BOMBSHELL Report!!Veselnitskaya, Goldstone & Agalarova Traveled from NYC to UK For Brexit Then Back to NYC! 
Blair had one vote in the EU Referendum like the rest of us, and his was no more important than anyone else's. His 'opinion' is irrelevant.  
'It's absolutely necessary Brexit doesn't happen', Tony Blair says...  
.Brexit is going to make us LESS safe. 
What does it tell you when the Media gives airtime to Four LOSERS Ex MPs Blair.Cameron.Clegg. and Major All of them no longer matter 
Arewa Youths Urge The UN To Organise A Referendum For Biafrans  
British politician, Anne Marie Morris gets suspended for using the N-word in a meeting discussing Brexit:  
The point is the "Brexit" mandate's too slender to sensibly be described as "the will of the people" surely? 
It's time we stopped being passive about Brexit. Time we stopped allowing the BBC, Bliar, Campbell, Clegg et al to suggest it won't happen. 
."Brexit is our generation’s Dunkirk". 
The Observer view on how the tide is turning against deceitful and incompetent hard Brexiters | Observer editorial  
Why our best option to fix the Euratom mess is revoke our Article 106a notification of withdrawal, separating Euratom from Brexit sequence.  
John McDonnell confirms that Labour intends to join the Tories in selling us down the river for a fantasy Brexit  
Inquiry to warn Theresa May's hard Brexit will put national security at risk  
."Horticulture to be launched into Brexit slurry pit thanks to some ignorant misconceptions about migrant workers" pic.twitter.com/Im2XtREa3f 
Quiet please: the Brexit ball is in play – cartoon  
Blair says UK's exit from EU should be halted: "Every day is bringing us fresh evidence" of Brexit's harm to Britain  
This puts it simply. Brexit will devastate car industry, and others even under WTO. Where's Nissan deal now?  
Over 40% of firms say Brexit has affected investment decisions. Of those, 98% say that the impact has been negative.  
Many MPs are jealous 
Failing that, hold a referendum that the SCC has ruled forces the Feds to negotiate after a clear question. #ableg 
Hard Brexit would deprive UK of vital intelligence and put national security at risk  
Iceberg insists it can thrive on its own after winning referendum to leave Antarctica  
NIGHT. MADE. #efta #brexit  
Brexit is our generation’s Dunkirk, but this time there will be no salvation | Will Hutton  
Geez Blair has added to #Brexit ClusterCliff -& Corbyn now very openly embracing the madness of May's hard #Brexit. UK done-in by all sides 
Great to meet pro-EU Remainers @ Croston #BastilleDay town twinning fete These older women feel v strongly youth shd decide future of Brexit  
'It's absolutely necessary Brexit doesn't happen', Tony Blair says  
John McDonnell hits back at Tony Blair's claims Labour are failing to fight a hard Brexit  
Whatever their histories of too this or too that, Blair, Heseltine, Major, Adonis, Clark, Lammy, Clegg & Patten are all dead right on Brexit  
Lmao it's so offensive of *me* to notice that Hopkins & Farage are cheering Corbyn's Brexit campaign. Shame on me.  
Former civil service head warns Theresa May of Brexit chaos  
Doesn't matter how it sounds, he was talking about economic consequences of Brexit in relation to labours manifesto spending. Stop inferring  
To be quite honest the only way #brexit can be truly stopped is by curbing the influence of Murdoch and the rest of the right wing press. 
I'm sick of all these #Brexit fanatics begging me to join in and help them destroy the country. They are quite capable of it on their own. 
16/ But real story here: there are some Brexiters who are so fanatical that they would rather damage economy than see Brexit put at risk./// 
"The Daily Mail is planning to use Brexit to sabotage the British economy"  
Took hour to cross from Croatia (EU) to Bosnia (non-EU). V similar to Irish border: long, shared history; had free movement in past #Brexit 
TOMORROW: We blame the French for us writing our own suicide note. #Brexit  
Britain may produce its own radioactive cancer medicine after Brexit #premium 
Gove: "I truly believe Brexit can make this nation what it once was. A barren wasteland covered in ice." 
English-nationalists broaden Brexit-blame from UK's early 20C enemy (Germany) to its early 19C one (France). Who's next - Spain?  
Devastating on the Government's chaos & division over #Brexit from former head of the civil service  
Specify our Brexit red lines @jeremycorbyn- How many jobs will we see lost?- How much tax revenue?- How much poorer?We can't eat slogans 
The EU Knows if Britain leaves the EU This will bring an end to the EU Project 
The trajectory of #Brexit is the triumph of the idiocracy, the extinguishing of the age of reason. This is the fight of our lives. 
Wow. This Brexiteer manages to insult the disabled, ignore the fascist tendancies of Brexit AND sound like a supercilious jerk in one tweet.  
Frankfurt Is the Big Winner in Battle for Brexit Bankers  
When #Brexit talks over would you...Support a referendum asking voters if they back deal - 46%Oppose such a referendum - 39%@Survation 
Tony Blair: Brexit can still be stopped  
Remember that time 60% of Scottish farmers voted NO to Scottish independence, YES to Brexit then Tory in the general election  
This is a man who turns like the wind. No principles at all. #Brexit and #LeaveEU Re Tweet as much as you can for every one to see. 
It was an ADVISORY Referendum!Why is that difficult to understand?  
Contrary to what Twitter tells me..Imagine there was a referendum tomorrow... Leave 46.8Remain 46.8Survation July 16#Brexit #EURef 
Byebye @UKLabour I loaned my vote, u lost it. @InstituteGC right #Brexit is a disaster. #StopBrexit #RemainINEU @Labour4EU @spaceangel1964 
This is a piece that everyone interested in #Brexit should read: Brexit and the Centre | Tony Blair Institute  
Would love to see Polling of Labour members to see which Brexit position they prefer: Blair's or Corbyn's. Suspect Blair's but w/o his name. 
Nor every single person who votes Labour will vote no in the next referendum. It's a mistake to confuse unionism and socialism.  
Tory MPs playing power games and briefing against each other to score points should be ashamed of themselves. DEAL WITH BREXIT PLEASE.  
The result of my glorious Brexit of 1534. You're welcome.  
Let's undermine Brexit at every opportunity!! 
Every time I turn on the news I'm being hit repeatedly with violent anti BREXIT propaganda,it's become so intense I've burnt the TV licence!  
Hysterical Leave reaction to Blair's reasoned economic and political case against Brexit. Denunciation is not a strategy  
#Brexit Britain will be grovelling at the feet of multinationals and plutocrats begging them to invest here. @jeremycorbyn#StopBrexit 
They've just played Elgar's Land of Hope and Glory as an encore. A fellowship of music across centuries and across continents. Fuck Brexit. 
Former civil service head warns Theresa May of Brexit chaos  
Nothing like a Blair pronouncement on Brexit to stiffen the resolve of voters that they were right to back Leave  
An American wrote this Twitter thread on Brexit and it's eye-opening  
"Hold the front page! Folk who were bitterly opposed to Brexit still think it's a bad idea!"  
Damning from former head of the civil service. Ministers must start being honest about complexity of Brexit. We need to get real quickly  
I went to Cambridge university today. I loved it, multicultural, it felt like Brexit did not exist. Sadly back to our new reality. 
You bellend - there is only one type of Brexit, there is no such thing as hard or soft Brexit. Oh and 17.5 million agree #itscalleddemocracy 
.@jeremycorbyn has not "duped" people over #brexit.People would do well to remember: the GE came AFTER the #EUref.Get your timing right! 
Former top civil service chief warns of Brexit chaos ahead of 2nd negotiation round - it's time for the Govt to drop plans for hard Brexit  
Blair says UK's exit from EU should be halted: "Every day is bringing us fresh evidence" of Brexit's harm to Britain  
75% of 18 - 24 year olds voted remain. We refuse to have our rights stripped away against our will. Brexit will be reversed sooner or later. 
John McDonnell hits back at Tony Blair's claims Labour are failing to fight a hard Brexit  
Brilliant Blair has put his two pennies in re abandoning Brexit. His huge ego obscures to him the fact that he is widely despised. Go Tony! 
I wish i had voted Brexit due to the infuriating behaviour of the remainers. I can't take their undemocratic state of mind anymore. 
."There are significant opportunities for Irish universities to attract world-leading scholars in wake of Brexit". 
Last year you claim you supported Remain. Prove you're not a Brexiteer and stop supporting the Tories and their Brexit. #StopBrexit 
Dublin is streets ahead of EU rivals as City firms plan for Brexit relocation | Business | The Guardian  
Blair selfishly  wants Brexit to fail, because he has investments in Europe. A liar and a war criminal. He  should be sent into retirement. 
Brexit belongs to the far left and far right.  Those of us in the centre must unite to stop Brexit.  
Watch Brexiteers say before referendum that Britain would stay in the single market after leaving EUBarefaced liepic.twitter.com/4GKg2WrLDf 
#Brexit PollHas your opinion changed since referendum Please vote and retweet 
Jeremy Corbyn is quite right. We must indeed act to halt and reverse falling real incomes. We must therefore stop Brexit.  
In case your wondering, "jobs-first Brexit" means absolutely nothing. Not straight talking, not honest. Bad for jobs, bad for economy. 
A reason why we Remainers just  must let  #Brexit proceed:-so #ThePeople can find out the mess it is themselves.  
Alternative pledge: 'I am a Remainer however democracy matters to me. EU Ref was a reckless Tory stunt & Brexit Chaos is a Tory failure.' 
Deranged Brexit zealot #PritiPatel has a speech on gov.uk website where she says this govt won't shy away from making "cruel decisions"  
Blood, sweat and toil will overcome the ambitions of the Brexit wreckers, says Charles Moore  
Article 50 hasn't been triggered. A question of ministerial misconduct arises. Brexit chickens return to roost much sooner than expected. 
Strong piece marvelling at the self-harming stupidity of Brexit by former German foreign minister Joschka Fischer   
Dublin top destination for London Financial houses exit on Brexit.  And rightly so.  
Tony Blair co-launched an illegal war based on lie which led to deaths of 1m. Sorry, but I'm not interested in his views on Brexit & Corbyn. 
To be honest the attacks on Blair today smack of the desperate provision of cover for Corbyn's ongoing betrayal of supporters on Brexit 
7) love Blair or hate him.  Attempts to undermine anti Brexit voices by Labour commentators should give all Labour supporters concerns 
Frankfurt emerges as the big winner in the battle for Brexit bankers  
What total BS, Corbyn supports a #Brexit which will waste tens of billions that could otherwise be used to end austerity.#StopBrexit 
Farage and Johnson who we should vow to place behind bars for their democracy-destroying lies. #Brexit #Remain #StopBrexit 
Brexit, your Brexit Jeremy @jeremycorbyn, will bring more foodbanks to the many not the few. Enough is enough Jeremy, you must #StopBrexit 
I simply can't support @UKLabour when they are pro brexit sorryTony Blair is right Brexit is a disaster 
Theresa May's Brexit chaos is leaving the EU bemused and astonished  
Thousands march against referendum, extra powers for Mali president  
Dublin is streets ahead of EU rivals as City firms plan for Brexit relocation  #WhyIreland 
Take the pledge: "When Jeremy Corbyn grandstands about poverty, I [tweep] will remind him that his Hard Brexit will cause it."  
Excellent analysis about #Brexit + the disruptive effect of regulatory divergence  via @FT 
Our PM was forced to wear £995 trousers & she thinks she can stand up to 32 EU countries in Brexit negotiations  
We have a huge rail network, thousands of stations, but not one single UK-owned train manufacturer. Spot a gap in the market, post Brexit? 
Imagine the Conservatives led by @NSoames reversing the Brexit folly,EU news buzzing: "Churchill's grandson restoring GB's place in Europe!"  
'If London is broken into pieces then it is not going to be as efficient.' @Reuters explores the cost of #Brexit  
Labour is at serious risk of misinterpreting the 'mood' of the 48+%, many 'loaned' you their vote - sadly you are not listening: no Brexit.  
Tory Highlights: 9th - 15th July. Featuring Boris 'go whistle' Johnson, Luke Graham's EVEL cock-up, #Brexit, Theresa's Tears and more.  pic.twitter.com/MnHanutCR4 
I'm against #brexit but if you think #TonyBlair wants Britain to remain in EU so that housing crisis ends & you get a raise, you're deluded. 
Not just Blair on tomorrow's show - Gibraltar's Chief Minister @FabianPicardo in the studio to talk Brexit and the future of the Rock #Ridge 
Support for a referendum on terms of Brexit deal grows  
The childishness of Remain refuseniks can't stop Brexit, but it might damage it writes @DanielJHannan 
Corbynites should consider if Blair's Brexit intervention would be necessary their leader was doing anything at all to represent Remainers. 
"Shared language & links with London have made Irish capital 1st choice for banks seeking new bases"Brexit impact! 
The UK must not step away from the world stage because of Brexit  
Iceberg insists it can thrive on its own after winning referendum to leave Antarctica #Antarxit 
How did we get stuck with #Brexit? Please read and share @Jon_Danzig’s latest report:  
The Labour leadership is so determined to oppose Blair - no matter what he says - that they choose to back May's extreme Brexit instead. 
Rewriting laws without votes in parliament? That's how British laws could be decided after Brexit. RETWEET so everyone knows!  
McDonnell is playing the man here and not the ball. Their visceral hatred of Blair clouds their judgment. On Brexit, Blair is right. 
Britain CAPITULATES? UK finally accepts it WILL have to foot a bill for Brexit. Why. This is a ruse to keep us in.  
Imagine New York deciding on a whim to leave the United States and sacrifice its position as America's finance capital.Well that's Brexit 
Our Brexit-backing politicians are making fools of us, says Nick Cohen:  
As a historian, I feel obligated to remind the politicians and pundits making insane defenses of Brexit. that this is all being recorded. 
The more I think about it, the more I think Brexit is a bad idea.The more I think Brexit is a bad idea the more I want to #StopBrexit 
Remember me? I dropped the UK right in the shit and resigned the very next day #brexit pic.twitter.com/c0UhVjQfbs 
Pity the Remoaners. The War Criminal Tony Blair is now their leader. Mind how you go. #Brexit 
FARAGE: Blair is one of the most disliked figures in British politics and he's wrong about Brexit. 
"Brexit must mean Brexit," 56% agree, 25% disagree, even if there is no deal...according to polling for Tony Blair.  
Theresa May's plans for a hard Brexit don't have the backing of the British public, new research shows  
Saying we shouldn't listen to Blair on Brexit because of Iraq is like saying Churchill should've been ignored in 30s because of Gallipoli. 
How often will the same old #Leave campaign myths about #Brexit be trotted out? 
#Brexit is the biggest, most complicated and most important negotiation of our lives: @foreignoffice and overseas network playing full part 
"The National Audit Office says the Government is only just starting to realise how difficult Brexit will be":  
John McDonnell hits back at Blair’s criticism of Labour’s Brexit policy  
The Catalan government has planned to thwart legal action by rushing the referendum through its parliament  
The likelihood of Brexit not happening is growing by the day, Vince Cable says  
My Igbo Friend said "let us do referendum on Biafra in SE". I said the fact that Ojukwu lost election in d SE is an everlasting Referendum! 
Doesn't matter what you think about #TonyBlair. He's absolutely right about #Labour #Corbyn and #Brexit. Calling him names won't change that 
So important - we must increase apprenticeships for Brits and become less reliant on cheap migrant labour after Brexit!  
There’s still a real chance for a second Brexit referendum | Jonathan Freedland  
Tony Blair shared his thoughts on Brexit. The response he got is priceless [TWEETS]  
The EU is a customs union, tariffs will fall on brexit.Cheaper food & wine in particular as new world goods come to Britain free of tariffs  
Excellent news: support for a referendum on terms of Brexit deal grows  
So according to Diane James's poll 15% of Leavers have changed their mind - more than enough to overturn the referendum  
This just in. May bullied into wearing trousers. Will also be negotiating brexit deal. Erm...  
The express acknowledges that Brexit will cost hundreds of billions.  Their lies caused it.  Traitors. 
New tardis very much reflects Brexit Britain #DrWho 
Just saw this on my Facebook feed. Sums it up rather well, methinks. #Brexit #Remain #Euratom #StopBrexit 
By definition violence involves physical force, therefore speech can never, ever be violence.#MAGA #Brexit #DC"When Is Speech Violence" 
Dublin is streets ahead of EU rivals as City firms plan for Brexit relocation  
Interesting article in The Guardian about Mercer raging war on MSM. He was also responsible for the Brexit disinfo.  
I'd love to see Tony Blair debate Nigel Farage on Brexit. He would make mincemeat of Farage and his made up factoids.  
Art and music will help get us through the dark years ahead. Play this and hope for the future. #brexit 
If we want to oust a UK government, we can vote them out at a general electionBrexit is the only way we can get shot of the EU Commission. 
Massive debate on my twitter feed. Not one pro Corbyn follower arguing against Blair comments on Brexit only his right to express them. 
Even the Brexiteers own, Dominic Cummings, thinks that Brexit could be "an error". Save Britain and #StopBrexit pic.twitter.com/lw0oCYrIiF 
There’s still a real chance for a second Brexit referendum | Jonathan Freedland  
It’s time for all Remoaners still hysterically trying to inflict Project Fear 2.0 to accept that Brexit must happen  
We don't want a deal thank you 70% of labour supporters don't want Brexit !!!!  
When we leave #EuropeanUnion Government should bring back #bluepassport - RT if you agree.  #bbcsp #marr  #Brexit #Conservatives 
People say they are tired of hearing from Tony Blair. I'm tired of hearing from the xenophones and nostalgia merchants bringing Brexit about 
what lawful neutral mage cursed the centre to only ever consider all politics ever through the lens of nothing but brexit  
Smart left-leaning people trying to convince themselves Brexit won't be so bad rather than disagree with Corbyn on anything. How depressing. 
There is only one response to Blair's Brexit intervention:WMD. 
The UK’s ignorance of the Brexit process is exceeded only by its ignorance of the benefits of EU membership - which is what led to Brexit! 
Corbynites execrate Lib-Dems for Con-Dem coalition. Yet we now have Con-Lab pact to deliver hard Brexit. 
Who will go down in history as biggest traitor of UK over Brexit? RT please - result to be used in #StopBrexit campaign.@DeborahMeaden @FT 
"REAL #BREXIT, NOT #hardBrexit, NOT #softBrexit, #REALBREXIT. We voted to leave, very simple" #NigelFarage! #BBC #SKY #UK #EU #NEWS #TORY 
#NigelFarage: #TonyBlair's behaviour over #Brexit is loathsome!   #BBC #SKY #ITV #NEWS #TORY #UKIP #UK #EU #USA 
JPMorgan's Jamie Dimon says it's important to be ready for a hard Brexit  
Since the #EURef last June, how has the UK fared? Vote & Retweet. #Brexit #RepealBill #Europe  
Maybe think of your own integrity if you're attacking others @OwenJones84. You've lost yours on Brexit, standing by as the UK is devastated. 
Only 1 in 5 #HouseofCommons committees are chaired by #MP's who backed #Brexit-can anyone say stitch up  #BBC #SKY 
Under European law, airlines can only fly routes within the EU if they are majority EU-ownedBrexit means Out 
Tony Blair: It's necessary that Brexit doesn't happen  
Blair was wrong about Iraq. He appears to be right about Brexit. The two things aren't mutually exclusive. 
Star computer science teacher blows whistle on "Left-wing brainwashing" and anti-#Brexit bias in our schools.  
Nigel Farage RAILS AGAINST 'loathsome' Tony Blair's attempt to 'REVERSE' Brexit  
Tony Blair Man of 'faith'  ATTACKING #Corbyn again & attempting 2 sway brexit Blair doesn't attack Tory austerity destroying millions of ppl 
If those who want to overturn the referendum want a focus on the issues, they obviously need a better spokesperson, that's all 
Sorry folks, but Brexit needs to happen #Brexit  
You are a great political commentator. You should encourage debate about his points on Brexit not call him a war criminal  to stifle it. 
To sabotage Brexit is to sabotage democracy its self. Then we have chaos, right back in the jungle. Maybe its time for the peasants revolt. 
Kirstie Allsopp blasts 'humourless' Brexit Brits as she quits Twitter 
It is also very important that newsworthy people use recent events to make the case against Brexit in public, because Labour will not.  
Brexit criticised due to EU Nurses leaving UK. Meanwhile Commonwealth Nurses are prevented from working in the UK   
#TonyBlair Multimillionaire war criminal doing the rounds everywhere trying to derail Brexit, we're leaving the EU stop annoying 17 million  
Tony Blair: Stopping Brexit is 'absolutely necessary'  
If you scream "War Criminal" loud enough people won't notice that Corbyn's life long pro Brexit stance means he can't deliver GE promises  
.@vincecable says that Brexit is becoming more horrible by the minute. Public mood will change. I am increasingly confident we will win 
Do you think Tony Blair would be good for the UK if he was involved in the #brexit negotiations?RETWEET & VOTE #yourvoice 
Blair makes a lot of sense. Pro Brexit/Corbyn supporters aren't challenging his argument but his right to say it   
He wins, we still get Brexit, we all lose   
Iceberg insists it can thrive on its own after winning referendum to leave Antarctica  via @newsthump 
Like him or not, Blair's right. The mood is changing. The option to reverse Brexit must be kept on the table. 
Please let the new Dr Who be @nick_clegg. He could take us back in the Tardis to 2010. Pre-coalition. No Brexit. Trump just a TV host. 
If fear of civil unrest is the only justification offered for continuing with Brexit, that's the best possible argument for not doing so. 
Didn't think I'd have to clarify that this tweet is about Brexit rather than Corbyn, but oh well 
Did anyone else assume Brexit negotiations would be going on for at least a couple of days a week, rather than a few days a year? 
Important read on #humanrights after #Brexit by the brilliant @WomaninHavana. Be afraid, UK. Very afraid 
The evidence that Leave was the wrong answer to the referendum is now tsunamically overwhelming. So why is the govt persisting with it? 
I feel more uncompromising about Brexit than ever, tbh...  
This is an excellent read >>Britain is incapable of managing Brexit and calamity will follow  
if you voted for #Brexit, you voted to be poorer. if you don't want to be poorer, you need to #stopBrexit, #takebackcontrol 
The debate about what rights EU citizens will have post Brexit often mentions that having the same rights as Brits would mean fewer rights 
Ballistic Blair has ZERO credibility after Iraq. I think I'd value the opinion of a carrot on Brexit over BLIAR's. What a failure of a man! 
exactly like UK and Brexit, we are going to be tied up for years with this wretched business when  rest of world goes forward 
Also, can't win a referendum re-run (whenever it is) without winning argument for free movement, not some nonsense about "reforming" it. 
An American wrote this Twitter thread on Brexit and it's eye-opening  
When In A Hole, Keep Digging. This is HM Government's current official position on Brexit. 
To panel on #bbcaq: Worth remembering Brexit Ref was *advisory* & parliament is sovereign. Time MPs faced up to realities & stop the madness 
Be clear #tonyblair isn't going to be the one to save Britain from Brexit b/c he has never atoned for Iraq-he's damaged beyond repair  
"Brexit has plunged graduates from Britain’s leading universities into deep pessimism about their career prospects" 
Brexit followed by Corbyn in No 10 would put UK flat on its back – Blair  
Vote Leave had 2 parts:Tories with magic £350M busesUKIP sayin we'd stay in the Single MarketBrexit MUST STOP 
The Corbyn 'left' are yet again putting Corbyn's Brexit before the poor who would suffer the most. Shows their priorities doesn't it. 
Just submitted article to @Cable_mag for their August edition...assuming they like it of course! Next, #Brexit research before I hit the gym 
Chakrabarti fails to criticise Labour peer's comparison of Brexit and Nazi appeasement  
@theSNP already have NO tuition Fees Free care for 65+ Merged NHS & social Care V good #Nuffieldreport No bedroom tax AND against Brexit 
Scared about your human rights after Brexit? You should be | Schona Jolly  
BREXITLord Adonis: "Worst mistake since appeasement of the Nazis in the 1930s"Lord Taverne great definitIve speech  
The voice of #Remain, @acgrayling has 6 points to prove why Brexit can and will be stopped >>  #StopBrexit 
What did Enlightenment thinkers make of Europe? Plus a free book of student-translated texts to download!  #Brexit  
Corbynistas slag Blair off for Iraq, while Saint JC struggles to utter a squeak of protest against Assad & Putin's crimes in Syria#Brexit 
Lord Adonis compares Brexit with appeasing an arrogant, expansionist, autocratic bully. Isn't that what we're trying to leave?  
Tony Blair says Brits have changed their mind on #Brexit now that talks have started, have you changed your mind?RETWEET & VOTE #yourvoice 
POLL: Are the Tories deliberately making themselves seem so inept & obnoxious they get out of Brexit?Yes = RTNot deliberate = LIKE 
Another post-Brexit free trade deal in prospect? President Museveni calls for more trade between Uganda and the UK.  
Tony Blair: Brexit “is not merely damaging in itself; it is a massive distraction."   
Depressing to see so many people now deciding that they want Brexit because Corbyn does and Blair doesn't. 
And to add to this car crash, since Brexit vote, number of nurses arriving from EU fallen by *96%*#NHS 
#BREAKING: Iran’s Supreme leader asks Iraq’s PM @HaiderAlAbadi to prevent Kurdistan’s independence referendum, @UN report suggests. 
That's not what he is doing. Tories want hard Brexit. Corbyn doesn't. Big difference. You're playing to the right wing script.  
WATCH | @Nigel_Farage blasts Blair's "loathsome" Brexit intervention. "He is showing why he is one of the most disliked people in politics."  
Top Co Down doctor threatens to quit stretched NHS if hard Brexit imposed via @irish_news 
It baffles me interviewers still do not challenge the reliability of the referendum, which is the only 'case' Leavers have. 
Let's have a second Brexit referendum says Nick Clegg  tell you what Cleggy - let's not! You absurd little man 
ALWAYS been the case.If anyone makes a case against Brexit Leavers attack the person - not the argument.Because they'd lose the argument  
Iain Duncan Smith has called on Lord Adonis to apologise after he compared Brexit to the appeasement of the Nazis  
Is Tony Blair right? Of course, just need the political will to make it happen. We're 1 year wiser post referendum.  
Brexit 'is dying' and in 'terrible trouble', says former Tory MP Matthew Parris | Metro News  
Tony Blair: 'Absolutely necessary' that Brexit does not happen - Sky News  
King Felipe of Spain calls for minimal trade barriers with the UK after Brexit  
A trade agreement MUST READModern deals tackle regulations(Why Brexit is so very hard)Well done @AlanBeattie  
Theresa May: Only I can be the strong voice that negotiates the best #BrexitAlso Theresa May: I caved to pressure on my choice of trousers  
Tony Blair: 'absolutely necessary' Brexit doesn't happen – video  
Tony Blair: 'absolutely necessary' Brexit doesn't happen – video  
Poll ahead of my @LBC show, Sunday at 3pm."Brexit followed by Corbyn in Number 10 would be disastrous", says Tony Blair. 
Do supporters of overturning EU referendum - a position that already alienates many - not accept Blair is their worst possible ambassador? 
Excl: Commons clerks refused to allow PM to name key Brexit law Great Repeal Bill – because it repeals very little; 
Farage - "violence is the next step"#Brexit  
Trenchant analysis of whistling and #Brexit in @ft by @davidallengreen: The Day the Whistling Ended. Sadly spot on. 
Brexit means more causes of Brexit. Then what, a return to fiefdoms lorded over by the likes of JRM? #StopBrexit #ThatIsMyWill 
And Brendan O'Neill gets to the heart of the issue as SNP, Lib Dems and Tory Labour Remainers seek to stop Brexit  
Leavers should remember that Farage wanted another referendum if #Remain won the referendum by a narrow majority.#StopBrexit #Remain 
'Absolutely necessary' that #Brexit does not happen: Tony Blair  /via @SkyNews 
Adonis is right in his comparison. History will view Brexit as a catastrophic act of self-sabotage & feckless politicians failing to act 
Is that "socialist" pro Brexit, pro Trident, pro House of Lords, pro benifit cap Labour that power shares with Tories in Scottish councils? 
The case for a second referendum on Brexit - and how it might be done. My column  
Blood, sweat and toil will overcome the ambitions of the Brexit wreckers  via @telegraphnews 
The new remainstream media theme that Brexit is "too complex" to do is breathtaking in its audacity. The biggest lie they have ever told. 
Mutual recognition of professional qualifications needs to be cherished, not thrown away in the Brexit dustbin. It is a key concern for us.  
Failure to represent Labour members' views on Brexit will cost the party the next election not Blair's opinions.  
Big names are being forced by Brexit to move part of their Business out of Britain. #StopBrexit and stop the jobs leaving our shores. 
Brilliant Article, could be called - "The Psychology of Political Incompetence"    #Brexit  
“Pay for the NHS instead,” Kamer says of brexit divorce money.  
From the bloke who told us Brexit would be a walk in the park but after 7 years universally Credit still not up and running.  
The Prime Minister and Chancellor are both firm Remainers and yet Leave voters wonder why the Government are making a pigs ear of Brexit. 
The men in white coats are going to be super busyClegg:  young people should have TWO votes in 2nd EU referendum 
Blair has joined battle with #Brexit with all the terrifying intensity with which he killed a million people in Iraq. Mind how you go...  
Many #REMOANERS encouraging EU to give us worst deal possible in the vain hope it will stop #Brexit.They should be ashamed of themselves. 
Detailed, forensic and right. @davidallengreen is very good here. Brexit: the day the whistling ended  
Leavers rant about democracy, except when it comes to a referendum on the final deal. Running scared!#Brexit #Remain #StopBrexit 
Get the 'IN LIMBO: #Brexit Testimonies By EU Citizens In UK' as mentioned by guest @monlouhawk on this week's show:  
Can #brexit get more farcical than this?  
Classic EU,every time there's a referendum that the EU doesn't like,people are ignored or made to vote again. Who are the real Nazis here!  
Should those who'll lose most learn their lesson the hard way? I don't think so. And post-Brexit economic decline fertile soil for fascism  
John Harris @guardian says 'Brexit is a terrible idea but it has to happen.' He is very right on the first point, very wrong on the second. 
Britain's Brexit Chaos Leaves EU Friends and Foes Bemused - Bloomberg  
Re-up: Tony Blair is right about Brexit  
More important re: #Brexit: How long can the UK Govt go on ignoring the majority of Scottish Remain voters?  
Brexit followed by Corbyn in No 10 would put UK flat on its back – Tony Blair  
Many great insights here. But a fight to stop Brexit won't be helped by connecting it to a fight to revive Blairism.  
I have yet to hear of one #Brexit politician condemning the threats of violence if Brexit is stopped.Colluding with violence.#StopBrexit 
Reminder to Leavers, the Tory right were clamouring for a second referendum in case they lost on June 23.#Remain #Brexit #StopBrexit 
The two main reasons for UK's ongoing setbacks on BrexitBy me, at @FT 
Tony Blair: Leaders should become "educators" on Brexit and “lead a proper debate about the options before us”  
Would you change your mind on Brexit if the European Union made concessions on immigration to keep us in?  
Nick Clegg in laughable call for second EU referendum with votes of under-30s counted twice  
"The day the whistling stopped"On Boris Johnson, other ministers, and lack of realism about BrexitBy me, at @FT 
Surely you see that your prejudices are stopping you listening to the only person talking sense on Brexit. 
But Blair's critique goes way beyond that - he's attacking Labour's economic policies, as well as Brexit. Surely you see this? 
"It is plain to every impartial observer that Brexit is a disaster, and promises yet worse."   
press your refound hero to find some spine on Brexit. Nothing he promises possible if Brexit goes ahead as planned 
Further sign Brextremists losing the argument that they urge shooting of TB messenger rather than engage on message. Brexit is a disaster 
Public turning against #Brexit? Wishful thinking from the man who hasn't respected public opinion since before Iraq. 
Never ceases to amaze me how dismissive Tony Blair is of the British people's opinions and votes cast on #Brexit. We are leaving the EU.  
Tony Blair says #Brexit can be stopped if UK leaders realise the EU will 'meet us halfway'  
try message not messenger and you might learn something about how to get a Labour government. And how to stop Brexit 
Infinitely better: Stop Brexit.  
Brexit followed by Corbyn in No 10 would put UK flat on its back – Tony Blair  
Growing consensus for Norwegian type "safe harbour" as Leave leader Frank Field calls it, transitional arrangement as we Brexit 
Tony Blair - the country voted to stop a hard Brexit & rejected explicitly the mandate Theresa May was demanding:  
He says #Brexit will be a disaster and we are all better off staying in the #EU. I don't have to like him to agree with him. #StopBrexit 
Once again I think it needs saying that what divides the nation over Brexit is essentially IQ. 
A Reminder to Leavers that May's 'global Britain', a kind of Atlantic Singapore, will have to be very open to immigration.#Brexit #Remain 
May & Corbyn both pretended to be Remainers, not for the good of the country, but for their careers.#Brexit #Remain #StopBrexit 
Brexit: Blair says UK should consider staying in a reformed EU  
NEWS! New Brexit Doctor Who to only travel backwards in time  
The only "Jobs First Brexit" is Remain.  
we are seeing how the political establishment works as we see their continual anti-brexit propaganda by broadcasting the fool Tony Blair 
The causes of Brexit will still be thereJust different Immigration from the rest of the world instead of EUMore austerity for longer 
Corbyn's 'jobs first Brexit' is just more duplicitous Brexit drivel. #Brexit will destroy jobs, the question is how many#StopBrexit 
Blair, Clegg, Cable etc etc Sky News and BBC are anti Brexit. I wonder why  
Suits Sky's anti Brexit agenda perfectly. They can't get enough of clowns like him 
A temporary Norway-style Brexit risks permanent loss of control of our borders, warns Lord Green of @migrationwatch 
"I think it's possible now that #Brexit doesn't happen. I think it's absolutely necessary that it doesn't happen," says former PM Tony Blair  
Blair launches new attempt to stitch up Brexit | Clegg calls for 2nd referendum with under-30s' votes counted twice  
Tony Blair: It's 'absolutely necessary' that Brexit does not happen  
Lord Adonis: "Brexit is like Nazi appeasement ". Nonsense Andrew. STAYING IN is like appeasement.  And surrender. 
We had the arguments at the referendum , frankly the way the political classes are going they will be wiped away before long  
Tony Blair: Brexit makes urgent the need for the centre to be renewed  
Interesting summary of developments in the #UK in the last year (via @jorisluyendijk) #Brexit #Brexodus? 
If UK accepts Overrule by ECJ then it accepts Overrule by EU Commission & EU Parliament who make the EU Law. That is NOT Brexit. Sod Off EU 
Theresa May's Brexit chaos is leaving the EU bemused and astonished  
Blair is right,peoples' views on #Brexit are changingMore people now want BrexitTheir only concern is that it's taking so long to get OUT 
Tony Blair - I totally agree with his analysis on the disastrous Brexit! @campbellclaret 
Tony Blair: 'Absolutely necessary' that Brexit does not happen  
#r4today Combination of bad Brexit and kamikaze Corbyn economics could be knock out for UK, Blair also says. That sounds about right 
Tony Blair says Brexit can be stopped if the EU will 'meet us halfway' CHILCOT: "NOT STRAIGHT WITH BRITISH PEOPLE" 
Former PM Tony Blair has set out what he thinks is the difference between hard and soft Brexit. 
Moral vacuum = someone who knows Blair broke the world and killed a million Iraqis with his illegal war but say parrot his Brexit rants  
Anti human rights Theresa May accused of exploiting Brexit to scrap people's rights.  
Will Tony Blair ever realise that his brilliant idea of totally ignoring whole swathes of non-voters massively contributed to Brexit? 
Blair: "our leaders today should be educating us [about the risks involved in] #Brexit"   Exactly right 
Tony Blair: "The biggest delusion would be to continue on this path of hard Brexit." #r4today 
"Shape of Brexit harder to predict than ever, as GE17 turned British politics upside down"No Brexit is the answer. 
EU leaders could be willing to change immigration rules to stop Brexit, Tony Blair says  
BREXIT: Over a year on & those who lost the vote are still trying to block the result.  
Blair on Corbyn's Brexit "A 'jobs Brexit' outside the single market is a contradiction in terms". Will Labour listen? 
"Of course Brexit can be stopped, but it requires leadership from Labour" Tony Blair @Independent  
Cascading dire events & harsh realities will dis-illusion public opinion against Brexit not a discredited former PM. 
Tony Blair wants Britain to keep its options open so Brexit can be called off if necessary  
Tony Blair: Brexit “is not merely damaging in itself; it is a massive distraction." Read the full essay here + share  
Tremendous and wise long read by Tony Blair on Brexit and what happens next  
Lib Dems are watching and waiting for the Brexit deal to unravel – under Vince Cable, they'll be able to take action  
Blair on 'Brexit and the centre'  Reflective, nuanced account of GE2017 & both strengths and limits of Labour advance 
Anyone else notice how remainiacs are still crying like babies over a democratic vote, over a year later?Brexit will be good for Britain.  
"UK insists EU to have custody of Farage at weekends in Brexit divorce settlement":  via @@RochdaleHerald 
Brexit was never about what majority wanted. Was always about what Murdoch et al could persuade majority they wanted  
Even if 99% were against #Brexit, May would ignore them because it's what Murdoch et al wants so he can cut worker rights and boost profit. 
EU leaders willing to give UK control over immigration to prevent #Brexit, Tony Blair says #premium 
Our street stall will be in Briggate #Leeds again today from the earlier time of 11. Come & have a chat about #Brexit  
Brexit could cost UK Treasury tens of billions in lost tax revenue, says Office for Budget Responsibility  
Clegg wants a second referendum in which the votes of under-30s would count double. How desperate are they getting?  
Here's where London's bankers are moving after Brexit  
I have another moan of the week for you and this week I am REALLY cheesed off!  #Brexit  
Oh dear. Tony, you lost. We held a referendum & the people voted for Brexit. Brexit cannot & will not be stopped.  
Brexit followed by Corbyn in No 10 would put UK flat on its back – Tony Blair  
This con artist is trying to sabotage the will of the people and democracy itself. The British people voted Brexit, that should be respected  
Tony Blair: Brexit can still be stopped Reform is now on Europe's agenda so why are we leaving? #StopBrexit 
Will Brexit trigger an exodus of banks from London? Here's where things stands just now  
Anyone who still can't see the malevolence of the #EU is out to destroy the very fabric of our civilization. Aka: the enemy.#Brexit #Nexit 
Michael Gove said that those who don't benefit shouldn't have to pay.  Does this mean that #Brexit won't be funded by UK tax payers? 
Now historic records prove Heaths cabinet deliberately mislead us all surely the common market referendum must be null & void? 
FFS can we have a day without libtards snowflakes non stop Donald Trump bashing and Brexit Bashing He's the President and we're leaving  
Brexit-Last summer: SURELY the UK can't be that stupid.This: surely the UK can't be THAT stupid.Next: SURELY THE UK CAN'T BE THAT STUPID. 
Of most concern is that a hard Brexit will involve Britain leaving the European Common Aviation Area  
Brexit pathology:Leave’s latest lie shows the trouble they'r in  "In an era when proven liars rise to b US President" 
"Jeremy's ambivalence towards the EU accurately represents the country as a whole" McDonnell & Abbott night of EU referendum.  
Ireland is deeply troubled by the prospect of Brexit  
Will the September 25 referendum in Iraqi Kurdistan lead to an independent state? Experts weigh in:  
Nick Clegg 'begs for second Brexit referendum and says young people should have TWO votes'  lol fucking looney toon 
Our boy @asabfb 'boutta start his pool! @PandaGlobalPG hooked him up with his own gear, I'm jealous!  #Smash4 #Evo2017 #Brexit  
100+ Days #16Jul referendum against #dictator #Maduro #UnMundoSinMordaza #QueElPuebloDecida #sosvzla  via @NBCNews 
Hitler was a great believer in using referenda to fool 'the people' into thinking he was carrying out their 'will'. Same with #Brexit ... 
British MP Suspended After Casually Dropping N-Word Slur During Brexit Panel Discussion   
Brexit: EU could be flexible over movement, Blair says  
BOMBSHELL Report!Veselnitskaya, Goldstone & Agalarova Traveled from NYC to UK For Brexit Then Back to NYC! 
With just 20 months to go till Britain is meant to leave the EU, it’s become potentially more of a time bomb #Brexit  
#Indonesia is the problem. #Referendum is the solution. The people of #WestPapua have spoken, #LetWestPapuaVote! pic.twitter.com/2y9oHVWvp8 
It wasn't an election, it was an advisory referendum. We must demand that our representatives do the right thing for the nation. #StopBrexit 
....So many learned people from all walks of life recognise the dangers of Brexit, but they are not being listened to...  
Brits would rather stay in the EU than crash out with a ‘hard Brexit’ 
Hard #Brexit feels like the #Somme - everyone knows insane but still will not ask  why+still pushing country over cliff? #May #JeremyCorbyn 
Tony Blair: Brexit can still be stopped  
getting big into steampunk and naming my first born child 'brexit' 
Henry McLeish calls for parties to fight Brexit Bill together and challenges Scottish Tories  
BIAFRA: LET'S GIVE REFERENDUM A CHANCE  
Demand that your MP insists on the UK Parliament having the same right to approve the Brexit deal as the EU Parliament 6/6 
Who is listening to the millions of #Remainers? #stopbrexit #brexitshambles #notinmyname #NoWayMay #toriesout #Brexit #EURATOM #Euref 
Of course Brexit can be stopped, but it requires leadership from Labour 
Tony Blair: Brexit can still be stopped  
Tony Blair writes for i: Brexit makes the renewal of the political centre ever more urgent 
It would be good for the media to start saying "If Brexit goes through" rather than treating it as inevitable.#Brexit #Remain #StopBrexit 
When it comes to talking bollocks concerning Brexit, Corbyn and May croon like a bad Peters and Lee tribute act. #StopBrexit 
Would never have considered FT subscription until Brexit.  Best source of news right now.  Best speculation, too. 
Listen, it's very easy:General Election = Binding result.Brexit Referendum = Advisory result.Got it? 
Nonsense. It will centralise control in Wm, away from devolved nations. This will be devastating for Scottish and Welch agri. #Brexit 
The Great Repeal Bill could be the Brexit Bill that finishes off Theresa May  
Brexit: Warning of 'constitutional crisis' over repeal bill  
The Great Repeal Bill is vital for Brexit, so Remainers are throwing all they can at it  via @telegraphnews 
Remainers are so desperate not to have their pro EU views proved wrong they'd rather cause Brexit to fail than support us getting good exit. 
On a global scale, everything and I mean, Everything in Britain From apples to houses is currently worth 20% less than before Brexit. 
Meanwhile, over at brexit  
This is a (balanced and sobering) must-read, for anyone trying to understand the legal complexities of Brexit  
Any cross party commission on Brexit shd involve Shadow Cabinet - MPs who join by May's invitation = 1932 material   
I am not convinced Brexit will happen but I am convinced the UK is damaged economically and socially for a long time. Tories hang your heads 
Strange that the party that fought for Brexit isn't in Parliament to participate. A very significant anomaly indeed  
The whole Rose situation feels like a referendum on Kidd's influence and Jon Horst's judgment/ability to stop dumb things from happening.  
After Brexit is stopped we must have a compulsory GCSE in European Education for all schools.Lessons of history.Germany post-1945 as model 
Vince Cable: Brexit is just too difficult and we are so useless we need other people to run our country. 
#Brexit LIES LIES LIES LIES - Britain needs prosecutions, prosecutions and prosecutions! 
Wow, I'm old enough to remember when Brexit was going to give 350 million pounds a week to the NHS.  
WATCH: Jeremy Corbyn flaps during roasting over Labour’s confused Brexit position. Idiot!   
What Brexit fears? British expats mock scaremongering over EU exit  @DavidDavisMP @theresa_may @andrealeadsom 
Biggest lie of EU referendum was the result was a mandate for Brexit.  Govt promise does not make it a mandate, nor does every MP stating it 
Project fear is becoming project reality. Each day brings new evidence of the dire consequences of Brexit....  
Brexit in a nutshell: "We are going to spend a lot of time trying to replicate what we already have."  
There is no doubt that the main Brexit players will be remembered in 100 years time but will it be as heroes or notorious idiots? 
I had some visitors from tasmania today. Even they cannot believe we are destroying the uk through a stupid unnecessary referendum. 
Theresa May's plans for a hard Brexit don't have the backing of the British public, new research shows  
Halting Brexit, 2nd ref, must start now. Idea EU27 will welcome UK back in 2 yrs, w all opt-outs after v tough damaging talks, at best naive  
MPs warned they'll face furious public backlash if they attempt to wreck Brexit, as soon as Repeal Bill revealed they threatened to block. 
>Villains' motives are never justified>Here's a villain with justified motives>Also, what about Brexit lol 
Appeasement of bullies & bigots is all it has ever been, every step of the way. First with the referendum itself, then with the result.  
Never have so many people been conned into voting against their own best interests. #Brexit  
One stressful year on, it's clear Brexit has no clothes & the slogan Empress is laid bare. Time to #Remain @UKLabour 
Tory MP Nicholas Soames is horrified by #Brexit#Remain #StopBrexit 
IPOB: BIAFRA REFERENDUM IS AROUND THE CORNER: BIAFRANS, TAKE THE SENSITIZATION TO ALL NOOK AND CRANNY OF BIAFRA LAND  
"Needed: a politician who dares to question whether Brexit still makes sense":  
While absorbed by destructive madness of Brexit and Trump we shouldn't forget the man who's done most to create conditions for both -Murdoch 
Kosrat Rasool, Deputy Secret General of #PUK: "We will stand against anyone takes PUK into the anti-independence referendum direction." 
Frankfurt emerges as the big winner in the battle for Brexit bankers  
Exclusive: Theresa May considers asking Labour to join cross-party Brexit commission to smooth Brexit #premium 
What is your preference going forwards regarding #Brexit and EU membership? 
Exclusive: David Davis uses special Faraday briefcase to stop foreign spies snooping on Brexit secrets #premium 
4 words united them, now the Brexiters are hopelessly divided about what they want #Remain #Brexit #StopBrexit 
#Britain Just voted Out Of #EU and Scotland About To Ve Their 2 Referendum,But Kanu Call For #BiafraReferendum NGR Govt Says Is A call 4 War 
Did anyone hear the terms Hard or Soft Brexit before the referendum. Phrases used be Remainers to try to stop BREXIT 
The impact of Brexit has landed  
Brits would rather stay in the EU than crash out with a ‘hard Brexit’ 
"No one in the South voted for Brexit & the people of the North voted against it. We cannot sleepwalk into this. We cannot stand idly by."  
‘I’m about to get deported’: Journo confronts awkward May over Brexit at swanky party  
Fugitive Pilot Resurfaces At Rally Just Days From Venezuela's Referendum  
The Great Repeal Bill could be the Brexit Bill that finishes off Theresa May   
There’s still a real chance for a second Brexit referendum | Jonathan Freedland  
Latest #news and video on #Catalan government shake-up in readiness for Oct 1 vote  #referendum #Catalonia 
Times Journalist Claims Brexit Will Put Up Price of Prostitutes  
And here's the case for a second referendum, by @Freedland 
."The arch-leavers have either become strangely quiet or else now implicitly admit that Brexit is a disaster". 
Brexit presents CERTAINTY. The UK WILL seal economy-boosting, export-driving bilateral Free Trade Agreements with scores of Non-EU countries 
The impact of Brexit has landed - EasyJet is to set up a new airline as an insurance policy against Brexit #SNT 
Here's where London's bankers are moving after Brexit  
JOIN US LIVE ON RBL NEWSNIGERIA:WHERE REFERENDUMMEANS WAR #TonyBlairTO SELL WEAPONSFOR 2CIVIL WAR AGAINST BIAFRA 
Please note none of farce going on at moment is because of 'remoaners not getting behind Brexit' - all just a foreseen consequence of Brexit 
UK should pay its 'legally obliged' Brexit bill, says Corbyn ...... copying exactly what Theresa May said 
Barclays to expand Irish operations to mitigate Brexit impact, Dublin office prepares to become bank’s EU hub 
If you thought the EU referendum involved skullduggery, the evidence suggests you’re right [VIDEO]  #Brexit 
The #Remain movement is a truly popular mass political movement built without big money finance and political party support.#Brexit 
Always bracing from @BerthanPete. Yessers #should be very clearly/loudly arguing for #indy. Story needs to be seized from Brexit.  
EasyJet to set up Austrian HQ to operate EU flights after Brexit—legal uncertainty on ability to fly between UK & EU 
UK is incapable of managing Brexit and calamity will follow—failed to prepare for any of the necessary compromises pic.twitter.com/RW3wHvc71U 
#Brexit is not all about FTAs: Border controls can also severely harm UK manufacturers!#remain #stopbrexit 
BREXIT BOOST: Morrisons and Co-op now only sell British meat. 
Now @vincecable is leading the move for realism & an end to Brexit.Tories & Labour will soon need to play catch up 
"REAL BREXIT, NOT hard Brexit, NOT soft Brexit, REAL BREXIT. We voted to leave, very simple"   ~Nigel Farage#Brexit #RealBrexit 
#Brexit means more economic freedom and international prosperity—the UK must reject a "soft Brexit."  
As with much else in the Brexit negotiations, Britain’s problem is that it holds the weaker hand  
Six months ago I predicted the UK would pay a massive BREXIT feeTories cannot be trusted on the EUThey have betrayed us from the start 
Corbyn's beginning to sound a lot like Theresa May. A 'Jobs First Brexit' is his 'Strong & Stable' - meaningless rhetoric. #brexitshambles 
Bloody Brexit.  
Tory  “power grab” row intensifies after publication of Brexit bill, looking after England first It's the Tory way  
The racist viscount jailed for inciting violence against anti-Brexit campaigner Gina Miller  
Ireland's new Taoiseach Leo Varadkar has said that he is "very much opposed" to a referendum on a united Ireland.  
The line has been drawn!’ Brexit negotiations STANDOFF as Brussels make HUGE legal demand. Its bullshit. Walk away. Don´t give a milimetre 
Exclusive: Toyota made UK investment decision after Brexit reassurances - sources  
Reasons people voted Labour. I'm looking for 'their position on Brexit' - can't find it.  
Very clear now that the 'will of the people' is not for hard Brexit, if indeed for Brexit at all. When will govt/Lab catch up?  
 @acgrayling before, and after #Brexit. x  
Why the spectre of a hard Brexit has European airlines so worried  
UK insists EU to have custody of Farage at weekends in Brexit divorce settlement  via @@RochdaleHerald 
Even Norway deal inside Single Market & CU is much worse than Remain. *Duty* to Brexit because of Ref result is misconceived & perverse.  
Opinion ranks Norway-style deal above Remain  Shows public don't understand Norway deal or feel bound by referendum 
Scared about your human rights after Brexit? You should be | Schona Jolly  
Oooh, things are getting interesting for Remain. Cable is publically very anti brexit.  
What concerns me is that anyone would put #brexit over climate change... 
Scotland and Wales are working together to fight Theresa May's Brexit  
A play based on Of Mice and Men in which Lenny is a brainwashed Brexit voter saying "Tell me about sovereignty again" would be good  
A sticky situation has turned into a real jam after a proposal that Germany oversee marmalade regulation post-Brexit  
"Brexit means Brexit" is only good for the Tories, NOT for the UK. 
UK politics at the moment is like some badly acted pantomime to explain to thick people, in different ways, that Brexit is doomed 
Excoriating piece by @IanDunt, currently the best analyst of Brexit/UK politics by a mile IMHO via @politics_co_uk 
Theresa May accused of using Brexit to try and scrap people's rights  
Productive meeting with my Irish counterpart @Paschald this afternoon, where we discussed #Brexit and the UK/Irish relationship.  
."Need for unity among those against Brexit". 
RT @GordonFThomas Name one Leave campaign promise still standng.#Brexit 
Petition Update - Jeremy Corbyn MP: My vote for Labour was NOT a vote for Brexit - Sign the Petition!  
Corbyn meets EU Brexit Negotiator Michel Barnier. Corbyn has no executive power in the UK. Barnier is playing him. For EU ends. 
People getting themselves in a tizzy but:1) Brexit is the biggest threat to the UK since WW22) The EU Ref was to appease the hard-right  
Delighted to meet @PhilipHammondUK to discuss Ireland-UK economic relations, Brexit and much else.  
'Any veto on the Catalan #economy would go against Spain's own interest' says MEP Tremosa  #Catalonia #referendum 
A bit of #Brexit reading material for the weekend, folks. This week's Scotland in Europe update is here: 
Sterling recovering on the view that Brexit is looking increasingly unlikely to happen. 
Brexit: Warning of 'constitutional crisis' over repeal bill  
When #Brexit occurs - #EU will have to spread its Import Tariff Quotas among the remaining 27, guaranteeing some 'interesting' conversations 
Like the lout who bandied words such as "piccaninny" & "watermelon smile" & claimed then POTUS only opposed Brexit as he was "part-Kenyan".  
‘Stop Brexit scaremongering!’ Ireland’s biggest threat comes from INSIDE EU, MP says  
What is a "hardline Remainer". If you are for Remain, you are for Remain. There are no shades to it. There are only shades to Brexit.  
Barclays in talks to expand Dublin office post-Brexit  
HA!Cabinet NOW split over *transition period*#BrexitFox (TDFDS) says  *a few months* (Bloomberg)Davis says *2 yrs*Hammond says *4yrs* 
Marmalade Brexit row spreads as German MEP preserves humour  
The Labour Brexit team arriving in Brussels yesterday, as the Tories continue to flounder and bluster 
Yes v. good that senior moderate Remain Tory Parliamentarians are regrouping& campaigning to stop destructive hard BREXIT. I'm still hoping  
Poll after poll after poll shows the majority in the UK wish to stay in the EU and want #brexit scrapped. So why pander to the minority? 
Graffiti in Kashmir is a referendum enough for India to realise that it has failed Kashmir. Kashmir belongs with Pakistan!  
"The day the whistling ended"Post by me on Boris Johnson and Brexit up shortly. 
Brits would rather stay in the EU than crash out with a ‘hard Brexit’ 
Brexit is 'the' political misjudgement of the past 70 years, it has turned the UK into a global laughing stock, and that's really not funny.  
"Rights don’t often seem as though they matter, until they do." My thoughts on #RepealBill, Brexit & #humanrights 
Stopping Brexit is easy. In law the referendum was advisory, and no-one now claims any of Leave's promises were true. So just cancel it. 
Do you think the UK Tory Government have ignored the devolved administrations reference to #Brexit because they only care about England 
And now it appears a second meeting may have taken place before they all flew off to London for Brexit vote...  
One of the best universities in Britain is opening a campus in Germany after Brexit  
More #brexit job losses for #Britain : 
Top Scots Tory calls for an end to calamitous Brexit as Scottish farmers face post-EU wipe-out.  
Barclays confirm talks to make Dublin its EU hub post-Brexit  
Scared about your human rights after Brexit? You should be | Schona Jolly  
Legislation has been introduced in Ireland to allow referendum to remove the offense of blasphemy from Constitution. 
We are going to face a massive employment crisis after Brexit  
1- These posters were made by an individual from a company without Referendum committee approval opposite to Preisnt Barzani instructions.  
Trump in Germany, Trump in France, Trump not in the UK... Has the UK been sidelined due to Brexit? 
Government to launch "Kids for Britain" initiative to encourage teenagers to have more babies to replace lost migrant workers due to Brexit 
More Project Fear #Brexit Scaremongering from a Times Hack  
Times Journalist Claims Brexit Will Put Up Price of Prostitutes  
A Second Meeting took place at Trump Tower the following week before they all went off to London for Brexit...  You are so screwed!! 
After repeatedly claiming a hard Brexit would be good for Wales, Cairns now using risk of hard Brexit to try to undermine Welsh democracy.  
EasyJet's new airline is a clever and expensive response to Brexit  
BOMBSHELL Report!Veselnitskaya, Goldstone & Agalarova Traveled from NYC to UK For Brexit Then Back to NYC! 
I know 4 British people + myself, all 25-30 who have left due to #Brexit. We all have PhD's in science/engineering. UK is haemorrhaging. 2/2 
Theresa May grabs power to remove EU citizens in 'no deal' Brexit  
Scotland and Wales vote to block consent for Brexit repeal bill  
What happened to "we won't pay a single penny"?? It's almost as if it was all a load of bollocks. #Brexit 
David Davis: Britain will continue making payments to the EU after Brexit  
Weren't these the obstacles we predicted in "Project Fear"? And aren't we offering the best possible solution? Reverse the idiocy of Brexit. 
During the referendum, you said brexit was for "the little people".That wasn't quite true was it? 
Three years in Oslo. Not the title of a new Scandi TV thriller but my take on the most sensible Brexit transition:  
Brexit means MORE Austerity not less. With falling tax revenues comes more cuts to vital public services. #StopBrexit and end the madness. 
Fight Scotland's corner? They spent the GE fighting against the idea that we should have a choice over the future of our country post-Brexit 
I don't know why @edballs and the Remain side keep trying to rewrite the history of the referendum, you lost, get over it  
The Lib Dems are watching and waiting for the Brexit deal to unravel   
Referendums can be an excuse for rulers to bypass democratic checks & balances in the name of carrying out the 'will of the people'#Brexit 
At least #Brexit is exposing the lie that the Tories are the party of economic competence. 
Good article on repeal bill. Shows why Brexit was right. Governments making laws we don't like can be replaced. 
Watch – May take some tips! Corbyn charms EU’s Brexit negotiator…by giving him an Arsenal shirt  
BACKTRACK: British government now says it will pay Brussels Brexit divorce cash. Weak. 
Apparently @NicolaSturgeon doesn't want to hijack Brexit, she wants to sabotage it.  
Robert Shrimsley: Your country needs you. Be a part of the Brexit patriot act  
"Hard" Brexit compared to British appeasement of Adolf Hitler before WWII by a senior government advisor  
With the UK trying 2 reduce the deficit & organise a sensible Brexit , France has installed a biz focused govt. NOW is not the time 4Marxism 
Theresa May 'trying to scrap people's rights by exploiting Brexit'  
Will there be a second Brexit referendum? Views on that might be changing  
Consider doing this to your home to ward off Liberals, Remainiacs and any other evil spirits! #Brexit  
How can anyone want to Brexit after seeing this!, c'est magnifique.  
What we are witnessing is not negotiation with the EU over Brexit. We are witnessing abject surrender.When 17.4...  
The most significant constitutional crisis in more than 30 years - @tormeysimon explains his view on the messy Brexit negotiations.  
#Brexit is dying is front of our eyes. It was never meant to be and cannot be sustained. Share our post today:  
This week we took a step closer to Brexit with the #GreatRepealBill, & human rights didn’t come up much. Read more ↓ 
Brexit really sunk the value of the £  
Your country needs you: Brexit’s patriot act  via @FT 
Ignorance is going to ruin Great Britain. Brexit is bad for the UK and it's businesses, not the EU. The British public should look up hubris 
Well, they need to @jeremycorbyn, so they can put it towards the €100Bn divorce settlement we will need to pay for the Brexit you want.   
All I ask of a political party is for clarity on where it stands; I can then support it or not. What exactly is Labour's position on Brexit? 
... example of why the value of a Brexit transition deal diminishes rapidly unless signed rather soon - ie this year 
"No UK politician dares, even guardedly, to question whether Brexit still makes sense." 
Top govt adviser who compared #Brexit to appeasing Nazis’ told to quit.  
ie UKs largest airline doesnt want to rely on Government assertion of Brexit aviation deal, prepares for "No deal"  
Britain is incapable of managing Brexit and calamity will follow  via @FT 
#Brexit is like #Trumpcare in the US. Most politicos now know it's crazy. But they're afraid of losing their jobs. 
The Great Repeal Bill is a civil rights violation designed to subvert democracy. We should ALL be uniting against it #Labour #Remain #Brexit pic.twitter.com/i7j1mnZJMB 
The 'obstacles being thrown' are as a result of Brexit  Obstacles that were forewarned by 'Project Fear'. How bloody dim are these people?  
Wages going up because of Brexit? How terrible that lower paid workers are going to be better off. Remainers must be spitting feathers!  
#Brexit more & more about duplicating what we already have: EasyJet picks Austrian base for post-Brexit plan - BBC   
Theresa May accused of exploiting Brexit to scrap people's rights  
Most of the pro- #Brexit views expressed in UK are not consistent with the word “euroscepticism”. Scepticism is doubt about truth of 1/x 
Tory MPs team up with Labour to stop Theresa May's Brexit  
Direct question for you @BorisJohnson - give 3 ways UK will be better with #Brexit. No soundbite platitudes. RT everyone until we get answer 
After today's reshuffle, Catalan government is now ready to cross the Rubicon and culminate the process with binding referendum on #1Oct. 
Hard Brexit is a mistake like appeasing Adolf Hitler - Government advisor  
Weird argument that to modernise UK need to go through calamity of Brexit. Not an acceptable plan for my children   
QUISLING>Remainer MPs 'derailing' Brexit are 'increasing' hard Brexit chances, says Liam Fox  
March - "Scottish Secretary guarantees extra powers after Brexit"July - "No extra powers for Scotland after Brexit" 
Whatever happens with #Brexit around half the population will feel bitter and betrayed. That is the evil of those who pushed the idea. 
Estimates by serious economists are that 60% of Scotland's farms will go bankrupt within a decade of #Brexit. Rural economy in crisis. 
. John Harris ignores the fact that if #Brexit goes through half the population will feel betrayed#StopBrexit 
Britain is incapable of managing Brexit and calamity will follow  via @FT 
Delighted to join other EU diplomats and Ambassadors to discuss a range of issues including Brexit with @MayorofLondon Sadiq Khan. 
Brexiters r lying again saying that it's 2 late to stop Brexit. LIES! Brexit can be stopped - the people must have their voice heard.  
(3/3) A hard Brexit will hurt our economy & cost us the Japan deal & access to the EU’s existing pool of trade deals w/ 54 other countries! 
. @johnmcdonnellMP ("One of this country's most dangerous men")'frustrating Brexit' in order to OUST @theresa_may 
15 Conservative MPs are reportedly in talks with Labour about a deal to keep free movement after Brexit  
Corbyn also said PM shouldnt claim his voters in mandate for her Brexit plan: "she has no business speaking up for 13m people voting Labour" 
#Brexit plan has more holes in it than a string vest! Time to stop now and reform EU from within. #BrexitIsBroken @StopBrexit17 @guardian 
EasyJet picks Austrian base for post-Brexit plan  
EasyJet is launching a new European airline to get around Brexit  
@Rachael_Swindon @UKDemockery As Brexit descends into farce we meet the Murdoch puppets running the show  
EasyJet: lost £80m to Brexit, now spending £10m on Austrian HQ. Learn German. Oh, but u can't work in EU any more..  
We. Voted. To. Remain. It's not the SNP & Labour who are anti-Brexit, it's the people you are supposed to represent you arrogant fool. 
.@Conservatives finally accept they must pay #Brexit bill on leaving EU.  
.@UKandEU one of the many gendered consequences of marginalising feminist voices in EU research and during the EU referendum campaign.  
Repeal Bill, horse before cart! 1st sort out Brexit or transition plan & Ireland.  Its like giving an exam mark before sitting the exam! 
Chairman Kagame on critics: Pretending not to know the will expressed by the people during the referendum would be a lie, not democracy 
A work colleague told me this week he plans on retiring to Italy. He voted for #brexit. I'll let him discover the flaw in his plan. 
Brexit negotiations day 106:"Buy our Jam""No""Personwhowantstobuyallourjamsayswhat""what?""THESE NEGOTIATIONS ARE OVER" 
#UPDATE EasyJet applies for a new air operator's certificate in Austria to continue flying in the EU after Brexit  
.@easyJet plans new airline to fly in EU post-#Brexit 
Brexit so far:Noisy kid on plane allowed into meet the pilots.Captain lets kid touch controlsPlane plummetsKid in restraints 
#FT Britain is incapable of managing Brexit and calamity will follow.  
Great analysis by @PeatWorrier in @ScotNational of the "bomb under devolution" created by yesterday's Brexit Bil  
Just cancel Brexit, the people who'll be pissed off would be pissed off anyway and they seem to enjoy it more. 
Theresa Mays brexit plan:  
I didn't vote for a hard or soft Brexit...I voted to leave the European Union  and become an independent country. 
What's good about the intervention from Lord Adonis is that it effectively invokes treason.Because that is exactly what Brexit is. 
Rees-Mogg has warned voters about Remainers hoping to keep Britain attached to the EU by pushing for a soft Brexit  
WATCH | @Nigel_Farage puts @EdBalls in his place over claim that Brexit vote wasn't clear.Not sure if he's a worse liar or dancer!  
The UK has conceded for the first time that it will have to pay the EU after Brexit  
David Davis admits today that payments to the EU will carry on after Brexit. Is this what 'taking back control' looks like?  
Brexit at Tiffany's #terrifyingmusicals 
Equal pay laws could be scrapped after Brexit, women's rights groups warn #LeaveWatch 
The frustration of having loved ones who support this government and Brexit is impossible to put into words but I found this.  
Britain is incapable of managing Brexit and calamity will follow  via @FT 
How many ways are there of telling the fatally deluded that Brexit is dead? 
The hard-right & far-right are angry because Lord Adonis said Brexit is a mistake on a scale with Nazi appeasement in the 1930s. He's right 
'Absolute baloney!' Farage bashes Ed Balls for claims Brexit terms were not clear to Brits  
blog: As the national mood shifts,a reminder that the £350m for the NHS was just one of many many Brexit lies   
#Brexit was not about economics, it was about #sovereignty, & #immigration.  The #BBC ignores that and prefers to paint a picture of  doom 
The referendum can only legitimately be undone with another one - no clever games in Westminster. I accept that. 
Turns out the Venerable Bede *does* have a perspective on Brexit.  
No. "Brexit is awful, but we have to do it anyway because people will riot," is the worst take. 
A call to @NicolaSturgeon . Never mind the Tories. Get your Adam Ant outfit on, get on your horse and get Brexit hijacked. 
#BastilleDay seems a good day to tell you a bit more about Philipps, the UK aristocrat who offered £5k to kill an anti-Brexit campaigner.  
#Germany offers #Britain an 'open door' to cancel #Brexit  via @bi_politics 
EasyJet to set up Austrian base to operate EU flights after Brexit  
Goodnight Luton, hello Vienna: easyJet's post-Brexit European HQ to be Austria's capital. Inflight Sachertorte soon? 
Easyjet just announced it's opening a base outside the UK because of Brexit  
How many MPs would be willing to put themselves & their families through what Gina Miller is going through by opposing #Brexit?#StopBrexit 
EasyJet picks Austrian base for post-Brexit plan  
Tory MPs team up with Labour to stop Theresa May's Brexit  
The domination of Labour by this pseudo-Leninist cult is the only thing keeping #Brexit alive now.  
“It is plain to every impartial observer that #Brexit is a disaster, and promises yet worse,” says @acgrayling 
Low tax, Pro-Business Brexit *is* a Jobs-1st BrexitPvt Sector delivering record employmentLabour:Clueless on BrexitChaos #ForTheMany 
F1 chiefs strongly deny British Grand Prix affected by Brexit  
MPs are calling for Lord Adonis to be sacked as a Government adviser after he compared Brexit to Nazi appeasement.  
180000 jobs rely directly on the British car industry 640000 jobs rely indirectly.Brexit will sink this industry  
BREXIT: Lots of talk of traitors and treason on the comments pages of MailOnline today…  
They vowed to 'oppose a 2nd referendum' and talked a lot about the Scots gov't. Meet the Scots Tory MPs. My PA piece.  
I see the Tories are in the press today warning @theSNP against opposing the UK Government for selling out Scotland during #Brexit process. 
The Great Repeal Bill is vital for Brexit, so Remainers are throwing all they can at it  
With Brexit deterring EU nurses and scrapping bursaries deterring U.K. trainees, how would policy differ if Govt *wanted* a shortage? 
ITS REFERENDUM DAY BE HONEST HOW WOULD YOU VOT NOW ON 15TH JULY 2017 RETWET AFTER VOTING 
Brexit: A view from Germany. The EU will be the only loser if it plays games over Britain's departure.  
The mad complexity of Repeal Bill-a gift for 1000s of costly lawyers/bureaucrats from small state Brexiteers-is reason enough to stop Brexit 
"Soft Brexit" advocates will wake up to the hardest landing imaginable if they block the Bill, warns @HughRBennett 
Trying to defend Brexit?  
We are going to face a massive employment crisis after Brexit  
The only thing the #RepealBill shows us is that this show of a Government has no plan to protect people's jobs through #Brexit. Shameful.  
This is a good explainer on the dangers the Brexit Repeal Bill poses for parliamentary democracy from @IanDunt. 
Repeal bill allows ministers to pretty much do whatever they want as long as they can claim it's about Brexit  
The airline easyJet has applied for a new air operator's certificate in Austria to allow it to continue flying in the EU after Brexit 
#BREAKING EasyJet sets up new company in Austria to prepare for Brexit 
Tories: I can't believe Andrew Adonis would compare Brexit to appeasement of Hitler.Also Tories: And he is just like Hitler btw  
In San Sebastián with @IzaskunBilbaoB at #Eurobasque conference. We discuss Brexit and the opportunities it provides to reform our Union.  
It's really odd when u have something as damaging as Brexit, but press in Scotland appear to want to spin it all on SNP 
Bad for Brexit, bad for democracy - a damning @guardian editorial on the Govt's Repeal Bill: 
Viscount jailed for offering money for killing of Gina Miller. What is it about Brexit nutters?  
'Be honest, it's just MEDDLING' Ferrari blasts Sturgeon over Brexit mission in Brussels  
Reject the chancers and their fantasy visions of post-Brexit trade  
@nickreeves9876 @Independent Well Brexit story is one of intimidation. Here the other Nazi echoing egregious example.  
No #brexit negotiation before trade talks, they said. No payments to EU, they said. Remind me why anyone trusts Davis et al?  
Cluelessness, self comforting fantasy and a 'make it up as we go along' is what drives Brexit.  
Great to meet with farmers at the Royal Yorkshire Show to discuss priorities for the Brexit negotiations #BackBritishFarming 
Scotland and Wales bow to block Theresa May's Brexit  
Q&A: Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar on Brexit, Trump and Ireland's place in the world  
Brexit is clearly a terrible idea. But it has to happen | John Harris  
EU payments will go on after Brexit, Davis concedes - So about taking back control of our money... (£)  
Let me make this plain, I am no wishy-washy Lefty wet liberal, I oppose brexit because it is f****** stupid, simples! 
Martin Wolf brilliant today on calamity of hard Brexit. This is what I mean by 'worst mistake since 1930s':  via @FT 
'now we are starting to see clear evidence that the #Brexit vote has been bad for the economy' & a clear explanation  
Thanks for all the votes. Remainers: I have taken note of your concerns. Brexiteers: we've got a lot of hard work to do to get our #Brexit! 
The outrageous handling of the Article 50 question showed that 'restoration of Parliamentary sovereignty' was never a Brexit objective. 
Are you ready for a Brexit-fuelled exodus? Here's why some people - like me - are planning ahead....   
Unlike Jeremy, 68% of Labour members want a 2nd referendum.  
There is absolutely no excuse for this level of well-reasoned, fact-based, analysis on the topic of #Brexit.Lord Adonis must go. #r4today 
A comfort to see Scots and Welsh govts - cross-party, too - unite on defending devo from Brexit power grabs.   
More warped reasoning from Lord Adonis on @BBCr4today: Brexit economic consequences on workers: no that is uncontrolled migration & his HS2 
This is precisely why a lot of people voted for Brexit.  
Meanwhile in NI despite 2 elections, we're left completely disenfranchised, without a voice, without representation in the face of #Brexit  
Falling apart... today's @Independent cartoon. #TheresaMay #chocolateorange #Brexit #GreatRepealBill 
TODAY: Our state-sponsored attack on the NHS continues. If we can’t have Brexit then we’ll make sure we have privatised healthcare instead.  
Lord Adonis says Brexit is a mistake on a scale with British Nazi appeasement in the 1930s. It takes courage to speak such truth to power. 
Thank you to @Keir_Starmer for speaking at the CER this morning on the key issues in the Brexit negotiations  
Scotland and Wales to withhold legislative consent from Theresa May's Brexit Repeal Bill, first ministers say  
Wonder if #Brexit will be a swear word one day?Or if someone wilfully did something tragic, catastrophic people will say they did a Brexit 
All part of an Establishment led economy. - Cheap labour- No sick pay- No workers rights- DisposableWait until after Brexit.....!  
Theresa May's plans for a hard Brexit don't have the backing of the British public, new research shows  
Corbyn's EU interference could WRECK Brexit and see us leave WITHOUT deal, Rees-Mogg says  
Theresa May accused of exploiting Brexit to scrap people's rights  
May has little or no mandate for Brexit,it's clearly calamitous in practically every respect.Let's have another referendum NOW! @acgrayling 
An American wrote this Twitter thread on Brexit and it's eye-opening  
BREXIT: Tory MPs 'involved in Labour plot to keep free movement of people'. 
But Remainers have been pushed aside @ChukaUmunna working for Brexit based on jobs, economy & common sense  
Latest from me: Brexit is clearly a terrible idea... but it has to happen.  
DUP's recklessness in giving a blank Brexit cheque to Tory Government exposed by EU Repeal Bill – Stormont MLA @JohnODowdSF 
FARAGE: EU realises Britain has upper hand in Brexit negotiations and wants to divide us. 
I think 'Brexit is bad but we have to do it anyway' is my least favourite of all the opinions. Lazy, defeatist & masochistic. 
May sidelined by Brexit, Merkel handicapped by election campaign -- Macron takes the opportunity to present France as key European US ally. 
I think @ScotNational has a tad more accurate description of what's going on here re #Brexit  
"Brexit: UK could be 'associate' of EU nuclear body" Like so many Brexit things, effectively we pay more to get less  
Spanish business leaders suggest UK could be global trade hub post-Brexit.  
There is no good Brexit. A true jobs-first policy would keep UK in the EU  
UKIP MEP puts #Brexit poll on Twitter. Definitely doesn't get the result she wanted. Still time for you all to make it worse! :)  
See @TheNewEuropean: mechanisms for stopping Brexit. Don't give up the fight: Brexit is crumbling. 
Four separate 'acid attacks' in London, the police say they are linked. Wonder who it could be? #MAGA #Brexit #DC 
Scottish and Welsh governments threatening to block UK Government's #RepealBill  #Brexit 
The people of #WestPapua are demanding an internationally observed independence referendum. #LetWestPapuaVote pic.twitter.com/Ix7yHhXCUp 
European Financials hit a 2-year high, up 64% from post-Brexit lows. 10-yr Bund yields moved from -20 bps to 60 bps.  
The Brexit Trolls are running scared. We are winning. Convert the Soft Brexit supporters to Remain and #StopBrexit 
Blundering our way to oblivion #Brexit  
Theresa May's plans for a hard Brexit don't have the backing of the British public, new research shows  
"Britain is incapable of managing Brexit and calamity will follow" | Martin Wolf at his most optimistic.  via @FT 
The British government unveils the first piece of legislation to make Brexit a reality  
Wasn't this the whole issue about the EU referendum and the sovereignty of Parliament?  
There's plenty more examples. Plus there's a whole army of liberal Leavers who's stated aim was EEA & who'd rather Remain than hard Brexit.  
david attenborough said "three meters long" and the netflix subtitles said "nine feet long" this is the ultimate brexit 
As a Remainer, I wake up each day and am disappointed at the folly of Brexit. But I'm proud to be part of the 16m who knew better.  
"Of course you oppose Brexit, you're a smug liberal""Well, yeah, now you've proved me right about fucking everything, of course I'm smug" 
Honestly if you could sell told-ya-so then maybe we wouldn't be so screwed by Brexit after all.  
What good news? Anyone heard any Brexit good news? Has The Beano started covering Brexit?  
13, I feel sorry for them, but others should not bear the brunt of their loss. The insecurity has spawned Brexit, intolerance & rage. 
I'd so love one day to get to debate that tedious expenses exploiting Brexit charlatan Farage.  
Never forget. The Repeal Bill is the reason for Brexit, not the other way around.#averybritishcoup 
Tell @JeremyCorbyn TWICE as many #Labour voters DON'T want #Brexit as do  No twaddle abt 'respecting' #BigFib #EUref! 
Some people in this country so afraid of Brexit, the EU is fighting so hard to make us stay because they need us more than we need them 
"Labour wants Tariff free access to the SM. This is very different to a destructive Tory #Brexit  which is accessing the SM without tariffs"  
Prof of EU law says: "if it is possible for the UK to change its mind on Euratom, it can change its mind on Brexit." 
Say a Brexit farewell to UKs car industry  
The disaster that is #Brexit & far left takeover of @UKLabour is why brave moderates in Labour should join forces with @LibDems En Marche! 
More Confirmation that Corbyn will stop #Labour opposing hard brexit.Labour voters sold a pup.  
Straight talking Jeremy Corbyn changing his position on Brexit yet again. Wonder what his position will be tomorrow.  
#Brexit #Remain #StopBrexitPoll: Do you trust this Tory government to protect our basic rights? 
"When a hard Brexit means hurtling over the cliff’s edge & a soft Brexit means paying for EU membership but having no say ... call a halt"  
It's time to nail Corbyn and McDonell on their support for Brexit, good and hard, and time and time again. In the national interest. 
Is UK's lack of planning for Brexit now violating Gov's legal duty to protect human life?  
Unbelievable - Corbyn not only can't state a Brexit position, he can't even say he'll honour what he pledged in his own manifesto.  
Rees-Mogg: Any attempt to secure a soft Brexit is punishing voters who chose to quit the political projectCorrect!  
Have to say the Osborne @EveningStandard editorials are making a compelling case over the beserk recklessness of #brexit  
Martin Wolf in brutal form: Britain is incapable of managing Brexit and calamity will follow  vía @FT 
Time to end the Brexit madness. Labour voters don't want go though with Brexit. Labour voters back remain. #StopBrexit 
"Yuck, this is not Brexit at all" splutters @Nigel_Farage in his #bbctw filmHe joins @afneil @edballs and #choochoo live 11.45pm @BBCOne 
Q: what type of bacteria is brexit Britain ? A: europathogenic E.coliSorry 
Corbyn goes to see Barnier about BREXIT. Disgraceful. He is not PM so doesn't represent the UK. Wholly unacceptable. 
Q: What does Corbyn's Brexit look like?A: Remain 
Theresa May accused of trying to scrap people's rights after Brexit  
Westminster is running everything for Scotland. Brexit, the return of EU powers, Trident and Benefits. We're living the Labour dream. 
This repeal bill allows grossly incompetent fools like @DavidDavisMP crass unlimited power, all they have to say is it's to do with Brexit. 
My new Guardian column on the chancers and their fantasy visions of post-Brexit trade | Martin Kettle  
Frothing at the mouth anti #Brexit agenda from SNP/Labour. No engagement to deliver best deal for Scotland just ranting & raving #scotnight 
It's time for @UKLabour and @jeremycorbyn to get off the fence and listen to its voters. It's time to put a end to Brexit. #EndBrexit 
.Can you hear?Listen.Nope?No, I agree - no whistling soundJust sound of gasps from the Brexit reality-deniers. 
Mariano Rajoy called the plans for a Catalan independence referendum "authoritarian delirium"  
The National Audit Office says the Government is only just starting to realise how difficult Brexit will be  
Brexit BOOM! British exports in RECORD SURGE after vote to ditch the EU, new figures show  
Corbyn's EU interference could WRECK Brexit deal... and save us BILLIONS, says Rees-Mogg  
Exactly right ...read it... EU Withdrawal Bill: explained in 200 words - Brexit - Repeal Bill - The SNP  
Hey Mr Wetherspoon @jdwtweet you told us Remainers to put a sock in it, well here's a pair! #Putasockinit #Brexit #StopBrexit #Remain  pic.twitter.com/fdfKZus5WV 
Brexit bill to cause constitutional clash with Scotland and Wales  
Britain's beat political & economic commentator on why Brexit must be stopped  
Jeremy, no sane Labour voter wants to #Brexit. The best deal is to stay in EU.  
THE TIMES FRONT PAGE: "We'll block Brexit laws, warn Scots and Welsh" #skypapers 
When Brexit happens and we lose jobs, houses and cival rights the government will say that's what we voted for and they'd be right #Dumbass 
We are going to face a massive employment crisis after Brexit  
Remainers demanding 'soft Brexit' are 'PUNISHING' voters, blasts Rees-Mogg  
What will get a better #Brexit deal, insulting the people we have to negotiate with or building good relationships?  
The saving grace of this Brexit farce is that every negative detail of it moves us that much closer to a chance to escape. Carpe diem. 
Great piece on Brexit and the Irish border, at @TheEconomist: 
IPOB: Yes BIAFRA:Yes REFERENDUM:Yes RESTRUCTURING:No #Referendum4Biafra with immediate alacrity.We're tired of living a Zoo 
Martin Wolf: The UK is incapable of managing Brexit and calamity will follow  
If Daniel Levy gets £60m for Eric Dier he should be put in charge of Brexit negotiations. 
As it's clear that it will be a total disaster do you want the @UKLabour to work towards stopping Brexit? @Keir_Starmer @jeremycorbyn Pls RT 
#Brexit reminds us that the greatest threat to our democracy, rights and liberties is national government, not the EU.#StopBrexit #Remain 
The Repeal bill a massive theft of power by the executive from Parliament and the devolved administrations #Brexit 
The Repeal Bill - another attempt by this government to use #Brexit to hugely inflate executive powers #StopBrexit 
Boris said "go whistle" earlier this week. Yet more evidence he is damaging our chances of a good Brexit deal.   
Rees-Mogg blasts Remoaners demanding 'soft Brexit' to remain in EU & just 'PUNISHING' voters who chose to quit EU. 
Anthony Hilton: Why Brexit will sink the UK’s car industry  
...which is why we must stop Brexit.  
For all the complaints about Repeal Bill, the stark truth is that there is no alternative to such an Act, if Brexit is to be done at speed. 
Thanks to @davidallengreen for setting the record straight here on post #Brexit trade   
Green groups call for overhaul of repeal bill to safeguard environment after Brexit  
Breaking: As Britain concedes it will have to pay the EU's 'Brexit bill', Boris Johnson's new bus is spotted on the M20.  
TONIGHT: It's @bbckamal's first time presenting #newsnight - join him at 22:30 on BBC Two for discussions on Grenfell, Brexit and Liu Xiaobo  
Silence of Scottish media lambs abt sheer negligence of UK govt they said was so essential to maintain is truly deafening #brexit #scotref 
Only arguments you still hear for #Brexit are from those who'll gain, or those who don't realise what they'll lose  
Scotland & Wales to withhold legislative consent on Theresa Mays Brexit Repeal Bill, first ministers say #unraveling 
ExFC Barcelona star Xavi compares democratic deficit in Qatar with Spain's ban on Catalan Referendum Tweet:i  
Up to 60% of Scottish farm income comes from EU grants which will end after Brexit. UK Gvt refusing to clarify if payments will be devolved. 
Theresa May's Brexit nightmare begins in the Autumn: When she wakes up she won't be Prime Minister.. 
.@NicolaSturgeon calls #Brexit Repeal Bill a 'crude power grab'  
11 hours left to ensure that Diane James continues to be upset by the result of her poll #Brexit #Remain #StopBrexit 
In Crossmaglen this evening with German TV crew making documentary on Brexit &the border. Huge interest from world media! #NoBrexitNoBorders 
Where on earth would the UK be without our crack team of #Brexit negotiators  
The UK just conceded for the first time that it will have to pay the EU after Brexit  
Hi @DavidMundellDCT can you tell us which powers will return to Scotland after Brexit, please? Ta.  
Extraordinary response to crucial question: acknowledges universities already damaged & offers nothing on what happens after #brexit  
Has the EU realised Britain has the stronger Brexit hand? @Nigel_Farage has certainly noticed a change in tone  
Brexit England can simply offer to dissolve 1707 union with Scotland. Let Wales go, too. We stay, they go. Problem solved. Everyone happy.  
'As significant as the Beano?' Andrew Neil MOCKS Labour’s Brexit charter demand  
Corbyn's EU interference could WRECK Brexit deal... and save us BILLIONS, says Rees-Mogg  
Majority of Brits want to see Jeremy Corbyn involved in Brexit negotiations  
"The number of EU students planning to study in the UK has fallen by 5%"Brexit brain drain continues.  
I used to see a lot of tweets fr Brexidiots who'd do links to frivolous stories & joke "Blame Brexit" far fewer now the economy is stalling. 
#NnamdiKanu and #Biafrans has every rights to #SitAtHome and #BoycottAnambraElection until #Referendum date is fix 
If they miss getting a new Customs IT system running before Brexit, it'll cost up to £32Bn and cause chaos for imports and exports. 
Brexit will cement our status as a great trading nation' | via @telegraph 
Gardai stopping at Lifford border, I asked was there an accident. The guard said "just practising for Brexit" and laughed #Donegal #Brexit 
Back in Edinburgh at last. Tomorrow: a new FP vid on the 5 top pro saudi lobby groups & figures in the UK. #100OUR #Brexit #humanrights 
#Brexit: Remember the lies of #Leave? Let’s hold #VoteLeave to account. Please share @Jon_Danzig’s report:  
The #EU Withdrawal Bill is a profoundly depressing read & a sobering reminder of the madness of #Brexit  
Brexit discussion on @SkyNews.Two Remain MPs allowed unlimited time to waffle.One Brexit MP shouted down after saying 4 words. 
National Audit Office Warns of Brexit Customs IT Train Wreck:  (My IT experience says they're unduly optimistic!) 
Tonight's edition of #PresstvDebate discusses Brexit. Join us and watch The Debate live  
McCluskey: Workers cannot trust Tory #RepealBill while dogmatic 'red tape' manifesto pledge stands  #Brexit  
..2/2 at #Brexit could not be accepted by Devolved Administrations.  Repeal Bill , never shared till 2 weeks ago, takes precisely that route 
.@Nigel_Farage: Nicola Sturgeon wants to reverse the Brexit referendum, she wants to reverse every referendum  
EXCL Lord Adonis: Brexit could be the UK's biggest mistake since appeasing Hitler  
Ok - of many must reads this is a real candidate. Best Brexit state of play around:  
Bizarre how the Cult of Brexit has turned true-blue Tories into business-hating anti-capitalists 
Post-Brexit London is open for business (no matter how grubby)  
Why would EU Citizens bother with being second class citizens in UK when they can live, work and be equal in 27 EU Countries?BARMY BREXIT  
how much longer will this Brexit nonsense last?  
.@Nigel_Farage: Like it or not Theresa May is our Prime Minister with a Brexit agenda  #FarageOnLBC 
Jeremy & Labour calling on MPs to support a 'jobs first' Brexit as the party looks to influence the UKs EU exit deal 
Reject the chancers and their fantasy visions of post-Brexit trade | Martin Kettle  
Do interventions by Remainers make the Brexit negotiating team look weak? #FarageOnLBC 
'As significant as the Beano?' Andrew Neil MOCKS Labour’s Brexit charter demand  
How fed up are you of the Tories and Brexit? 
Jeremy presenting the chief Brexit negotiator with an Arsenal shirt 
We're going through all this Brexit bollocks because of Tory party unity - never lose sight of that ludicrous fact! #CrumblingBrexit 
Brexit Britain is morphing from a laughing stock to an irrelevance. 
Here's Jeremy Corbyn giving chief Brexit negotiator Barnier the Labour Manifesto and an Arsenal shirt  
'Whom the Gods wish to destroy they first make mad'. Britain is incapable of managing Brexit & calamity will follow  
The referendum on Sept. 12 will provide a mandate for the independence Kurdistan has long been owed. By @azizkahmad 
Government announces nationwide yes/no referendum on halving income tax, plus free beer for all. “You are the experts now.” 
Rewriting laws without votes in parliament? That's how British laws could be decided when we Brexit. RETWEET so everyone knows!  
So, tonight, I am presenting my first (and possibly last, depending on how it goes) @BBCNewsnight Grenfell, Brexit and Peter Perrett appear 
.@kennyfarq have I missed your ‘aren’t all these new powers Holyrood’s getting from #Brexit marvellous?’ tweet? Can’t seem to locate it  
.Alternative Headline:Jeremy Corbyn goes to Brussels to set out Labour's Brexit sellout of its voters, young&old. 
Pro-EU MPs need as a group to challenge the whole basis of Brexit misjudgement, misinformation and misconceptions.  
Brexit begins! Repeal Bill to be published as Davis vows UK will have 'MAXIMUM control'  
The FT's Martin Wolf on the "spectacular mess" that is Brexit: The Brexiteers are the Jacobins of UK politics - and Britain is a shambles  
Brexit as a boxed setMe on the significance of the repeal bill, at @FT 
I can't see anyone who is now directly involved with Brexit ever being forgiven. 
Small print of repeal bill creates unprecedented new powers for Brexit minister.  
Kogi Recall: INEC Seeks Vacation Of Court Order Halting Referendum On Dino Melaye @inecnigeria @Dino_Melaye READ:  
He's being modest here. I'm pretty sure all of David Davis job is running contingency planning operations if Brexit goes wrong.  
This victim signalling arse thinks because some people voted for Brexit that Brextremists should fill all the positions of power. Telling.  
."Brexit is dying & with every month that passes, the Remain side of the argument becomes stronger"#NoBrexit 
Rewriting laws without votes in parliament? That's how British laws could be decided when we Brexit. RETWEET so everyone knows!  
Martin Wolf: Britain is incapable of managing Brexit and calamity will follow  
More problems than solutions in Brexit repeal billBy me, at @FT  
If you really wanted to look after working class folk you'd be opposing Brexit with every fibre of your being. Shame on you 
I did happen to mention this back in January: "#Euratom: #Brexit  goes #nuclear " 
EXCL Lord Adonis: Brexit could be the UK's biggest mistake since appeasing Hitler  
Today I met Michel Barnier to discuss a jobs-first Brexit, in contrast to the race-to-the-bottom tax haven threatened by the @Conservatives 
Astonishing and terrifying in equal measure. This govt has to go and Brexit has to be stopped. NOW.  
Davis also says half of his job is running the contingency planning operation if Brexit goes wrong 
Corbyn gives EU's chief #Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier a personalised Arsenal shirt as they meet in Brussels 
In Brussels today to meet with EU Brexit negotiating team & @ukineu. Happy to briefly chat with @fmwales @jeremycorbyn & @Keir_Starmer 
Yay! No powers back to ScotlandYay! All control to MayYay! To sink us with upcoming post Brexit recession 
Brexit could cut off UK access to cancer scans and treatment, doctors warn  
Remoaner anti-Brexit campaigner QUISLING @Anna_Soubry  claims she's 'bending backwards to be helpful' 
brilliant.....men really hate women who opposed Brexit thats two in jail now. The terrorist who killed #jocox and this plonker 
BBC leads with "May Shed a Tear" while real news organisations lead on Brexit bill's executive power grab. BBC falls for it yet again. 
MPs should support the Repeal Bill’s passage through Parliament. They must not try and frustrate the Brexit process  
Brexit Britain is having an export boom!  
Dear BBC sweaty. Nothing on your site re Scotland NOT receiving any new powers after Brexit. BUT! You do tell us about naming new warplanes. 
Jeremy Corbyn presented the EU's chief Brexit negotiator with an Arsenal shirt earlier today.  
Happy to have @jeremycorbyn & @HackneyAbbott in Brussels, to discuss the #Brexit #RepealBill with our president @SergeiStanishev @UKLabour 
There is an extraordinarily broad power for ministers to basically do whatever they like if they can say it's to do with Brexit. 
Corbyn will keeping on vowing to defeat the RepealBill right up to the point he whips the PLP to vote for it #Brexit  
#BREXIT: Nicola Sturgeon flexes Scotland's muscles and slaps Tories and brexiteers down:  Remain fightback begins:  
The hyenas and jackals can take hold of Asorock  Biafra is for REFERENDUM @Amaka_Ekwo 
General poolside chat with yer Europeans seems to be: Brexit = Crazy. Scottish No Voters = Crazy. But it's giving them a laugh. 
If Corbyn wants a jobs-first Brexit, then I hope he is committed to the UK leaving the CU, so we can negotiate trade deals with the world. 
We chose to live in UK under current EU conditions. We did not chose to live under constant threat, or post Brexit europhobia. 
The 'Will of the People' is a device of dictators and demagogues seeking to delegitimise political opposition. #Brexit #Remain #StopBrexit 
The Tory government (and Jeremy Corbyn) are all too happy to piggy-back their #Brexit agendas on lies, deceit, hate and bigotry.#StopBrexit 
A racist viscount offered money for the killing of black woman Gina Miller over Brexit and he gets TWELVE WEEKS  SMH 
Yes, we have walked a way down the Brexit Road, but so much better to admit we've made a mistake, than to make so many more by staying on it 
Viscount who offered money for killing of #Brexit campaigner Gina Miller is jailed for 12 weeks 
The Single Market was Thatcher's project. The govt wants out of it to dodge the EU assault on tax avoidance#Brexit  
The #EU's chief #brexit negotiator probably has a better idea of what matters to the UK than the UK government's brexit team at this point..  
Trouble is all of us - those who voted against and those who vote for #Brexit - will all have to live in an impoverished country  
We are going to face a massive employment crisis after Brexit  
But there we are. And for the first time ever in this Brexit disaster I might genuinely just go sit in a dark corner and cry now. 12/12 
Viscount jailed for offering cash for someone to kill Brexit campaigner  
Aristocrat Rhodri Philipps sentenced to 12 weeks in prison for “run over and kill” Brexit comments  #RhodriPhilipps 
A reason why Legal Twitter is comparatively quiet today - an awful lot of heavy reading.....#Brexit 
Japan should be a #Brexit style paradise, outside the EU, free to make its trade deals. It's been economically stagnant for 20 years#Remain 
Rhodri Philipps, 4th Viscount St Davids, jailed for 12 weeks for offering cash on Facebook for someone to kill Brexit campaigner Gina Miller  
That's to do with Tory policies, NOT EU ... social inequality, poverty & homelessness will rise after #Brexit .. you're pretty confused mate 
OBR warns of £36bn #Brexit hit to public finances  
Tories turn their back on Devolved  nations Sturgeon and Jones issue warning on Brexit Repeal Bill   
The fact that Putin wants Brexit should be enough to not do it, IMHO. 
#Breaking Rhodri Philipps, 4th Viscount St Davids, sentenced to 12 weeks in prison over Facebook post about Brexit campaigner Gina Miller  
Good meetings @NicolaSturgeon, @JeremyCorbyn, @fmwales. My door is open, listen to all #Brexit views; next week negotiations with UK gov  
59% of all British people and even 48% of Tory voters want Labour included in Brexit negotiations.  
NO! NO! NO! #Labour MUST reject the Great Repeal Bill! If it doesn't it is a  betrayal of the electorate. Wake up Brexit IS DEAD! #BinBrexit 
Brexit could cost 70,000 jobs in London alone  
Corbyn gunning for a 'jobs first' Brexit as he meets EU's Barnier  
Rich extremist #Tories are using #Brexit to justify getting rid of hard-won rights & regulations designed to protect the public.#RepealBill 
Scottish and Welsh governments threaten to refuse #brexit repeal bill legislative consent -  #UKtoStay 
Can anyone give me one sensible factual reason why going ahead with Brexit is good for anyone? Anyone at all? For anything? 
‘Who needs experts?’ Brexit minister Steve Baker ignores advice over cancer fears of quitting Euratom >>  
London’s Fintech Scene Post-Brexit  via @fintech_weekly 
#Brexit is now becoming dangerous.  Scots must give themselves a shake and get on top of this.  
Levy should be negotiating for Brexit I swear. 
When I've stopped Brexit I'm just gonna tweet animal videos...  
As David Davis morphs into Henry VIII this Bill becomes his Mary Rose. It is destined to sink his undemocratic and brutal Brexit  
#Brexit Divide & Rule attempt by @GovUK has failed - Brexit bill a naked power grab, Carwyn Jones claims - BBC...  
New pod! Arguing Trump, Brexit, and the refugee crisis have led to the worst geopolitical environment since WWII  #Ad 
What Barnier says v What Britain hears#BREXIT  
A majority of Brits want to see Labour involved in Brexit negotiations  
With the clock ticking on Brexit deadline, Theresa May reveals new lead negotiator:  
Ever wondered why Leavers combust with impotent rage every time you even suggest a 2nd referendum?  
Clear , firm rejection of @GOVUK "power grab" approach to devolved nations in EU Withdrawal Bill by both Governments #Brexit  
An American wrote this Twitter thread on Brexit and it's eye-opening  
#Brexit already reinforced security of jobs for Econ hacks. Now even safer. Thanks ONS   
Gender neutral train announcements and Remoaners negotiating Brexit! UK is a laughing stock !  
Jeremy Corbyn has been ready to negotiate Brexit for 30 years.   
They ignored Le Pen who as been warning for years.lets move on with Brexit and leave them to it.. 
Corbyn has already committed to ending Freedom of Movement. That means exiting the SM. That's Hard Brexit. This is all window dressing.  
Britain takes step toward Brexit with repeal bill  
Even a small hit to growth due to Brexit could wipe away £36bn – a 1/4 of NHS budget. Theresa May shows disregard for economic consequences.  
The #Brexit detail we’ve been missing! What happens to  Pet Passports?Can Brits still take   or ferret (no ferret emoji!) on holiday? 
Like they say in #NYC: "You ask. You get."Now ask the entire nation. Again.#Bregret#Brexitvia-@jnpaquet 
The night before Brexit, 2am, Buckingham Palace: "PHILLLLIIIPPP! It says there's a bloody paper jam again."  
Brexit could cost 70,000 jobs in London alone  
Dynamic duo. The country is crying out for these two. Jacob Rees-Mogg as Prime Minister, Nigel Farage to deal with and lead Brexit.  
A disturbing aspect of Brexit is attempts to label those with a concerned voice as traitors. Historically such mentality leads to disaster. 
Not parody. Under Great Repeal Bill, Queen is going to print a copy of all the EU laws, so we know what they are, before Brexit  
Appropriate #arsenal gift from @jeremycorbyn to @MichelBarnier, defender of EU unity, committed to fair play on #Brexit, and a sports fan  
#RepealBill summarised: Loss of your fundamental rights as a human being, and more power for ministers. #FightBack #Brexit 
The Scottish and Welsh governments are refusing to give consent for this #Brexit law  
Brexit jam (letter in D Telegraph 13/7/2017  
The Repeal Bill gives the Govt sweeping 'Henry VIII' powers over Brexit. RT if you believe Parliament must not be marginalised over Brexit:  
When Brexit collapses & is abandoned, Public Inquiry must be held & hard lessons learned. Such a disgrace must never be allowed to re-occur 
Nicola Sturgeon has arrived for her Brexit talks with a cooked chicken, fishing rod and four cans of lager. 
The optimism we need to make a success of Brexit. Let's not be defeatist before we've actually left!  
Birmingham votes for Brexit.United Airlines pulls out of Birmingham International Airport.Consequences 
The EU are taking #brexit very seriously and are acting professionally. UK representatives seem to think it's a public schoolboy jape. 
Post-Brexit: At stake is not just safeguarding nuclear plant but UK energy security, scientific research & medicine  
It's becoming abundantly clear that our elected politicians haven't a clue about the ramifications of #brexit and nor do they care a jot 
Charter of Fundamental Rights NOT being transposed into UK law. Don't trust the Tories with your rights. #Brexit 
DUP agreed to become a front organisation, secretly to finance a pro Brexit campaign in mainland Britain  
Brexit Repeal Bill is "a naked power-grab, an attack on the founding principles of devolution and could destabilise our economies."  
'We'll end EU supremacy' Steve Baker says Brexit bill will halt bloc's influence on the UK  
If the #RepealBill passes in this state, people in the UK will lose rights after Brexit. It's that simple and the stakes are that high.  
UK public finances face twin threat from Brexit and downturn, says OBR  
Interesting way of framing the argument. Implies reluctance to speak ill of Brexit; like a true believer.  
#Restructuring : Hello beautiful lady, come let's plan for our wedding.#Referendum: Excuse me? I mean we are not even in a relationship. 
Free movement of artists 'must be protected' after Brexit:  via @guardian @ace_national @V_and_A 
Part of the Brexit negotiations should include all Brexiters having to learn the English language and how to use it correctly. 
.@jeremycorbyn gives EU's chief #Brexit negotiator @MichelBarnier a personalised Arsenal shirt as they meet in Brussels 
My biggest concern with post-Brexit UK is that Tories will centralise power to Westminster. The repeal bill signals that this is the plan. 
A Tory government which lost its majority will use the powers of a 16th century mad king to cling on in a 21st century democracy. #Brexit 
Jeremy Corbyn to tell EU he is ready to negotiate Brexit if Theresa May falls  
Sorry, but I missed the email that said all British people must now think the same way? Is that what "Brexit means Brexit" means? 
Read the joint statement from @NicolaSturgeon and @fmwales on the introduction of the EU Withdrawal Bill. #Brexit  
Rights of citizens must be protected from Tory Brexit agenda - @M_AndersonSF 
This Daily Fail leader from the 1975 referendum deserves more circulation. @IanDunt @mrjamesob 
March: "Brexit 'will lead to more powers' for Scotland"July: "No new powers for Scotland after Brexit"Well, there you are.  
Amazing. Davis about to hire dimwit Brexit hardliner Stewart Jackson as chief of staff   
Good discussion with @jeremycorbyn on shared European values and aspirations, and doing least harm possible with #Brexit  
We've indulged Boris's personality defects for too long. Once they cause massive harm and fatalities (Brexit and Grenfell), it's just not on 
Prospect of #Brexit causes #Burberry to scrap plans for flagship site in #Leeds : 
BREAKING - #GreatRepealBill: No new powers for Scotland after #Brexit 
The UK Brexit team warms up for round two of negotiations.  
Theresa May: “Brexit is an opportunity… it’s an opportunity for us to get out there and embrace the world and I think the world is waiting.”  
.@jeremycorbyn Any Brexit destroys jobs & living standards. We should respect GE result, 79% of Labour back Remain. 
#Brexit will leave Britain far more exposed to the whims of multinationals and super-rich investors, so why does Corbyn support it!#Remain 
We cannot afford Brexit (and, by the way, we still don't even know what it is we are buying).  
Below is @NicolaSturgeon's comment on her meeting in Brussels earlier today with @MichelBarnier, the EU's Chief Brexit Negotiator.  
#Brexit Nick Clegg doing the rounds today TV & Radio, traitor do any thing he can to stop Brexit, talks a load of bollocks non stop go away  
As the Repeal Bill is published, join us alongside #GreenerUK to protect the environment during Brexit:  
The govt's flagship Brexit bill (the 'Repeal' Bill) is out. And instantly it faces Labour and LD opposition.  
Top Scots Tory calls for an end to calamitous Brexit as Scottish farmers face post-EU wipe-out  
When Remain types say that we need EU membership to expand trade, remind them of this. JCB backed Brexit. They know.  
#Brexit - An English failure to adjust to a loss of an identity defined by empire & global supremacy #StopBrexit 
The OBR says Brexit could cost the Treasury billions in lost tax revenues  
Brexit doesn't have to do a lot of damage to do a lot of damage, says OBR  
Billboards going up throughout #Kurdistan Region capital Erbil. "Yes to independence and state of Kurdistan", ahead of September referendum.  
Conclusion to UK's Brexit position paper on nuclear materials and safeguards.Why.Are.We.Leaving?  
#BREAKING Britain publishes #Brexit repeal bill to end supremacy of EU law 
UK government publishes #Brexit repeal bill, which would formally convert EU law into British law 
Now the Spanish Guàrdia Civil has demanded paperwork from the theater where the Catalan government explained the referendum #projectFEAR 
The Brexit arithmetic has changed: Remainers have hope again. As the repeal bill is published, read this:  
.@juliaHB1 asks Vince Cable: 'Why do you offer such a sneering image of Brexit voters?'  
Theresa May has declared “the world is waiting” for Brexit  
NEW @Keir_Starmer warns the government's Brexit plans would give "sweeping powers to the executive"  
'Great repeal bill' has a human rights clause that sets up Brexit clash with Labour  
Call me a pessimistic cynic but I suspect Jeremy will carry on as he has been doing. He will facilitate the Tory Brexit. #StopBrexit 
Was "Brexit causes cancer" scaremongering? asks Brillo. Great line #bbcdp 
Tell @JeremyCorbyn TWICE as many #Labour voters DON'T want #Brexit as do  No twaddle abt 'respecting' #BigFib #EUref! 
"I would have thought a Chocolate Orange was a well-engineered confectionery item" @DavidJonesMP tells @afneil after Brexit criticism #bbcdp 
Today, I am in Brussels to meet Michel Barnier and set out Labour's priorities for a jobs-first Brexit #ForTheMany 
63% of the UK didn't vote for Brexit. How is that a majority? 
Chuka thinks undermining democracy in the UK is the right thing to do.Chuka is a danger to our future.Don't be like like Chuka.#brexit  
Enemies plotting overthrow of Brexit:-Gina Miller & bus partnersClegg, Umama, Soubry, Morgan, etcMandleson & Kinnocks on EU gravy train 
#WomensWeek #Lunch#LifeStories @MrsRuddock talks #prayer #world #ThursdayThoughts #5liveDaily #TheresaMay Repeal Bill #Brexit #stateofcaring 
The chocolate orange doing its thing. (Orange as the new colour of disaster - Trump, DUP, Brexit...)  
Najmadin Karim, Governor of #Kirkuk [PUK], will supervise the process of referendum in #Kurdistan areas outside of KRG Admin.#TwitterKurds 
How well are the Brexit talks coming along - or not?@Nigel_Farage presents a film and joins @afneil @edballs #ChooChoo on #bbctw 11.45pm 
Labour vows to block Brexit Bill that could amend thousands of laws without a public vote  
There will be no other option but to finally back independence for Scotland. No stopping a hard Brexit now. 
Damian Green accused Remainers of 'scaremongering' by peddling false claims Brexit plans could hit cancer treatment  
This explains how even a slight knock to long-term GDP from Brexit could ravage the public finances.  @ChrisGiles_ 
‘#Brexit is dying’ and is in ‘terrible trouble’, says former Tory MP  
Labour leader @jeremycorbyn arrives in Brussels to meet Michel Barnier and EU Commission on Brexit  
Ball is in Corbyn's court. If he defeats Repeal Bill - Brexit is over and the Tories are out for a generation. It's up to him now. 
Ex-Sainsbury's CEO: #Brexit means 'higher prices, less choice, and poorer quality' at supermarkets #StopBrexit 
Every fascist party in Europe + Trump, Putin and May support #Brexit. Does it give @UKLabour pause for thought? 
Re EU children and Brexit, what I see online from your office is: There are serious flaws with your comments. 1 
Government Brexit plans set to 'fall apart like a chocolate orange'  
Theresa May's Government could 'come apart like a chocolate orange' over #Brexit, watchdog chief warns  
We are going to face a massive employment crisis after Brexit  
New podcast! Arguing Trump, Brexit, and the refugee crisis have led to the worst geopolitical environment since WWII  
This senior European academic, who has lived here for 30 years, shares how the #Brexit vote has impacted them. 
Radiologists And Lawyers Say Cancer Treatments Are At Risk From Brexit, Whatever Government Ministers Claim  
Position paper on post-Brexit EU judicial proceedings sets out v few positions beyond the banal: ‘smooth & orderly’  
Fact: #Brexit has unleashed an unrestrained, unremitting, wall of the most toxic, bilious racism. Stand strong @DavidLammy we are with you. 
We are going to face a massive employment crisis after Brexit 
"You say soft Brexit and I say hard Brexit,Soft Brexit, hard Brexit,Let's call the whole thing off." 
Brexit for Dummies  
Nicola Sturgeon meets EU chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier  
Good analogy for government's lack of Brexit planning.  
Good meeting with EU's Brexit negotiator @MichelBarnier in Brussels this morning. 
If brexit was working, you wouldn't need to even ask. The fact that you do, and currently 62% say "no", shows brexit is going disastrously. 
“Dear Theresa, do a deal” – former government adviser @julian_glover with a plea to the prime minister on Brexit #viewsnight 
Hey @DianeJamesMEP. In your own poll 62% are saying we should not leave the EU. Time to respect the will of the people? #StopBrexit #Brexit 
The clock is ticking on Brexit: it is time for Theresa May to be straight with people  
Tories then: The EU only controls 13% of our laws, vote remain! Tories now: Nats just want to hand control to Brussels, back Brexit!   
Brexit position papers published - it's going to be a long day  
Regardless of what the UK Government intends to do it seems that the European Parliament is planning for a Brexit transition period.  
Just like the actual referendum! 
What Brexit exodus? Recruiter mocks fears as one top bank has recruited 2,500 to London  
Brexit BOOM! British exports in RECORD SURGE after vote to ditch the EU, new figures show . F**k you remain  
The pass the blame parcel game on Brexit now well under way.  
Nicola Sturgeon meets EU's Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier   
House price growth has slipped to its lowest level since the aftermath of the #Brexit vote  
Brexit plans actually more like a Clockwork Orange, clarifies auditor general  
Time to put the Article 50 myths and lies to bed.By me, via @Byline_MediaBrexit Negotiations: The State Of Play  
The more people say and believe that Brexit can be stopped, the sooner it will be stopped 
Brexit will be stopped. Various lines of approach to stopping it are converging on it now. And new ideas & initiatives are still coming.  
No UK politician who agrees 2 pay a EU Brexit bill is fit to represent our country.Spend the money we save in EU fees on UK public services  
A challenge to Brexit fans: Name one advantage for the UK from Brexit... 
Children born and brought up in Britain are 'shocked to discover Brexit might affect them' 
..calls for Brexit "implementation period" to avoid "unintended consequences on availability of medicines"...accepts jobs "transfer" to EU27  
Free movement of artists 'must be protected' after Brexit  
Every way you turn, Britain’s post-Brexit future looks bright.  
Happy 1st Birthday in No 10, Theresa, and you mIght not make a 2nd. Baked you a cake but I've eaten it in line with your Brexit policy 
Recently started to be fascinated by why UK is getting the #Brexit process so wrong. New blog:  Summary in thread 1/5 
Good analysis and rebuttal of the EU's ludicrous €100 billion demand - the real "Brexit bill" is around €5 billion  
...paragraph signed by all the major UK/ European Pharma business groupings on "severe disruption" to supply chains from "unorderly" Brexit  
More deterioration of rule of law in Poland, in addition to all the backsliding we are seeing in Hungary. Greater threat to EU than Brexit.  
"A more responsible approach to Brexit is needed" - piece for @timesredbox by co-chairs @Anna_Soubry & @ChukaUmunna 
Dear Jeremy Corbyn. Your meeting in Brussels is a chance to recast Brexit | John Palmer  
Why should we trust Corbyn who stuck the immigration knife into the #Remain campaign just before the vote #Brexit 
As scale of the #Brexit disaster becomes daily more apparent, I am beginning to think another referendum on reversing the first is possible. 
R4's Nick Robinson eviscerates Brexit minister, Steve Baker, over UK lack of negotiating strategy. Baker's meant to be one of the smart ones 
Honestly, Nigeria is a British fraud.#SelfDetermination is a universal right.#BiafraReferendum #Referendum #Biafra 
This graphic shows our environment legislation is more affected by #Brexit than almost any other area of law. Vital we get #RepealBill right 
Can UK establish its own post-Brexit regulation that still lets it trade freely with EU? Nope. Me, at length:  
The 'Great Repeal Bill' is actually the 'Great Duplication Bill', so what's the point? says Nick Clegg #Brexit  
We can be respected, influential & admired again but the only way is to stop Brexit Shambles!  
For clarity: if the GREAT REPEAL BILL (or the "EU Withdrawal Bill" as it's now known) is NOT passed, Brexit is finished. Listening Labour? 
Brexit wasn't racist true. But all the racists voted Brexit.  
Brexit plans could fall apart 'like a chocolate orange', says auditor general  
Leavers are changing their opinion after reading thisBrexit testimonies from EU citizens in UKGreat work @Elenauk 
Friends! Our EU has the fastest-growing terrorist network in the world!But a Hard Brexit *could* exclude the UK from full access to it.  
The Great Repeal Bill could be the Brexit Bill that finishes off Theresa May  
Brexit minister Steve Baker @bbcr4today wants free trade, rule of law and cooperation between peoples. So how about we, er, stay in the EU? 
I wonder how many #Brexit voters actually had any idea of the negative knock-on effects for cancer care & research (or even thought of it) 
MAY: "World is waiting" to do trade deals with Brexit Britain. Let's embrace our exciting global future!  
This Brexit fiasco just shows that people had no idea what they were voting for in the referendum 
Thanks to @Kasparov63 for superb front cover essay on Putin, Trump, Brexit and much else for this week's @TheNewEuropean 
Former MP & head of the V&A museum calls for free movement of artists to 'be protected' after Brexit. Please RT: 
Regardless of how you voted last year in #EURef, do you think the UK should Leave the EU? #Brexit 
Steve Baker on #r4today. By far most ideological of #Brexiters - why did May make him #Brexit minister after #ge17? Here's more about Bakey 
Brexit minister Steve Baker couldn't be clearer - the Government believes leaving the EU means leaving Euratom. #r4today 
BREAKING: David Davies accidentally truthful as he calls Brexit a major 'millstone' for the UK instead of 'milestone'. 
I am sick and tired of people like @GuyVerhofstadt saying that a Brexit Britain can't participate in ERASMUS #FakeNews 
My cartoon - the (not great) repeal bill#Brexit#r4Today 
Extraordinary as independent & respected Audit office warns: Brexit plans could fall apart 'like chocolate orange' 
Brexit people: Welsh is pointless, better off learning Spanish Also #Brexit people: Let's remove everyone's right to work in Europe  
The evidence is now overwhelming; Brexit is a terrible idea being implemented with appalling incompetence. 
#Brexit explained in one simple graph, disposable income down, inflation up.#StopBrexit 
Yeah, right! By supporting the Tories hard Brexit on leaving the single market and ending freedom of movement.  
OK now I am REALLY worried. Brexit depends on a new, large-scale, government-led IT project. 
This is a very handy summary of the #Euratom mess in the UK. Any MP acting surprised wasn’t doing their job months ago. #brexit  
Labour threatens to BLOCK Brexit  via @MailOnline  Duplicitous #labourfail stop trying to subvert  the will of Brits! 
Brexit: EU demands answers from UK on fate of its citizens within five days - and says 'the clock is ticking'  
Jeremy Corbyn to tell EU he is ready to negotiate Brexit if Theresa May falls  
Brexit BOOM! British exports in RECORD SURGE after vote to ditch the EU, new figures show  
You can't support Brexit and oppose austerity, the cost of exiting the EU will damage the public finances for a decade or more. 
@EU_Commission I think you must do something urgently concerning Catalonia's #Referendum Your absence start to be alarming!#HumanRights 
Jeremy #Corbyn to tell EU he is ready to negotiate #Brexit if Theresa May falls  
The Conservative Brexit team, digging a hole so deep that UK may never recover. Total #BrexitShambles  that needs to be stopped. #ToriesOut 
What Brexit exodus? Recruiter mocks fears as one top bank has recruited 2,500 to London  
Dear Jeremy Corbyn. Your meeting in Brussels is a chance to recast Brexit | John Palmer  
Labour threat to defeat Theresa May over Brexit bill   
Remainers are putting Labour on notice. Back down from supporting Brexit or we will not vote Labour next time.  
Brexit plans could fall apart 'like a chocolate orange', says auditor general  
Steve Bell’s If ... David Davis drives Theresa to the Brexit cliff  
Shall we count the ways the govts Brexit strategy is failing?  
How local economies around Britain will be affected by the outcome of Brexit talks  
#Criminals likely to the ones who gain from #Brexit :  
...and here is NAO on the glaring staff shortage on the new customs scheme which UK needs to prevent Brexit overload  
Nicola Sturgeon to brief Brexit negotiator on Scotland priorities:  
This is disgusting political liesBrexit: Brussels to blame for anxiety of EU children living in UK, watchdog says.  
Sturgeon, Corbyn and Carwyn Jones are meeting with EU chief Michel Barnier - should they have a say in Brexit negotiations?  
Everyone happy yet?Brexit: Government's new customs IT system heading for £34bn 'horror show'  
Meeting @MichelBarnier in Brussels to build relationship & set out @WelshGovernment position on #Brexit negotiations  
I've avoided talking about Brexit, purposely.But what I will say is what an absolute shambolic embarrassing disaster the Tories have created  
Brexit 'could cost 70,000 City jobs' as devastating potential impact is revealed  
Brexit is a disaster tho  
#Kurdish Islamic body calls referendum ‘national and religious’ right  
Brexit will cement our status as a great trading nation #premium 
Some common sense from Frankfurt over Brexit.Brexit: The view from Germany  
Brexit: Repeal Bill to be published by the government - A key test for Remain MPs   
In Derby children of 15 have the reading age of 11 & our government focus? Distraction Brexit. This way to 3rd world! #BinBrexit 
If Brexit is not delivered I will change my life time of support for the Tories and so will most of my friends 
Probably the two biggest lies ever told to the British public, leading to the two biggest mistakes Britain will ever make.#Brexit  
Stunning.@UKLabour & @LibDems vow to 'make life hell' for a British government seeking to deliver #Brexit, democracy & an independent UK. 
Brilliant article in The Times today by Iain Martin on the need for a new PM to negotiate BREXIT from a position of strength (page 29) 
Brexit: a view from Germany. By Dr Markus Krall:  
Failure to plan for Brexit in Government could mean a very disorderly process, warns audit boss  
Gibraltar's economy will continue to soar after Brexit, according to Chief Minister Fabian Picardo.  
#Kurdistan Region will go ahead with its planned independence referendum on September 25 regardless of circumstances  
When we eventually get around to cancelling #Brexit, as we surely must, can we please call it the Great British Back-Off..?#GBBO 
David Allen Green on Brexit:  Digby Jones's tweet is false - there are no deals 'in the bag', no bag in sight even  
Good morning. MPs called to back new Brexit laws and Ariana Grande made honorary citizen of Manchester:  
New customs system may not be ready for Brexit, NAO warns  
plebiscite is a deceptive word bc it's actually another word for referendum but it sounds like a classic of anti-communist body horror 
Am I alone in thinking that given the state of the Uk & the crisis that is Brexit that maybe parliament should not be taking summer hols  
Lol, I know Brexit negotiations are going on but I'll gladly accept it over this rape-denying mess of an administration. 
Recent months, we've received many questions about Norway-Sweden border. #Brexit in mind of course. Here's a picture. @DExEUgov @Kommerskoll 
A man's intentionis in his mindIPOB stand isReferendumor no electionas Rousseau'we preferLIBERTY with dangertoPEACE with slavery'  
BIAFRA: ADDRESS TO UN AND EU: BIAFRA REFERENDUM NEEDS TO BE ACTIVATED  
According to latest polls I'm in a majority of around 70% of the population now who don't want BREXIT. Let's reboot UK democracy #Ref2 
Just three hours to go to join @PC_Alberta before membership cutoff for the unity referendum!  
About to go live again on Facebook to take more questions on unity, the referendum, & getting Alberta back on track  
Just how incompetent do the Tories have to prove themselves to be before MPs start calling for a halt to Brexit?  
The fatal divide for business in Brexit Britain  
Brexit: Repeal Bill to be published by the government  
New customs system may not be ready for Brexit, NAO warns  
Brexit BOOM! British exports in RECORD SURGE after vote to ditch the EU, new figures show  
Moron interaction is mediated by virtual morals being exchanged (fluxuations in misinformation field) inline w/ Brexit uncertainty principle  
Care to read this @guyverhofstadt #Brexit Every way you turn, Britain’s post-Brexit future looks bright  via @CityAM 
2/2 saddened that, post Brexit, UK voice on such matters will be a bat squeak of irrelevance 
Chief auditor slams PM’s “vague” plan for leaving EU & said Brexit could become a “horror show” #ToryBrexitShambles 
As the Reality of Brexit Sinks In, There Are No Good Options for the U.K.  
There is a referendum scheduled to be held in Catalonia this October. Also, Basques have been fighting for decades. 
Brexit is dying...& with every month that passes, the difficulties become clearer, and the Remain side of the argument becomes stronger.  
The likelihood of Brexit not happening is growing by the day, Former British Business Secretary Vince Cable says  
Brexit is already making us all poorer and we haven't even left yet. It's time take back control and #StopBrexit 
Just as the SNP predicted, folks you are being lied to every day by the Tories on Brexit.Only the SNP will look out for Scottish interests  
Jeremy Corbyn: Labour is ready to negotiate Brexit  
Brexit customs IT system heading for £34bn 'horror show' says watchdog  
Brexit begins! as Repeal Bill to be published...Davis vows UK will have "MAXIMUM certainty, continuity & control". 
Never heard of #JamieDimon?When he talks,US big business/big money listens.This is bad.#Brexit pic-@CloughOlive 
After Brexit, geography doesn't matter. We've already agreed free trade with Triton & we'll sign one with Europa if it changes its name 
Impeachment isn't happening, but the 2018 congressional elections promise to be a de facto referendum on Trump  
Yes. & in Northern Safe seats the Blairites did nothing on #Brexit until 1st week in June of the vote. They wanted a close vote to oust JC 
Confirmed points for voting on referendum against #maduro's regime, in 98 different countries. 
#TipsForNewDocs watch out for the new epidemic! #Brexit-itis! #StopBrexit #Remain @RemainerAction @16MillionRising @StopBrexit17 
I find it unacceptable that @UKLabour are failing to provide opposition 2 #Brexit There was a vote to #Leave but so much has happened since. 
Schona, there is no such thing as a "successful brexit" - which is why it must be stopped. We are however helped by A 50 not being notified 
Five examples of Britain's 'chocolate orange' Brexit strategy  
Brexit is toast mate as the economy slows and reality strikes and the public find out you told them piles of nonsense 
#brexitAn honest thread from a breixteer on why I voted to leave.1. I voted leave because I saw a map and there were foreign countries 
I didn't vote for Brexit!!  
Brexit plans could fall apart 'like a chocolate orange', says auditor general  
No other countries will follow Britain in leaving the EU, Brexit Secretary David Davis admits  
7% more expensive on average grocery basket if Hard Brexit or close to it ..and that before currency effects   
The likelihood of Brexit not happening is growing by the day, Former British Business Secretary Vince Cable says  
Gibraltar leader says economy will ROCKET after Brexit as he vows Rock WILL leave the EU  
Labour smiles as Select Committee chairs are taken by anti-Brexit Tory MPs thanks to Labour votes. Good sense and moderation ahead. 
No. We live in a Parliamentary Democracy.   Parliament should decide if and when and in what way to implement the advisory referendum  
Labour threat to defeat Theresa May over Brexit bill  
A recurrent & critical failure to consider, analyse & explain consequences of the Brexit bravado. Euratom is just the tip of the iceberg.  
Or just admit Brexit is a disaster and abandon it.  
We made it. #Selfie #Azelfie #Evo2017 #Casino #Smash4 #Sonic #Fox #Diddy #Brexit #PleaseHelpMeImDyingInThisHeat 
Britain has a very good EU budget deal, with much lower net contributions than comparable France, Netherlands & Germany.#Brexit #StopBrexit 
Michael O'Leary is such a crashing bore. Anyone want to bet that RyanAir won't be flying from Heathrow after Brexit? I'd happily ban him. 
You & your family are poorer thanks to inflation & dwindling tax income bc of Brexit, by far more than the contributions  we make to the EU.  
Balkans can help EU 'feel attractive' after Brexit, Macedonia says | Article [AMP] | Reuters  
A #Brexit bonanza for fugitives. Britain will lose access to the highly effective European Arrest Warrant #Remain 
Great news that @UKLabour will vote against May's dreadful Bill for a disastrous extreme #Brexit.  
£50m investment & 200 jobs lost to #Leeds due to #Brexit uncertainty, says Burberry. What a mess.   
#Brexit is escalating rapidly from pantomime to embarrassing farce .Utterly ill conceived & hopelessly mismanaged 
This lack of Brexit plan.Now Head of National Audit Office says Davis had only a "vague" explanation for why he couldn't give him a plan.  
Basic rule of negotiating.Don't be rude and insulting when you have few if any cards.#Brexit 
The more people say and believe that Brexit can be stopped, the sooner it will be stopped. The question is when. 
NAO Head says:-Davis unable to give him a Brexit plan-Govt risks coming apart like choc orange-Leadership failure risks successful Brexit  
Ministers' approach to Brexit could fall apart "like a chocolate orange" - quote from head of National Audit Office  
Thursday's Guardian: "Labour threat to defeat May on Brexit bill" (via @hendopolis) #tomorrowspaperstoday 
Every day, ask afresh why those in charge of Brexit, who campaigned for it, failed to do basic homework. Winging it couldn't last forever. 
In #Brexit Britain it is important to recall the classic formulation of an MP's duties as expounded by Burke and restated by Churchill.  
Even the Daily Express carries headline '#Brexit is dying'   
1) We have to accept that the #Brexit leadership had very little practical knowledge about the thing they spent years fighting against  
No wonder the Tory Right and the tax-dodging #Brexit press barons want Britain to quit the Single Market. Tax haven #Brexit for the rich. 
NEWS: Labour threat to defeat Theresa May over Brexit bill - Starmer says they'll vote against without concessions.  
*Project Fear* was always a Leave project to shout down accurate warnings from Remain about Brexit!  
Nigeria has been restructuring since it's creation still getting worse.It shows it's foundation is very faulty.#Referendum the solution.  
The problem with a year of Brexit debate summed up in one tweet. Just a lot of warm words, dressed up as facts. And often, not so warm.  
Excl: Theresa May says “the world is waiting" for Brexit - and EU leaders are warming to a trade deal;  
Excl: Theresa May asks to stay in No10 for “the next few years” to deliver Brexit - first post-election interview;  
Labour threat to defeat Theresa May over Brexit bill  
Take a good look at this, Brexit voters. This is now the level of debate on your side. No engagement with reality. No vision. Just childish.  
Oh well why didn't you say so before? Let's cancel Brexit then.  
So we can vote the right boys back into #LoveIsland but we can't vote no to Brexit? Priorities, Britain. 
Nick Clegg says Brexit will make it even tougher for the Government to roll back on its austerity programme  
Olivia and Chris just gave a very accurate reconstruction of our Brexit negotiations with the EU #LoveIsland 
Embankment tube tonight. So many pro EU groups out there. The leavers sitting back. This is why brexit is failing. Get out there @No10Vigil 
Wednesday, 6 July 2016, us, bloody Experts, started to raise concerns about Euratom, Brexit, and EU citizens ...  
Brexit is Bad for Britain. Pls sign the letter & RT & we'll seek to meet @UKLabour Leadership on the #CostsOfBrexit. 
What gets me is the incalculable opportunity cost of all this The fatal divide for business in Brexit Britain  
Brexit: the ballad of Digby Jones.. by @davidallengreen  
Call me unpatriotic, but 1m people using foodbanks is more of a 'national embarrassment' than admitting we're a Brexit laughing stock. 
That is how misinformed (at best) the Brexit campaign was, by former trade/Europe ministers who either knew or should have known better. 
Diane Abbott's abuse comes as no surprise. #brexit let the racism genie out of the bottle and the attitude of the govt has legitimised it. 
Both Jones (former trade minister) and Davis (former Europe minister) said in Brexit campaign Germany could do bilateral trade deal with UK. 
Somewhat to my surprise, I have reached the conclusion that #TheresaMay is probably quite thick. #Brexit 
A brilliant, forensic destruction of the Leave case for brexit. Sadly it highlights the utter uselessness of our media both then, and now.  
As matter of fundamental EU law, not open to Germany to make bilateral trade deal with UK post-Brexit. Jones knew that, or should have done. 
That's enough bloody Brexit. I'm off for a good old-fashioned British holiday. In the south of France. 
TONIGHT: It's @mrjamesob in the presenter's chair - join him at 22:30 for the latest on the Grenfell Tower fire and Brexit #newsnight 
Brexit will be good for Britain.  
“Our country looks deranged, stupid, diminished” - former government adviser @julian_glover urges the PM to do a deal on Brexit #viewsnight 
Protestants burning Irish flags as an act of culture, how's about you burn all the Irish passports Brexit scared you into getting too :):) 
BBC News - Brexit: EU negotiator Barnier firm on citizens' rights  
Opinium for PB/Polling Matters podcast has 41% wanting 2nd Brexit referendum.  48% against. In December gap was 17% 
Be part of history! Join @PC_Alberta today to vote in the unity referendum. Tonight's the deadline!  
In the big boxed set of Brexit, I suspect we have just reached the end of season one. 
Nick Clegg: Brexit makes it tougher to roll back austerity  
Similarly, we are still in the early history of Brexit.Euratom is only the first issue to get such prominence.  There will be many others. 
If you look at the Channel 4 tweet, these gorahs are already defending it may Brexit bring this country down 
One has to wonder just how big a fuck up does Brexit have to be before our politicians decide it might not be for the best. 
Wow @mrjamesob writes as well as he talks. If you read one thing this week, read his views on #Brexit talks   
"Maybe you can help me with #Brexit coz am fucked if I know what am doing? Mmmm mmm?" #janeygodleyvoiceover pic.twitter.com/DD3yMNKE2h 
Forget Brexit: Some UK sectors are pushing to keep EU regulations in place to protect their businesses  
Wow. A Tory finally breaks rank to tell the truth about the risks to scottish agri from reckless trade deals to rescue Brexit. About time!  
WE NOW GO LIVE TO BREXIT  
Dan Hannan will go down with the ship, but at some point Andrew Lilico will pretend he never supported Brexit and it will be excellent 
To gain a financial advantage through lying is a Fraud Act 2006 offence. Brexit lies are criminal.  
Brexit critic, Nicky Morgan, has beaten Jacob Rees-Mogg to become Chair of the powerful Treasury Select Committee.  
Hilary Benn re-elected chair of Brexit Select Committee. With @NickyMorgan01 at TSC that's 2 big Remainers in charge of 2 big committees. 
Hillary Benn re-elected as chair of the Brexit select committee 
According to Labour, if you voted for Brexit then it's your fault that people died in Grenfell Tower.....  
Brexit: EU demands answers from UK on fate of its citizens within five days - and says 'the clock is ticking'   
That says all you need to know about Parliament. Remainers are still in charge despite Brexit vote.  
Plans for Brexit so well prepared and thought through. No wonder OUT won. Oh, wait a minute  
Nicky Morgan wins chair of key Treasury Select Committee.Beats 'No weakness, no backsliding, no deals on Brexit' Jacob Rees-Mogg.#brexit 
Remainer and soft Brexit supporter elected to chair one of the most important Select Committees in Parliament.  
Nicky Morgan becomes chair of Treasury Select Committee - powerful role deciding which areas of Brexit, economy and banks to investigate 
Brexit will be good for Britain. You, Mr Campbell, on the other hand have done nothing but bad for Britain.  
.@Nigel_Farage: Allowing the EU’s court to still have a say in the UK would not be Brexit  #FarageOnLBC 
."[Brexit] has not only revitalized current [EU] members but has also inspired countries to apply for membership". 
Great news that sensible Tory opposed to May's disastrous extreme #Brexit gets Treasury Committee Chair.  
Spanish King bullying against #Gibraltar, ignoring the will of 98% of Gibraltarians that voted in 2002 #referendum to be British  
Delighted to meet leaders of the #UK Overseas Territories today at the Joint Ministerial Council to discuss their priorities for #Brexit  
Ireland seeks €1bn in EU aid to protect businesses hit by Brexit  
LISTEN: John Longworth tells LBC anti-Brexit MPs are part of a "fifth column" trying to undermine the UK's interests  
Was there a referendum?  
I don't want to concessions from EU, want realism. Don't ask anything of the UK post-Brexit that you wouldn't ask of another Top 10 economy. 
.@IanDunt: 'It's just a shame that [Lab attacks on Tory Brexit] are made so cynically while ultimately supporting the same policy.'  
Encouraging that Angela Merkel seems to accept that the ECJ should not have jurisdiction over the UK post-Brexit  
The EU is federal superstate without a shred of accountability.#Brexit  
At some point @ChukaUmunna I hope people like you who know how disastrous #Brexit would be will say so. No deal is better than remaining.  
Fabulously withering critique of the Digby Jones "in the bag" tweet:Brexit: the ballad of Digby Jones  via @FT 
The critical flaw is #Brexit. Pull yourself together man and speak the plain honest truth that Brexit is a disastrous folly. 
Brexit 'was' a project without a plan, no framework, rules made up in transit; it remains an incompetently led embarrassment, and is doomed.  
.The Ranks are Breaking!"Top Tory calls for END to calamitous Brexit as Scottish farmers face post-EU wipe-out". 
We've had some rubbish choices lately.Cameron or Miliband,May or Leadsom, Corbyn with go-faster Brexit stripes or May.God knows what's next. 
Barnier's insistance on a #Brexit  "settling of accounts" is mere common sense - which explains why @BorisJohnson can't understand it 
Classic Brexit; act first, think later.Thinking and opposing are long overdue but *MPs did pass A50 unamended*No more sleeping on the job.  
The Standard tonight: seriously, if you have to ask how much Brexit costs, you can't afford it...  
It continues to baffle me why politicians publicly berate one of the sectors where UK is genuinely world-leading (esp in Brexit climate)  
This is an angry, informed piece by Roy Foster on the return of the Irish Question, and the damage of Brexit.  
We are celebrating 50yrs since our first referendum & our choice to remain free, British citizens of the Rock #Gibraltar #SpanishStateVisit 
Having been quite ambivalent about Brexit at the time, I find myself sliding more into the "tell Juncker & Barnier etc to fuck off" camp. 
So, @jeremycorbyn @JohnMcDonnelMP why are @UKLabour still backing Brexit? These are the wages of real workers. #StopBrexit @Labour4EU 
The Biafra Post: IPOB: BIAFRA REFERENDUM AND THE SPARK OF WAR  
Busted! EU's chief #Brexit negotiator diplomatically points the Tories haven't done a stitch of work on the negotiations...#brexitshambles 
Brexit: Never in the field of scientific research has so much been cocked up by so few for so many.  
Pleased King of Spain supports democracy.  #Gibraltar voted 99% to remain British in a referendum. Sounds like a solution acceptable to all.  
Green lied on TWO points #PMQs1.OBR report will NOT carry #Brexit analysis2.A.Raynor said writing off student debt was an ASPIRATION 
BBC News - Former Tory MEP Struan Stevenson warns of Brexit farm 'meltdown'  
Nicola Sturgeon to meet EU chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier in Brussels  
Rag Refusing to Respect Referendum Result Reporting Remoaner Rubbish   
Probably the best thread I've ever read...All about how UK voted Brexit out of objection to all the EU policies that the UK proudly drove.  
Has anyone heard of a #Brexit politician condemning the threats of violence coming from some Brexit supporters and politicians?#StopBrexit 
Ironic that Brexit is portrayed as patriotic. Nothing has ever made me less patriotic than the pigshit stupidity of Brexiteers. 
#StopBrexit #RemainPoll: Given the damage #Brexit is wreaking on Britain should most MPs be barred from political office for life? 
Brexit 
Theresa May: "Now would be a good time to inform the British public that I lost Andy Murray in the brexit negotiations." 
Cameron aide says that 16-17 year olds were barred from the #Brexit vote to appease the Tory Right #Brexit #Remain 
But they said wage stagnation was all the fault of EU immigrants & yet now wages are declining as those very people abandon UK ?!#Brexit 
FFS! British Airways' owner warns it would have to buy out 25% of its investors or risk being broken up after Brexit  
What are the Remain MPs playing at?! It's their job to protect the country! They must defy the whip, end the Gov, & end #Brexit! 
First Secretary of State Damian Green defends the Government’s Brexit negotiations.  
Brexit is a scam of and for the elite. #stopbrexitnow 
Butt hurt Osborne. Still whingeing about Brexit  
#GreenerUK is calling for environmental protections to be safeguarded after Brexit through repeal bill  
Prof Dieter Helm sets out vision for UK agric policy after Brexit favouring public  money only for public goods  
"We have published 9 position papers on the different issues. The EU positions are clear." @MichelBarnier #Brexit #Article50 
With JB Morgan announcing 16K UK jobs at risk from #Brexit, meltdown of finance sector jobs seems imminent.    
Let us be clear: @mrjamesob on Brexit and the aftermath of the election  
EU Cmttee discusses #Brexit with @GuyVerhofstadt at the European Parliament in Brussels 
David Davis won't let EU courts boss us around after Brexit  
Brexit #Wimbledon 
“I am not hearing any whistling, just a clock ticking,” says the EU negotiator @MichelBarnier #Brexit 
Useful meeting today with @FUW_UAC @TFACymru @clawales @NFUCymru and @wgcs_enviro to discuss how to prepare the farming industry for #Brexit 
Just discussed #Gibraltar on @SkyNews. Must make the case in proper way that Gibraltar is British & we will stand together throughout Brexit  
#EU #Brexit chief delivers five day #ultimatum to #UK on #citizen's rights 
Osborne's Evening Standard fast-becoming anti-Brexit Remoaner rag. 
Well this is embarrassing. The OBR has contradicted Damian Green's PMQs claim it was costing a 'no deal' Brexit  
Good to meet @BorisJohnson in margins of #TriesteSummit. We need strong relationship with #UK also after #BREXIT.  
Tonight is the deadline to join @PC_Alberta to vote in the unity referendum:  
#Gibraltar in the news. Reminder: National Day 10th September Gibraltarians celebrate 50th Anniversary of 1967 "remain British" Referendum 
Could Brexit have been an Establishment plot to privatise NHS? I do wonder. Amazing what you can get away with when you play the race card. 
#Brexit: EU negotiator Barnier firm on citizens' rights - UK proposal will not fully protect citizen rights  
Have been looking through the Brexit press, but can't find any mention of Jo Konta being a naturalized Hungarian migrant ..... :)  
Green groups call for overhaul of repeal bill to safeguard environment after Brexit  
"Hey! The Brits are making a great success of Brexit. Why don't we do the same?"... says literally no other country. 
We welcome award winning journalist & broadcaster @SamiraAhmedUK on 1st Sept PUBLIC LECTURE What can Arnold Bennett teach Brexit Britain?  
Euratom Karma:When Brexit MPs' only way out is to revoke Euratom notice (endangering Art 50) - coz they squashed Euratom amendment in Parl. 
Brexit Betrayal: Theresa May Poised to Accept Submission to EU Courts for Over a Decade in ‘Transition Deal’  
Watch the Brexit Gov roll over on this - The EU said today that market access for British fish will be linked to EU fishing in our waters.  
NI people with Irish passports could elect MEPs after Brexit, an EU Brexit negotiator suggests  
Buried near the end is the hugely important statement: "we will not extend Brexit negotiations past Mar 2019". 
That was the message from Heath in 72.This was the referendum voting slip.It does actually say "Common Market"  
Friends working in cloud storage getting worried now as endless customers asking wtf happens after brexit due to tories being clueless 
German colleague: ‘none of my students now want to go to UK for postdoc”. Plausible & depressing: my lab depends on EU scientists. #Brexit 
UK, YouGov poll:LAB-S&D: 46% ↑CON-ECR: 38% ↓LDEM-ALDE: 6% ↓SNP/PCY-G/EFA: 4%UKIP-EFDD: 4% ↑Greens-G/EFA: 1% ↓#Brexit 
Who will really benefit from #Brexit? The motives lie with the Tory rich, they would gain at our expense. Time to #StopTheBullshit @TheSun 
British economy to cool due to #Brexit uncertainty - Moody’s  
Brexit was a uk wide vote. Didn't it realise? Austerity would be super charged in an independent Scotland. Trident isn't a devolved issue. 
Got #brexit solvedUK applies existing immigration controls, brexiteers happy. Brexit cancelled. UK gets back to living together 
Why? To undermine Brexit negotiations, of course. And to feign being an international stateswoman. 
Corbyn has spent his life sharing platforms with genocide deniers but wouldn't share a platform with Ken Clarke during the referendum. 
Normally govt v good at highlighting its own Brexit turmoil without any help. Today Thornberry did good job  
Sobering thought - 'Brexit Bill' alone is £350m a week multiplied by a factor of ten - or £350m weekly being lost to the UK for TEN YEARS  
"Get a grip" @EmilyThornberry​ sums up #Brexit 'mess' as she hits out at @PhilipHammondUK​, @BorisJohnson​ & @theresa_may #PMQs. 
Emily Thornberry destroys this Governments chaotic approach to Brexit. #PMQs 
.@EmilyThornberry highlights Tories' Brexit chaos: government has run out of ideas, ministers divided & making it up as they go along #PMQs 
This shows how exposed Irish farming and food is to #Brexit (from #summerstatement) 
Next time someone tells you turkeys won't vote for Xmas, remind them that Welsh farmers voted for Brexit  
PMQs today proved that the Government has no idea how to even begin negotiating Brexit  
"Labour hard Brexit is better than Tory hard Brexit because the EU would just go along with it for some reason"  
We can revoke our Euratom exit notification... and that is then excellent proof that we can revoke Article 50 and ditch Brexit altogether. 
Former Tory MEP Struan Stevenson warns of Brexit farm 'meltdown' - BBC News  
Unbelievable that all EU citizens must apply for SS (settled status) once we leave the EU. Such a waste of time, energy and money #brexit 
Doctors warn Brexit could cut off UK access to cancer scans and treatment  
The worst breakup since Brexit   
Thanks Brexit  
Ludicrous Go Whistle comment shows seeking to trade insults won't build trade relationships.Or mask disarray #Brexit  
Govt continues its Brexit chaos as David Davis admits to EU Lords committee that it'd be 'quite nice' to stay in the Customs Union. Pls RT:  
The optimism we need to make a success of Brexit  
Ryanair boss says there will be no flights between the UK & EU without an Open Skies arrangement in the Brexit deal. 
EU law just helped secure a big win for LGBT equality in Brexit Britain  
So murdering an mp during a referendum campaign is not an act of terrorism? Someone needs a dictionary. 1/2 
Brexit was a Velvet coup, no-resistance take-over. As in Orwell Change meaning of words: Advisory ref becomes *will of the people* Done deal 
#PMQs "The #Brexit secretary might be laughing but I'm turning to him next" pic.twitter.com/jXulYwZNce - Thornberry eats #Tories for breakfast 
David Davis snubs Verhofstadt's attempt to keep EU courts ruling in post-Brexit Britain  
How much is your Brexit extortion bill today Mr Barnier? Have you been using a Diane Abbottcus?  
STANDARD: Brussels Bashes Boris on Bill for Brexit  
EU says Brexit talks could fail after Johnson's 'go whistle' remarks  
Government could end Brexit talks without a deal, says Damian Green  
David Davis denies Brexit will have a "Domino effect" although he is expected to deliver something soggy, late and not what was ordered. 
#DespiteBrexit UK unemployment rate hits a 42 year low. Meanwhile: Greece (22.5%), Spain (17.7%), Italy (11.3%) & France (9.6%). #Brexit 
.@NicolaSturgeon to meet EU #Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier 
David Allen Green on Brexit:  Digby Jones's tweet is false - there are no deals 'in the bag', no bag in sight even  
PMQs verdict: Thornberry inflicts damage on gov Brexit policy - but Labour motivated more by cynicism than principle  
ITV survey shows chronic #NHS staff shortages. #Brexit means EU clinicians are avoiding UK. Far from boosting NHS, Brexit could cripple it 
Russia wanted Trump to win because they wanted a fool in the White House. They want Brexit to happen as part of undermining the EU. 
New figures show 2MILLION jobs rely directly on EU investment, with fears they'll be lost post-Brexit. Full story:  
UK lawyers so worried about Brexit they are setting up an old school hip hop collective   
Paper. Journalists failed to do their job of critically assessing statistics presented during the Brexit campaign.   Media market failure.  
EU court should be guarantor of expats' rights after Brexit: Barnier  
Emily Thornberry: "What a mess the govt has got itself into!" "We've got 20 months to go before Brexit"  #cabinetofchaos #pmq #marr #bbcqt 
Brexit: the ballad of Digby Jones .. @davidallengreen is on fire  via @FT 
#PMQs Apparently only issue with Brexit is remainers need to see the glass half full. Small problem , post Brexit there is no glass. Fools. 
*So* much harm from "impartiality" of serving a diet of dueling partisans: clear analysis of Brexit TV news coverage  
Incompetent Tory Government doesn't appear to have made any risk assessment for Brexit full stop. Absolute lunatics. #ToriesOut #Brexit 
monthly real wage growth since Brexit vote oops1.91.71.51.41.41.51.10.50.10.1-0.3-0.7 
Brexit boost: Unemployment rate falls to 42-year low as economy defies doom-mongers  
A letter to the EU & Barnier over their demands today that we pay a brexit bill & EU court rule over the UK post Brexit  
The Tories approach to Brexit is shockingly incompetent... Emily Thornberry exposes the utter shambles. #PMQs 
All over the place. Emily Thornberry destroys this Governments chaotic approach to Brexit. #PMQs 
IPOB: NO ELECTION IN BIAFRALAND UNTIL REFERENDUM IS GIVEN  
"We've 20 months to go until Brexit, we've absolutely got to get a grip": @EmilyThornberry tells @DamienGreen #PMQs  
Emily Thornberry exposes the chaos at the heart of the Tory Cabinet over #Brexit and 'Deal or No Deal' #cabinetofchaos #pmq #marr #bbcqt 
.@NicolaSturgeon to meet EU #Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier 
Brexit: EU negotiator stands firm on citizen's rights  
"The Brexit secretary might be laughing but I am turning to him next" says @EmilyThornberry as she mentions several front benchers #pmqs 
DESPAIR: Watching joviality between Emily Thornberry & Gov't, both pro-Brexit & blind to elephant in the room:. Brexit is a catastrophe. 
Both parties now telling the other they have no Brexit policy. Both right. 
"If the party opposite isn't up to the task [of Brexit], then we've got to get rid of them." – Emily Thornberry #PMQs 
Ooh. Significant. Green says OBR will tmrw publish fiscal risks report inc on 'no deal' Brexit. #pmqs 
Thornberry: "The Brexit Secretary may be laughing [pause] but I'm coming to him next." She treats PMQs as it should be: a pantomime 
Thornberry 'owning' the Tories at the moment.  Can the Brexit secretary make up his mind whether there is a deal or not. . #PMQs 
Looking forward to the Brexit Stokies finding out St Pauli have 'Refugees Welcome' printed on their pint cups in the Millerntor  
These elites hate the fact they were over-ruled by ordinary people & want to trash UK Brexit in revenge.  
A hard, job-destroying Brexit can be stopped if we put aside party political differences to fight for common principles. Me on @bbc5live: 
They're not opposing "hard Brexit". They're simply opposing Brexit. And opposing the will of the people.  
.@vincecable - If May is serious about helping families, she will soften approach to Brexit & put people's jobs & living standards first  
Could the EU side have found anyone better than @michelbarnier to lead on #Brexit? I doubt it. He’s calm, well prepared, has edge of steel. 
A real @Labour party would tear into the the right-wing press campaigns of hate & lies that won the #Brexit vote. But hey ho..#StopBrexit 
This ruling was made under EU law. Will the PM promise John Walker rights like this will STAY protected post-Brexit?  
Brexit was won on arguments about bendy bananas and blue passports instead of reality of Medical Agencies, Aviation and Financial passports 
EU Brexit chief delivers five day ultimatum to UK on citizen's rights  
Brexit: EU negotiator stands firm on citizen's rights  
For the state of play of #Article50 negotiations with the United Kingdom, take a look at our factsheet:  #Brexit  
Barnier on Brexit finances: "how do you build a relationship based on trade, security -to last with a country where you don't have trust?" 
The irony of Brexit supporting media praising Johanna Konta, whose UK citizenship is a result of EU membership. 
Barnier says payment of Brexit bill is matter of confidence and trust 
Senior EU source tells me on Boris Johnson: "Once again Boris has poisoned the Brexit well & undermined UK attempts to build common ground." 
Barnier on Brexit money: it's not a ransom, it's not an exit bill, it's not  revenge. It is simply settling accounts. 
"I'm not hearing any whistling, just a clock ticking" says @MichelBarnier during a #Brexit negotiations update  
Vaguely curious (but only vaguely) as to how Corbynistas rationalise this aspect of the absolute boy's Brexit shitshow  
Politicians: Public opinion has to turn against #Brexit, so first we have to let the country be damaged.Madness!#StopBrexit now! 
My article on why a relying on 2nd ref or Parl. vote on the deal may be a false hope. We must act now to stop Brexit  
SNEERS: I mean, come on, he’s hardly making this shit up, is he? #Brexit pic.twitter.com/1wdSxlmEmH 
Leeds was getting a new Burberry factory. Brexit means it won't.  via @FT 
The sooner MPs gets their collective mindsets released from the grip of the referendum and start holding govt to account, the better.  
This wouldn't have happened if we hadn't voted for Brexit. #justsaying 
.@MichelBarnier @BorisJohnson "I cannot hear any whistling - just a clock ticking." #Brexit #Article50 #financialSettlement 
#Brexit: UK's financial obligations explained by European Parliament's Chief Brexit Negotiator @MichelBarnier 
France, Germany, and Ireland will feast on the riches thrown overboard on the shipwreck of Brexit. 
EU clearly frustrated w lack of response from UK on Brexit. Barnier": "Sooner we hear from the UK the better. I'm ready, our team is ready" 
German Europe minister says it is 'completely unclear' what UK wants from Brexit - Politics live  
EU-UK Brexit talks heading for brick wall if EU continues to make ridiculous cash demands without even talking trade  
NEW - @JamesColdwellUK reviews @IanDunt's book, Brexit: What the Hell Happens Now?  
Ryanair threatens to cancel flights between UK and EU after Brexit  
EU Cmttee in Brussels today to discuss #Brexit with @MichelBarnier and @GuyVerhofstadt. Full transcripts to follow: 
On #Euratom- as with so much else in #Brexit- you *COULD* solve it, with enough time, energy, & meticulous approach. But  lacks all those. 
Former Brexit minister warns ANY ECJ role after EU divorce is 'NOT acceptable'  
Brexit ultimately a psychological, not a political event: with fear and hurt on both sides. Best addressed via psychoanalysis. 
'We will re-join the EU' Heseltine bashes older voters saying young WILL reverse Brexit  OVER MY DEAD BODY WE WILL 
#Brexit will damage UK’s influence on the world stage  
Today's required reading: #euratom 'there’s no need to panic' - more excellent #Brexit commentary by @andrewduffeu 
Nurse worries NHS can't 'survive' Brexit.Farage-Brexit 'was never going to solve our domestic problems' but make us 'more competitive'. Oh.  
Are they loco? Gibraltar sovereignty only up for question because of the hard Brexit they support  
JP Morgan boss sounds Brexit job warning - Another warning, when will people listen?   
The few Brexit supporters I know appear to be really really thick, is that your experience? 
In 1st 60secs DJ tells us Germany will be straight on phone to do bilateral FTA & not a single job lost to Brexit  
Is there a simple and efficient solution to adapting EU law for an orderly Brexit? #GreatRepealBill  
Brexit is increasingly becoming understood as the worst decision the country has ever taken ...  
Remainer liars told us Brexit would cost hundreds of thousands of jobs but unemployment just hit a 42 year low. Ha! 
Tory David Davis 'can't remember' how many women are on his Brexit team - so let's help him 
Not extraordinary. Ridiculous? culpable? utterly irresponsible? yes.But as Brexit goes "no assessment of impact" is completely typical.  
"An argument between two wings of Tory Toffs, settled in a referendum dominated by xenophobia" @Manuel_TSSA calls it  
Brexit referendum: a "radical and fundamental" curtailment of sovereignty of parliament, says Supreme Court 2IC Lady Hale.  
Can Theresa May please play her S&M games with Trump in private, and not in her role as PM. We are not Trump's 'subs'.#Brexit #StopBrexit 
There's a face-saving way to #StopBrexitDeclare A50 to be unfit for purpose (true)Cancel A50 notificationSet up #Brexit Royal Commission 
Investment in UK car industry plummets amid #Brexit uncertainty Sorry Leavers we did warn you.#Remain #StopBrexit 
PM's inflexible approach to the ECJ & Euratom exposes a critical flaw in her entire Brexit approach.  ? 
The cost of hard brexit: food prices set to soar. I wonder if anybody inside DEFRA is paying the slightest attention  
Euro-judge warns of unpleasant #Brexit surprise from European Court  
This is fantastic. Slightly more subtle than Barnier’s normal route of just telling the UK it is wrong :-) #Brexit  
Good on @STRUANSTEVENSON, we need more principled Tories speaking up: Rural Scotland faces a post-Brexit meltdown.  
Brexit cost of living squeeze gets increasingly severe: ONS says earnings rose by 2.0% year-on-year, but inflation at 2.9%. 
Boris freelancing on Brexit policy feels a bit like old trick of building credentials with anti-EU ultras in parliament, for obvious purpose 
Keep going @carolecadwalla the links between Trump, Brexit and the various Leave campaigns are very murky. Follow the money.... 
More desperate Brexit news.  
When yer Brexit da wants to cheer on Johanna Konta at #Wimbledon, then finds out she was born in Oz & her parents are Hungarian immigrants. 
At what point does the new crop of Tory MPs representing rural Scotland go "Oh, cripes, bonkers Brexit is gonna stuff my constituents"?  
But but ... #brexit apocalypse   
This current LABOUR Party are not just nasty party but ANTI BRITISH PARTY too. Instead of offering constructive ideas #Brexit they obstruct. 
A Brexit that satisfies the 52 per cent is an impossible dream  
Ireland should get extra seats in European Parliament after #Brexit for voters in N Ireland with Irish passports says @GuyVerhofstadt 
The Brexit Elite believe they can shout down, bully and lie to achieve their selfish aim of turning UK into a tax dodgers paradise.  
Blog: Brexit is dying - The Brexit truth that needs to be spoken was stated on the World at One yesterday by fo...  
Brexit: it's still about angry, pointless, untargeted retribution for some non-existent wrong.  
Let's be positive: Brexit is a fantastic opportunity! For Paris, Frankfurt, Berlin, Dublin, Amsterdam and Copenhagen. 
There's a mighty big stink rolling in re referendum data targeting - which Carole revealed and media tried to ignaore  
French PM @EPhilippePM (in English!) to financiers vows new tax, jobs law, schools to woo post Brexit jobs from UK  
Top Scots Tory calls for an end to calamitous Brexit as Scottish farmers face post-EU wipe-out 
I'm still not sure you can set Trump/Russia/Brexit out more concisely than I did to Parliament, EU, NATO and the FBI back in May...  
The Government has taken a damaging referendum result and is making it worse () 
And he's right. Brexit is an absolute disaster for Scots farmers from the berry farms to the research laboratories.  
There should be no place for unpatriotic, EU sympathisers in the civil service... #Brexit 
DENIAL: Cable still insists Brexit may not happen. Wake up and smell the  We're leaving!  
Food prices set to soar as hard Brexit approaches  
Furious LBC guest SAVAGES 'biased' BBC for attempting to unseat May and stop Brexit  
Britain has had a disastrous start to Brexit deal making, says former UK negotiator to the EU  
Every way you turn, Britain’s post-Brexit future looks bright  via @CityAM 
Yes @MichelBarnier, leaving the EU and the Single Market will seriously damage Britain. #Brexit makes no sense!  
Farage: "Brexit was never going to solve any of our domestic problems".Try explaining that to the average Leave voter who thought it would  
Final Brexit deal will go to the ECJ to be judged if it is compatible with EU law (says former British judge who worked there)  
Pound falls yet again as Bank of England deputy says he isn't ready to back a rate increase  
A #Brexit supporter murdered Jo Cox.We now know people wanted to torture/kill Gina Miller.Who in 'Remain' ever threatened anybody?#Toxic 
UK aristocrat faces jail after posting menacing & racist messages against anti-Brexit campaigner.  
William Hague is paid £250k pa by company advising HSBC & Nissan on Brexit. Nissan get special deal  
#Libdems blocked this Referendum for 5 year. Tories in power 1 year, result chaos! Join us  
Ryanair warns there will be NO flights between Britain and Europe if Brexit deal isn't reached  
James O’Brien destroys Leave voter in on-air row about what Brexit is really about  
Based on how the Tories are handling Brexit talks, you'd be forgiven for thinking they haven't got the slightest idea what they're doing. 
The mission of Brexit supporting newspapers is avoiding EU scrutiny of the aggressive tax avoidance of their owners 
This British politician casually dropped the N-word when talking about Brexit.  
It was a great honour to host this packed event in the European Parliament with standing room only. Huge interest in the Indy Referendum!  
Excellent poll. We should have a referendum on the monarchy. Once the scroungers are ejected let's have a written constitution.  
The more people say and believe that Brexit can be stopped, the sooner it will be stopped.  
#Brexit#charitytuesday#NonVeg_NotAllowed_InBible Kabir Saheb,all the souls originated from the word in the Satlok  
My last big #Brexit speech offering an Irish view of what we see as an unfortunate development.  
The descent into Brexit chaos accelerates on a daily basis, says @steverichards14 
Very proud to have put Trump, Brexit, and Russia together first over at @Byline_Media Watching the world catch up is painful though. 
Brexit: US bank warns thousands of jobs may leave UK - and there's nothing Britain can do to stop it  
An American wrote this Twitter thread on Brexit and it's eye-opening  
#Brexit minister Steve Baker wants EU 'wholly torn down' - a result which would please only Putin. #StopBrexit 
A lot of people in Sunderland are having second thoughts about #Brexit #StopBrexit #Remain 
Tom Pride: I am SICK of raving right-wingers, UKIPers and racists stealing OUR flag. Let’s take it back. #Brexit 
John Gapper: The fatal divide for business in Brexit Britain  
If Brexit was cancelled most people wouldn't riot, they would party! 
Jamie Dimon is warning that US banks could be forced to leave London after Brexit  
Brextremists have stopped saying Brexit will be good for Britain, just that it has to happen because of the EU ref?... No it doesn't.  
Brexit, was a test run by Mercer to see if he could use Fake news to win the election. 
"A de facto referendum" is not enough. Trump & all who supported him need to be shamed into oblivion. This can NEVER happen again.  
He was key to accomplishing Brexit  
Impeachment isn't happening, but the 2018 congressional elections promise to be a de facto referendum on Trump  
The UK is running out of curry chefs - and Brexit is expected to make things worse  
King's College London has proposed building a post-Brexit satellite campus in Germany  
Never in my life have I seen so many incompetent politicians in so many positions of power with such an impotent opposition 2 them. #Brexit 
What a dog's Brexit. May wastes 3 months with General Election which she loses. No real strategy, Minister's disagreeing and clock ticking. 
Guinness tankers: 13k crossings a yearHard Brexit= Hard Irish Border= 30-60 minute wait= More expensive beer  
#PresidentBarzani presented the case for #KurdistanReferendum on independence @Europarl_EN & urged int'l community to support the referendum  
Pres Barzani briefed @ManfredWeber chair @EPPGroup @Europarl_EN on the #Referendum & urged members of int'l community to support referendum.  
"Most problematic aspect of May’s speech was her continuing pretence that Brexit can somehow make the UK better". 
Brexit isn't crumbling. It can't because it was never an edifice. It was a Fata Morgana. Now it's simply evaporating the closer we get to it 
US bank says thousands of jobs could leave UK after Brexit  
There does seem to be an anti brexit anti trump theme with the Queen's hats recently don't you think?  
Brexit ignorance abounds. Ryanair are Europe's largest budget airline & Easyjet warning of post-Brexit restrictions!  
Brexit Means More Ec. Freedom and International Prosperity. It Should Not Be Derailed.  @AldenAbbott1 @DailySignal 
Vince Cable argues economic difficulties may eventually force a reversal of Brexit  
Let's never forget that the two UK politicians who've judged Trump to be a credible ally are Theresa May and Nigel Farage #skypapers #brexit 
Rees Mogg is sense on legs. My moneys' on him to grab this country by the throat and talk some sense into it. #MoggMentum #Brexit 
Hey Boris. Remember you were flying along that zip wire... then got stuck and just dangled? Yeah, Brexit.  
As Labour &Tories deluded themselves on "cake&eat it" #Brexit they are thus paving way for their humiliation of UK!!  
A year on from the EU Referendum, then. Does anyone have any sound, reasoned arguments for leaving yet?We're waiting...#brexitmeansbrexit 
Poor Alastair doesn't realise that the 23 June vote is exactly and solely the reason why Brexit must happen. That's democracy.  
Sir Vince Cable: Fears over Turkish immigration drove Brexit vote  
 I'm hearing anti brexit remain talk. Vince Cable gets my vote. #fightback 
I think @faisalislam does a great job on Brexit. Thanks Faisal You've had the courage of your convictions. Too many colleagues have not. 
Upvoted - Britain has had a disastrous start to Brexit deal making, says former UK negotiator to the EU:  
If you're dating in Britain, Brexit can be a deal-breaker  
If Daniel Levy gets £60m for Eric Dier he should be put in charge of Brexit negotiations. 
This Brexit thing has opened up a hornets nest of vile, & the media giving certain people a platform has not helped, it actually fuels 
Corbyn isn’t going to save Theresa May’s career over Brexit  
David Davis insists the Government's #Brexit position has NOT changed after electionBritain is STILL LEAVING the EU 
We will overturn or weaken Brexit to save the country from self-destruction. Pissing off xenophobes will be a bonus  
Chairs of the four largest groups in the European Parliament threaten to veto Brexit deal over EU citizens' rights:  
It was obvious to anyone paying attention that Brexit was a con and that it was a conspiracy to con. Likewise with Trump and Russia in USA 
It's sad to think that after #brexit we'll all have to call tapas "a picky tea" 
Well, of course. Why on earth is Nigel Farage' involved in Californian "Brexit"? I ask Arron Banks Look who else is 
Just for balance, why not a front page story, too, on the shocking scale of hard-right bullying on Brexit?  
Govt in denial. Says transitional Brexit arrangements necessary because UK ready but other EU countries are not!   
If Brexit doesn’t happen, then Britain isn’t a democracy | Coffee House  
Ryanair boss: ‘No flights’ between UK and EU after Brexit  
Bloody foreigners, coming over here to work in the NHS, carrying out life saving surgery. The very cheek of it. #hospital #Brexit 
In the Netherlands banker bonuses are capped at 20%. Can't see many banks going there post-Brexit. 
Brexit-voting UK north-east is most reliant on EU services market   
Reverse Brexit, at last the perfect U-turn.  
Thanks @TUCGlobal for important Brexit discussions with German trade unions today. Working people across Europe have many shared interests.  
This is our 'fantastic' new #Brexit economic future? Dereliction of duty shown by Davis, Fox et al is remarkable  
Sorry Leavers but we did warn you: Consumer spending has fallen to its lowest levels in nearly four years#Brexit 
David Davis: transitional period may be needed during Brexit  
All white & just 1 woman-Why is our Brexit team like this? | Tania Branigan-Opinion-The Guardian For goodness sake!  
This Brexit facade has started to cost jobs. Cost investment. Cost a loss in taxation meaning less money for public spending #Brexitshambles 
One red line going down, two to go! Govt retreat on Brexit gathers pace. 
In other news; There is no Plan A #brexit  
Boris Johnson says the UK has no plan B if Brexit with the EU talks fail  
."The UK will reverse course on Brexit once flight cancellations start to hit British holidaymakers". 
An irresponsibility bred out of arrogance, reinforced by ignorance, and perpetuated by malign stupidity. That's the Tory approach to Brexit.  
Calling out Corbyn & May's coalition of chaos, @vincecable takes another step in building consensus to fight Brexit. 
& new today: FBI investigating bots linked directly to BrexitBut in Britain..zip, zilch, no investigation, nothing? 
OPINION: It's not too late to stop Brexit, if the British public plays its part  
Done !!! I like Brexit survivals packs -- even better, I like cancelled Brexits !! :)  
Leave.EU's attack on Soros combines vicious antisemitism with support for Russia against a promoter of democracy in Eastern Europe#Brexit  
Steve @bell summing up @BorisJohnson's EU/Brexit stance very accurately. What a *add your own expletive" that man is.  
May wants "help" over Brexit for the same reason Cameron wanted "help" in 2010.To force through their worst, & blame it on somebody else. 
Galvanising speech by Home Secretary @AmberRuddHR sketching out our #Conservative vision to drive forward Brexit BritainDelivering for   
Theresa May Turns To Brother For Advice On Brexit 
Dear Leavers,You could have had Brexit, but you were too stupid to do your homework. Now it's crumbling to pieces around your ears. 
..Gen Flynn "advisor" to Cambridge Analytica/SCL, says @washingtonpost. Company at heart of Brexit. Bringing us full circle back to Farage..  
Brexit is crumbling!  Now we need to work on FOM! ☞ UK government concedes transitional role for ECJ after Brexit  
This #Brexit keeps getting more and more unreal.#brexitshambles 
Aristocrat faces jail over £5,000 offer to 'run over' Brexit campaigner Gina Miller 
Every bit a debacle. #Brexit  
is it me or have our MP's lost all common sense over Brexit & democracy ? 
Whilst the PM says #Brexit means Brexit, Japan lays out more detailed reasons for the dangers facing Britain:  
Please retweet if you think that Brexit needs to be stopped and cancelled! #StopBrexit #EUnited  
President Barzani: Erbil will not ask the Iraqi parliament to make a decision regarding independence referendum  
Chief #Brexit negotiator for the EU warns THEY could veto any final deal if they're not satisfied. . .Go on then...... 
Aussie PM cant wait to do #Brexit deal with UK in slap in the face to remoaner MPs who reside down under in the a**ehole of UK politics 
Remain spinners: "Economists & Trade Unions say Brexit will harm incomes" well, yes, THEIR INCOMES Eu pays them with OUR money to say so.  
JP Morgan boss sounds warning on Brexit job exodus  
Brexit cake is now more humble pie for Britain   
'We will re-join the EU' QUISLING SCUM Heseltine bashes older voters saying young WILL reverse Brexit  
Please do not tar everyone who voted Brexit as a racist. The actions of a tiny few should never be used to taint the majority. Ask Muslims. 
But EU has said no extension because of EU elections ☞ David Davis: transitional period may be needed during Brexit  
Brexit is supposedly going to be great for ordinary people, so why did a toff go apeshit threatening #GinaMiller  
A Brexit that satisfies the 52 per cent is an impossible dream. Remainers are the largest united group  
This constant onslaught attempting to upset Brexit has gone far enough. Walk away now, there is no way this does anyone any good. 
Farage is undoubtedly playing politics but who can doubt Corbyn is pro Brexit?  
Is it realistic to think we can stop Brexit?... Yes.  
David Davis was asked how many women are on your team?He answered he doesn't know. That's his stance on #Brexit too. He doesn't know!  
Corbyn isn’t going to save Theresa May’s career over Brexit  
Boris Johnson says European leaders   ‘go whistle’. Jeremy Corbyn says "Treat people with respect" #Brexit #ToriesOut #JC4PM 
JPMorgan is already moving 'several hundred' jobs from London due to Brexit. Its chief is warning more could follow  
Brexit has been a religion for a while, no proof just blind belief in a mystical bus 
Boris Johnson accuses EU of 'extortion' over Brexit divorce bill and says it can 'go whistle 
So which high profile #Brexiter is honest enough to be the first person to break ranks and tell the truth that #Brexit is a serious mistake? 
Vince Cable: PM seeking a Tory-Labour coalition to achieve hard Brexit  
This Brexit gift just keeps giving .... this time, implications for the European Arrest Warrant  
No other countries will follow Britain in leaving the EU, Brexit Secretary David Davis admits  
Sir Digby has been at the diesel again. "Quick Ginger! My nemesis thinks Brexit is a shit idea! To the arcade!" Dun dela dun dela dun... 
Brexit will not only be good for Britain. In the medium to long term it'll be bloody excellent   
So Labour ask for a consensus based Brexit policy, get offered a chance to have just that... And this is the grown up response?  
Meanwhile let's pop over to the #Brexit negotiations to see how well they are going.. 
Competition! RT & follow to win Brexit survival pack! @IanDunt Brexit What The Hell Happens Now? Mini EU flag & Mcr4EU badge! Ends 22/07/17  
Ever seen the #Tories so  dismissive of business?That's how you know  #Brexit is more than politics; more than business; more than reason.  
This is 100% correct.#Brexit is a religion... a faith..a life cause that many have dedicated their lives to.Reason.. will not reach them.  
UK concedes ECJ transitional role AFTER #Brexit. 'twas always going to have to be the case. Hardliners are learning 
Britain's Brexit negotiators will soon discover that cheap flights depend on international agreements—a hard landing pic.twitter.com/3c5UIpMsQk 
US Govt Lists Names Of IPOB Officers To Visit White House July 21 For Referendum Talk  
1) We knew it already but this makes it clearerNo one, not May, not Davis, not any of the Government, knows what they're doing on #Brexit  
You supposedly want brexit so why not work with her. Thats what the people voted for 
No brexit please, we're British. 
L’esprit de Brexit was strong in this one. Make a really stupid decision, then make it worse through pride, arrogance & utter cluelessness  
Remainer script fails as Aussie PM says "Vision for UK post-#Brexit filled with optimism" and calls for trade deal.  
NOTE to BoJo !Do you think we're dumb ?The UK will have EU assets & liabilities all of which will have to be disaggregated re.#Brexit 
This is somebody frantically  signalling from the back window  of the runaway car.#DavidDavis#Brexit  
Obviously, as a Hungarian, Konta will have to go home after Brexit... #Wimbledon2017 
.#Brexodus"Dublin is leading the race to claim post-Brexit financial businesses from the UK, with almost 10%..". 
#truth @theresa_may asking @jeremycorbyn for help with Brexit is admission of @Conservatives incompetence.Time to resign and new GE 
.“It is readers of the Sun & the Daily Mail who will be feeling most bemused as the reality of Brexit kicks in". 
Certainly but it must be patriotic, Brexit, pro-Commonwealth, encourage personal endeavour, invigorate our economy & banish PC servitude.  
Really pleased that @Manuel_TSSA is calling for Labour to oppose Brexit. There is no such thing as a "good Brexit"  
Brexit is like playing Russian roulette with a fully loaded gun: complete insanity. But some are still happy to play 
Let’s face it: we’re botching Brexit  via CapX 
."Scottish Tory linked to a secretive £425K Brexit campaign donation to DUP challenged to name source of money". 
'I don’t think anybody is likely to follow us down this route', Brexit Secretary admits  
Bananas from the Leeward Is, not Central AmericaBacon from England, not DenmarkStrawberries from America, not FranceBrexit 
What is the problem to which you think Brexit is a solution?Name it. And we will show you that there is a far better answer inside the EU. 
Olive oil from California, not ItalyBrie from Somerset, not FranceBrown sauce from Essex, not Holland.Brexit. 
Britain's Brexit negotiators will soon discover that cheap flights depend on international agreements  
How many warnings about #Brexit do people need?  
Not fooling anyone, @BorisJohnson You know Brexit is a con so how about you and your Brexiteer cronies 'go whistle' 
."Only the wilfully deluded now believe that a “cake-and-eat-it” Brexit is on offer". 
I am glad we have Trump on our side post Brexit. 
Between #Brexit & #Trump I seem to spend large amounts of time shaking my head in disbelief. I would love it to end. 
No other countries will follow Britain in leaving the EU, admits Brexit Secretary David Davis  
Even the 'Vote Leave' chief believes Theresa May's Brexit plans are too extreme 
Baroness Kennedy asks #Brexit Sec David Davis about the number of women on the EU negotiating team  
Listening to historic speech by KRG President @masoud_barzani on planned independence Referendum for Kursdistan on Sep 25th (my birthday!)  
Why Brexit could mean a pricier pint of Guinness  
."Brexit & Trump - just a taste of crises our society will suffer if ignorance & knowledge become equally valid". pic.twitter.com/AvifxzuG61 
JP Morgan: we'll only move jobs from UK after Brexit if EU forces us  
Aristocrat found guilty after calling for violence against Brexit campaigner Gina Miller Good. 
David Davis tells Baroness Wilcox: “[Michel Barnier] wants this [Brexit] to be a success ‘every bit as much as I do’”  
I genuinely never thought I’d see a Conservative party so anti-business and anti-banking. Brexit is now a religion to these people.  
Then start following Labour supporters and oppose Brexit, Tom.  
Helena Kennedy asks David Davis how many women are on the #Brexit negotiation team.  
So, the exasperation of millions of @UKLabour supporters to #stopbrexit is...*finally**getting* *through* @ChukaUmunna#Brexit  
David Davis doesn't know how many women are on his Brexit negotiating team. One. Here's picture.  
David Davis tells pro-EU Baroness Kennedy it is nonsense to suggest a supranational court is needed in the post-Brexit EU-UK relationship  
Brexit causes house price surge in Frankfurt as bankers prepare to up sticks or COMMUTE to Germany  
People voted for Brexit over fears of '80m Turks coming to their village', says Vince Cable  
David Davis before the referendum....  
It's increasingly hard to see how the 2018 midterm election doesn't become a referendum on impeachment. 
Australian courts don't rule on Australians' rights in the UK.The ECJ shouldn't rule on the rights of EU citizens in the UK after Brexit. 
The real subject of Brexit's never been the EU. It's been a UK crisis of state: corrupt Tories, zombie Labour; voter bigotry, rich or poor. 
The Brexit Fairy is strong in this one  
Sir Keir Starmer helps launch the deal for #Ceramics. Says we need a #Brexit deal that works for our community and sector.  
.@DavidDavisMP thinks that @MichelBarnier will give up the fight for EU/UK citizens to make #Brexit a success.  
Theresa has issued an appeal for help re Brexit. Here it is: stop it. 
Industrial production post-Brexit (Jul 16 - May 17):Italy +2.8%Britain -0.2% 
Angela Merkel has some advice for a British expat after Brexit... get a German passport  
OUTRAGEOUS: European Court of Justice could still rule over Britain after Brexit. 
Help us demand a referendum to demand a fair deal on Equalization for Alberta at derekfildebrandt.ca. #ableg 
Banks begin London exodus as hopes of transitional #Brexit deal fade  
David Davis dismisses threat of banks moving to Paris after Brexit.."good luck to them" 
ConservativeMP suspended after using the term “n***** in the woodpile” when talking about Brexit. What should punishment be?RETWEET & VOTE 
Only a matter of time before MPs realize that Brexit is a national humiliation & only q is how to extricate. The answer is not *compromise* 
Between #borisjohnson's no #brexit plan and #daviddavis' we have a plan for Brexit, ordinary Britain doesn't have a hope in hell. 
Is holding a referendum on Brexit any different?Highly technical and academicHuge potential riskMultiple options yet binary choice  
And luckily that's not how the law works. It's not a popular referendum. And that's why it's a good system.  
Put it this way: If the government held a referendum on which nuclear isotope to use in our reactors, and lied to us, whose fault is that? 
David Davis says no softening of Govt's stance on brexit.  "Degree of misinterpretation" by media 
The Bank of England issues a new Brexit warning  
David Davis on chances of Brexit prompting domino effect elsewhere in Europe: "I don't think anyone is likely to follow us down this route." 
Brexit will be better for Britain than Iraq was for Dr David Kelly  
Do you think the people leading Brexit negotiations have the general public's best interests in mind? 
.@ChukaUmunna – Johnson and Davis throw Government into ‘no deal’ Brexit confusion  
Nothing like the arrogance of #vincecable who enforced austerity upon the people to keep the entitled rich but thinks he can kill #brexit  
#Australia & #UK commit to free trade deal "as soon as possible" once #Brexit negotiations have concluded 
Boris doesn't understand that if you renege on one set of deals - nobody will sign new ones with you. #Brexit @GuyVerhofstadt 
Barzani invited the international community to send observers to monitor the September 25 referendum  
One graph pretty well tells the story.It's not being re-debated much anymore - because we succeeded in getting Brexit.  
Heseltine bashes older voters saying young WILL reverse Brexit. He makes 900,000 pounds per annum from the EU  
Great read - If Brexit doesn’t happen, then Britain isn’t a democracy  
UK:  Anger as electoral fraud ignored in Muslim areas due to ‘political correctness’ | Your Brexit #ma4t  
Will Not accept a Soft Brexit !!’ Rees-Mogg calls for “Brexit Fightback” against EU -   
"In the bag". Not even in the room with the bag. Not even agreed timetable to approach the bag, except to say has to wait until after Brexit  
Not since WW2 has there been a greater need for politicians to pull together to deliver Brexit, Labour lacks the public spirit & patriotism. 
John Lewis boss says Brexit is an opportunity for UK firms to compete globally and raise productivity worth £100bn.  
Boris: EU can “go whistle” if it thinks we’re paying big Brexit bill  
The UK is running out of curry chefs - and Brexit is expected to make things worse  
Kay Burley calls out scheming Anne Soubry's anti-Brexit betrayal  
There is no evidence That #Brexit Is bad for UK The economy hasn't crashedThe stock market is rising.Exports are boomingPMI at new highs  
Govt in chaos as @BorisJohnson admits: there is no plan for a no deal Brexit - Sign our petition against no deal now  
Michael O'Leary of @Ryanair says "We will be cancelling people's 2019 holidays" if there's no #Brexit deal on aviation by Sept 2018 
May talks of 'our Parliamentary democracy' - in which sovereignty resides, not in an advisory referendum outcome. Unless when convenient? 
Govt in chaos as Boris Johnson says there is ‘no plan’ for 'no deal' Brexit, but David Davis said there was  
Germans aren't stupid. They know that after Brexit, when the country is broke, more people will need cheap food.  
Shoppers will see ‘prices, quality and choice’ hit by Brexit 
If you voted to Leave the EU last year, do you still think the UK should Leave the EU? I'd be interested to know what you think! #Brexit 
So important, this. Gradually every Brexit lie and promise is unravelling. We need to give people 2nd say on the deal, or lack of it.  
The thing about sovereignty is that it cannot exist without influence and power. UK is substantially diminished in both because of Brexit.  
It's a mystery to me why @UKIP are NOT opposing the crazy plan of Tory Gov to continue paying EU nationals, in UK. benefits, after #Brexit  
#Brexit will be as good for Britain to the same extent that Alastair Campbell was bad for Britain.  
Brexit will be good for Britain.  
Boris Johnson accuses EU of 'extortion' over Brexit divorce bill and says it can 'go whistle'  
There is a Brexiteer misconception that Remainers want the country to fail. Not so. That's why we were so upset by the referendum result. 
Boris Johnson says the sums of money the EU is proposing to demand from Britain for Brexit "seem to be extortionate"  
Vince Cable says need for a second referendum on the EU is quite different to the idea of a second referendum for Scotland 
This is most factually incorrect thing I have seen said by any politician on Brexit. Even on a bus.No formal negotiations even started.  
We've already had the second referendum.  
KRG and Peshmerga were essential in destroying Isis caliphate. With independence referendum we have a chance to show our support for them. 
Does anyone seriously believe that a second majority vote to Leave the EU would persuade Remoaners to give up trying to block Brexit?  
Vince Cable tells #pressgallery lunch that a Brexit vote in a second referendum would kill the issue forever. 
Labour would be totally out of its depth in strategising post-Brexit UK. For 44 years it's been spoon-fed policy by Brussels bureaucrats. 
It's increasingly clear that the Digbys, Johnsons and Hannans of the #brexit world add nothing of value but are desperate for attention  
One by one, #brexit’s ‘salvations’ are seen to be illusory | Nick Cohen  #UKtoStay 
Frank discussion with RyanAir CEO Michael O'Leary about the problems that will emerge as a result of Brexit. More:  
Brexit will be good for Britain............. incidentally ,there is no such thing as extreme Brexit...its either IN or OUT... we voted OUT .  
Matthew Parris, arch-Remainer, on World At One basically confirmed Tory Remainers want to trigger leader contest in order to block Brexit. 
Serious chance that Brexit will now not happen - and increasing numbers of civil servants agree, @vincecable tells #pressgallery 
Sorry, Maxwell. You've got it backwards. Brexit means going global. The EU is self-referential, inward-looking, protectionist, in decline.  
Head of Heathrow airport tells European Parliament aviation hearing that no #Brexit deal would = "colossal failure" 
UK #Brexit negotiations strategy @davidallengreen 
A big fight is brewing over a key piece of financial infrastructure after Brexit: here’s what’s at stake  
Let's not forget that if UK walked away from #Brexit negotiations w/o paying a penny, it would hit EU finances hard  
*Brexit Explained*  
Great news for Ireland. @FT reports that Dublin is the top destination for financial firms considering a move from London post-#Brexit.  
This British politician casually said the N-word while talking about Brexit.  
*Brexit*  
Today's populism is a failure of yesterday's education.#Trump #brexit #kthopkins #infowars #brexit #brietbart #may #dailymail 
Brexit is too hard for Corbyn's shadow cabinet to unite over, this is May's opportunity says @asabenn 
Excellent work by @SarahLudford continuing to put pressure on the Govt over a referendum on Deal v Remain & votes at 16.  
King's College London has proposed building a post-Brexit satellite campus in Germany  
Doubts over Brexit mount as May marks year in power...  
My 8pm Periscope topics. 1. Rees Mogg on Brexit 2.The N word. 3. The Great population replacement in France! Join me then! Please RT! 
New FBI investigation into social media bots. Study by @pnhoward found Trump bots previously Brexit bots. But..nothing to see here, right?  
Elections come every few years, #brexit ruins country irrevocably. 
How do you feel about the prospect of Brexit not happening? My answer: Delighted. What do you think?  
#Kurdistan Region President, Masoud Barzani says Belgium is ready to send observers to monitor the process of independence referendum. 
Loving the robotic trolls saying 'Brexit good for Britain' in answer to multiple thousand likes/ RTs anti Brexit tweets. They never say why! 
Referendum; KANU now our new leader with overwhelming influence on IGBOs, dialogue with him not our political elites  
Growing view that #Brexit is not achievable. @theresa_may dressing up desperation as humility in plea for cross-party unity 
More evidence of the diplomatic "skills" of @BorisJohnson - straight out of 'How to make friends & influence people'.#Brexit#ToriesOut 
JOIN US LIVE ON RADIO BIAFRA USA@UN NIGERIAN GOVT SAYSSELF DETERMINATION ISA CALL FOR WAR?IS TRUE OR #Referendum  
Boris Johnson: EU can 'go whistle' over Brexit divorce bill  
Great to see this story of murky #Brexit finance going mainstream. Questions must be asked - and answered urgently.  
One from the archives. Reported Brexit as a Fraud a year ago, before knowing the truth about Russia and the rest...  
Cut flowers from Kenya, not from HollandCars from Japan, not GermanyWine from NZ, not FranceOranges from South Africa, not Spain.Brexit 
.@M_AndersonSF good meeting, with.@GuyVerhofstadt, ensuring Irish border central to Brexit negotiations.Guy to visit Ireland in September.  
Dublin is top destination for financial groups post-Brexit  via @FT 
HSBC CEO confirms possible 'hard' Brexit plan to move 1,000 jobs to Paris  
Foreign Sec @BorisJohnson tells EU to 'go whistle' over so-called Brexit bill  
#Turkey sees protests against #Erdogan alleging threat to democracy. Experts believe Erdogan moving towards #dictatorship after referendum.  
Even #Brexiteers admit #Britain is botching #Brexit: 
Brexit will be GREAT for BritainIndependent - Self-Governing - SovereignBritain has dared to dream and think BIGGood days ahead for   
Brexit as an imperial hangover: when pushed (~3.50), Wayne argues "we used to own three-thirds [sic] of the world".  
#Brexit will cost how much?! We've done the maths with the help of @alexebarker  - @SkyNews 
James O’Brien destroys Leave voter in on-air row about what Brexit is really about  
'Only the wilfully deluded now believe that a cake-and-eat-it Brexit is on offer' I argue with those idiots everyday. 
when ur the PM giving a speech on a review on the gig economy and Boris Johnson starts talking about Brexit in the Commons  
PM + DD have been very, very careful not to rule out paying some form of Brexit bill, but now Boris says no to "a penny piece more"....!  
First Reading today of my @LibDemLords Private Member's Bill on holding of a Ref for voters (incl 16+) to choose betw Brexit deal & #Remain 
Boris Johnson: EU can "go whistle" for any final payment from the UK.  #Brexit  
Very good piece from @RupertMyers on the impossible dream of Brexit  
The casualness with which some are now saying Brexit won't happen is worrying Brendan O'Neill: 
Boris Johnson accuses EU of 'extortion' over Brexit divorce bill and says it can 'go whistle'  
BORIS: EU can "go whistle" if it tries to charge Britain massive Brexit bill. 
.@VinceCable: Even the leading architect of the Leave campaign now believes May's Brexit plans are too extreme  
Sterling leadership from the DUP. Wee Jeff can't be found for comment on bonfires & Brexit cash, but mention the RA? 
BREXIT I am fed up with all the talking/no action.DO SOMETHING - INCREASE OUR BORDER CONTROLS & START DEPORTING ILLEGALS - START IT NOW 
Boris Johnson has just made a major concession, saying the JMC which includes Scottish and Welsh Gov, will have to endorse final Brexit deal  
Brexit will be good for Britain.  
UK Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson tells parliament EU can "go whistle" over "extortionate" #Brexit bill proposals 
Boris Johnson has agreed with a Tory MP that the EU can "go whistle" for any final payment from the UK. #Brexit  
How DUP tried to delay publication of its massive and secret Brexit  donation  
Boris to Barnier re Brexit bill via Commons: "go whistle is an entirely appropriate expression." 
Government claim they are considering publishing their 'no deal' Brexit plan. Only one problem: there isn't one. Yet more Tory chaos.  
Trade Unions beginning to conclude that #brexit must be stopped to avoid #economic catastrophe : via @labourlist 
Umpteen public hearings here in Brussels on the granular implications of potential brexit. I'm sure UK government is preparing lots too   
Plaid Cymru has joined a new group to fight a 'hard' Brexit  
Watch our board member @OwenPaterson explain on @GMB why the government is on track to deliver Brexit:  
Boris Johnson - EU can 'go whistle' for large sums to settle Brexit bill 
Theresa May doesn't want Labour to lend her a hand. She wants someone else to blame when Brexit negotiations go tits up. 
John Lewis boss hails £100bn Brexit opportunity to boost UK firms' productivity  
My spellchecker still insists on "Brevity" for "Brexit".  
Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson says the sums of money the EU is proposing to demand from the UK for Brexit "seem to be extortionate" 
James O’Brien destroys Leave voter in on-air row about what Brexit is really about  
Top three -  EU is a law governed institution & Brexit is legal process. Not as amenable to politics as transactionalist Brits would like.  
NEW Boris Johnson tells Brussels they can "go whistle" for a big Brexit bill paid by Britain to leave the European Union 
Clearing firms simulate Lehman-like default during Brexit chaos  
Brexit will be good for Britain.  
Yep. All the big multi-national bankers are in #Paris right now. Not very nice guys and gals. Let me repeat: they're in Paris.#Brexit  
We want Paris to be Europe's leading financial hub after Brexit. Eager to present our bold new measures at the #ForumParis2017 @europlace. 
Speak no evil. Time for business chiefs to speak up on Brexit. Tonight's column here:  
UK legal firms risk being less competitive post-Brexit. In last yr: 1K UK lawyers registered in Ire - 10x normal no.  
Our local MP @MickeyBradySF speaks on the disaster Brexit will bring to the border constituency of Newry & Armagh.  
20. Parliament, and UK ministers, are no longer in control of Brexit, whatever the "numbers"./ends 
We started   1 yr ago. The news of Brexit effects quickens with each day. Please share this resource with Leavers. 
19. Cross-bench alliances can vote for all sorts of concessions and compromises on Brexit, but no reason why EU will notice still less care. 
One of the best forensic dissections of the logical fallacies underpinning Brexit you will ever see. This one's a keeper.  
Our latest from The Commentator: Tory Europhiles are senselessly damaging Britain in Brexit negotiations  
I've said it before on Brexit, I'll say it again - if you want to know what unraveling looks like here it is.  
Oh, and to any MPs expressing surprise re. #Euratom - Davis *explicitly* mentioned it 31 Jan in Commons! #Brexit  
Important thread . UK Gov still talks as if it can decide the terms of Brexit unilaterally. A more realistic approach urgently needed  
Everyone interested in Brexit should read this genius thread  
Aldi is to create nearly 4,000 new UK jobs as the German supermarket presses ahead with an aggressive expansion strategy, despite Brexit. 
Europe’s Brexit chief @GuyVerhofstadt brands Britain citizenship offer a ‘damp squib’ >>  
What? These seditious Brexit extremists are mental. You deal with the devil, you play his tune forever.  
5.  The A50 notification changed everything. The UK is no longer in control of the Brexit process, whether the "numbers" are there or not. 
Why did you, @JonAshworth, vote for the Article 50 trigger when withdrawing from Euratom is explicitly in the UK's letter? Pfff. #Brexit  
BREXIT is fantastic, we will rejoin the world, away from the parochial backward looking corrupt EU a new dawn YIPPEE  
So how did you vote on the Article 50 trigger? When the letter *explicitly* mentioned #Euratom in the third paragraph? #Brexit  
Remember when we warned that Brexit would stop us speaking out for what is right on the international stage? Exhibit 10 (of 1000s) below  
#UKIP Donor Arron Banks admits he met with #Russian spies to get help to influence the #Brexit campaign. #StopBrexit 
An American wrote the only thing on Brexit worth reading  
Project Fear Is Back And Farage Is Absolutely SeethingCancer patients face delays to their treatment due to Brexit 
Be proud to be called a remoaner As a Remain pensioner I am actively campaigning to stay in EU as #brexit is disaster as far as I can see 
WATCH: new all party group on EU relations @eurelationsappg is calling for all options inc Single Market to be on the table in Brexit talks  
Dublin is now the top EU destination for leading financial services companies after Brexit  
Brexit boost: Aldi has announced plans to create 4,000 jobs in the UK as part of its biggest ever recruitment drive.  
This analysis of Brexit is near genius  
Industrial production post-Brexit (Jul 16 - May 17)Italy +2.5%Britain -0.4% 
Brexit-backing Anne Marie Morris attacked from all sides over ‘disgusting’, racist outburst  
Brexit isn't working  
How an emboldened Parliament can halt the descent to Brexit chaos, by @steverichards14 in @TheNewEuropean 
Proof, if ever there was one, that the EU referendum did not commit us to a reckless hard Brexit that Theresa May backs.  
An American wrote this Twitter thread on Brexit and it's eye-opening  
Brexit will be brilliant for Britain. On the other hand Campbell was catastrophic. 
V interesting thread on Euratom- becoming emblem of Govt's reckless disregard of national interest in favour of extreme ideological Brexit  
Well the Brexit bots are out in (unimaginative) force today  
Apparently economics is the new religion  As the madness of Brexit continues, I don't know whether to laugh or cry. 
There is no good Brexit - Labour needs to restart the Remain fight, writes @Manuel_TSSA  
Every day the BBC put the boot into Britain and Brexit. Its time decent people understood the damage they can do and do something to stop it 
Mystery of DUP'S £425k Brexit cash on @Channel4News y'day. @Arron_banks @andywigmore & @odysseanproject uncharacteristically quiet. Why? 
Labour and Lib Dems for 12 months: "Include us in Brexit!" May: "I'd like to include you in Brexit." Labour and the Lib Dems: "You're weak!" 
V significant that trades unions are calling for no Brexit, not soft Brexit. We need to reflect on workers views, not just 'business' views  
Lock him up!Viscount offered bounty to anyone who would run Brexit legal challenger Gina Miller over, court hears  
Brexit will be good for Britain.  
If you're wondering why EU is making so much of running in #A50 #Brexit, it's because they're following good negotiation practice1/ 
Re Euratom: is there actually a single way in which this government has *not* cocked up the Brexit process? 
This should be interesting: Deadline looming for firms to give Brexit strategies to Bank  
That US guy's Brexit thread is good, but addressing it as A Letter From The US, Your Sane Pals is a bit orange-elephant-in-room-avoiding. 
Brexit kryptonite to the any fact based argument. 1) Stop talking Britain down. 2) We won, get over it. 3) Terming you a 'remoaner'. 
Anyone else noticed how Brextremists have stopped saying Brexit will be good for Britain, just that it has to happen cos of 23/6/16 vote? 
There was no talk before the ref that Brexit would cost tBritish taxpayers £billions. Have UK citizens been conned?  
Something specifically on post-Brexit Irish customs border by me, @mauricecampbell & @robmurphybe on @CEPS_thinktank 
This thread on #Brexit is essential reading.  
Surely someone will come up with one even remotely sensible reason for Brexit, eventually? Won't be coming from Wayne though @mrjamesob 
21 Final point: this was probably the wrong guy to put in charge of Brexit policy in this field /ends  
Do remain or remoan think that they are going to overturn Brexit. If they did 17.5 million people would ensure that nothing would work again 
#Brexit All you Remoaners give it a bloody rest 17million voted leave we're leaving don't get hard Brexit we all we show you about marching  
May dumps Brexit paperwork on Corbyn’s doorstep and legs it  
So Brexit will be a disaster, not because it is a stupid idea, but because the people who think it's a stupid idea won't help? Genius 
Would've been Edinburgh if we'd voted Yes in 2014... "Dublin is top destination for financial groups post-Brexit"  
Another significant voice from the Left joins the fight against the Tories disastrous extreme #Brexit  
This is almost certainly what it will take to definitively shift public opinion on Brexit. Our government knows it and carries on anyway.  
Brexit bill BOMBSHELL: Theresa May CAN walk away without paying a penny to EU, experts say  
Why don't the MAJORITY of those in Parliament who know that Brexit is a catastrophe defy the Tory and Labour whips in the national interest? 
Yep. @theresa_may thinks people are fools!Blame for stupid, ruinous, reckless #Brexit lies entirely with @David_Cameron & @Conservatives.  
'Brexit means Brexit' has become a joke phrase on the continent for when someone can't think of anything to say or wants to avoid details  
'Too often we want our tummies tickled!' Rees-Mogg calls for Brexit fightback against EU  
How many more blows to the economy & the future before Brexit is stopped? 
Foreign investment to UK creates fewer jobs as #Brexit looms 
R4: "...particularly given Donald Trump's importance to our post-Brexit..." 
Very good @pollytoynbee column speculates that Theresa May might reverse Brexit  
Theresa May calls on opposition parties to work with her on issues like counter-terrorism, Brexit & workers' rights  
The EU have made it difficult to avoid paying corporate taxes. This rings very true. The Brexit Elite are tax dodgers.  
FIGHTBACK: @Nigel_Farage slams anti-Brexit BBC bias, Project Fear revival.  
On #BBCGMS @LibDems MP Alistair Carmichael says that he will not be helping Theresa May to deliver Brexit  
"The general view is that the Brexit-related slowdown has finally arrived"  #brexitimpact #brexitshambles 
So, Euratom and Brexit. A thread on the main legal and political issues. Basically, the government has three main options. 1/x 
EuratomWHO KNEW BREXIT COULD BE SO COMPLICATED?  
Brexit and the prospect of national humiliation 
UK now vs UK post-Brexit!#Brexit #brexitshambles #EU #Remain 
A reminder that the Brexit campaign of lies was funded by dark money.  
After the G20 summit, Brexit Britain looks increasingly adrift and friendless | Natalie Nougayrède  
Ask a red squirrel 
This Brexit call to @mrjamesob is hilarious and frustrating in equal measures - and that’s why it’s gone viral  
One of brightest of next generation TU gen secs speaks out against Brexit in a way no Lab MP has dared  @Manuel_TSSA 
What a thread. A Brexit must-read  
In what universe is it acceptable for Tory MP Anne Marie Morris to use the phrase: N***** IN A WOODPILE? IN A PUBLIC BREXIT DEBATE!! Vile. 
Many of us thought, before Brexit, that Leavers were bonkers. Now, having seen the evidence of past year, we are absolutely certain of it. 
turns out when they tell you on the train to report anything suspicious to the police, they don't mean the american president or brexit 
Theresa May's Brexit plans branded "unacceptable bulls***" by mastermind of the Vote Leave campaign  
ONLY SLAVE TRADERS AND THIEVES ARE AGAINST BIAFRA REFERENDUM- YORUBA LEADER…/slave-traders-thieves-against-bi…/ 
Brexit legal challenger Gina Miller felt 'violated' when Viscount offered bounty to anyone who would run her over  
Brexit weekly briefing: embattled Theresa May concedes she needs help  
The definitive thread about Brexit.47 must-read tweets.  
There is no good Brexit - Labour needs to restart the Remain fight, writes @Manuel_TSSA 
Farage has already given his answer to what Brexit does to our NHS(Hope you haven't had breakfast yet)  
May is annoying me on trade deals before Brexit. They are illegal while a member. Fines, trashed reputation, that kind of thing. 
Corbyn rebuffs May's offer to work together on post-Brexit policies#ToriesOut #MayMustGo #JC4PM 
As I've said before, whether you agree with Brexit or not, it may simply be beyond our political class to implement it.  
After the G20 summit, Brexit Britain looks increasingly adrift and friendless | Natalie Nougayrède  
Cornish turkeys voted for Christmas. Well stuffed. #Brexit  
Brexit: More than two million UK employees work for companies that are reliant on investment from the EU  
'N****r in the woodpile': Tory MP under fire for racist Brexit remarks  
'Brexit is about to render the country impoverished and powerless in a dangerous world' But May will fail us @pollytoynbee 
A large region of Spain called Catalonia has announced October 1 as the date of a binding referendum on its...  
"Sleepless, anxious, depressed: EU citizens in the shadow of Brexit"....and millions of U.K. citizens.  
Trouble is the deaf dumb and blind kid sure wants to play Hard Brexit. Not listening, not seeing. #StopBrexit #ThatIsMyWill 
Yes, but determining why people voted for Brexit is a hiding to nothing. The Leave campaign threw everything at it. 
Catalonia to declare independence if 'si' vote wins referendum  
King's College London has proposed building a post-Brexit satellite campus in Germany  
I always voted Tory until Brexit. I'm hardly leftwing, such a poor judge.  
That's the problem with the voters, they don't look for information, they don't know what their're voting for.And the same with brexit vote. 
Jeremy, the biggest democratic exercise in British history was the British Civil War. Please stop repeating that Brexit propaganda at me.  
Polish entrepreneurs based in Britain are unbowed by Brexit, reports the FT. Founders with global ambitions see opportunities here in the UK 
Or that Obama's Kenyan heritage meant he was resentful of British empire and therefore couldn't have a valid opinion of Brexit 
This article sums up the current Brexit crisis very well. I agree totally.   
Brexit will ‘undoubtedly’ damage Britain’s influence on world stage, says William Hague | The Independent  
The best Brexit outcome we can hope for is not much change at all  
Stunning conclusion to an epic thread about global reaction to Britain's #Brexit claims  
Thank God he's pushing for a hard Brexit, and keeping them out of the nasty EU. That'll help no end.  
Why oppose only a hard Brexit? No Brexit is a soft or good one. Be bold and oppose Brexit and its stupidity altogether. 
Frankfurt "confident" of poaching Britain’s €930 billion clearing industry after Brexit  via @LondonEconomic 
You must be a true beefeating Brit to believe brexit is a clever move. The rest of the world is laughing out loud behind British backs.  
I get my Polish passport in 2 days, become a citizen of 2 insane countries; one where Gov is drunk on communion wine, the other Brexit juice 
Brexit IS trouble, but many believe there are enough pro-EU politicians to lead the change, and ultimately a new EU.  
How do you feel about the prospect of Brexit not happening? My answer: Delighted. What do you think?  
Retweet if you hate the #EU#Brexit #Nexit #Grexit #Frexit #Italexit #Spexit #Czexit #Swexit #Huxit #Frexit #Auxit #Polexit #Bexit #Pexit 
King's College London is 'in the process' of creating post-Brexit campus in Dresden.  
Splendid thread on the madness of Brexit. We got everything we stomped our feet for, now we're going.  
Labour should never accept a 37% vote gerrymandered to suit the Tory right, won by the hate & lies peddled by Murdoch and Dacre.#Brexit 
May suggests UK health services could be part of US trade deal Which will please the Brexiters#Brexit #StopBrexit 
@Nigel_Farage used Brexit to screw over the very people he promised to help.I left him almost speechless#TuesdayThoughts (Thanks @LBC) 
There was no referendum vote & there is therefore no mandate for removing Freedom of Movement. #Brexit is the theft of rights.#StopBrexit 
The first (welcome!) step of a very long and tortuous Government retreat on Brexit  
So we see how ending freedom of movement could rob some Britons of their jobs and livelihoods. #Brexit means taking control from people 
"Help me get Brexit right"  
In my latest column I speculate about how a Brexit humiliation would change Britain  
‘The real n****r in the woodpile’: Conservative Tory British MP caught using N-word while defending Brexit  
.@TheresaMayPM overtures to #Labour . A very British German-style Grand Coalition to promote hard #Brexit . Time for a rose garden launch? 
'UK govt seems to be reaching out to a US that is simply not there any more. Brexit means finding oneself alone'  
And once again for Leavers - Democracy includes the right to campaign to overturn any policy no matter how arrived at!#Brexit #StopBrexit 
"You cancel Brexit and the millions of supporters will riot... what?... yeah, millions. You don't know them, they go to another school..." 
Brexiteers now claiming vote wasn't anti-EU. So no need to leave then.....? Brexit doesn't mean Brexit  
'Cancel Brexit and diehard supporters will riot!' Will these riots cause greater economic damage than Brexit? No? So screw the lot of them 
Was in Mexico last week, they think Brexit is dumb. Now 3 days in Brazil, they think it is even dumber. Consensus in LATAM #StopBrexit 
Yeah, Problem is that everything you promised those on low-average income in the UK, was a lie, Nigel. Come clean on who Brexit was for!  
My piece on inequality, Brexit & future for Renewal, a great journal for debate about progressive politics  
Former Scottish Tory vice chairman doorstepped about substantial DUP Brexit campaign donation  
This is where 'vote Ruth Davidson because she is against a second referendum gets you'. Profoundly embarrassing. #scotstoryMPs 
The blame for this lies squarely with Theresa May. She could have invoked Article 50 in her first week and got on with Brexit, chose not to. 
In your opinion, has the BBC recently increased in anti-Brexit rhetoric or is it reporting impartially?Retweet for wide range opinion 
This is one of the most creative Twitter threads I’ve ever seen. It’s long, but read to the end. Highly recommended. #Brexit  
'Stop gloating whenever Brexit gets tough' Business peer savages 'BBC propaganda machine'  
Vote Leave chief blasts Theresa May's 'unacceptable' Brexit plans  
Welsh farming 'could not survive' Brexit, says Jones  
Probably the best thread on Brexit yet!  
Do you think common sense will prevail & Brexit will be stopped? 
‘I like cake, I like eating it’ Jacob Rees-Mogg in sideswipe to EU chiefs over Brexit  
In short: Brexit was quite a big mistake. And remains reversible (just). 
Just remembered Brexit has a bigger mandate in London then Sadiq Khan. Priceless. 
The economist who predicted Trump and Brexit explains how baby boomers ruined everything  
Many of us thought, before Brexit, that Leavers were bonkers. Now, having seen the evidence of past year, we are absolutely certain they are 
Are you aware Nigerian gov' lack of responsibilities of statehood to carry Biafrans along #Support #Biafrans self determination  #referendum  
Where was all this during the referendum?  
A French VC firm with over €1 billion stopped considering a London office after Brexit  
'No deal' is the best #Brexit option according to 2% of UK business community.Remaining 98% think otherwise.#poll  
Odd pro-Brexit Telegraph isn't leading on racist Tory Brexit MP who thinks it's fine to talk about niggers.  
Shocking news that some Brexit supporting MPs are racist. If only we'd known at the time. 
Great reporting @alextomo @Channel4News #DUP #dirtymoney for #brexit via Scottish Tories Who bought #brexit? Follows  
You should read Japan's Brexit note to Britain — it's brutal  
This Twitter thread is everything#brexitRead it regardless of side in this debate because facts.If it's uncomfortable. Good.  
The liberal media are bringing Project Fear back. I am sick to death of the blatant anti-Brexit bias carried out by the BBC.  
EU citizens come to UK to work, not draw benefits. In so doing they contribute more to UK economy  @PolishEmbassyUK @NewEuropeans #Brexit  
Brexit: Japan Slaps Down Brussels, Could Do Trade Deal with Britain BEFORE the EU - Breitbart  
Tomorrow @ScotNational Tories: Still nasty - May suspends MP who used the n-word at Brexit event in ‘disgusting’ racist slur  
If Brexit happens, I honestly don't think I'm going to be racist enough to keep living in this country. I don't want to be in that woodpile. 
May: Brexit trade deal with Australia ‘a priority’  
This is what happened when @alextomo doostepped Brexit cash conduit Richard Cook at his Glasgow home  
Best thread on Brexit. Ever.  
Possibly best anti-Brexit thread ever(?). Proves conclusively, with documentary evidence, most things UK objected to, it had argued for.  
If you are interested in Brexit, this is quite the thread.  
Jeremy Corbyn will meet the EU's chief #Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier, in case of another #GE2017 is called: 
Nothing too fancy lads, a nice simple Hard Brexit shirt please. No frills, just a plain shirt and the badge. 
I suspect the truth about DUP Brexit donation must come out.  Too many questions over too much money to keep secret. 
Epic thread. Worth reading it all - especially if, like me, you feel Brexit seems more stupid with every passing week.  
Kurdish referendum delegation headed by President Barzani arrives in Brussels  
Watch @SharpendITV if only 2 see mine and @Jeremy_Miles perplexed faces when caroline jones says she wants jacob rees mogg on brexit team! 
Brexit Won’t Cause Cancer  
Remoaners worrying that #Brexit may bring US beef seem to forget that EU gave us Romainian horsemeat in our foodchain. #Panorama 
A remarkable thread on Brexit.  
Best thread on Brexit ever. Somebody put this up on a website.  
Beware UK: US feedlot beef from blighted barren dustbowl coming our way #Brexit #US TradeDeal #BBCPanorama 
Falkland Islander Roger Edwards flew 8000 miles to tell @UKHouseofLords that, post-Brexit, some EU states might back Argentina @FalklandsGov 
No Brexit blues yet: London's still the top city in Europe for business  via @CityAM 
Trump is term limited. #Brexit is forever. You don't get to laugh at the US. 
yet another example of #TheresaMay leading us to #Brexit hell purely to satisfy fanatics & keep herself in power. #Euratom is 100% sensible 
You'd think British farmers voting for #Brexit would understand the principle of turkeys voting for Christmas. #panorama 
Theresa May has spent a year ignoring the SNP call to be actively involved in #Brexit Now she begging for help!   
This is absolutely fantastic re Brexit. Must read.   
Outraged by #C4News report on DUP's secret Brexit donors? Support our investigation - together we can expose them:  
Corbyn rebuffs May's offer to work together on post-Brexit policies  
'Only the wilfully deluded now believe that a “cake-and-eat-it” Brexit is on offer'  
Amazing thread on Brexit. @deevybee @rpancost @richarddmorey 
True. Brexit highlights the necessity of repatriating Scotland's national sovereignty #ScotRef #IndyRef2 
Good to see #channel4news following up the Scottish Tories cash donation to the DUP for-#Brexit ref & where the money originated@theSNP 
So here we are... EU nationals have gone from targets during the EUref campaign and voiceless in the actual referendum vote 12/ 
My Maiden speech in Parliament will be on the 19th July during the Brexit debate. 
"Consumers completely in the dark over effect leaving the EU will have on their shopping basket"Brexit never a plan  
Great to see #c4news reporting on the DUP #Brexit campaign  £425,000 donation story broke by @PeterKGeoghegan and @AdamRamsay . 
After the G20 summit, Brexit Britain looks increasingly adrift & friendless -  That's how it feels living here too! 
Brexit & the prospect of national humiliation  @GideonRachman asks if falling on our faces might be good for the UK 
#AnnMarieMorris used the N word while talking about Brexit . I rest my case. 
After the G20 summit, Brexit Britain looks increasingly adrift and friendless | Natalie Nougayrède  
The #GreatRepealBill will be introduced on Thurs; read how it could slash our rights, and get ready to fight  #Brexit 
Labour voters view of Brexit. It is time Labour changed its tune. @UKLabour #StopBrexit 
Brexit row as Tory MP says troops didn’t die at D-Day so EU rapists can sit in our jails  
'It's RIDICULOUS!' Burley accuses @Anna_Soubry  of BETRAYING @theresa_may to DERAIL Brexit  QUISLING @Anna_Soubry 
@Rachael_Swindon @UKDemockery Meet the REAL Tories. The ones Brexit has enabled to say what they REALLY think  
Tory MP And Brexiter Anne Marie Norris and the N-word. Not all Brexiters are racist, but all racists voted Brexit. 
The Vote Leave campaign manager has today savaged May's Brexit plans for being too extreme. Full story:  
This Friday we celebrate the work of Border Communities Against Brexit.  Please come along & bring a crowd!  
Dear Kenyans,You set election date in Constitution and affirmed by Court. Only referendum can change election date. Disregard spineless lies 
Muddying the watersWhat the Government really doesn't want you to know about Brexit 
After evading Parliament at every stage, changing tune now can mean only one thing. Brexit is going belly up & the Tories know it. #Remain 
Interested in DUP's £435k shady Brexit donation on #c4news? Read full investigative series by @AdamRamsay and myself 
DUP's Jeffrey Donaldson refuses to talk @alextomo about £435k Brexit donation. We asked him before, and he said this  
Hopefully as Brexit is the most disastrous choice by any country in the last 50years people believed nonsense 
Not media hype. We were warned of the impact of Brexit on cancer care and research by @TheLancetOncol last year  
Is Anna Soubry still an MP? Only just. Still a Tory? Ooh, for how long? Is she prepared to help us succeed with Brexit? Almost certainly not 
Project fear is back. Will it change your mind on Brexit? I'm live on @LBC for the next hour. 
#TheArchers Will Grundy: "Cricket Club voted on the basis of a lie. We must rerun the vote"Jim: "And Brexit?"Will: "You lost. Get over it" 
Not all Brexiteers are racist, but all racists voted Brexit  
Not enough!' German MEP blasts UK over EU citizens & says Brexit could be REVERSED. Stupid Kraut. Britannia rules.  
The EU cares about people The British government cares about what Murdoch & Dacre think@GuyVerhofstadt #Brexit 
King's College London has proposed building a post-Brexit satellite campus in Germany  
#Brexit 'may never happen' says @vincecable Only one to accurately predict 2008 crash - seem to recall that was dismissed as well... 
Any curtailment of the rights of British or EU27 citizens post-#Brexit should be regarded as a crime against humanity.#StopBrexit #Remain 
Biafra celebrated Internationally Amidst Agitation for Referendum (See Video) – IgbereTV News  
Only Slave Traders And Thieves Are Against Biafra Referendum- Yoruba Leader – IgbereTV News  
The Conservatives have suspended Anne Marie Morris, an MP who used the n-word while taking about Brexit 
Aren't Brexiters lovely?@thatginamiller #Brexit #StopBrexitGina Miller 'violated' after viscount's Facebook post 
HMT remit letter mandating teacher pay 1% cap: "As you know fiscal context remains very challenging following outcome of EU referendum vote"  
Its the Moan bit which bugs me when I am asking perfectly valid questions...as we all should. Particularly in something so complex as Brexit  
'It's extraordinarily RUDE!' Hartley-Brewer DESTROYS Sir Vince Cable over Brexit jibe . More hair on a chimps arse  
Still looking for Brexit advice @Conservatives? Look no further. Our plan guarantees the best deal for Britain & it's easier than you think. 
As an #NHS Doctor providing care for the elderly as well as acute care, I'm hugely worried about this perfect storm of Trump/Tories/Brexit 
Theresa May's plans to work with Labour on Brexit may hasten her exit -  Dave Brown - political cartoon gallery  
If the lib dungs and labour conspire to defeat the brexit bill then we should get on with the only thing left to us and make them regret it. 
Any chance of being surprised if I look up which side Anne Marie Morris was on in the referendum? 
I signed a pledge to protect the rights enjoyed by #EU passport holders, including the right to live and work in #EU & EEA countries #Brexit  
Theresa May takes action after Tory MP called no deal Brexit 'real n***** in the woodpile'  
'Be careful!' Tory MP warns of Remoaner attempts to use 'back door' to THWART Brexit  
Anne Marie Morris and the N-word, followed by another real term pay reduction for teachers. Tories throwing the towel in pre Brexit? 
Before you go on a night out vs after  #Brexit  
Conservative MP Anne Marie Morris has whip suspended over racist remark made during public #Brexit discussion  
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull says he wants to sign a free trade agreement with UK "as soon as possible" after Brexit  
Labour REJECTS May's plea to deliver Brexit. Proves Corbyn  is not a grown up wanting best for UK! via @MailOnline 
As Brexit sec. David Davis said, “If a democracy can't change its mind, it ceases to be a democracy”.  
Cancer patients the latest and most seriously affected in the long list of people whose lives could be wrecked by Brexit. #Euratom 
Irish policy makers now completely brazen about plans to roll us into EU federal state post-Brexit-all without a vote naturally enough  
Brexit and the recent election might have divided the country But #LoveIsIand has reunited it 
Nasty Tory #racist should resign now! #ToriesOut #MayMustGo Tory MP saying Brexit no deal is ' n***** in a woodpile'  
A hard, job-destroying Brexit can be stopped if we put aside party political differences to fight for common principles. Me on @bbc5live: 
Why don't we have a referendum to choose between spending billions on #Brexit or on the #NHS?#Remain #StopBrexit 
Here without a paywall is my article on the long-term faultlines of Britain's EU membership and Cameron's path to the referendum.  
Foreign nationals in UK can't claim benefits so why should EU nationals in UK after #Brexit be able to claim benefits,as Tory Gov suggests? 
Call to remove whip from Tory MP who ‘used n-word’ in Brexit remarks.  
When you call an unnecessary election and then don't know what Brexit means .  #HelpTheresaMay 
We voted for Brexit. 17.4million of us. Huge mandate. None of us will allow it to fail; all of us will continue to support the UK's success. 
Remember when Leo Sherlock pretended to be a female teacher who was voting No in the marriage referendum? Seems kinda quaint now 
Today in Parliament I asked the Prime Minister about staying in Euratom after Brexit  
Gideon Rachman: Why things are going badly wrong in Brexit-land  
Not sure what I'm more shocked about a MP using "nigger in a woodpile" discussing Brexit or other MPs not shouting her down @AnneMarieMorris 
"They sent me a Hard Brexit. It was too scary. I sent it back"  
"How come Jay-Z calls himself the N word and nobody has a problem? Double standards!" cries yer Da as he colours in his Brexit wall chart 
When will a major politician have the honesty & guts to stand up and say #Brexit is a self-destructive abuse of democracy!#StopBrexit 
BREAKING: #Brexit causing ‘worry’ and ‘uncertainty’ among young people, report reveals.  #youthvoice 
Even the racist hardcore end of the Brexiteers are having closed meetings to discuss how bad Brexit is.Absurd. I want my country back.  
Why do Leavers think patriotic Britons should remain silent when they see their country being harmed by #Brexit. #Remain #StopBrexit 
People have failed to notice the country is being rent asunder - and Brexit hasn't started. We have to STOP BREXIT NOW! Wake up England! 
As scale of the #Brexit disaster becomes daily more apparent, I am beginning to think another referendum on reversing the first is possible 
For pity's sake stop deferring to Murdoch, Dacre Arron Banks and the Tory Right, and call #Brexit out for the self-harm that it is! 
Who else suspects that the reason the Labour Right are trying to help the Tories' Brexit deal is to prevent another GE and a Corbyn victory? 
Hungarian foreign minister Peter Szijjarto confesses the EU is in a “very unfavourable position” and needs a mutually beneficial Brexit deal  
Anna Soubry, our co-chair, tells @SkyNews what MPs can do to give Parliament a role in #Brexit  
Your monthly opportunity to show support for someone disturbing the #Brexit woodpile and exposing hate speech & the underlying racism.  
Tory MP Anne Marie Morris apologises for racist remark during a public discussion about #Brexit 
Should Jeremy Corbyn support Theresa May's policies to ensure a successful Brexit? 
Can we have an up to date cost of this pointless Brexit exercise, Mrs May? North of £100 billion? Cost after 10 yrs £8-900 billion? Too low? 
Australia ready to do post-Brexit trade deal – but EU comes first  
Listen: MP allegedly uses n-word during #Brexit conversation  
Should labour and conservatives work together to get the best brexit deal possible for the UK  ? RT, RT, RT  
Conservative Party is investigating MP's alleged use of 'N' word in #Brexit conversation  
Dublin is top destination for financial groups post-Brexit  
Brexit is the result of an English delusion, a crisis of identity—failure to come to terms with the loss of empire 
Brexit Comm chair Hilary Benn raises Commons Euratom withdrawal "concern" PM: "Euratom membership inextricably linked to EU membership" 
Deutche Bank going to leave London - thanks to BREXIT  
Parliament's #Brexit steering group sets down concerns about the UK's offer to EU citizens there. Read more here  
Exclusive - meet the man who gave the DUP secret money to campaign for Brexit in England. 
Has anyone heard of a #Brexit politician condemning the threats of violence coming from some Brexit supporters and politicians?#StopBrexit 
PM: G20 leaders made clear they desire trade agreements with a post-Brexit Britain, including: “America, Japan, China, India and Australia”  
Conservatives urged to cut ties with MP Anne Marie Morris after she is recorded using the 'N' word in conversation about #Brexit  
Chuka Umunna & Anna Soubry teaming up to form dream team from hell to oppose hard Brexit, get it through your thick skulls were leaving FFS  
. @JReesMoggMP Those who seek to derail the Repeal Bill are not stopping Brexit but causing “chaos”.  
Only the wilfully deluded think Brexit Britain can have its cake and eat it says sober @gideonrachman  via @FT 
UK govt has no “clear plan” for Brexit, lacks “serious fact-based discussion about what the future looks like” 
Brexit: PM making plans to replicate Euratom benefits in face of Tory revolt  
Now everybody knows how important this whole Brexit thing is, should we double check everyone still wants to do it? Just to make really sure 
Australian PM says he won't 'muck around' and wants a free trade deal with the UK 'speedily' after #Brexit 
Excellent. @Channel4News on the hunt of DUP's £435k Brexit donation. Read myself and @AdamRamsay 's original stories  
Mother fudge. Listen as Tory MP recorded saying Brexit no deal is a 'n***** in a woodpile'  # via @HuffPostUKPol 
Message from EP is clear: Protect citizens' rights or we veto #Brexit deal. Read @giannipittella & other EP leaders  
More than a year after our Brexit vote & hated EU flag still flies in London. UKIP's @davidkurten is so right. Sadiq Khan must pull it down! 
This is what Brexit is about. It always has been and it always will be.  
All is not going well in Brexit land. After 1st negotiation round the European Parliament is threatening a veto  
So true. French officials I speak to about Brexit used to sound irritated. Now it's worse than that: they just feel sorry for us  
Brexit: Going to hell in a handcart while whooping and hollering. Also see Trump (to pass wind). 
Reconnecting with our friends in the #Commonwealth should be a top priority of Brexit Britain.  
"Ex-Sainsbury's CEO: Brexit means higher prices, less choice, & poorer quality" "Project Fear" was the truth!  
- better start talking Owen- but I don't know Labour's position on Brexit- DON'T GIVE ME THAT CRAP YOU LITTLE SHIT.....I COULD BREAK YOU pic.twitter.com/xgQVlUEXH5 
Listen as Tory MP recorded saying Brexit no deal is a 'n***** in a woodpile'  
When people see what's really going to happen to NHS in Brexit Britain,it'll get ugly.Boris may need police protection for rest of his life. 
Brexit means breakfast will get a lot more expensive  
Of all the dreadful Brexit outcomes, the Americanization of healthcare is likely to be the most expensive & deadly.  
If any MP wants a chance to go down in history, as the saviour of the UK, campaign loudly now- to stop Brexit. You know it makes sense... 
“I’m beginning to think that Brexit may never happen.”   
Just imagine, if remain had won. I would've blissfully forgotten the word 'Brexit' by now. And the country would be so much more productive. 
Brexit  
So Australia - another country wanting a trade deal with UK. All because of Brexit. Remainers need to get real. This is great. More to come. 
like a shrivelled stick of rock, brexit has Tory written right through it. Own it, be it, it's yours. 
“Post-Brexit Britain will be a Britain with big horizons, big opportunities, free trade, open markets.” says Australia's PM @TurnbullMalcolm 
Oz PM Turnbull just told @theresa_may he wants free trade deal with EU before Brexit. Shows Brexit is not about free trade opportunities 
Imagine the problems Brexit will have when it comes to things larger than atoms. 
The lack of a Brexit plan: perfect to win a referendum, a nightmare now - the #Euratom issue - new #Brexit blog post  
2016: I VOTED BREXIT!!2017: I didn't vote for THIS Brexit2018: Not sure if I voted2019: ᴵ ˢᵃᶦᵈ ˢᵒᵐᵉᵗʰᶦᶰᵍ ᵃᵇᵒᵘᵗ ᵇʳᵉᵃᵈˢᵗᶦᶜᵏˢ ᵒᶰᶜᵉ ᵐᵃʸᵇᵉ ᶦᵈᵏ 
Chuka Umunna and Anna Soubry to lead cross-party group opposing ‘hard Brexit’  
Japan's letter about Brexit to Britain really doesn't hold back  
May wants help 'getting Brexit right'. The underlying problem is that there isn't a way of getting Brexit 'right'. Less wrong is a stretch. 
Free trade deal with Australia "as soon as legally possible" says "Australian PM" I bet the deal with the Uk will be before the EU.#brexit  
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has said Australia and the UK will work to "speedily" agree a free trade deal after Brexit 
"We look forward to concluding a free trade agreement with the UK" after #Brexit, says Australian PM Malcolm Turnbull  
If the Brexit decision was a hair dryer we'd have so returned it to the shop and got our money back on the grounds it set our head on fire. 
"We move quickly" - Australia's PM says he wants a free trade deal with Britain as soon as possible after #Brexit 
Theresa May desperately seeks a patsy to share the Brexit blame with. Labour bats it for six saying "Clean up your own mess"  
"I've no actual facts on anything, but I must ring that legendarily well prepared journalist's show" - every brexit caller to @mrjamesob 
Jacob Rees-Mogg says the BBC since the referendum has put a negative spin on Brexit related news.   
You should read Japan's Brexit note to Britain — it's brutal  
Since it's suddenly an issue again here's my take on the legal problems separating the EU and Euratom re Brexit:  
Australia's Prime Minister says he hopes to 'speedily' establish a free trade deal with the UK after Brexit. 
Theresa May calls for stronger trade ties with Australia following #Brexit  
'Too often we want our tummies tickled!' Rees-Mogg calls for Brexit fightback against EU  
Rees-Mogg on EU Brexit negotiations and tummy tickling  
'Stop gloating whenever Brexit gets tough' Business peer savages 'BBC propaganda machine'  
Funny, 6 months ago when the SNP were suggesting #Brexit ideas & compromises arrogant Tories wouldn't listen to any! 
Project fear sinks to a new low, ridiculously lowBrexit could threaten the future of the British takeaway  
Of course, the prime minister wrote to everyone in the land before the referendum making this very clear.We assessed it & voted accordingly  
I think we all need to be realistic now & accept that in post-Brexit Britain there simply isn't going to be the need for greater capacity.  
May's like Wile E Coyote setting traps for Corbyn. Her snap election snapped on her. Now she's luring Corbyn to share her Brexit timebomb.  
Jeremy Corbyn isn’t going to save Theresa May’s career over Brexit | @tompeck  
Brexit means a (more expensive) breakfast  
If only you'd had a Vote Leave leadership role during the referendum in which you could have clarified the Vote Leave position on this  
We had waited 52 years to see our club win the cup and our opponents had an unfair advantage, The brexit speech was a joke the guy's a  
The Lords report into nuclear & Brexit attributed (unnecessarily) pulling out of Euratom specifically to Theresa May.  
Given his views on EU, I guess Corbyn will have no option but to go along with May on Brexit Pathway: but all the way to #NHS privatisation? 
The plus side of Brexit. Germans will be able to call their jam 'marmalade'. So glad they're taking back control.  
Need to take a break from Twitter. I don't want Brexit. Being screamed at relentlessly by white supremacists is not what I signed up for 
Toxic Theresa MayImposes harshest hard #Brexit which only 10%of Leavers wantIgnores all #Remain/non-voters (63%)Now wants help#MayMustGo 
Could be worth pointing out that there were 4.9 million mostly remain voters deliberately disenfranchised from the "democratic" referendum 
2 men are jailed for 4 years for incitement to riot, but Farage is not touched #Brexit #Remain #StopBrexit 
Surprise, surprise! German industry puts protecting the Single Market ahead of trade with the UK #Brexit #StopBrexit 
Brexit and the prospect of national humiliation.    
Top UK finance chiefs have never been more sceptical about Brexit, according to a survey by accounting firm Deloitte  
'Things have gone well!' @JReesMoggMP  says BBC just can’t accept Brexit has been a success   
Interesting fact, because Gina Miller forced a vote, the leave act is now law. To stop Brexit, it must be repealed. hahahaaaThanks Gina. 
King's College London has proposed building a post-Brexit satellite campus in Germany  
Quick 12 month recap on Brexit for Scotland, UK still has no plan, no clue, no mandate & not one fuck is being given by the Scottish press. 
Some of the stories from EU nationals in my constituency are like this. Gut wrenching, sad, a waste and so, so unnecessary. Their Brexit.  
We're ready to support MPs who stand up for the interests of their constituents against a disastrous #Brexit 
Wow watch Biafran Supporter from Mexico  showcasing Biafra pound, #Support #Biafra #referendum ,self determination is #UN universal law, 
Anyone who still thinks #Brexit a good idea needs to watch Panorama this evening (BBC1 8.30pm).  
Brexit: Cross-party group says 'all options' should be on table  
Thanks to Gina Miller it would take an act of Parliament to abandon #BRExit. 
The UK buys just 0.1% of its beef from America. Brexit could change that. #BBCPanorama travels to the US to find out more. 
The cross-party fight against hard Brexit has these aims at its core @eurelationsappg @Anna_Soubry@joswinson @ChukaUmunna@CarolineLucas 
Brexit challenge- get us a deal as good as this, or scrap Breixt. Why should we accept less than we currently have?  
Likewise for leaving the single market and customs union! Stop being Ms. May's #1 cheerleader and start opposing hard Brexit! 
"Ex-Sainsbury's CEO: Brexit means higher prices, less choice, & poorer quality"Brexit architects planning 'a void' 
May knows Brexit's a doomed mission. Reaching out to Corbyn's about sharing future blame, not the glory!  
In @EveningStandard Royal College of Radiologists signal concern over "nuclear Brexit" & impact on cancer patients:  
Mayday Mayday - you asked for some help with Brexit Ma'am - look out the door we are there for you #theresamay @No10Vigil #Conservatives 
Thousands of cancer patients face delays to treatment because of hard Brexit plans, @EveningStandard reveals 
Revealed: Brexit risk to UK cancer patients  
Leavers say 80%+ vote for pro leave parties in election. Yes, but for tactical reasons. Now our anti brexit agenda is back on. #fightback 
Tomorrow at 4pm (BST) EU Cmttee questions @DavidDavisMP on the progress of #Brexit negotiations:  
Lib Dem Sir Vince #Cable: #Brexit 'may never happen'  
Folk shocked that May has asked Corbyn for helpBut they both share almost identical positions on Brexit... 
Shoppers would face "higher prices, less choice & poorer quality" after Brexit warns former Sainsbury's boss  
As is Which will we have - Brexit or NHS?NHS gets my vote! 
BBC reporter interviews Chuka Anuma who's teaming up with Anna Soubry & others to wreck Brexit, BBC in cahoots against the democratic vote. 
WATCH: @ChukaUmunna on #AllOutPolitics talking about working together & across parties on Brexit in his new @eurelationsappg. Please RT: 
Imagine if the TV news channels gave as much coverage to the extinction crisis as they do to Brexit. 
#Brexit: so much easier to tell a pack of crowd-pleasing lies and damn the consequences. Now we're starting to pay the price.#StopBrexit 
Seriously, it's not too late! Whatever your political party, please put pressure on your leaders to be sensible about this. #Brexit #Remain 
MU MPs @ChukaUmunna& @Anna_Soubry are leading the cross-party alliance against hard Brexit #MondayMotivation 
Euratom can only be excluded from Brexit if UK and EU accept the Article 50 letter of March can, in part, be amended/revoked. 
Just listened to Sophy Ridge talking about Brexit. Dear God what has happened to our education system. She is so thick and ill informed. 
Obvs true that online abuse not just about Corbyn supporters. It's seasonal. During Indyref2 it was most ScotNats. After Brexit, Brexiters. 
If Brexit doesn't happen will you take to the streets and be part of a revolution?Please retweet after voting 
.@scotgov had a Brexit paper long before the UK government. A great example of what getting on with the day job can achieve.  
They do, however, have a Guess Who on next month's PM, a Snakes and Ladders on the deficit and a Risk on Brexit.  
By inviting Jeremy Corbyn to help deliver Brexit, the Tories can tear Labour's fragile coalition apart #Premium 
#bbcdp have Chuka on to push the same anti-Brexit agenda he tried & failed with in WM last week.Irrelevant dissenters get a lot of airtime. 
They say "you can still go abroad after Brexit". I've lived and worked in US and EU. In US made to feel like second-class citizen. Not in EU 
A brilliant analysis of how UK cannot stay in EuroArrestWarrant post-Brexit, by @CER_EU's @CaminoMortera: 
.@theSNP SGov set out a document on Brexit months ago- the PM needs to read it and be serious about working together says @StephenGethins 
The economic case for #Brexit has and always will be non-existent  
MPs and Lords have a patriotic duty to save Britain from itself >>  #Brexit  
May will relaunch leadership bid with appeal to Labour to help deliver Brexit - ex-chief whip says she 'must resign'  
Sinn Féin MEP Martina Anderson says rights of Irish citizens must be protected in ongoing Brexit negotiations  
The Tories have gone from calling Corbyn an IRA sympathiser to doing a deal with the DUP and begging Jez for help with policies and Brexit. 
New report by the Anti-Trafficking Monitoring Group: "Brexit a threat to Britain’s fight against modern slavery"  
The EU referendum was 52/48, advisory, and only 26% voted LeaveSo why does Labour play along with "will of the people" in 2017 and not 1979  
What gives you right to ignore my #Brexit vote? What gives you the right to decide what results are "damaging"? You are unfit to be an MP 
In a SHOCKING plot twist, Soubunna receive an anonymous tip off that hard Brexit & the bike thefts are linked. But how?  
On Brexit she's likely to get a warm response. Both want out single market and customs union. Both want to end FofM.  
In 1979 the Labour Party created the "40% rule" to overturn the 52/48 outcome of the Scottish Devolution Referendum 
Justice is Truth in action! #Biafra is a Justice Movement. All we need now is Justice, Freedom and Peace. #Brexit  
You don't write a blank cheque to buy a property not knowing whether it's a stately home or a toilet.That's exactly what Brexit voters did 
Labour and the Tories teaming up for hard Brexit.  
We have until March 30th 2019 to complete the Brexit negotiations.Guaranteeing EU/UK rights was supposed to be the easy bit. 
"Hard Brexit is dead, Soft Brexit is a nonsense"  
Great to be hosting key Brexit Ministers @WalkerWorcester and @margot_james_mp as we talk Brexit and the needs of small businesses  
 Sorry, could resist and A laugh was needed on Monday morning. #Brexit #brexitshambles 
What's happening in UK so incredible almost goes unspoken. Gov w/no mandate is pushing forward hard #Brexit majority of public + MPs oppose  
Remoaners will do everything they can to stop a true Brexit and ignore the will of the British people.  
Theresa May has called on the opposition to "contribute, not just criticise" on Brexit  
My piece on how the Brexit vote has made Europeans living in Scotland feel about their future  
Then you need to explain to your voters that the referendum was a national decision & they should respect their fellow voters' decision. 
EU parliament will veto Brexit deal if citizens' rights not protected, says Guy Verhofstadt  
37 countries around the world now want free trade agreements with the UK after Brexit. Combined GDP is $52.52trn, total population 4,782m. 
Our country is sick to the back teeth of the media propaganda on Brexit the public voted to leave & that is what the shambolic MP's forget 
Brexit trolling of the gods.  
‘Why doesn’t Britain get it?’ asks Barnier after spelling out some Brexit truths  
Rebel Tory and Labour MPs have formed a new cross-party group to oppose hard Brexit  
By day they campaign against hard Brexit but at night, when the city sleeps, Soubunna solve low level crime (bike thefts and the like).  
I'm at the NUJ tonight with some terribly clever people talking about whether Brexit can be stopped  
This went to every home in Hove...and my majority increased x12. That's democracy with a constitutional grounding, unlike referendum  
The new anti-Brexit movement of MPs is officially known as "The All-Party Parliamentary Group on EU Relations"We need something shorter  
Reply to "Brexit will increase food prices"May '16: "Project fear!"Dec '16: "Remoaner!"July '17: "Nobody told us" 
Out goes "crush the saboteurs" & in comes "help me".Theresa May is desperate not to be left holding the 'can' when #Brexit fails miserably!  
Rebel MPs form cross-party group to oppose hard Brexit  
Translation: democratically elected politicians plot to ignore the verdict of a democratic vote in a national referendum.  
Have you read @acgrayling's 6 reasons to prove why Brexit will be stopped?   
MPs from all parties who stand against a damaging Brexit now have a new meeting place in parliament....I'm in!  
ICYMI: our chairman @RolandRudd went on #weekinwestminster to explain why businesses are speaking out against a hard #Brexit. Please RT:  
I've not met anybody who thinks Brexit's a good idea who isn't hunched over, face down in Battenberg cake, groping for the nurse call button 
Brexit riots ‘would be shittest riots ever’  pic.twitter.com/DpqNKf90qq 
Last year Gove, Johnson & Patel promised EU citizens would be "treated no less favourably" than before referendum  
Well, that's clear enough!  Brexit negotiations not off to a brilliant start. 
So basically Brexit is to be everything #ProjectFear warned Scots to reject in 2014? 
Vince Cable's contention that people would rather admit they were wrong about Brexit than endure serious economic harm is touchingly naive. 
MPs set up new all-party group to combat ‘destructive’ hard Brexit  
In the end, for Remainers (now in majority) reversing Brexit has precedence over all other political issues. Corbyn has yet to grasp this. 
#BIAFRAUD Continua! Nnamdi Kanu's IPOB circulates propaganda in South East Nigeria falsely claiming @theresa_may calls for Biafra Referendum  
Bowing to the inevitable - EU leaders have said since January ECJ will be part of any Brexit transition deal.  
This is really very good by @SimonTilford on Labour's 'constructive ambiguity' over Brexit  
After Brexit the Patriotic New British Breakfast will consist of salted porridge, boiled nettles, and an egg (if you own and can feed a hen) 
Brexit could be done, but would take 5 to 10 years, and in phases.  Not worth the cost, time and effort, imho, but possible. 
Now everyone knows what #Brexit is, 80% want to #RemainInTheEU.Tell your MP what you want! They have a decision to make.#MondayMotivation 
The true saboteurs of Brexit will be those who cheered May on.  Plain from Boris appointment onward, May's approach was botched.  
We probably have two years' worth of uranium and can't access anymore post-Brexit unless we sort out a new treaty  
Anyone who saw May as Home Secretary launch the over-ambitious, not thought-through CSA inquiry will not be surprised she has botched Brexit 
Brexit to increase cost of traditional cooked English breakfast (because of tariffs on imported ingredients):  
I see Theresa May has reached the "Fine. YOU fix it if you're so clever", putting-together-an-IKEA-wardrobe stage of Brexit negotiations.  
Tory and Labour MPs have formed a new cross-party group to oppose hard Brexit, ahead of Repeal bill launch this week  
Sky Views: PM can't avoid the fallout from 'Nuclear Brexit':  
MEPs will veto any Brexit deal that weakens citizens' rights. UK must improve offer @BritishInEurope @The3Million  
Scientists Say #Brexit Is a "Mess For British Nuclear Research And Industry " via @tomchivers 
We must not accept MPs being treated as spectators in the Brexit process - we must be active players in all of this  
Verhofstadt: Improve the Brexit offer to EU citizens, or we’ll veto the deal  
Ex-Sainsbury's CEO: Brexit means 'higher prices, less choice, & poorer quality'  
Quick reminder that on the Tory 2015 manifesto timetable, Prime Minister David Cameron still has over five months to hold an EU referendum. 
I am getting worried about my lovely Brexit friends. If I tweet as on Trump they usually come for me in droves. Helloooooo! You still there? 
Since EUref, Brexiters have tried to create sense Brexit is irrevocable & inevitable. But clear signs they don't believe it themselves. 1/3 
So May spends a year trying 2 deny Parliament a say on Brexit, calls election for a "mandate", loses majority, then asks Labour for "help". 
The Best Post Brexit Cartoon  
NEW: Chuka Umunna and Anna Soubry to lead cross-party group opposing ‘hard Brexit’  
Improve the #Brexit offer to EU citizens, or we’ll veto the deal. Joint article of @Europarl_EN leaders. 
Remain needs to focus on the Why not the HowNormalise idea that #Brexit can end, worry about how it can end later 
April: PM calls an election because she says Labour & LibDems are meddling in Brexit. July: May asks Labour & LibDems to meddle in Brexit 
An unsurprising reaction from lead Brexit negotiator... 
Leave the EU and then negotiate a US-UK trade deal that sells the NHS to US companies.Brexit means NHS sale. 
Follow the new All Party Parliamentary Group on EU Relations: @eurelationsappg. We're determined to stop a destructive, hard Brexit. 
Wolfgang Munchau vg on threat that ongoing Brexit rage poses to impartial reporting.   
The Great British Breakfast: Could the cost of your fry-up be changing after #Brexit? Find out here:  
EU leaders understand #Brexit is becoming more unpopular & now a chance it won't happen. This will empower them to offer a bad deal. Good! 
If government sticks to citizenship plans Euro Parl vote on Brexit will "not be a yes" warns @GuyVerhofstadt  
Weekly food shop in Brexit Britain is hitting the poorest hardest   
Significant poll by Western Mail showing vast majority in Wales now prioritise jobs and wages over British Government brexit red lines 
Now is the time for Corbyn to prove to his voters (79% Remainers) that he is not simply a Tory-Brexit collaborator  
Labour voters who also backed #Brexit on basis of threats like EU-US trade deal & TTIP, need to wake up to a worse US-UK trade deal scenario 
UK firms are overwhelmingly opposed to walking out of Brexit talks with no deal  
Theresa May is a useless, hopeless, dead woman walking whom I will support to the hilt on #Brexit. 
Pretty sure 'I'm Beginning To Think Brexit May Never Happen' is on the next Morrissey LP.  
Soft Brexit = No Brexit = Remain. Bear this in mind when political dissemblers sing their siren song. 
Brexit will create 'an alarming mess' for UK nuclear industry, scientists warn  
"Labour-ious Brexit"THAT BREXIT LOGIC IN FULL  
Japan tells it how it is.  #brexit will be economic suicide 
Guy Verhofstadt tells #r4today the European Parliament will reject Brexit deal if UK insist on current plan for 'settled status' of citizens 
EP can reject a Brexit deal with a simple majority. Signatories to this article lead groups covering 575 of EP's 751 MEPs. 
Walking away from Brexit talks without a deal isn't an option, U.K. firms say in survey  
May to Corbyn: 'Help me deliver Brexit' The tragedy is, he probably will... @Telegraph 
"We must NEVER be cowed by terrorism!"[later] "Yeah but I'm worried if Brexit is stopped some ppl will resort to political violence"  
May asks Corbyn for his advice on Brexit. What would you like him to tell her 
Brexit will result in "higher prices, less choice and poorer quality".  
I urge @Number10gov @theresa_may to stop Brexit - now.When is someone going to man up and admit Brexit is a really, really DUMB idea?!  
Brexit will mean higher food prices & poorer quality. Not my words but Justin King's. I simply agree  . 
This is Tory Brexit. They should not be able to wriggle out of it. They are fully responsible. #torybrexit 
Outrage when Lib Dems may be talking to Tories but it's apparently fine for Labour to betray Remainers by helping May with Brexit.  
Theresa May can't guarantee British trade will recover from Brexit  
Oh look. Anna Soubry out to prevent Brexit.   
Improve #Brexit offer to EU citizens, or we’ll veto deal: European Parliament stands up for rights of @The3Million 
The theory is that Corbyn is meeting Barnier to discuss Brexit, in order to try to look Prime Ministerial, i.e. completely clueless. 
If Brexit wasn't implemented and the UK remained a full member of the EU what would you do? 
Our service led economy is about pop its clogs because of Brexit. This is going to go south very quickly now.  
Business confidence a staggering 57% lower than before the Referendum.  
Brexit: Theresa May's offer to EU citizens 'falls short'  
Imagine, @jeremycorbyn whipping @UKLabour MPs to support Tory policies. Made a great start with Brexit hasn't he? Great Labour betrayal.  
Brexit: Theresa May's offer to EU citizens 'falls short'  
Brexit may not happen - No one wants to be poorer  
Britain’s economy is already a disaster...Brexit is the final nail in the coffin  
Brexit means a (more expensive) breakfast  
#ExpressResearch| Sikkim’s history: From buffer state for British to a referendum in favour of India 
UBS CEO hints at where the bank will be moving because of Brexit  
Improve the Brexit offer to EU citizens, or we’ll veto the deal | @GuyVerhofstadt  
Rebel MPs form cross-party group to oppose hard Brexit  
Only @NicolaSturgeon has the standing now to to lead the drive to stop this Brexit self harm  
Trump, Brexit risk factors prompt Singapore's GIC to warn against complacency  
Mercer family has huge stakes in all of this & Brexit! They R holding this together for their own purposes.Don't lose sight of the Mercer's! 
Brexit is about taking back control.not asking the EU what we can have EU is  free to veto the deal, UK is strong enough to walk away  
Holy crap... so we're going to trash the economy, opportunities of youth, NHS, etc to save the establishment? That's so Brexit.  
Brexit: Remain would win if new EU referendum vote were held tomorrow, poll finds | The Independent  
#Biafrans have rejected Nigeria, we don't need restructuring, we need #Referendum.#FreeBiafra 
So damaging is Brexit looking to the UK economy, talk is now rife in Westminster of Brexit not happening. 
A Brexit Ref? What a good idea!"Scot Govt should lobby devolved assemblies in Wales, NI & London to follow suit". 
How come they believe the non delivery of Brexit will lead to violence but violating the Good Friday agreement will not..... 
Predictions of violence by politicians are a bluff intended to make it look like Remainers are pushing Britain towards civil unrest#Brexit 
I give you Jacob Rees Mogg. Thehero that the nation has been waiting for  & the hero bold, brazen Brexit Britain yearns for. #MoggMentum RT 
It is deplorable that we should continue with Brexit just to prevent a load of Tory MPs from getting angry.  
MPs from all parties will work together to oppose a destructive, hard Brexit 
Rebel MPs form cross-party group to oppose hard Brexit  
It is unacceptable that politicians should try to frighten the public into accepting #Brexit with predictions of violence#StopBrexit 
"I'm very against tummy tickling in this context", sayd Jacob Rees-Mogg on the UK's approach to Brexit negotiations:  
Brexit will create 'an alarming mess' for UK nuclear industry, scientists warn  
Improve the Brexit offer to EU citizens, or we’ll veto the deal | Guy Verhofstadt  
Five days after snarling 'We'll never allow you to be PM' during #pmqs Theresa May begs Jeremy Corbyn for help to deliver Brexit. 
Barnier might as well be talking to.a brick wall ☞ 'Frictionless trade' with EU 'not possible' post-Brexit  
This remark by @GuyVerhofstadt shows there will be NO EXTENSION to the Brexit negotiations.  
Highlights of @GuyVerhofstadt's comprehensive rejection of the UK'S offer on post-Brexit expat rights.  
We'd be crazy to go anywhere near this. Brexit is a Tory mess. Now they want to strap the rest of us into their suicide mission.No.  
i FRONT PAGE: 'PM’s plea: Help me get Brexit right' #skypapers 
London's Brexit capital to vote to take back control from Sadiq Khan's' mini EU' City Hall RISE UP OR LOSE THE UK 
"May" is seeking support from opposition Parties re Brexit, for one reason only. When it all goes pear shaped, she needs to share the blame! 
Happy to oblige:Brexit is ridiculousAdmit itServe your country by admitting it  
Well, shouldn't be too hard to find common ground. May: "I want a hard Brexit"Corbyn: "Me too!"Ideologues.   
Fed up hearing about Corbyn this and that. What did he offer? Mainly what @theSNP already gave us, with added hard Tory Brexit and Trident 
How do you feel about the prospect of Brexit not happening? My answer: Delighted. What do you think?  
Tory, Brexit, England. Not my England.  
Oops ... German industry warns UK not to expect help in Brexit negotiations  
The Hard Brexit Grand Coalition moves closer☞May to invite Labour to help create policies amid Tory plot to oust her  
12 months on & #Brexit is meeting (Remain) expectationsBefore more damage is done the UK should talk about staying #IN 
Another wake up call for the Quitters, this time from the lead Brexit negotiator for the European parliament  
BREAKING: Theresa May asks Jeremy Corbyn and other rivals to help her deliver Brexit & her policies  
RT Let's get one thing straight re @theresa_may & #Brexit she's seen as #Skypapers #Bbcpapers @LBC #Bbcdp @bbc5live #r4today @BBCNews 
Brexit: May offering EU workers in UK 'second-class citizenship' – MEPs  
German industry says Europe must maintain the integrity of the single market and its four freedoms: #Brexit #Remain 
Improve the Brexit offer to EU citizens, or we’ll veto the deal | Guy Verhofstadt  
If #Brexit is going to be so wonderful then Brexiteers will win any vote on the deal. So why are they so scared? #SecondReferendum 
Fatuous, when she has repeatedly insisted that only her view of Brexit could possibly be correct, and has ignored the loss of her majority.  
RT@caledon65  Vote BrexitGet BrexitSuffer Brexit#brexitshambles 
."On the single biggest issue of our generation - Brexit - Corbyn isn't contributing, he is cheerleading". 
The CBI has been reliably wrong on just about every major issue   #Brexit 
The good thing about the far-right and fascists is they end up believing their own lies, and thus pave the way to their own defeat.#Brexit 
Belgians 'can #fish British waters for eternity' thanks to 1666 royal decree' (apparently...)  #Brexit #Fisheries 
London's Brexit capital to vote to take back control from Sadiq Khan's 'mini EU' City Hall  
Hard Brexit, either Labour inspired or Tory inspired, would cost hundreds of billions, negating the spending promises made by both parties.  
I agree with much in this thread, but I think Brexit itself is likely to have very similar consequences for British society once the 1/  
#InCaseYouMissedIt You should read Japan's Brexit note to Britain — it's brutal   
Brexit is - if Mrs May could only see it - a lot more politically toxic now than the Poll Tax was for Mrs Thatcher. 
Risking #citizensrights of 1.2m @BritishInEurope by threatening to walk from Brexit deal is not #BritishFairplay 
EU chief mocks UK's Brexit ambitions with comparison to limbless Monty Python knight  
CBI is right, Brexit is proving to be an unmitigated disaster; as we head slowly towards the cliff edge, 1 year on we are actually no closer  
Extraordinary leader on Brexit in #SundayTelegraph. Concedes mood shifting; so Brexit needs selling better, through a permanent PR campaign  
Tomorrow @ScotNational The cracks in Brexit: Former Business Secretary Vince Cable believes deal won’t be possible  
Brexit one year on: How would you vote now? In this poll, 79% would vote remain. What are we doing to ourselves?  
The government needs to sell the many opportunities of Brexit: especially in fishing and farming, says @LiamHalligan 
Third sign in three days Brexit is hurting the economy  
Single Market "Norway" was never off Leavers' lips until they got our votes... The Brexit con is still on.  
Even after we had that Referendum on EU Membership And the Majority Clearly knew what we were voting for The MPs intent to ignore the result 
We can now cross live to Brexit  
‘We won’t help you’ German industry prepared to lose UK trade to protect EU 
"Labour’s current policy of constructive ambiguity on Brexit is not the win-win approach its advocates claim" - it will lose a lot of votes  
Tomorrow @ScotNational @GeorgeKerevan on why Scots should have the chance to give their verdict on outcome of Brexit deal  
Meanwhile, over at brexit  
Brexit: not looking good #Brexit  
Indian PM Narendra Modi “very positive” about a post-Brexit free trade deal, according to a government source.  pic.twitter.com/FFlvAwIdu7 
Remoaners who can't accept Brexit need to seek a life abroad, and stop preventing the UK from advancing at the speed at which it's capable. 
1) #brexit & the bleedin' obviousThere's this - saying how German car manufacturers won't push for a soft Brexit 
We now have over 1000 #Reasons2Remain in the #EU and for Britain to do a U-turn on #Brexit. Link:   Pls Retweet 
Leavers say can't stop Brexit 'cos people will be angry. Nothing like anger when nation finds it's poorer & weaker because of Leavers' lies. 
"...how Brexit is going to work" - spot the flaw in that phrase.  
 was the referendum even legal? We'll soon find out... In court 
Imagine being this bitter about ISIS being defeated. Don't they have a dictator they can't get rid off? an imaginary "referendum" to attend? pic.twitter.com/YRZAxRSpi2 
UK car industry as we near Brexit will source far more components from UK suppliers and focus on non-EU markets.SMMT will be taken to task 
No Bishop,break up Nigeria will stop BH,Fulani blood shares,political looters,migrates &Save World peace.Referendum 
Fight brexit - Engage with soft brexiteers and dormant remainers positively. Be comfortable with your EU stance. Join a pro EU party #fight 
British nationalists say German car industry will help UK get #Brexit deal. German car industry tell UK to shove it  
WE NOW GO LIVE TO BREXIT  
Allow Biafrans Have A Referendum Or Face A Messy Breakup Of Nigeria – Femi Fani-Kayode Warns FG  
Brexit means following other people's rules. With the EU we have some say, with uS/China-none.  @SamuelMarcLowe  
.@UKIPWebb4London  London's Brexit capital to vote to take back control from Sadiq Khan's 'mini EU' City Hall  
Those politicians trying to stop Brexit are all Neville Chamberlains. Britain is on the dawn of a new age & they aren't going to stop us  
Britain wants to have its cake and eat it, Ireland's foreign minister tells Bloomberg  
Fell unexpectedly in May and because of May - and her hard Brexit.  
Hate crimes have soared at an unprecedented rate since the #Brexit voteAnd Corbyn backs Brexit!#StopBrexit 
Close relatives (older) have just told me I am a sore loser & any impact of Brexit they don't care anyway as they won't be here. Good grief! 
Most of our politicians know Brexit is already a disaster - time for some of them to man up and speak out. #StopBrexitHour 
It's time to take back control and stop #Brexit. Write to your MP and demand a vote on the deal. #SecondReferendum 
Brexiteers begin their march on Parliament to enforce hard Brexit:  
Corbyn Labour ignored Scotland. They voted to support a TORY BREXIT. They voted to renew TRIDENT. They even keep stuffing the House of LORDS  
Pres. #Barzani & @brett_mcgurk discussed ongoing war in #Mosul & #Raqqa, challenges ahead, role of #Peshmerga #ISF @coalition & #Referendum.  
Far from facilitating trade deals, #brexit means renegotiating all those we already have via the EU, which we got with the clout of whole EU  
Important to note these comments from German manufacturers are very bad for *both* May and Corbyn's Brexit plans  
Germany and the EU deliver a double slapdown to Theresa May's Brexit 'catfight'  
To those who say 'Get over it!' & 'Brexit is happening.' Thank you for your concern. Noted. However, we have NO intention of stopping   
You know those German car manufacturers who were going to arrive, like the cavalry, to save UK from a Hard Brexit? 
Tory #Brexit politicians are using the language of tyranny to describe democratic anti-Brexit political activity as a plot. #StopBrexit 
Threats of violence if #Brexit is abandoned are one reason why it must be stopped. Such threats must never be rewarded.#Remain #StopBrexit 
People to blame for Brexit woes: 'Remainers'; the EU; Lily Allen; Merkel; the BBC.People NOT to blame for Brexit woes: 'Brexiteers'. 
Do you still say, @OwenPaterson, that Brexit means remaining in the EEA and single market? And that it won't threaten our banking industry?  
Anger as electoral fraud ignored in Muslim areas due to ‘political correctness’  via @Your Brexit 
Pretty sure I'm not the only one suuuuper not scared at the prospect of a bunch of pensioners "rioting" if Brexit is stopped. 
UK trade deal with the US won't make up for Brexit damage, says cabinet minister  
Common sense solution. A future referendum on Brexit (deal v remain) would offer a get-out if Govt can't organise a convincing solution.  
Brexit is beginning to collapse under the weight of its own contradictory promises.  
As there will be if we deliver an ideological, divisive, job & prosperity-destroying, xenophobic, isolationist Little England Brexit.  
The Daily Mail screaming the slogans of tyranny. As in the 1930s the Mail is attacking our democracy. #Remain #Brexit #StopBrexit 
I think we all know by now > 'Brexit means Theresa keeping her Brextremist backbenchers happy to keep herself in No 10 as long as possible'  
Why we must stay within the nuclear treaty, Euratom, with our allies in the EU post Brexit - by @edvaizey and me. 
If Brexit doesn't go ahead, there will be consequences, say mixed grill enthusiasts.  
"Brexit May never happen". Vince Cable. "brexit is a house built on sand. Eventually it will collapse". EUflagmafia.  
Betrayal – unprincipled, anti-democratic, treacherous betrayal – is in the air in Brexit-embattled Britain   
Brexit may never happen, says top Liberal Democrat Cable  
When Cameron solved a rift in the Tories by calling a referendum  
The Telegraph: The argument for Brexit will not be won in a single battle but waged over several campaigns  
Some truth in this. But Labour have significant opportunity to be powerful opposition & point out Tory vapid promises on Brexit.  
The thing is, many of us would get behind Brexit if there were any benefits to the country. Terrible idea, worse plan, scary value base. 
This kind of rhetoric is an attack on Democracy. Brexit is happening. You lost. Get over it.  
There is nothing quite as stupid as Brexit. It's time the people called for a #SecondReferendum #StopBrexit 
You sound like you have little to lose. Many of us do & I will not gamble our children's futures on a marginal vote in a corrupt referendum. 
In just 12 months, Brexit has gone from a charmless remake of Dad's Army to a mash-up of Father Ted  
Scottish YES movement is now "almost back to full strength" as it mobilises for the final push towards 2019 Brexit deal or Indy vote. 
League of Legends: Brexit pushes up price of in-game currency:  —Yup, another Halting State moment! 
Fact is when you attempt any complex project you should have a comprehensive management plan, Brexit never had one, so it was always doomed.  
He's right, Brexit is proving to be a disaster as we head slowly to the cliff edge, one year on barely any closer.  
Serious question, what is the difference between a Brexit that works for everyone and one for the many not the few? Fucked if I know. 
Hard Brexit isn’t dead. It’s a wounded animal that could still tear our collective throat out. 
Who to trust on the economy? The CBI or Dr Fox with his kamikazee Brexit?  via @libdemvoice 
Factories and construction firms unexpectedly cut output, casting doubt over British economy  
Free trade deals will have limited benefits after Brexit, Hammond says  
It is the moral bankruptcy of this Brexit Govt I find hardest to take. When did it ever do anything to make us feel good about ourselves? 
Brexit is not hard or soft it's as flaccid as it can ever be, suffering from premature ejaculation as most of those  MP's that voted Brexit 
BREXIT A MASH UP OF FATHER TED... LOL 
UK trade deal with the US won't make up for Brexit damage, admits cabinet minister  
A prediction:if Tories regain their sanity & pick a leader who can see the folly of Brexit,Daily Mail will back Corbyn in the next election. 
Cable 'behind history' on Brexit - Tory MP  
#Brexit may never happen says @vincecable. He’s right. It’s the pain of Brexit that will be its end. Please share:  
I'm beginning to think Brexit may never happen, says Vince Cable  
There's a lot wrong with this, but thinking that the middle class will survive the Tories and Brexit is the most laughable.  
Brexit means decades of uncertainty, more austerity and more poverty. Wrap it up in whatever colour you want. #StopBrexit 
The only people that won't be worse off from Brexit are the rich in the city. The rest of us are already feeling it's pain. #StopBrexit 
The thing is #VinceCable had your Lib Dems never made a coalition with the Tories that gave us austerity-Brexit would not be on the horizon. 
May: Brexit, no Single Market or Customs Union. Anti Scottish indy.Corbyn: Brexit, no SM or CU. Anti Scottish indy.Spot the difference. 
That's the ultimate, mind numbing irony of Brexit.They're fighting for everything they voted to throw away.  
Actually Phil, I think you'll find that 'sensible people' don't want Brexit at all. #stopbrexit  
What the @ChukaUmunna vote means. Parliament is sovereign & can represent pragmatics/shifting public mood regardless of hard Brexit leaders.  
Britain’s financial rulebook will be all but identical to the EU’s.What a waste of time Brexit is proving to be.  
ThisSimple & unarguable.  #Brexit is foolish & misguided.  It would already be dead if the opposition opposed 
One by one, Brexit’s ‘salvations’ are seen to be illusory | Nick Cohen  
Spain's new National Security Law cannot be used to stop independence referendum in Catalonia. It's intended for terror attacks & disasters. 
The best news of today was when I heard @vincecable say on live TV that he is beginning to think that #Brexit will not happen. Good. Me too. 
Despite the fantasies of those who hate Brexit, many countries are seeking trade deals with the UK  
Vince Cable says Brexit 'may never happen' – video  
Economically and politically illiterate Brexit fools claim the severe harm caused by Brexit stupidity is "just a flesh wound". #Marr 
Brexit vote sees highest spike in religious and racial hate crimes ever recorded.  
 The Irish Rocked into Sandown @kinahanB Has some Views on Brexit Theresa May Racecourses #Racingblogger #ComeRacing #Ireland 
Brexit: Japan Slaps Down Brussels, Could Do Trade Deal with Britain BEFORE the EU  
Ultimately, British refusal to accept that their problems arise from crap national government, not the EU, means #Brexit isn't the answer. 
."Brexit is beginning to resemble the body of Father Jack as it lays in the church the night before his funeral". 
May quit stories down to "too much warm prosecco"I guess Tory Brexit approach could be down to "too much LSD" then 
If Brexit’s abandoned there’ll be riots eh? Well if it goes ahead, here in Cambridge we’ll have a protest bike ride & chant slogans in Latin 
I wonder if it is a coincidence that Brexit and Trump are two of the naturally ugliest words in the language. 
#recap The best letter about Brexit you’ll read all year 
Remainers worried about economic effects of Brexit should be more worried about a Corbyn-led government, says Julia Hartley-Brewer @JuliaHB1 
Wakey, Wakey @jeremycorbyn The people are changing their minds about #Brexit. It's time that @UKLabour started noticing. #SecondReferendum 
Andrew Neil's underlying point is key to post-Brexit UK: what's the strategy to expand exports given Germany etc is better at it? 
Allow Biafrans Have A Referendum Or Face A Messy Breakup Of Nigeria – FFK Warns FG #Biafra50YearsOn @UN @HRW @EU 
It's going to be very hard to get through the vast complexity of Brexit with the Govt fighting internally, held together by rubber bands.  
.@JPonpolitics and .@AndrewMarr9 #Brexit may not happen. #economy stalls. Public opinion shifts. Terms tough. Just too difficult. #LibDems 
It's not enough to win an advisory referendum... You have to do it without industrial scale lying.  
The thing is, they're right: Brexit will shape the century in a way that no one government will.  
Another Japanese bank has opted for Frankfurt after Brexit  
Brexit: German business leaders warn May it will be 'extraordinarily difficult' to protect UK industry  
Spot on @edvaizey & @RachelReevesMP critical we take a practical not ideological approach to #Brexit  
I'm beginning to think Brexit may never happen, says Vince Cable  
Brexit may never happen, says top Liberal Democrat Cable  
It is fairly clear now that "brexit" will be stopped -  so let us all get together to repair Britain and the EU from the huge damage so far 
Just 43.9% of voters in Scotland at GE2017 voted for parties that oppose Brexit:  the SNP, the LibDems and the Scottish Greens. 
The Brexit referendum in a nutshell.☟What's your favourite colour?A1: GreenA2: Not Green☟52% voted for A2.Did they all prefer blue? 
#Brexit is bigger than any political Party.I can imagine that future generations will be amazed that it was ever seen as Party political.  
The thing that worries me most about Brexit is the angry. malevolence of hardline Remainers. They're desperate to sabotage it. 
To not deliver Brexit and take back control would do “appalling damage to the integrity of the whole establishment,” says @OwenPaterson 
If a Remainer said that "violence is the next step" would they be immune from prosecution like Farage? #Remain #Brexit #StopBrexit 
Practical politicians know this, which is why they all say they respect the referendum result. Even when they are lying. 
"If we do not deliver proper Brexit, there will be appalling damage to the integrity of the whole establishment" warns @OwenPaterson #bbcsp 
The likely next leader of the Liberal Democrats believes Brexit might never happen.  
Remoaner Vince Cable should be ashamed of himself for claiming "I'm beginning to think #Brexit may never happen". Clearly out of touch #marr 
Reminder that 58% of people thought their personal finances would be unaffected by Brexit, & a further 11% thought they would improve.  
Think Remainers have entered new stage of grief. Denial stage, that Brexit is not going to happen. 
Faced with loss of influence from Brexit and a strained relationship with America, Britain needs strong armed forces  
First Iraq, then Brexit. Lib Dems have an unfortunate habit of being validated far more by historians than voters. 
BREXIT EU Ref Act enabled gov to hold advisory refDid not give May right to interpret result as mandatePM abused her power Corbyn abetted  
Brexit has revealed illusion of Sewel, Good Friday Agreement + British multinationalism. V good Colin Kidd in @LRB 
Restructuring:APCN/MafiasoAfenifereReferendum:IPOBMossobThe 1st group are not serious.I'm with the 2nd cluster.#referendum4Biafra 
Brexit tweet bingo:• Mention elites- check • Mention establishment-check• Suggest other people riot on my behalf-check Full house! 
Just delay brexit for ten years at which point the majority of brexit voters will be dead or too old to riot 
I'm beginning to agree with Vince Cable that Brexit may never happen, as month succeeds month with no progress on a viable deal. 
How many times must it be said? If u leave EU, you leave its institutions and jurisdiction. Anything less is not Brexit. Or it's transition. 
BUSTED: Osborne's anti-Brexit 'Project Fear' exposed as total garbage once again.  
Kanu insists no referendum, no election in South-East | TODAY.ng  
Perhaps #Brexit disaster must be left to unfold? Or its believers will cry "sabbotage" if they are saved. At least Scotland has #indyref2 
Leavers moving to 'Brexit means riots on the streets if it doesn't happen' argument means they know public mode is shifting against Brexit.  
“One of the frustrations of being part of the EU… is it moves at a tortoise-like pace,” says Remain-backer @DLidington on post-Brexit trade  
Very cynical shift from 'Brexit will be brilliant' to 'Brexit will be bad but stupid people will go nuts if it's stopped' now under way. 
Same journos who said Trump would never be president and Brexit would fail now say Trump wrong to reject Europe's consensus. #seriously 
When Brexit is nothing but a painful memory, I'll be able to say this about it. It's made me a lot of unexpected but wonderful new friends. 
In his understated way @vincecable is preparing the way for those MPs who think Brexit will be a disaster to come together to stop it.  
The popular rage and revolt against the elites will surpass anything seen so far if the establishment succeeded in thwarting Brexit.  
Cable: Brexit may never happen. Divisions in Labour & Tory parties & deteriorating economy would make people rethink  
Imagining the John Constantine story where he exorcises Brexit.  
Had a taxi driver here, saying how lucky Scotland is to have @NicolaSturgeon as FM. Said she should be leading Brexit talks for all of UK. 
Fwiw, I think the referendum "mandate" can only be exorcised by parliament reasserting supremacy, and not by another god-awful referendum. 
Over half of Spanish workers in the UK have jobs in education, health and finance, new study shows.  #Brexit 
Brexit may never happen - Sir Vince Cable  
The EU "Freedom of movement" principle is really acceptance of invasion. It is malignant and will lead to war. #Brexit 
Vince Cable just said Brexit might never happen  
The only reason Brexit will happen is because the UK will be too embarrassed to ever admit failing at it.  
'Stop gloating whenever Brexit gets tough' Business peer savages 'BBC propaganda machine'  
I am sick & tired of arrogant Corbynites ignoring the millions of Remainers who voted Labour to stop the Tories.#Brexit #StopBrexit 
Do you fear there is going to be a "Brexit Betrayal" from the political class?  
Ordinary people are binning Brexit in their droves. Who are the Brexit Elite to tell us we can't change our minds? 
"Brexit is the most foolish act of self destruction of any nation. And Nobody knows what to do about it." @PhilipPullman  in The Times 
"The most important issue for the EU is not Brexit but the future of Europe". @MichelBarnier 
Tory lies, delusions & incompetence, & Labour collusion are paving the way to #Brexit disaster #StopBrexit 
"I'm beginning to think Brexit may never happen" - Vince Cable MP, Liberal Democrat tells @MarrShow #marr  
Lib Dem Sir Vince Cable: Brexit 'may never happen'  
Vince Cable to Marr: "I'm beginning to think that Brexit may never happen, the problems are enormous, divisions in major parties enormous" 
Vince Cable: "I am beginning to think that Brexit will never happen" #marr 
Brexit opportunity | Liam Fox to help 100,000 small businesses cash in on £2billion Brexit exports bonanza  
One by one, Brexit’s ‘salvations’ are seen to be illusory | Nick Cohen  
Spot on @NickCohen4 Now's the time for opposition leaders to ride with changing public mood & say loudly we need to think again on Brexit 
Labour's position on #Brexit by Matt.   
Keeps repeating to brain dead Remains. There is NO such thing as a "hard" or "soft" Brexit. There is only BREXIT. Stop moaning. 
#Marr In these constituencies 66%+ wanted #remain. With majority of UK now against #brexit their MPs must find democratic way to #stopbrexit 
To anyone who says Brexit isn't draining away our jobs and our reputation, I say: go to Berlin (Frankfurt you'd find illuminating, too). 
Top 10 challenges/opportunities for #FinancialServices in 2017. {#ai #blockchain #brexit #cybersecurity #regtech #fintech #insurtech} 
It's slowly sinking in, Brexit is a 'no go'.  
Media platform Euractiv says 'UK imports and exports will suffer from Brexit isolation'What isolation? The USA and others want FTAs w/ UK! pic.twitter.com/NzQeJzzvzF 
@jeremycorbyn is a dishonest MP who talks the talk about poverty etc, whilst backing Brexit. Austerity can't end unless Brexit stopped.  
Fascists will riot in the streets if #no brexit. Farage threatens it and now Davis. Frankly is there a better reason to fight Brexit?  
It'd be hard for Britain to adopt a relationship with the EU like ours, Norway's PM says  
Our Brexit strategy (sic) now rests on our leader (sic) taking at face value the word of @potus in one of his many inconsistent throwaways 
Brexit vote sees highest spike in religious and racial hate crimes ever recorded  
Brexit has as much chance of survival as the Prime Minister.None.  
Another major speech by @jeremycorbyn with no mention of #Brexit. Perhaps he realises his support for it is toxic?  
Fewer EU workers after Brexit will put business growth at risk, study finds  
That's you voting for Brexit and then taking it back  
The UK has swapped its decent economic future and prospects for the illusion of sovereignty. Brexit is insane.  
Could anyone have guessed a year ago that the two major parties combine to destroy Britain with a hard Brexit? New Party and PR needed now. 
Thanks to the financial crisis and Brexit, Britain has lost all of its global functions in one great rush  
Government saying they are doing Brexit to prevent a public uprising. This is the Banks and Farage line. UK government is compromised. 
Third sign in three days Brexit is hurting the economy  
I can't *wait* to see Trump's 'quick deal' for Britain. File under 'That post-Brexit Socialist Paradise is Just Around the Corner'. 
One by one, Brexit’s ‘salvations’ are seen to be illusory  
"I'm desperate""Bigly""Merkel won't give us Brexit""Do you like chlorinated chicken?""Yes""Play by our rules?""Yes""Done" #marr 
Donald Trump said he expects a "powerful" trade deal with the UK soon. Does this make you feel better about Brexit? Can we trust him?  
How Brexit is turning our tech leaders "from predator into prey" (). 
Ready to govern "for the many"? Does that include the many who want to #Remain in the EU? Or are we excluded? #Corbyn #Brexit 
'Stop gloating whenever Brexit gets tough' Business peer savages 'BBC propaganda machine'  
Migrant chaos in Paris as thousands arrive from Italy seeking to get to UK! #Brexit is looking real good right now!!  
The referendum was not about the EU or even immigration - it was about foreigners  
Brexit is not the will of the British people - it never has been  
i have a phD in art history and im here to tell you why brexit is good 
#Venezuela's attorney general calls for referendum to determine if the people support a new Constitution  
It's a sorry sight which underlines the dreadful position labour leadership 'appears' to have adopted in relation to Brexit.  
The 1979 referendum was overturned by WMIt denied Scotland a ParliamentEven though we won it52/48I will never forgive that 
You should read Japan's Brexit note to Britain — it's brutal  via @BIUK_Politics 
#OsunWestDecides was NOT a referendum on @raufaregbesola's legacy; it's a call to action. Politics of the past is dead! 
Wow! Ademola Adeleke won. Good for the political atmosphere,& of course a referendum on Aregbe's shambolic performance. Good for democracy! 
The UK's Brexit strategy seems dependent on the assumption that everyone else on the planet is bluffing, but Trump isn't. Brilliant 
If Davis is the best they've got to offer then Tories are a worse state than I thought. Clueless about Brexit, urged May to go for early GE  
Self-explanatory.#Brexit  
After Brexit, fluency in German will be a vital tool for success | the big issue  
But, didn't they need us more than we needed them? The stupidity of Brexit continues to reveal itself.   
Almost half of European businesses have started looking to replace UK  suppliers with EU27 competitors - via @IanDunt#Brexit #StopBrexit 
It's official: George Osborne's 'Project Fear' warnings during EU referendum were wrong  via @telegraphnews 
Brexit 'will damage Britain's influence in the world' says William Hague  
This is why Brexit might not actually happen  
How do you pronounce BREXIT? (Please produce a 52% to 48% result, that would be ) 
Welcome to Brexit Britain. You want to see what I'm fighting. It is this. #EUloudandproud and up for a fight. 
EU chief mocks UK's Brexit ambitions with comparison to limbless Monty Python knight  
Third sign in three days Brexit is hurting the economy  
Labour's position on Brexit by Matt - political cartoon gallery in Putney  
Brexit will lead to a bigger one.  
 this is how people power is destroying the dreams of the far right and brexit. Enjoy. X 
Remember Gove's interview with Trump - It was later found that Murdoch was also in the room #Brexit #StopBrexit #Remain 
Rupert Murdoch has massive and unaccountable power over #Brexit Britain & Trump's USA #StopBrexit #Remain 
Much in common. Both of them are throwbacks fighting the battles of the 1970s. Both back the ridiculous unworkable Brexit bollocks.  
Observer front page, Sunday 9 July 2017: German industry in stark warning to UK over Brexit  
If you believe Brexit is a mistake, you have a democratic duty to oppose it : Democratic Audit UK  
A Brexit scandal: 5 tax-dodging billionaires control 80 of our media and back Tory tax haven #Brexit for the rich#Remain #StopBrexit 
THE SUNDAY EXPRESS FRONT PAGE: ‘May is dealt Trump card on Brexit’ #skypapers 
Theresa May can't guarantee British trade will recover from Brexit  
The guilty men of Brexit 
Referendum, not quit notice will create Biafra ―PDP BoT - ―pdp-bot/ 
It's simple. No legal subservience - PM faces Brexit rebellion over ECJ red line  via @telegraphnews 
The party that gave us Brexit and possibly the unravelling of the whole EU, cowers in the face of Islam. That is why AMW is needed. 
German industry warns UK not to expect help in Brexit talks  
Here's an idea. Let's just stay in the EU.#Brexit 
The case for Brexit evolves:'We won you lost''Will of the people''Too late now''If we don't do it, kippers will riot'Hmm, convincing... 
Sunday's INDEPENDENT Digital: "Brexit vote's legacy: record rise in hate crimes" #bbcpapers #tomorrowspaperstoday 
Brexit is going to happen: claims to the contrary are time-wasting mischief says the @Telegraph 
I don't believe a word any government minister utters in public about Brexit 
We're 12mo into Brexit & 6m into Trump & only now I remember Pratchett's "potatoes of defiance". Excuse to re-read. 
Over a year, and we're STILL fighting the EUref campaign. You'd have thought that we'd have bound together by now to make Brexit a success. 
It's also ridiculous, where is the enthusiasm for Brexit, the street parties, the public celebration? We can cope with Farage having a tizzy  
These Scientists Say Brexit Is A "Mess" For British Nuclear Research And Industry  via @tomchivers 
Banking chiefs are starting to concede that Britain may lose oversight of euro clearing  
#Brexit built on the lie that that an advisory referendum was mandatory.A50 not legally notified to the EU  
In a couple of weeks, increasingly confident of launching a major #Brexit and Business research project in and for #Scotland. 
My answer to anti-BBC bores from : The BBC is accused of having a lefty, right-wing, pro-Remain Brexit agenda.... 
"The idea that somehow the British people were misinformed about Brexit is absolute nonsense" ~ IDS  
Stop Press: Fortunately for Sunderland, the Government (well, @DavidDavisMP) plans launch of the New Austin Brexit. #brexit  
‘We want free trade deal!' New Zealand minister wants UK agreement right after Brexit. Don't tell Lineker.   
Allies are anxious to seal bilateral free trade deals w/ UK soon. Exit the customs union and single market immediately on Brexit: March 2019 
What exactly has Islamic terrorism in the UK got to do with the EU or Brexit, you moron?  
FT: Senior ministers reject calls for the UK to stay in the EU customs union and single market for any lengthy time after Brexit. 
SCOOP: Theresa May planning to relaunch her premiership with major speech next week setting out post-Brexit vision  
Part of team @TFMRIRE building with all our friends in @repealeight & "talking 'bout a referendum"#Repealthe8th 
Opinion: Theresa May must recognise a deeper discontent runs through the heart of Brexit  
This Brexit is suffering from technical problems and cannot continue. A Brexit replacement service will be provided by remaining in the EU. 
#Brexit is a total waste of time, resources and effort, where the outcome is likely great cost for no gain. Cancel it now, before we cannot! 
"Hammond doesn't think free trade deals will make much difference after Brexit despite PM saying they're important" 
Beautiful Saturday in #Leeds meeting many people still passionately opposed to #Brexit. Hard core Brexiters a rarity. pic.twitter.com/zRiRsTGFwi 
.@jeremycorbyn How can you stand in front of thousands and say this when you support hard Brexit? It will make the situation so much worse.  
Brexiteers called data about Brexit consequences "Project Fear" to discredit expertiseNow it's Project RealityYou were warnedDon't whine pic.twitter.com/grNckvmMvu 
Why should UK benefit from EU business?Brexit means ExitExit means OutOut is not InBrits won't have EU cake and eat it too being Out  
Simplistic understanding of democracy. Advisory referendum. May flouted her duty. Corbyn whipped Labour MPs to flout theirs and most obeyed.  
Our Brexit talks with David Davis were necessarily "blunt," Ireland's foreign minister says  
Calling off #Brexit won't prompt a revolt. Ploughing ahead regardless will. #StopTheMadness 
John Kerry: Brexit will be 'incredibly difficult'; best if it didn't happen, and bad to restrict trade. 'I say that as a friend' #wisewords 
Brexit architects have undermined the stability of the UK and show no remorse, and all for what?  
These are the Brexit Elite who think they can tell ordinary people that they can't change their mind about Brexit.  
President Trump announces he will indeed be visiting London soon. Trade deal with UK to be completed ASAP. #MAGA #Brexit 
AmericaJapanNew ZealandIt's all happening today, as countries around the world confirm their eagerness to seal FTAs with UK. Post-Brexit 
#PresidentBarzani chaired a mtg of High Referendum Board to review steps taken & the way forward. All agreed no turning back on #Referendum.  
By advocating a Hard Brexit you are ensuring we have an economy that only works for the few not the many. You are a hypocrite  
The Senate health care bill is a referendum on our safety net. 1 
So @DavidDavisMP is now threatening UK businesses with a backlash should they express concerns over a hard Brexit. Get these idiots out. 
USA offering the UK a trade deal after Brexit  
And, we will surely agree one. New Zealand Trade Minister Todd McClay wants a UK agreement right after Brexit.  
Brexit is a project without a plan, no framework, rules made up in transit; watch as it unravels & leaves a trail of destruction in its wake  
Referendum is a "threat to the national security" of Spain? And some still wonder why many Catalans want to leave  
I want my country back from this shower of #Brexit Taliban Cons who know they're destroying UK economy, but will do it anyway for ideology  
LBC caller RAILS AGAINST BBC’s Remainer 'propaganda' attempting to THWART Brexit  
The divisions in the Tory and Labour parties over Brexit are too deep to heal. Both parties should split. 
#r4today missed this brutal, lengthy, dissection of potential economic damage of #brexit then via @BIUK_Politics 
'Stop gloating whenever Brexit gets tough' Business peer  Lord Digby Jones@Digbylj savages @BBC propaganda machine'  
Remember when the Express dismissed warnings that Banks would leave London after Brexit as 'project fear'?  
May: "We're leaving the EU, we're not leaving Europe"For that to happen, u need to abandon hard #Brexit. Otherwise, you're leaving Europe 
The imagery of new warships is potent. But in reality Brexit has raised questions about Britain's place in the world  
"We're leaving the EU, we're not leaving Europe" - @theresa_may on world leaders' reaction to Brexit #G20summit  
After a vote for Brexit, the pound is now the world's worst-performing major currency 8 July 2016 
UK economy is performing at a quarter of the rate of the Euro nations. This means is more proof of self-harming Brexit. #BlameTheLeavers 
We're fighting against a hard & destructive Brexit at #PrideInLondon sign & share our petition now:  
Brexit is a retreat – not a liberation  
Credit Suisse CEO blames Brexit on Britain's 'chronic lack of investment in education'  via @HuffPostUK 
Do you believe David Davis is doing s good job as brexit minister ? 
Brexit will divert the machinery of government for 2 yrs, putting everything else on hold; what a waste of time, a complete dog's breakfast.  
Take back control with the Austin Brexit.  
Quitlings seem less confident in posting up dribble this last month. It's like a lake of ignorance just dried up. Time to dump Brexit. 
Hammond rubbishes the trade deals that #May & Fox pin such hopes on to rescue British economy if we #Brexit 
Labour to LDs: "Accept the result of the referendum, accept the will of the people"Me: what like Corbyn never did post 1975? 
Theresa May taunts EU with secret trade deal talks with Japan after successful Trump meeting #G20summit #Brexit  
You are right @Keir_Starmer, Brexit has become a a truth-free zone. As the Remainer in the camp, please share the facts, Brexit = Poorer.  
I don't get it. Government fears backlash of 17 million. What about the backlash of the 48 million when the nonsense of #Brexit strikes?  
Glorious day will start with a massive trade deal with our #1 ally, and giving a reward 2 England 4 Brexit, and deferring fear of transition 
#MAGA #Brexit  - G20: @POTUS 'Will be Going to #London' to Sign 'Very Big, Very Powerful' Trade Deal 
Wetherspoon's boss blasts 'unelected' EU Brexit negotiators  
So that's another 10,000 jobs to be sacrificed at the altar of #brexit. And the Leave campaign just cried "project fear" like lemmings.  
Ringo Starr has said he hopes Theresa May can bring "peace and love" to the UK with Brexit  
Personally, I take no pleasure in seeing the PM of the United Kingdom in this position. No matter what Party. #Brexit eats its young.  
Me: fuck BrexitSome idiot on the internet: YOU THINK YOU'RE BETTER THAN EVERYONE STOP LAUGHING THIS IS WHY WE VOTED LEAVE YOU INSOLENT BITC 
Britain MUST NOT arm Nigeria to kill Biafrans again like in 1960s#SelfDetermination is a universal right #Biafra#BiafraExit like #Brexit  
Trump insists Britain will THRIVE after EU exit as he agrees Brexit trade deal with May  
ThisNo win position for DavisEven if pro Brexit riots happened (unlikely) all he's really saying is that the UK is now subject to mob rule  
Oh, Trump promised? I see. Brexit will be fine then, Britain. We have his word. All good.   
Frankfurt "confident" of poaching Britain’s €930 billion clearing industry after Brexit  via @LondonEconomic 
Trump pledges post-Brexit trade deal with Britain to be done 'quickly'  pic.twitter.com/9e8vjaTDsw 
Brexit was supposed to end Tory divisions. It hasn't. There's now an active battle to succeed May between Philip Hammond and Jacob Rees-Mogg  
I've said it for months and I've yet to see evidence to the contrary: if Brexit, esp hard Brexit, happens, it'll be thanks to Labour.  
Brexit: hatred of the many, by the few. 
The referendum committee mtg ended successfully. All participating parties reaffirm commitment to 7/6/2017 decision. Practical steps agreed. 
VICTORY: Trump insists Britain will THRIVE after EU exit as he agrees Brexit trade deal with May  
Deutsche Bank plans to relocate much of the business it reports in London to Frankfurt  
Even under Corbyn, a hard #Brexit Britain would have to a create a tax haven like environment to attract investment. Tory heaven#StopBrexit 
It's official: George Osborne's 'Project Fear' warnings during EU referendum were wrong  
Discussed #MosulOps post #ISIS Stabilization & Governance in #Ninewa Province, Referendum & Future Outlook w DHM at #German Embassy #Baghdad 
Once EU Laws & Regulatory powers are transferred onto the UK statute bookShould the UK negotiate Brexit outside of EU membership & in WTO 
Everyone who freaked out about TTIP and voted Brexit… Well done. *headdesk*  
Trump expects to reach a post-Brexit trade agreement with the UK "very, very quickly"  
BACKSLIDE: Chancellor Hammond once again seeking to undermine and water down Brexit. Sack him!  
#Brexit negotiations on citizens:"the UK’s conditional offer is certainly not ‘generous’" says @RCorbettMEP 
If @UKLabour is to support Brexit, it should as clear about it's impacts as the EU have been. Pls sign the letter  
No, austerian capitalism is making peoplepoorer and has been for approximately a decade. Brexit hasn't actually happened yet.  
It's because I love my country, that I oppose Brexit. Patriotism, like socialism, comes in many shapes and sizes. 
You're wrong self determination is not about war is a democratic process for #Biafrans to decide through #Referendum  
History GCSE 2058: To what extent were crack regiments of Wimbledon ball boys and girls decisive in winning the Brexit civil war of 2018?  
After election, U.K. sees possible signs of softer Brexit approach  
Expect a big rise in politicians who insist on TV that Brexit's going brilliantly & accuse anyone asking for evidence of being unpatriotic. 
Cabinet is going to split over Brexit – & no one can predict what happens after that. My Sunday article @IndyVoices 
Frankfurt is confident it will take Britain's €930 billion euro clearing industry after Brexit  
Donald Trump says he expects to reach a "very powerful" trade deal with Britain following Brexit  
Latest estimate is that #Brexit will cost us £53 Billion. Let's #StopBrexit and fund our #NHS instead. 
I've been in about a dozen countries since #brexit voteGeneral consensus was"why did you do it"&"who elected her" 
"That's why we will continue to stand up for human rights".... and repeal the Human Rights Act as soon as we've got Brexit out of the way.  
You missed the elephant in the room @johnmcdonnellMP. It's Tory Brexit we're voting through that is wrecking the economy. Time for truth.  
Brexit goes from bad to worse. With Japaese free trade deal EU will take ALL car manufacturing from UK - another Tory disaster. #ToriesOut 
Yes - send Sam to the Brexit negotiations #NZvBIL 
If Brexit *wasn't* about anti-immigration, freedom of movement wouldn't be a 'red line'....  
If the BBC had not, inexplicably, given Farage so much air time there would be no Brexit & Britain could concentrate on growth. 
The reason you joined the European Union is that the empire was gone and Britain was small and poor. That is the future of Brexit. 
But what we KNOW about the Brexit vote is that it was overwhelmingly old, white & uneducated. That's just the facts. 
There are now several studies w evidence (besides that of our ears & eyes) immigration was key Brexit factor e.g.  
The EU just made it clear, @UKLabour's approach is folly & dire Brexit consequences inevitable.  Time for truth, to face facts and Remain.  
Thanks to the financial crisis and Brexit, Britain has lost all of its global functions in one great rush  
Brexit might never happen according to Vince Cable  
Does Brexit mean we can get rid of annoying cookie warnings on websites? Please god 
Tory mins claim 'politically imposs' to stay in SM & CU. OK, negotiate your lousy Brexit deal, then invite ppl to choose betw that & #Remain 
HUGE VOTE-IF VOTE RETWEET! Does planned US/UK trade deal with @realDonaldTrump, strengthen the UK hand of #Brexit? #yourvoice #followback 
Today we are in Dublin, building for a Referendum! #RepealThe8th 
Brilliant from @steverichards14 in @TheNewEuropean Time coming to stop Brexit. '1% chance' of that from May or Corbyn. Will Parliament?  
.@ringostarrmusic Brexit has already severely, and destructively, impacted upon the lives of millions. It will never bring peace and love.  
Good news on #Brexit: Trump expects "powerful" trade deal with UK to be completed "very quickly".  
This talk of a "backlash" if no hard Brexit is pure intimidation. It also concedes he has no other serious arguments in favour of Brexit.  
Question: Would Corbyn have been able to stay as Labour leader had he stuck to his principles & campaigned for Leave?#Brexit #StopBrexit 
If we're not competent enough to elect good leaders, I don't think we're competent enough to make key policy decisions via a referendum. 
There are, it seems, 3 reasons to continue to support #Brexit. 1) Willful ignorance. 2) Obstinacy. 3) Malice. 
Thanks to Brexit, we all have 2% less disposable income than we did last year. £1 in every £50, gone. And it's only going to get worse.  
The EU just signed a trade deal with Japan. Meanwhile, Liam Fox thinks ties will save Brexit  
Which side is the BBC backing in the Brexit negotiations? 
"We will repeal and replace Obamacare , and it will be done very, very quickly. It's easy."#TrumpLies#USUKTradeDeal#Brexit  
Uh oh! Watch out!New BS approaching:"Theresa May to Renew Push for Her Vision of Brexit Britain, Official Says".  
Referendum will be only restricted to Kashmiri Hindus, Jammuites and nationalists in the valley: RSN Singh #ServeIndiaNotSalahuddin 
Theresa May can't guarantee British trade will recover from Brexit  
If you say restructuring or referendum, many think it's either break up or war. Why so? Why are we so afraid to talk & make Nigeria WORK?? 
Now. The Referendum committee's second meeting started.Details of practical steps, general preparations will be discussed  
A reminder that everything negative about Brexit is a positive for EU membership. Article 50 is revocable and we can #StopBrexit and #Remain 
"Back of the queue?"  Brexit = democracy = the reason the establishment keeps trying to scupper it.  
How much will #Brexit cost? One expert has worked out how much the UK will have to pay to exit the EU  
President Donald Trump is holding one-to-one talks with PM Theresa May shortly to discuss a post-Brexit trade deal.  
We are in this for the long haul. Even if Brexit averted, we will still need to deal with dangerous nationalism for decades 
"Brexit was a vote for a future as an independent nation — a choice few of our neighbours feel they still have."  
How many times does Mrs May have to 'set out her vision for Brexit' before she can see what everyone else can see: it's all bollocks. 
Expect in 3.2.1...Howls of protest from the Left against a US President who wants to HELP us with Brexit doing a quick  Free Trade Deal  
Remainers who voted for @jeremycorbyn & his @UKLabour party please watch this. He's going to Brussels to tell them he's in favour of #Brexit  
For goodness' sake all the people tweeting me that they had an Asian taxi driver once who voted leave so Brexit isn't about anti-immigration  
Business leaders widely recognise Brexit will cause irreparable damage unless this mission of madness is reversed.  
Important wake up call for the  Tories on the realities of Brexit  
Since the election there is also a lot of evidence that this is a bluff. Most voters seem less bothered about Brexit 
Davis claims Brexit needs to be implemented because any other option will lead to a public revolt. That's the only card Brexiteers have left 
Brexit legitimised all sorts of loonies, at least in their own minds. Even rampant racists; the delusional and the psychotic feel empowered. 
 Mrs May is to relaunch her premiership next week by setting out her post-Brexit vision  
Not one single politician with the guts to tell the people the truth - Brexit is a Tory led disaster.  
David Davies says #Brexit deal to protect economy impossible because of political backlash.From whom but Tory right? UK in thrall to fools 
I am not falling for the Corbyn messiah act. He wants Brexit as much as May. We need a remain party without baggage to back. 
I know in my heart that Brexit can be stopped | The Independent  
Brexit is making you poorer.  
Brexit is killing the economy. And the Chancellor doubts the main economic argument for doing it.  
It's far better to support our Brexit negotiators rather than undermine them says @SahajVioli 
If @scotgov and yes movement can develop a clear and coherent economic strategy ahead of any future referendum.....  
London's clearing business will be safe after Brexit, Barclays' chairman tells Bloomberg  
Before you talk about #Biafra #Referendum,first,go & tell Scotland, Northern Ireland to not break away from UK@PaulTArkwright @UKinNigeria 
Right here is a mini referendum on your ambition 2 be Nig number 1 citizen, give up d thought sir. If Nig is fair, u all shld be in prison  
Sikkim’s history: From buffer state for British to a referendum in favour of India 
#brexit may cost #NHS £3.4bn bill. Can the service survive our divorce?Please Share/Follow Us! Trusted Medicine 
George Osborne got it WRONG on ‘Project Fear’ warnings in Brexit debate, watchdog declares  
To #neuremberg with #MerkelTrial her for high treason, for trying to destroy Europe, to kill off 500 million Europeans.#Brexit #Nexit 
The @Conservatives can no longer claim to be the party of business. They are the party of #Brexit dogma.  
Quiz: who said this, Jeremy Corbyn or Theresa May?That's how close Labour Leadership & Tory Leadership are on hard #brexit  
G20: Theresa May and Donald Trump to discuss post-Brexit trade  
Jeremy Corbyn is preparing to become prime minister by meeting the EU's Brexit chief  
The economy was starting to get better and now we are risking it all through Brexit. #StopBrexit 
Sign this - Jacob Rees-Mogg for Prime Minister after Brexit is complete. Let's make it happen  #MoggMentum #Mogg4PM 
#Brexit is the desire to regain the sovereign powers most nations take for granted, strange that #Remain aka #SoftBrexit rejects this desire 
so nice of the BBC to remind us that everyone in Bradford should be immediately deported #Brexit  
Announcing the Coalition to Bring the Flavor Ban Ordinance to the Voters via Referendum in San Francisco. 
Just when you thought Brexit had been blamed for everything   
Why shouldn't Remainers assume Corbyn is honest and take his actions at face value as showing he's a convinced Brexiter?#StopBrexit #Brexit 
Make no mistake, Theresa May wants a cliff edge Brexit. She has no other plan. We will all suffer, Brexit is a Tory betrayal. 
A little ironic PM wants @POTUS to change mind & rejoin Paris Agreement but rules out any change of policy on Hard Brexit even if unpopular  
Frankfurt "confident" of poaching Britain’s €930 billion clearing industry after Brexit  via @LondonEconomic 
This is why Brexit might not actually happen  
Really looking forward to being out on streets of #Leeds tomorrow talking #Brexit. Come & meet us from 1pm Briggate.  
Good. Nor should it be.Alongside Brexit, Islamist Jihadism, stagnant EuroZone & migrant crisis, it shouldn't be in anyone's priorities.  
Brexit 'will damage Britain's influence in the world' says William Hague  
Great to see @vincecable recognising public mood is beginning to shift & Brexit may never happen. via @BIUK_Politics 
We ALL really know what Brexit means, even some of those in Leave.EU. The writing is on the wall of Brexit. #StopBrexit 
I’ll stop retweeting anti- #Brexit stories when #Brexit stops breaking the country  
So not only did Brexit leaders use foul means to secure their vote, they've probably already laid the groundwork for civil unrest. 
The Westmonster / LeaveEU followers who I've encountered are quick to talk of violence, riots & even civil war if they don't get hard Brexit 
Has Corbyn shown any sign of recognizing that #Remain'ers even exist as a legitimate political force, let alone that he respects us?#Brexit 
Soundbites are being prepared, both sides are stockpiling cliches.Tory civil war on Brexit is imminent.  
."To investors & to those disappointed by Brexit, we are ready to roll out the blue, white & red carpet for you" . 
Brexit explained  
They've nothing to worry about, they'll get their peerages and top jobs with multinationals. Ordinary people will have to suffer. #Brexit  
When you get called delusional by far right Tories and far left Corbynites then you know you've done something right!Brexit = bad! Simple! 
France moves to lure bankers after Brexit by making Paris more attractive  
Strange when Eurozone growth one of few things staving off UK recession that HMG has chosen to reaffirm hard BREXIT.  #economicilliteracy 
FINANCIAL TIMES Scottish indy is best for Scotland.The case for Scottish independence looks stronger post-Brexit  
What are the scenarios for UK citizens in the EU after Brexit?Great analysis by @TamaraHervey & @sarahkmccloskey:  
Please let it be the Brexit bus, that would be a fitting finale to a dreadful episode in the UK's chequered history.  
It's official: George Osborne's 'Project Fear' warnings during the EU referendum were wrong  #Brexit 
The economic case for Brexit is piffle. Says the Chancellor.  
'Things have gone well!' Rees-Mogg says BBC just can’t accept Brexit has been a success   
Economist accuses EU of CHARGING BRITAIN BILLIONS for things that may never happen  via @Your Brexit 
Fury as Richard Dawkins says British public is 'NOT QUALIFIED' to vote on Brexit  
The imagery of new warships is potent. But in reality Brexit has raised questions about Britain's place in the world  
Well said. The public has a right to change its mind whether on Brexit or independence. The old shouldn't bind the hands of the young.  
Fewer EU workers after Brexit will put business growth at risk, study finds  
So apparently Corbyn dealt hard Brexit a major blow.Hmm ...   
Conservative Party has betrayed British Business. As the economy falters, biz leaders will turn up heat to cancel Brexit  
This is the most NSFW letter the FT has ever printed. And it nails what Brexit is really about   
Hard and sudden Brexit wanted by UK govt  via @FT 
'Brexit is going to be stopped, and this is what will happen next'   
'They’re trying to take over!' Wetherspoon's boss blasts 'unelected' EU Brexit negotiators  
I would quite like Judy Murray to be leading us into the Brexit negotiations 
Corbyn's position is clear. He accepts Brexit. Some of us don't and will fight it. 
One man holds future of #Brexit in his hands: Philip Hammond - new post on how if he jumped #Brexit is in question  
TBH Somi, after Brexit I don't think telling England that they are now under direct rule from the Vatican will go down well.  
Britain’s most hated man isn’t all that hateful  Yes Tommy Robinson is a lovely man 
It's official: George Osborne's 'Project Fear' warnings during EU referendum were wrong  via @telegraphnews 
Remainers Using Permanent Transition to Reverse Brexit  
Yep. 'Getting the Tories out' a total sideshow compared to the horror that Brexit will visit upon our country. Alliances and cross-party pls  
Brexit:Wanting to leave what we already haveWanting to keep what we already haveWhy the fuck do they still want to leave?Ah yes, racism! 
How much will Brexit cost?How much the UK will have to pay to exit the EUpic.twitter.com/AMhIFQfmVD 
I hear Colonial Davidson has sent 35 tweets about military. That’s more than she’s said on the rape clause, austerity or Brexit in 12 months 
So true. Sick being told I'll be okay or allowed to stay. Need a home, not permission to stay fm xenophobes! #Brexit  
Allow me to correct you, @PhilipHammondUK:Stupid people want Brexit.Sensible people want to Remain in the EU. 
Because that's all Brexit is: the biggest mis-selling scandal in the history of fraud. 
"Hard or soft Brexit is NONSENSE, we are leaving the EU" -Jacob Rees–Mogg#Brexit#QuestionTime 
‘We want free trade deal!' New Zealand minister wants UK agreement right after Brexit  
Brexit latest...  
If Brexit is such an amazing idea, why does literally everything look so utterly shit?Any answers, Brexiters? 
The Brexit dream ticket right there. 
Translation: FT remainer fantasists come into contact with Brexit reality  
Labour supporters really need to think about choosing - you get NHS investment, free tuition fees etc or #Brexit - can't afford to have both  
With his sharp eye and mischievous sense of humour, Grayson Perry cheekily turns Brexit into art  From @1843mag 
'Brexit is an opportunity for UK not to step back from European defence but to strengthen Euro-Atlantic security', DefSec tells @CSIS in USA 
This is absolutely why #Remain focus has to be unflinchingly on weakening Corbyn's position & his hold over Labour hearts and minds#Brexit  
1. I'm going to cover a few myths about the EU put forward by Brexit advocates. The first (because it is the simplest):"The EU won't reform"  
.@PhilipHammondUK I'm sure you know full well that the only sensible Brexit is no Brexit at all. Fight for that!  
Britain wants to have its cake and eat it, Ireland's foreign minister says of Brexit  
'They left us with NO MONEY' Rees-Mogg savages Labour for creating public sector pay mess  
Jacob Rees-Mogg in "serious contention" to become the next leader of the Conservative party  via @LondonEconomic 
Divisive Brexit vote has unleashed something very ugly | Brief letters  
'Brexit is easing UK into recession like an old man lowering himself into a hot bath'Project Fear = Project Fact. 
I'm not obsessed with Brexit.I want to get back to my normal life.I'm fighting this battle so we CAN get back to our normal lives !!! 
Brexiters have had total freedom to shape Brexit in their own image. It is collapsing, regardless; so it is their vision that was wrong. 
David Davis being given the grand title of "Chief Brexit Negotiator" is like being handed a set of goggles by Emperor Hirohito in 1945. 
Corbyn's near total silence on Assad & Putin's crimes in Syria & his excusing of Putin's war in Ukraine hardly fit his popular image#Brexit 
Theresa May can't guarantee British trade will recover from Brexit  
Our Brexit talks with David Davis were necessarily "blunt," Ireland's foreign minister says  
To stop #Brexit we need only a few Tory rebels, but we need almost all the Labour MPs. That is why Corbyn must be attacked.#StopBrexit 
BBC accused of being lefty, right-wing, pro-Remain, Brexit propaganda channel | NewsThump  
Made my French neighbour smile. Told him Brits over here are an advanced landing party. Rest of the UK is coming over to settle post #brexit 
EU Fishing Alliance: We'll ignore #Brexit; “Royal Navy can't control all your waters.”Admirals: Rebuild the fleet!  
Rees-Mogg makes it clear - we're either in or out, and we want out #Brexit  
How much will #Brexit cost? One expert has worked out how much the UK will have to pay to exit the EU  
Hey @RuthDavidsonMSP Any chance we could get 35 tweets about your brexit U-Turn, public sector pay cap, £1b DUP bribe, Rape Clause etc etc 
Because there is no case to be *made*! We won the referendum & we don't (& will under no circumstances) accept there's any need to win again  
Whether Remainers like it or not, the EU is getting its own army! #Brexit #EURef 
Which member of the Cabinet will have the guts to "do a Heseltine" and walk out - over #Brexit? 
Ress-Mogg wants BrexitFarage wants BrexitMurdoch wants BrexitDacre wants #BrexitCorbyn wants #Brexit ... What the F***!#StopBrexit 
Philip Hammond welcomes CBI intervention on SM transition deal & said that people wanted to see a “sensible Brexit”  
The greatest #Brexit letter of all time.  
The absolute state of Theresa May's extreme Brexit mandate tho    
. @JeremyCorbyn says he wants to stop austerity, but he's quite happy for £15bn a year to be burnt on #Brexit.  Hypocrite!#StopBrexit 
He's got the look of an ex-forces man, possibly suffering from horrific PTSD. Anyhow, he's got the Hard Brexit spirit we need. Welcome son! 
I heard today that building and civ eng industry associations are in despair over prospects and that JCB is regretting its Brexit stance 
Ouch. What a slap down of the Government's and Leaver's main economic argument for Brexit. From, er, the Chancellor. 
#dailypolitics @daily_politics 1) Thread on Daily politics,Brexit & saving license moneyJust watched @Jo_Coburn on having a #Brexit Debate 
France is pledging tax cuts in bid to win Brexit jobs race  
Free trade deals will have limited benefits for UK after Brexit, Philip Hammond warns  
Trade Sec Liam Fox slams BBC bias, saying they'd rather Britain failed than make a success of Brexit, we have very exciting trade potential. 
In @TheNewEuropean today I set out reasons why Brexit won't happen. And why we should keep up the pressure, to end the absurdity soonest. 
May's Brexit hopes ridiculed as businesses beg her to stay in the single market  
It'd be "madness" for Britain to reject close EU ties after Brexit, Philip Hammond says  
Did Eurosceptics try to make a success of EU membership for the last few decades after the referendum? Or were they unpatriotic traitors? 
#Brexit paves the way for a radical rethink of society - the left should be cheering it, writes @PaulEmbery.  
thanks Nick and feel vindicated when some of my ideas comimg to the fore of debate. Brexit is selfish &dcestructive but hope to damage limit  
'Things have gone well!' Rees-Mogg says BBC just can’t accept Brexit has been a success  
#Brexit "might not actually happen" as doubts set in... 
David Cameron wants Brexit Britain to be like Norway. Has he forgotten why he used to hate that idea, asks @asabenn 
And here we have it in one simple tweet - the wild Brexit promises of the UK government are quite simply undeliverable. End of.  
I told Russia Today that we need to set a date for a referendum for Irish Unity.  
The problem is that winning a referendum with lies is feasible, but winning economic prosperity with lies is harder, much harder. 
Preparations for #Catalonia's own Treasury and Tax Agency are well underway with the 1 Oct referendum on mind  
Liam Fox: "only politics stands in way of smooth Brexit trade deals"Once again, Fox shows that he doesn't have a clue what he's on about.  
Strange how Leavers now expect Remainers to help make a success of Brexit.Remainers could not even make a success of a referendum. 
Backing campaign to stop dolphin bycatch deaths in UK waters and calling on Gove to scrap deadly post-Brexit plans  
I want to fucking mute BrexitI want to block itWring its fucking neckBeat it to a bloody pulpKick it while it's downI want #StopBrexit 
Brexit blues: Pound falls, UK trade deficit swells & industrial output falls. People deserve Exit Package Final Say  
Let's make history! Referendum to create Voting Process Review Commission #Pittsburgh. We need #22kSignatures. Visit  
Let's all reflect on the stupidity of Brexit newspapers who now are realising 'project fear' was real: 
FT confirms Scottish Independence looks even more favourable than Brexit. Calls to reconsider holding position. 
Theresa May rejected pleas from David Davis to guarantee EU citizens' rights, sources say  
A strong, long-lasting transition can relieve the pain of Brexit. Theresa May might as well accept it now.  
In my defence, Brexit is really fucking stupid. 
FT View: Theresa May must listen to British business and act on their Brexit concerns  
#Brexit: Theresa May fails to guarantee new trade deals will make up for lost EU trade | The Independent  
Lingering in the EEA and Customs Union would guarantee a bad Brexit, says trade expert @ShankerASingham 
Yet the absolute opposite is the truth in ScotlandAnd Brexit is playing havok with economy in rUK  
Brexit row as Tory MP says troops didn’t die at D-Day so EU rapists can sit in our jails  
Meanwhile Corbynistas busy trying to convince Remainers that JC is only pretending to support Brexit! Are they hoping to fool them twice? 
#Brexit is a tale of the tax-dodging rich whipping up fear & xenophobia. Labour should have nothing to do with it. #StopBrexit #Corbyn 
The writer of previous best-sellers:"I am against Brexit."And"There will be no snap election."  
At the end of the day, I couldn't care less which politicians are sacrificed. Brexit must not happen, for all our futures. 
Really pleased to see MPs from all parties seeking to amend the Repeal Bill and stop an extreme #Brexit:  
MEP Bernd Lucke says #Erdogan rigged #Turkey's referendum that boosted his powers & that was proved scientifically. @BerndLucke 
A guide to the Catalan independence referendum.  
Me, on why the left should be cheering Brexit.  
Theresa May restates hopes for "frictionless trade" after Brexit but ignores an EU warning  
I am getting a whole new picture of the English Reformation as the Brexit of its day. 
Brexit has seen League of Legends RP costs rise in the UK by 20 percent  
And here is the full lineup - the 'big business leaders' really deciding how Brexit is going to work  
Brexit project is a badly planned waste of resources, one year on nothing positive achieved:Time now to reverse.   
How did I miss this? Brilliant diary of 'a Brexit bargaining chip' by @PaulineBock @NewStatesman.  
On port customs checks post-#Brexit, HMRC told Treasury Committee "it can cope with it well", says @kitmalthouse on #bbcdp. Simply untrue. 
Sixtus Dominic Boniface Christopher is an anagram ofInfectious rich sod champions Brexit..... 
French educational map has already implemented Brexit: the EU-27  
Labour fights for both soft and hard Brexit. This two-faced pitch cannot last #Premium 
Record foreign investment since Brexit vote shows Britain is still open for business  
So this interesting Brexit analogy was cut from the recent series of   1/2 
'I made up my mind BEFORE the referendum' Brexit voter rubbishes '£350m bus lie' claims  
UK starting salaries jump as Brexit vote hits staff supply - REC  
Lovely morning @ Lyndhurst School in Camberley talking to Year 6 - we discussed climate change, Brexit and bees  
Ever get the feeling this government has bitten off more than it can chew?#Brexit 
Whisper this very quietly. Don't want to upset the Remainers.The quiet successes of Brexit  
I really do think there'd be a lot of support now for a mainstream political party that didn't want to stuff our economy by pursuing Brexit. 
I'm literally going to laugh and say I told you so every time Brexit hits the economy  
Lord Hannay negotiated Britain's entry into the EU. Now he says the government's Brexit policy is in chaos:  
Corbyn will never be PM & Labour never Govern until they come out against Brexit and pay their debt to those who lent their vote  
they'll guarantee business interests put first in Brexit. 20 Trade Unionists, Environmentalists and consumer Groups next week.Pigs might fly 
Non-EU Switzerland signed a Free Trade Agreement with Japan in September 2009. #BehindTheGame #Brexit  
Remember when the Leave group said we could stay in the Single Market and be like Norway? #Brexit  
The EU is 'running scared' after realising Britain may walk away from 'ridiculous' Brexit demands  
Brexit losing UK another £5bn of wages, taxes and profits.  
It's almost as if support of Brexit was inversely proportional to the level of education gained or something.  
Barnier sinks the claim that we can have "frictionless" trade with Europe after #Brexit : 
Pound falls as UK trade deficit swells and industrial output falls unexpectedly  Unexpectedly? This is #Brexit 
Brexit is not in the best interests of UK or its people. Negotiations will never give May what she wants & UK will never be the same again! 
The article bigs up UK Brexit  trade talks with India, Latin America, Israel and Korea. The EU already has FTAs with the latter two...1/2  
Funny how the MPs being threatened with deselection are the same MPs who voted for a soft Brexit & against putting ideology before the poor  
Mrs May won't guarantee post-Brexit deals will make up for lost trade from EU after the UK leaves. Time to rethink?  
If standard, misinformed radio interviews on Brexit make you seethe, restore your sanity with this. People who actually know their stuff.  
Thank you @MollyMEP for talking to @The3Million about how best to safeguard #citizensrights in Brexit  
But @JeremyCorbyn you're happy with a #Brexit already costing £15bn a year. Complete hypocrisy.  
The CBI should respect the referendum result. Its proposal would tie our hands in the Brexit negotiations  
'Brexit is going to be stopped, and this is what will happen next'  
The BBC would rather see Britain fail than Brexit succeed, suggests International Trade Secretary Liam Fox  
How Anti-Brexit Newspaper The New European Became An Unlikely Success Story  via @psmith 
How the world press saw the introduction of the Catalan Independence Referendum law  
Theresa May can't guarantee British trade will recover from Brexit  
Watch #JacobReesMogg set Remoaners straight on #Brexit  
brexit hanging over us like big sword of dumbocles 
engage (listenmode.io)If engage = real questionrepeat "awful, terrible, residents, tragedy, response"else"secure best brexit for UK" 
'Things have gone well!' Rees-Mogg says BBC just can’t accept Brexit has been a success   
My thoughts on how to develop a UK foreign investment policy post-Brexit. #ISDS @IAReporter @IanaDreyer @sdonnan @SamuelMarcLowe @hhesterm 
Here's how anti-#Brexit newspaper the new European became an unlikely success story 
'Things have gone well!' Rees-Mogg says BBC just can’t accept Brexit has been a success   
Labour policy. Support right wing Tory tax avoiders and ukip racists in pursuing a hard brexit.Remainers, get real.  
Struggling to get over the awesomeness of Jacob Rees-Mogg - articulate, logical, intellectual, compassionate, patriotic Tory for Brexit  
Bringing it back after Brexit.  
"This referendum is for Iraqi Kurdistan, it has nothing to do with Kurds in Turkey, Syria, or Iran," #KurdistanReferendum 
It's no surprise that the Westminster bubble are trying to kill #Brexit.  They fear democracy.  
Quite impressive that Chadli's managed to talk himself out of the Austria trip. Get him on the Brexit negotiating team ASAP. 
Pound falls for first time in 3 days against dollar as fears grow of an economic slowdown  
Another interesting RT from @WeyandSabine, EU deputy chief negotiator on Brexit.Kudos @ProfKAArmstrong 
2 themes for next few months as #Brexit keels over1) "people really love brexit, 82% voted for it"2) "it's all the remainer's fault"  
why are the MPs not understanding what brexit means the country voted to leave completely 
Conduct a referendum to decide a way forward - Igbo Diaspora urges Nigeria govt  
Business leaders threaten to derail #Brexit by demanding UK stays in Single Market and Customs Union indefinitely  
The Gov should start to prepare for crystallising the real benefits of Brexit, which will increase economic growth in the UK @JLongworthLML 
British film-making will suffer if Brexit puts obstacles in the way of EU nationals working in UK, says director.  
That's correct: the Article 50 treaty can set a later or earlier Brexit Day, if UK and qualified majority of EU MS and EP approve the deal.  
Brexit is going quietly well, a fact too often lost beneath Remoaner lies  
.@KingsCollegeLon opening "transcampus" in Germany to "get around this very stupid #Brexit idea" & keep attracting students to university  
'Brexit is going to be stopped, and this is what will happen next'  
Britain's chief Brexit negotiator already at odds with UK businesses  
Non-EU trade would need to rise by 4,000% to compensate for Brexit losses - devastating stat from @CraigOliver100 on QT last night. 
Ray Wilkins thinks Rangers need to sign more Brits as foreigners don't understand the Scottish league. #Brexit  
Theresa May responds to calls for Britain to stay in single market until Brexit deal is done  
More positive news about the Scottish economy, but also a warning about the impact of Brexit, particularly on skills  
Manufacturing output falls unexpectedly in May while the trade deficit widens. Oh #Brexit Britain... #StopBrexit. 
Not May Not CorbynNot Brexit: Hard Soft Extreme or PostponedNot austerity or profligacyJust plain Remain. Work together for better EU 
Brexiters would much rather see the UK become a third world shit hole than reverse Brexit. 
I attended meeting this week with others in No10 with the PM to discuss #Brexit implementation It's very definitely happening in March 2019  
It's important 2 judge actions not just words...sadly #Corbyn's words & actions lead one inevitably to the conclusion he wants #Brexit.  
-Falling £-Trade deficit grows-Output stumblesThis is Brexit@graemewearden 
Theresa May asked about details of Brexit on Sky News just now. Her answers have same relation to the questions as a frog does to a bicycle. 
Brexit: the gift that goes on taking away 
The last thing the armed forces need is to be directly associated with Brexit, the rape clause and a repulsive partnership with the DUP. 
#JacobReesMogg: "In is in, out is out. We knew what we were voting for!" #BBCQT  #BREXIT #BBC #SKY #UK #EU #TORY #RT 
Delete 'unexpectedly' insert 'because of Brexit.' Memo to media from Liam Fox. This is very very good news   
Remainers Using Permanent Transition to Reverse Brexit  
"I voted BREXIT because my knowledge of history is entirely limited to the facts that we USED to have an empire and we DON'T NOW" 
Very good read from @edwardlucas on the arrogant cluelessness of Gvmt's approach to Brexit and how it betrays us all 
. @DCBMEP The EU is 'running scared' after realising Britain may walk away from 'ridiculous' Brexit demands  
Factories and construction firms unexpectedly cut output, casting doubt over British economy  
There is almost no point attacking Tory #Brexit, while Corbyn stands as a great big roadblock on the path to stopping Brexit.#StopBrexit 
The #Brexit ‘Repeal Bill’ is being introduced next week. Watch out for Henry!  
Still can't get over the Article 50 decision. She literally had no plan. 'Brexit means Brexit' was the beginning and the end of her vision. 
I understand why people voted for Brexit – but it will decimate Wales  
Have you heard? Brexit's dead...  
Must Read: Trapped by Brexit & Trump, and delusional about trade, Theresa May will cut a sad figure on G20 stage   
Don’t mention the B word: @UKRI_CEO vision for future of UK science is silent on Brexit  
'@GaryLineker says hard to see single Brexit positive. How about control of borders, laws and money?  
"This is a subtle attempt to deny Brexit through detail and is conning the will of the people," says @TiceRichard 
Ignore the pro-EU propaganda – a clean, swift Brexit is within our reach, says @TiceRichard of @LeaveMnsLeave 
NEWS! BBC accused of being lefty, right-wing, pro-Remain, Brexit propaganda channel  
Deutsche Bank to move trading and investment-banking assets from London to Frankfurt because of Brexit  
The BBC won't report on all the good things about brexit, much in the same way it won't report on the health benefits of cyanide. 
Brexit will ‘undoubtedly’ damage Britain’s influence on world stage, says William Hague  
The UK has Hard Brexit Grand Coalition  
Brexiteers talk as if EU leaders will bend for UK but have electorates too and politically essential for them not to let us gain by #brexit  
Brexit faces potential court challenge over 'technical flaw' in way Article 50 was triggered  
So have some bravery & patriotism Andrew. Come out publicly & say Brexit was a mistake & we need the liberal anchor of the EU after all  
Mega pub bore Jamie Wetherspoon stonkingky ignorant on Brexit realities on R4 Today. All gain, no pain, silly bugger 
Brexit has already wiped out £526 of your annual disposable income. #brexit destroys UK workers hard  work  
Corbyn makes Brexit more likely. Tory Remainers gonna be afraid to break ranks in case govt falls - and Corbs wins socialism in 1 country 
EU chief mocks UK's Brexit ambitions with comparison to limbless Monty Python knight  
Labour are high in the opinion polls, Remainers should aim to vote for pro-EU Lab candidates & against pro-Brexit ones.#Brexit #StopBrexit 
Our debate yesterday. Their clueless Brexit and its impact on Perthshire's berry farms.  
Immigration post Brexit: CBI says drop 10s of 1000s target, "free access" for skilled workers with job offer, sector based schemes.  
As Brexit becomes more toxic, the Tories have two options: (1) wipe-out; (2) policies to appeal to the Remain vote.  
Brexit faltering and Labour 8 points clear in the polls. Happy Friday, folks. #FridayFeeling 
UK head of financial regulation: the UK does not need ‘soft’ Brexit to enjoy free trade with the European Union.  
"trapped by Brexit, apologising for Trump and pursuing a delusional trade strategy, Britain and its weakened PM"   
FOX: Does appear some elements of our media would rather see Britain fail than Brexit succeed.  
I voted Remain but am finding Liberal Democrat evangelical obsessive Remainers even more annoying than Brexiters. Best recruiters for Brexit 
The tide has well and truly turned, the business speaks up. #Brexit makes no sense!  
"Indeed- lies of the Leave campaign are now clear. Its why we are better off in. Their position is untenable. Time to bin Brexit" #fixedit 
2/2 voted "overwhelmingly" for or against in a one question referendum won on 52% of the vote 
Another trade deal secured by EU that with #brexit we'd miss out on- &which wld be hard for Britain alone to match  
#r4today presenters seem genuinely surprised that Japanese investment will now move from the UK to the #EU 27. We did warn them. #Brexit 
"David Cameron wants Brexit Britain to be like Norway. Has he forgotten why he used to hate that idea?" #premium 
Liam Fox says the BBC would ‘rather see Britain fail than succeed in Brexit.’ Is he right?  
Britain at number one for foreign investment following #Brexit vote. (Cue anguished Remainers howling “B-b-but we haven't left yet!”)  
"Know the Score"#Brexit #SingleMarket #AgainAgainAgain 
Many thanks to @CBItweets & other employers for highlighting the danger to jobs & more of Govt approach to Brexit:  
Good morning everyone. Friday's front pages incl no statue for Maggie & any #Brexit failure is all the media's fault  
Brexit 'will damage Britain's influence in the world' says William Hague  
Good economic news = hardcore Remainers say, 'We haven't left yet.'Bad economic news = hardcore Remainers say, 'It's all down to Brexit.' 
No Brexit for me & we all know tomorrow at #durhamminersgala there will be a massive show of support to #StopBrexit get there if you can 
Labour "should be and could be" political force that stops Brexit, says MEP David Martin  
Brexit is crumbling. One major obstacle remains. Our dumbass, self-centered politicians #binBrexit 
Fantasists declare war on the BBC, accusing it of a pro-reality bias. #Brexit  
MEDDLING Corbyn to meet Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier next week jeopardising talks. You Lost!  via @Your Brexit 
When Catalonia holds its referendum and unilaterally declares independence this October, they will be paving the path forward for #Calexit. 
So once again middle aged white folk dominated the Leave debate, the young don't have a Brexit champion to rescue them.  #bbcqt 
A nice thread from Rupert on how Brexit really is a shit idea, even for those who tried to get behind it:  
To be fair, the fact that the US elected Trump and the UK voted to Brexit does put the West's will to survive in question......  
‘Hard or soft Brexit is NONSENSE, we are leaving the EU’  @JReesMoggMP  declares 
I have no doubt Brexit will happen but I despair at the supine weakness of Tory Gov in negotiationsWe hold all the cardswhy not play them? 
It's funny how the aims of a 'good' #brexit are to gain the same rights as EU membership. Just outside of name and contribution. 
All eyes on #Venezuela for #July16 referendum -the people's voice must not be stolen @nikkihaley @POTUS  via @YouTube 
I cannot exaggerate how much I despise lying posh right-wingers like Isabel Oakeshott who think Brexit is just a bit of a lark#skypapers 
WATCH: One year after UK voters chose to leave the EU, do they regret the decision? @MalcolmBrabant gets a range of #Brexit reactions.  
At last, not only Britain sees we are holding all the brexit cards but the EU also does - if the state of their underwear is to be believed! 
I love the way that, even when Corbyn says "fuck the EU, bring on Brexit", his devotees say it's all a cunning plan to stay in the EU.  
Time to get with the curve, the real issue for us all is whether the UK leaves the EU or whether it remains.Brexit impacts on everything.  
Jesus Sam. Opinions like these are how Brexit started. Pull yourself together. 
European Financials hit a 2-yr high, up 62% from post-Brexit lows last July. 10-Yr Bund yields hit an 18-month high.  
Brexit is much more than 'an error', it's potentially the biggest political misjudgement in modern UK history.  
One year after Brexit vote, 6 months after Trump the intelligentsia has made zero progress in understanding why they happened 
The Hokey Cokey is like an anthem for Brexit... Left Leg in left leg out In out in out shake it all about. 
What sort of dreadful country have we become? Has Brexit reallly turned our nation into a country of despicable c**ts? It would seem so. 
*Brexit Explained*  
EU will be in BIG trouble!' Hungarian MP claims Britain will BENEFIT from 'no trade deal'  #brexit #Newsnight 
Brexit is UK political system failure. An Eton boys' game inside the Tory party wreaks havoc on 65m people. While MPs do nothing. NOTHING. 
Country voted 40% against May's hard Brexit but every week #bbcqt has overwhelmingly & aggressively had pro hard Brexit audience. What bias? 
Some people think Brexit views delivered in a cut glass accent ensure intelligence. More akin to a turd delivered on a silver platter #bbcqt 
If Leave voters are so confident the Brexit deal will be a good deal, why are they so against a referendum on the terms of Brexit #BBCQT 
WE'VE GOT REES MOGG, JACOB REES MOGG, I JUST DONT THINK YOU UNDERSTAND, HE LOVES THE UNION FLAG, HARD BREXIT IS HIS PLAN 
A true highlight. "Everyone knew Brexit meant leaving the single market, and I have an obscure quote from Wolfgang Schäuble to prove it."  
Labour picking up votes on the vague idea they won't be as bad on Brexit as the Tories. It's the PPI approach to politics: miss-selling. 
When you're a kid & you're arguing with your parents & it becomes apparent you're right. They know, you know but they can't stop. Brexit. 
Jake Rees-Mogg is doing #Conservatives & #Brexit campaigners proud tonight! #bbcqt @DVATW 
Just think how angry Leavers are going to be when they find Brexit doesn't solve their problems. #Bbcqt 
Jacob Rees Mogg is an absolute legend! The usual fantastic display of common sense on Britain leaving the EU! #Brexit means Brexit #bbcqt  
May I suggest Caroline Lucas and all her chums who cant accept the referendum result apply for political asylum in France or Germany #bbcqt 
Will Brexit mean...? UK business leaders to call for indefinite delay in leaving single market  
Anyone who doesn't realise that #Brexit is national self-harm is either a fanatic or an idiot #bbcqt 
EU chief mocks UK's Brexit ambitions with comparison to limbless Monty Python knight  
Amazes me how so many profess to know what #Brexit meant....When #TheresaMay the 'negotiator' hasn't got the first clue!#BBCQT 
Jacob Rees Mogg is the obvious choice for PMNo other #Tory speaks the truth the way he does#bbcqt#bbctw#UKIP#Brexit 
"Theresa May doesn't have a mandate for the kind of Brexit she's trying to pursue. Give people the final say." - @CarolineLucas on #BBCQT 
No Hard Brexit. No soft Brexit. Only Brexit - leaving EVERY EU institution. #bbcqt. Kinda simple unless you are Caroline Lucas. 
I’m ashamed of Corbyn's Labour’s position on Brexit. Ashamed of it before the referendum, and ashamed of it since. #BBCQT 
Richard Burgon every bit as bad as the Moggs. Brexit apologist without the backbone to say it's all a pile of undeliverable dust. #bbcqt 
I’m yet to see evidence that any of the "Brexit means Brexit" people are particularly bright. #BBCQT 
Sir Vince Cable said he is in favour of a cross-party coalition on Brexit #bbcqt  
Mogg, youve never been hardup in your life and probably dont know food has risen bcos of this brexit shambles you support #bbcqt 
With a soft Brexit at least you do not "stock-take" human beings and use their #citizensrights to get better economical deal. #bbcqt 
For all your waffling Mr Rees-Mogg, you still haven't provided one tangible way in which Brexit will be a benefit to us.Not one.#bbcqt 
Business and trade unions speak with one voice on this. PM is the outlier with her extreme Brexit interpretation.    
The architect of the Vote Leave campaign says it's possible the Brexit vote could turn out to be an "error" #bbcqt  
The UK could slash environmental & safety standards 'a very long way' after #Brexit says Jacob Rees-Mogg #StopBrexit 
Brexit faces potential court challenge over 'technical flaw' in way Article 50 was triggered  
"Given 48% voted Remain why are we getting a "hard" Brexit" #bbcqtNo such thing as "hard Brexit" We voted OUT!!!! #BBCQT 
The next question raises the issue of what type of Brexit the UK public should expect to see #bbcqt 
Close your eyes Brexiters, this is one of those great global trade deals which Britain is going to lose if we #Brexit.#StopBrexit 
More tiresome have  eat . Argue for what you like Paul. But EU side is never going to have that! #BREXIT  
A Brexit that puts jobs & prosperity first. Sound common sense from @CBItweet. Now let's do it  
Brexit is madness, but it is curable and it is reversible.  
Just been told I don't understand democracy by someone who doesn't understand what an advisory referendum is!  
Do you understand the categorisation of hard/soft Brexit, because I don't, @mrjamesob asks the Hungarian Foreign Minister #newsnight 
We need a realistic debate on #Brexit says @cbicarolyn, Director General of the CBI #newsnight 
Jacob Rees-Mogg won't be affected by Brexit or otherwise. He's independently rich. Inhabitants a completely different universe #bbcqt 
A Tory other than Kenneth Clarke finally wakes up to dangers of #Brexit  
Jeremy Corbyn is preparing to become prime minister by meeting the EU's Brexit chief  
Without Brexit, UK wd be able to take advantage of FTA with Japan. Post 2019 UK will have to negotiate its own deal.  
Media predicted Scottish recession that didn't happen but ignored City of London bid for a deal 2 avoid Brexit. Hmm  
Page One news from the UK's parallel #Brexit universe.  
Huge Poll-RETWEET IF VOTE!#EU biggest problem? #brexit #eu @TimmermansEU @LiveEUDebate #followback #yourvoice 
The longer Brexit goes on, the more Jumanji seems like a documentary. #StopBrexit 
"Can Theresa May deliver on Brexit because she has never delivered on a promise in her life as far as I can see!" #bbcqt #marr #pmq 
City of London gangs up on Theresa May the penny is finally starting to drop. There is no "soft" Brexit option.  
With 20 months to go, the panic is setting in, as the EU hardens it's position the lies of the Brexiteers are exposed. There is no #Brexit. 
Red Brexit Blue Brexit No Brexit Screw Brexit#StopBrexit 
Brexiteers on cloud cuckoo land. Demanding control of media like this to report positively on Barmy brexit akin to Franco's Regime 
As Tory poll rating drops, suspect Leave support will also fall, so emboldening Labour Remainers. Brexiteers must fear more May kills Brexit 
It's really not the job of the BBC to make an endeavour as transparently deceitful as Brexit look like it's respectable. 
Glad @PrincipalUWS is lambasting the poorly-considered impact on international students & staff of Brexit & migration policy #heraldheds 
TELEGRAPH: Business threat to derail Brexit #tomorrowspaperstoday 
North Sea Cod stocks have revived in time for Brexit - @CRHClover@CRHClover 
LV: It is my view that our abortion laws are too restrictive. Next year will give people a chance by referendum to change the law. #rtept 
It's Brexit Fairy Land! 20 months "plenty of time" to prepare for WTO optionFalling off cliff offers certainty"indefinitely" is a lie 1/  
The best letter on #Brexit. No the best letter EVER, published by @FT (by Cambridge prof Nicholas Boyle. 
"The day Brexit died" 
How can we trust the BBC when a Radio 4 editor tweets like this about the EU referendum result?  
LIAM FOX: “The BBC would rather see Britain fail than live in a glory-filled Brexit utopia forged entirely from hubris that doesn’t exist.” 
Brexit: Brussels terrified UK will storm out of talks over EU’s demands  
‘Why doesn’t Britain get it?’ asks Barnier after spelling out some Brexit truths  @dontbrexitfixit 
When Brexit is finally cancelled about 200 of us on Twitter can take all the credit! #IveNeverBeenANationalHeroBefore 
Cons are saying that they're depending on #Labour voting for everything..That's how they'll get #Brexit through.  They're confident.  
APGA not at war with IPOB - Terrified APGA denounces publicity over attack on IPOB/KanuGive us date for #Referendum 
No, he won. You lost. See, there was this referendum... 
I don't think I'd quite understood till recently the degree to which Brexit has unhinged so many on the losing side of the argument 
Jeremy, that's called membership in the EU...#LabourBrexit-you'll need  Ouija board to understand...#Brexit  
Agreed, otherwise we couldn't have had a second referendum after the first one in 1975. But let's wait another 41 years.  
'Running scared'! Brussels terrified UK will storm out of Brexit talks over EU’s demands  
Just as no parliament can bind its successors, no generation can either. The claim that the 2016 referendum is irreversible is nonsense 
Maybe you could apologise to @acgrayling & help stop Brexit before things get much worse for the UK? Your support could make a difference  
#Brexit consequences are "direct result of choices made by UK" @MichelBarnier​ "Brits can't leave single market & keep its benefits". 
The Brexit vote was a reminder that the nation state still matters  
The BBC are so arrogant, they won't even admit their bias over Brexit coverage! Pod Two #FreeSpeech 
Britain’s miserly post-Brexit offer to EU nationals shows a disdain for rights  | Colin Yeo  
Breaking BBC news – Brexit gives you cancer…and nuclear fallout   via @TheConWom 
Theresa May has been accused of inflexibility in Brexit negotiations.  
Jeremy Corbyn is meeting the EU's chief negotiator on Brexit next week. World leaders see Corbyn as Prime Minister  
There are huge questions about funding Brexit vote, involving the DUP and others. A public inquiry is needed. A sinister campaign of lies ! 
Donald Trump is Welcome in Great Britain Share If you Agree 
Jeremy Corbyn says he's prepared for another snap general election  
5. Clarity - jargon-free explanation of what Brexit means6. Zero disinformation - just straightforward facts7. Recognition of the 48% 
Trying to explain Brexit to Brexiters  
Brexit isn't going well at all is it  
OK, chaps, you've had your fun, now call off Brexit, say big businesses, finally.  
Oh come off it Keir - surely you realise by now that "brexit" is simply a crackpot's dream ? 
EU agencies are moving out of the UK because of Brexit.They are taking jobs with them.There's no such thing as a jobs-first Brexit.  
Small reminder: ‘exact same benefits’ were also the words used in your leader’s Amd to #QueensSpeech. Sorry Chuka! #Brexit  
When Jeremy Corbyn stops enabling the Tories on Hard Brexit come back to me to me about creating misery for millions.  
I'm calling for a "total & complete shutdown" of Brexit "until our country's representatives can figure out what the hell is going on". 
John Major: "...if they decide to leave on the basis of inaccurate information... then I regard that to be deceitful"#Brexit #StopBrexit 
The Tories are making a habit of U-turns – Brexit will be next   
At last UK business is starting to speak up about the horrendous implications of the government's current #Brexit "plan". More please.  
Keir, If Brexit was a person it would be served with an ASBO.  Let's kill Brexit.    
But there is massive resistance to Brexit in Labour ranks too. A day of reckoning is not too far off.  
Billionaire who claimed "Brexit would make us richer" creates hundreds of jobs – in Asia  via @LondonEconomic 
For a year now, my Brexit emotions have been running on a constant cycle of disbelief, consternation, anger, fury, despair and schadenfreude 
Brexit: UK may not actually exit the EU, warn political sources  
Honest, straight talking, good meeting with @DavidDavisMP on BREXIT - focus on NI border issues and broader trade  
Brexit has consequences for EU-UK relations. Same applies if Turkey adopts a constitution which is contrary to Copenhagen criteria.  
So soft Brexit died today, we're either fully in our completely out, there is no Brexit deal. That's leaves #remain, you don't say! 
Its amazing that just about EVERYONES saying how bad brexit is and yet MAY and Co ploughing blindly on.Insane. 
By all account there's MASSIVE resistance to Brexit in Tory ranks. But because Corbyn votes with May,  there's no way for them to show it. 
Full membership of EU is what we want. Not some crap deal that doesn't even come close. Scrap brexit & let's get on with FOM living! 
Iraq's Kurdish leader Masoud Barzani expects 'Yes' vote for upcoming independence referendum  
Another #Brexit lie debunked. Immigration actually cuts #NHS outpatient waiting times #Remain #StopBrexit 
"I've worked on Brexit for a yr in govt & the media is only beg to scratch the surface for us all in our daily lives" says @jameschappers 
Here we go. Again.@BBC is airing its weekly anti-Brexit, pro-EU propaganda with a 4/5th's Remoaners panel.Fully impartial as ever..#BBCQT 
Brexiteers never in a million years going to let remainers reverse Brexit.the UK is leaving.Feel free to move to the EU before we Brexit  
Think it still hasn't quite landed in the UK that Merkel isn't bluffing when she says Brexit is not a priority for the EU right now 
"In Brexit, transparency is a tool – and Europe is using it"By @Oliver_ilott, @instituteforgov 
.Brexit Is ....... 
*Brexit Explained*  
Not so dim that she couldn't take apart the best the Remainers had to offer in the referendum TV debates. Sexist drivel.  
It is pretty obvious that the @BBC and a lot of Remainers would rather Britain fail than #Brexit succeed. 
CBI come out fighting on Brexit criticising "multiple cliff edges" proposing "fast" transition agreement in Single Market & Customs Union  
Spend any length of time in Germany and you'll notice that Brexit barely scratches the TV or newspaper agenda for weeks at a time. 
Any (informed and sensible) views on  if/how/why the EU is winning the transparency and information war on Brexit?  For a post. 
Here's the Daily Mail Online having to correct its lie that the #NHS was at breaking point because of EU immigration #StopBrexit #Brexit  
Every day I will fight youI despise you More than you could know.I will fight you til you are endedtil Brexit is no more#StopBrexit 
Arron Banks who spent a non-elite £7.5m trying to buy #Brexit said "If it were up to me I'd privatise the NHS"#StopBrexit #Remain 
I'm pretty confident the UK's chief Brexit negotiator only 'appears' to be pissed most of the time.  
CBI says Brexit uncertainty is damaging UK economy  
Of all the Brexit bullshit, this gets my goat the most: that the EU will (or, indeed, should) treat the UK post-Brexit as a good friend. 
Do you already have plans for what you are going to do when the cancellation of #Brexit is announced? Scream, kiss your neighbour/dog/cat...  
British strawberries could cost 50% more because of Brexit, MPs told  
Fox says BBC wants Britain to fail rather than Brexit succeed. May appoints from shortlist of two top BBC politicos! DOES SHE HATE BRITAIN 
TMay called GE17 to "crush the Brexit saboteurs" and lost her majority. So it could be said that the saboteurs won  
Govt needs to reset its approach. We need early commitment to transitional Brexit arrangements on similar terms to those we curently enjoy.  
Remain scaremongering? Here's the real project fear, whipped up by the #Brexit billionaire press barons, half of them foreign.#StopBrexit 
David Cameron is 'backing a Norway-style Brexit deal' that would keep the UK inside the EU’s single market  
News reaches Wimbledon that #Brexit has been cancelled. Or possibly that Roger Federer has arrived on Centre Court. Wait - maybe the latter.  
Two weeks into #Brexit negotiations and really feels wheels are coming off UK 'position' (whatever it is). Silence from Brexiters deafening  
.@Keir_Starmer on @CBItweets boss Carolyn Fairbairn’s speech on #Brexit  
Trade Secretary, Liam Fox, has suggested that the BBC "would rather see Britain fail than Brexit succeed".  
Excellent piece. Let the tories deal with Brexit, see it fail, and watch them implode. No Brexit, Labour Govt. Yay.   
BBC: Liam Fox tears into Beeb for describing good economic news as happening "despite Brexit". 
But, that's not Brexit.  
UK business leaders to call for indefinite delay in leaving single market: #Brexit 
'If we leave we will be able to trade with the rest of the world' - all brexiteers #EU #Brexit #JapanEU #EUJapan 
Labour back CBI position on Brexit transition  
Breaking: CBI today announce they want the Brexit transition to mean full membership of single market and customs union  
With May and Corbyn hand in hand on Brexit, Remain backbenchers prepare to go it alone.  
Suck it up, Kippers This is why Brexit might not actually happen  
Personally I'll campaign for a law that would enable the criminal prosecution of the #Brexit liars and hate-campaigners. 
Let’s face it: we’re botching Brexit  A lot of centre right commentators coming out and saying this (Blatantly true) 
Oops ...One of the biggest banks in the world is said to be leaving London because of Brexit  
Every day in every way Brexit becomes more exposed as the suicidal folly it is. Every day in every way hollow promises become dust.#debacle 
Brexit 'will damage Britain's influence in the world' says William Hague  
The low point will be when it starts to affect Xylophone & Yurt manufacturers. Brexit really doesn't have a single sodding benefit does it?  
And still the pundits didn't want to accept the referendum result. But it's going to happen anyway  
Liam Fox and his British-made tie: wrapping Brexit up in knots | John Crace  
I don't think Brexit could ever have been a success. But I think appointing David Davis as Brexit minister may have been the fatal decision. 
"I would like to see a date for a referendum on Irish Unity."- Barry McElduff MP #UnityRef 
What!? We were told that there was no downside that Brexit. Is that a lie?  
Brexit is in such trouble I'm now worried, for Europe's sake, that it won't happen.Join the EEA/EFTA & stay out of our neighbours' affairs 
Brexit means Brex...oh, wait.  
Why on earth would a Labour leader want to be associated with a #Brexit built on a fear of outsiders whipped up by the right wing press?  
First sign backbench MPs on both sides may be mobilising against hard Brexit | London Evening Standard  
New report says financial services could add £43bn to the economy by 2025. Proof City will stay strong post-Brexit  
Have offered to @PeteNorth303 to discuss Brexit outside the circle he describes.  The more dialogue on Brexit the better.  
I viewed Liam Fox's performance in the #Brexit debate in the HOC. "Physician heal thyself". He is utterly delusional and needs help..  
If Liam Fox believes wearing a British tie will save our post Brexit economy he needs his head examined, if a proctologist can find it. 
Jeremy Corbyn to meet EU chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier for discussions in case of snap election -  
Let's compare the EU and the UK's proposed frameworks for protecting the rights of non-UK EU citizens post-Brexit >>  
The FT's Brexit letter of the week:  
Ministers like Fox and Leadsom blaming the media is a sure sign Brexit's already in trouble.  
So, I'll be speaking to @jongaunt @talk2meradiouk about BBC institutional Brexit bias at 4.55pm! Expect a lively debate  
A senior Tory had a Trump-style tantrum about the media. The internet responded [TWEETS]  #Brexit 
I wonder if I would rather see Brexit fail or Liam Fox succeed?  
So the chattering classes have engineered their own self-referential circle jerk, sealed off from other opinions.#Brexit  
It lasted years because those scammed never went back to complain and were too embarrased to admit it. That's Brexit in a nutshell. 
News for brexiteers: Brexit isn't going to happen. It's wrong, immoral, ludicrous & eventually someone will see the sense of remaining in EU 
BBC would rather see Britain fail than #Brexit succeed, says trade secretary @LiamFox.  
This would be worst possible outcome for Scotland's top economic sector, shows why @scotgov needs to be involved in #brexit negotiations 
WATCH: Dr. @LiamFox criticises #BBC for negative #Brexit reporting  
Those in a bubble of negativity regarding Brexit, @GaryLineker, are bound to find it 'hard see a single positive'. Follow me to see some. 
Cracks are appearing. Keep hammering - the Brexit dam of ignorance and stubbornness will burst. 
If EEA migrants lose their right to live and work in the UK, England's social care sector will suffer. #Brexit 
I know in my heart that Brexit can be stopped  
'Preposterous!' Sadiq Khan told 'stop looking backwards' after REFUSING to remove EU flag  WE ARE NO LONGER IN THE EU 
A stupid comment made by an intensely desperate man.The reason we're committed to stopping Brexit is to STOP Britain from failing.  
Jeremy Corbyn is preparing to become prime minister by meeting the EU's Brexit chief  
household earnings figures are grim - dropping for everyone, the exception being those with foreign investments. brexit benefiting the rich 
The BBC would rather see Britain fail than see #Brexit succeed, suggests Liam Fox  
Let's see how #Brexit is going today...  
The EU just demolished key aim of Tory Brexit strategy  
BBC bosses insist the BBC is not anti Brexit. I say it is and will discuss with @jongaunt @talk2meradiouk around 4.55pm. Do tune in! 
We really won't. I have yet to meet one Leave voter who regrets their vote for Brexit. Not ONE.  
Thread: the benefits of Brexit  
Things are so grim, the country might conceivably rethink Brexit  
Lohan, who lives in the UK now, was against Brexit and is now defending President Trump  
Repeat: Brexit involves hard choices. For a year, Govt has taken British people for fools, telling us we can have all we want. We can't.  
Actually what's embarrassing is folk who think little Britain is really going to dictate the terms of Brexit against 27 other EU countries.  
Is Brexit an error? Now even Vote Leave’s chief is having doubts  
I get why Labour are being vague on Brexit but MY GOD they need to stop inventing these fabulous options which will obviously never happen 
Allowing the referendum was the mistake. Not requiring a super majority was a mistake. You need to stop this car crash. #StopBrexit 
David Davis, isn't it about time you came clean about negative impacts of Brexit? People must be sick & tired of being taken for mugs  
With the EU clocking up another free trade deal (Japan):What's smarter?1) Stay in the EU with its 50+ deals2) Brexit to 0 and start anew? 
"EU and Japan reach free trade deal"Brexit has taken cheaper Japanese games and limited edition consoles from me today. I will not forget. 
Believe #Brexit must be stopped? Then use our banner & promote the #StopBrexit #NationalMarchManchester 1/10/2017Follow us for updates 
brexit makes one of Baldrick's cunning plans, actually look like a cunning plan 
Irresponsible rhetoric from a Cabinet member Liam Fox: BBC would rather see Britain fail than Brexit succeed  
So... about that Brexit narrative of we have to be outside the EU to have global trade deals. Doh! 
by me, for @CapX: for the first time since the referendum, it feels like Brexit isn't inevitable  
Shock horror! MP Jacob Rees-Mogg who says what he believes 
London's clearing business will be safe after Brexit, Barclays' chairman tells @Bloomberg 
Barnier attacks UK's panglossian attitude, says we have yet to "face the facts" on the negative effects of Brexit 
Today Mr Barnier said British politicians had not 'fully understood' the implications of Brexit 
With #Video #Catalonia to Declare Independence If 'Si' Vote Wins Referendum | News | teleSUR English  
Brexit: EU chief negotiator demolishes key aim of Tory strategy by ruling out 'frictionless trade' with Europe  
The Forward March of Brexit Halted?  
Tory & Lab are both behind the curve.They need to stop talking about what flavour of Brexit, & instead if it should be going ahead at all.  
.@Kurdistan Pres. @masoud_barzani to @Reuters: Whatever the people of Kirkuk decide in referendum should be respected #KurdistanReferendum 
Trudeau, like so many other international politicians & business leaders, is right: Brexit makes UK insular & weaker 
Speaking in the seasonal agri worker scheme debate at 3 in W'ster Hall. Their clueless Brexit could see our berry harvest wither on the vine 
A no brainer - Labour should tell the people the truth and dump Brexit  
Why not just dump Brexit? As each day passes it becomes more obvious that we are comiting social and economic suicide. Tell the people FFS!!  
We predicted Brexit would be damaging; therefore the damage is due to us. The heresy-hunting tone of the govt is like Luciana Berger's CLP.  
The EU's Chief Brexit Negotiator says UK's idea of "Frictionless Trade" won't work - here is why that is important:  
Liam Fox: BBC would rather see Britain fail than Brexit succeed  
You have this the wrong way round, Dr. Fox. We would rather see Brexit fail so Britain can succeed.  
Brexit is stagnant, nothing lives in it, it's got no imagination, it's got no vitality. It's the negative of  everything. 
BBC Today programme accused of Brexit bias  
#EU chief mocks UK's #Brexit ambitions with comparison to limbless Monty Python knight  
Brexit fanatic Liam Fox presided over a 9% drop last year in new jobs created by foreign investment. So much for Brexit utopia. 
NEWS! Brexit saves UK from catastrophically lucrative EU free-trade deal with Japan  
.@Stuart_McDonald has responded to the recent comments in the press from @joswinson. #ScotRef #Brexit  
#Brexit will make Britain far more dependent on the whims of international capitalists, It's why the Tories want it & Corbyn should fight it 
Quite obvious that UK never really thought this #Brexit malarky thru'.  Still haven't. Still thinking the Empire will save them. 
Not so long ago people were outraged by 'spin'. Now it's just a torrent of unpunished right wing lies.#Brexit #StopBrexit #Remain 
In the #EU Britain benefits from the best trade agreements. Why throw all that away with #Brexit? Please share:  
Why do you conflate Lab position with cliff edge, no ECJ,  separate trade deal strategy of Tories? That's Hard Brexit  
Liam Fox says the BBC only does negative Brexit coverage - perhaps the BBC should have put these pieces on the side of a bus?  
Brexit 'will damage Britain's influence in the world' says William Hague  
Barnier's latest Brexit speech spells out some hard truths for both the UK government and the Labour party  
BREXIT: UK plunging into worst decade of economic productivity in 200 years "all part of the negotiation plan" brags confident government. 
Great to speak to representatives from Trade Unions in the creative arts industry. Any Brexit deal must protect our creative industries.  
Liam Fox: Brexit opens up the vast opportunities of free trade  
Brexit voting MEP @SyedKamall welcomes EU-Japan trade deal that UK will see no benefit from b/c plans to leave customs union. 
@joswinson is the deputy leader of a party calling for a choice on Brexit for the UK but which denies the choice for Scotland. Democrat?  
Supporting the UK's #creative industries @EquityUK, concerned about the impact of #Brexit on their members  
Richard Branson says Brexit is "terrible" and labels some of Trump's policies as "dangerous"  
Listen up, London: Brexit is going to hurt  
I think the Daily Telegraph would rather destroy the country than admit any responsibility for Booby Johnson and Brexit.  
The damage to the UK done during your pal Blair's time in office doesn't bear thinking about. P.s. Brexit hasn't happened yet.  
Brexit 'will damage Britain's influence in the world' says William Hague  
Damaging indeed but also completely unsurprising. Both Labour & Tories are in la la land with their Brexit policies.  
Meanwhile in Corbyn's Brexit La La Land ... Not heard a single word of what Barnier said today. As delusional an approach as that of Tories.  
Corbyn is speaking his usual Stallin crap. Keep him away from Brexit. We did not vote for him, do not trust him, don´t want him. 
Poking his nose in! Meddling Corbyn to meet Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier next week . Keep the traitor away.  
Liam Fox Complains BBC would like to see brexit fail. BBC like all RW media focus on brexit and ignore the real abuses of TORY AUSTERITY. 
Brexit as self-satire or surrealist performance art. I am starting to worry that it's all being done by some Cambridge drama students  
EU and Japan hail a trade deal that would eliminate 99% of tariffs between them  
Tide turning on all fronts on Barmy Brexit as EU signs Free trade deal that boosts European exports to  Japan, especially Agriculture. 
The EU's chief Brexit negotiator warns it's 'not possible' for Britain to have 'frictionless trade' after it leaves  
In short, our farmers will miss out because of #brexit & our car exports to EU will have competition from Japan  
So Lord Chief Justice says Brexit will not damage the UK as the global legal centre. Will I read that in the FT or hear/see it on the BBC?.. 
Indeed. Any expert on the EU would tell you that the UK could never get a bespoke Brexit deal to suit its interests.And still here we are.  
Brexit 'will damage Britain's influence in the world' says William Hague  
This what makes the Brexit negotiation unprecedented. Rules of normal negotiations don't apply  
'My constituents increased my majority because of me/Brexit' - you were saying on doorstep you would lose seat before June 8th! 
Brexit - in a single, topical gif.  
Brexit is like watching a tsunami roll towards you while politicians fight over who's got the best poolside chairs. 
If PM's forced into softer Brexit than we voted for the dissenters in her ranks will be nothing compared with the civil unrest by the people 
Was out for lunch. Has #Brexit been cancelled yet? 
The UK is failing because of Brexit. Fox is too ideological to see it   
.@BarryMcElduff MP speaking to RT News yesterday calling for a date for a referendum on Irish Unity@IrishUnity @An_Phoblacht 
'Frictionless' trade with EU will be impossible if UK leaves single market, says EU Brexit chief - Politics live  
In his office, Liam Fox crosses out "innovative jam" under "BREXIT TRADE STRATEGY". He writes "ties".The page remains, otherwise, blank.  
EU’s Brexit negotiator @MichelBarnier: I am not sure that the EU’s Brexit red lines have been “fully understood across the Channel.”  
Dr Liam Fox​ hits out at @BBC​ by saying "elements of our media would rather see Britain fail than #Brexit succeed" in @HouseofCommons​. 
Justin Trudeau was right about Brexit - and he's right about how to end austerity too. Britain, take note  
Pawel Kuczynski getting his clever satirical art into British politics 'Brexit' .  No comment. Back after lunch.Hx  
Don't worry, Brexit Britain. I'm sure Guam or something would love to do a trade deal with you. It's only Japan.  
Foreign investment to UK creates fewer jobs as Brexit looms  
Just checked, my M&S tie was made in China, but yeah, wearing ties, amazing. Stand down, Brexit is in safe hands everyone. 
Liam Fox attacks the BBC for preferring to see ‘Britain fail than Brexit succeed’  
Yesterday, 49 MPs and Peers signed our letter asking for creative workforce representation in Brexit negotiations.  
We should have learned after Iraq –  Brexit shows we are still willing to blindly follow politicians into disaster  
The economy is heading for a crash in consumer spending, meanwhile the government and Labour plan to waste billions on #Brexit.#StopBrexit 
Barnier's speech sinks Labour Party's "soft" Brexit as effectively as it holes TM below waterline. Both suffer from UK "greatness" delusion. 
As polls show voters remorse re Brexit & eco costs become more real, not obvious why more voices in UK are not calling to revisit decision 
WATCH: @LiamFox: I can't recall a s㏌gle time ㏌ recent times when I have seen good economic news the BBC didn't describe as 'despite Breⅺt'!  
Britain's political situation "could change quite quickly," Jeremy Corbyn tells Bloomberg  
Here is Paul Mason admitting that the current labour leadership's "constructive ambiguity" on #brexit won't wash. He sounds a bit panicky.  
The truth hurts.Hardball reality from Michel Barnier, Chief EU negotiator on Brexit.  
Liam Fox: MPs should wear ties to promote English tie-makers post-Brexit  
Feels like a co-ordinated push on Brexit today from sceptics. Barnier. Hague. More coming later. Do Brexiteers think they are facing a coup? 
Admiral West ask questions in House of Lords on post-Brexit UK fishing rights enforcement 
Libdems opposed: Brexit. Single Market. IP bill. Psychoactive substances bill. Welfare bill (cuts). Labour abstained on ALL the above.  
I'm meeting the EU's chief Brexit negotiator next Thursday, Jeremy Corbyn tells Bloomberg  
Rufian: "The Spanish state needs only 24 hrs to paralize #Catalan #referendum law ... But 80 years to dig 120.000 people out of ditches"  
At last g20, I was told that Korean President particularly exercised by Brexit impact on v successful EU-Korea deal, helped boost UK exports 
You can whinge all you like, take the side of the EU 'negotiator' all you like, but the UK is for #Brexit.Strap in & sit comfortably. 
Editorial @EveningStandard: task facing new Kensington leader + more Brexit claims unravel with EU/Japan trade deal  
'Frictionless' trade with EU will be impossible if UK leaves single market, says EU Brexit chief - Politics live | 
Brexit letter of the day:  
Big breakthrough - #EU signs a trade deal with world's 3rd largest economy. That must be painful for UK PLC.... #Brexit  
EU-Japan trade deal signed - big deal for Brexit Britain - how, why, when, does UK keep deal with world #3 economy  
You know something's gone wrong when even the Daily Express are telling you some of the effects of Brexit  
Labour will own the impending extreme Brexit shambles equally with the Tories. Complete cowardice so far this parliament 
The BBC always describes good economic news as 'Despite Brexit' says @LiamFox 
Looks like the SNP have been getting on with the day job whilst you lot took your eye off the ball, distracted by unnecessary GE & Brexit. 
"I am beginning to hear talk in some quarters that #Brexit may not actually happen" reports @nicholaswatt#newsnight 
The @MichelBarnier speech today is worth reading for those interested in #Brexit, especially in the UK  
Seriously tho can Tony Blair just pretend he wholeheartedly supports Labour's Brexit policy, thereby forcing Corbyn to change it entirely 
Brexit might damage the whole EU finance system as well as the UK's  
Int Trade Sec Liam Fox tells MPs: "Some elements of our media would rather see Britain fail than Brexit succeed."  
Live footage as @MichelBarnier greets @DavidDavisMP for the next round of Brexit talks.  
'Not possible': The EU just demolished key aim of Tory Brexit strategy  
Let's kill the childish lie that Labour supports the Tories on #Brexit  #bbcdp 
The collapse in UK car registrations in the most recent quarter suggests something is very wrong in #Brexit Britain.#StopBrexit #Remain 
Which are you in #Brexit debate? HT @BBCDanielS 
Indeed. The Mail/Sun/Star/Telegraph/Express to name but a few media outlets are vehemently anti Brexit.   
EU Chief negotiator: "in classical negotiation 'no deal' would mean status quo. In Brexit 'no deal' means return to a distant past."   
Wow - political correspondent from The Telegraph saying this.  If the media turns against Brexit then we might be in with a chance.  
Whereas Brexiters like (disgraced former ex-minister Dr) Liam Fox would rather Britain collapse than admit #Brexit is an idiotic idea...  
BBC would rather see Britain fail than Brexit succeed, suggests Liam Fox  
A little early to be drinking, even if you're one of the few economists who supported Brexit, @andrew_lilico. 
Brexit is happening. Tick tock. Until someone, a leader, takes action. That won't be Mr Corbyn, btw.  
Fox would rather see Britain fail than admit brexit might not be a good idea. 
Liam Fox just did a 'Leadsom' and accused the media of wanting Brexit to fail  via @HuffPostUKPol 
brexit feels like slowly tumbling down an up escalator for years 
Labour's flavour of have-your-cake-and-eat-it Brexit has also fallen flat.  
Brexit increasingly resembles a village fete lucky dip in which the sawdust has been replaced with cow slurry. And there are no prizes.  
BREXIT Gross Negligence Not democracyGreat analogy with Hippocratic Oath to patients May Gov't & MPs neglected HoC Duty to electorate & UK  
The EU's chief negotiator just made an ominous warning about Brexit  
These two quotes typify mood with Brexit negotiations & science. UK & EU scientists upset, but determined to maintain our community.   
a folower hav unerthed mi trenchant thorts on FOREN POLISEY #brexit  
.@LiamFox is entirely wrong: it's the duty and responsibility of free media to question Brexit. I'd argue they haven't yet scratched surface 
Labour Party the Mass immigration party 
LIBDEMS Would rather put a penny on income tax Then cut the Foreign Aid budget You can see who's best interests they have at heart 
The true "saboteurs" of Brexit are those who cheered on May's witless approach.Only themselves to blame for the current mess. 
'Frictionless trade' with EU 'not possible' post-Brexit  
Full text of important @MichelBarnier speech on Brexit: Little new, importance is in its emphasis and clarity. 
And some of our politicians would rather see Britain fail than Brexit abandoned.  
I think some elements of the cabinet would rather see Liam Fox fail that Brexit proceed  
Some in politics would rather see Brexit delivered even if it meant Britain failed.  
It's a measure of how unrealistic British expectations of Brexit are that any of this is remotely newsworthy.  
Important on Brexit - see tweets by @dngbbc now. 
"Some elements of our media would rather see the UK fail than Brexit succeed" - Liam Fox in the Commons 
Barnier statements on Brexit all confirmation of known EU position, except for comment on 100% of farm produce requiring checks. 
Brexit is the biggest example of the broken window fallacy I have ever encountered. Huge amounts of work needed simply to repair the damage.  
Must Read: Reality check from EU chief negotiator @MichelBarnier about Brexit road ahead. Huge wake up call for everybody in UK and EU.   
for 1st time since the ref, it feels like Brexit is not inevitable. This is because 1) it's a terrible idea 2) Brexiters have blown it 
Last night @nicholaswatt latest to report fear of left Labour govt forcing elite rethink on Brexit 1/ 
Every day, Brexit slips further away from them. Just a few weeks ago, they'd scoff when you said it could be stopped. They don't anymore. 
'We're finally taking back our waters!' Fisherman heralds Brexit as chance to 'rebuild'  
EU chief neg @MichelBarnier says "there is no punishment" of UK, "we want a deal" but makes clear he sees consequences for UK from #Brexit 
Great piece by @jonworth on debunking Brexit nonsense. God, it's tiring.  
EU chief neg @MichelBarnier "in classical negotiation 'no deal' would mean stauts quo. In Brexit 'no deal' means return to a distant past." 
"amount of energy necessary to refute Brexit bullshit is order of magnitude bigger than to produce it"By @jonworth  
You're not alone as all my British citizen family in France and Portugal denied vote in EU Referendum under UK bizarre franchise.  
This is as damaging for @Keir_Starmer and Labour's official #Brexit vision as for @DavidDavisMP and the government 
#Brexit bullshit asymmetry post  feat. @ProfKAArmstrong @usherwood @VGravey @stevepeers @iandunt @JenniferMerode 
Britain’s miserly post-Brexit offer to EU nationals shows a disdain for rights | Colin Yeo  
And should Nnamdikanu insist that there'll be no elections in BiafraLand without a referendum date, no politician can undo that. 
Brexit minister Steve Baker warns against diluting May's Brexit plans | Cameron "calling MPs" with plea to back EEA  
I deeply deplore that Rayo government did not offer a viable alternative to a Catalan referendum Passivity & threats are not helping at all.  
Reminder: Prejudice against immigrants from the EU was a “major” deciding factor in the #Brexit vote #StopBrexit 
It's absolutely right to sell benefits of Brexit positively as @SteveBakerHW suggests 
Suspect the Brexit agreement signing ceremony will not be like this one.  
About time people realised we shouldn't drive the country off a cliff because of a narrow result in an advisory referendum based on lies  
.@MichelBarnier No punishment for UK but #Brexit has a cost also for business and my job and duty is to limit those costs #EESCPlenary 
Brexit will prove Britain’s judges are the best in the world, says new Justice Secretary  
Deutsche Bank plans to relocate much of the business it reports in London to Frankfurt  
Full house at EESC for debate with Michel Barnier about Brexit; UK members' unanimous view is that Brexit is a nonsense. 
This from @andrew_lilico is perhaps most succinct and damning condemnation of current UK government approach to Brexit I've seen..  
'@Nigel_Farage: It looks like the BBC themselves don't want Brexit to actually happen.  
"Beliefs rather than facts."Blair then, Brexit now.  
Brexit may not be legally binding  
Igbo for referendum, not restructuring —MASSOB - Vanguard News  
*The world has been laughing at the Brexit result & the ridiculous attempt at 'negotiation'.The joke is on all of us. 
There has to be a second referendum. There's no way they can simply ignore the result of the first. The last battle must be fought and won.  
Genuine q for Brexit advocates: what would UK be able to achieve in a Japan trade deal that the EU couldn't, and why? Oh, and by when?  
#Brexit tweeting in a nutshell. Hannan tweets rubbish. @davidallengreen politely points out error. @jonhenley RTs. Hannan deletes his tweet. 
Feel free to use Twitter to explain how Brexit can happen and hugely benefit the UK. We're all ears (eyes). You could thread under this post 
14 years after Iraq, we have a govt ( & Lab front bench) again not being straight with us. Now about consequences & realities of Brexit.  
And when the Tories do find a way to cancel Brexit, where does that leave Labour? Painted itself into a corner it seems. 
Interesting final comment, if #Brexit does happen it will be because of Labour...  
The ECJ will be a major stumbling block in #Brexit talks. Here are 5 reasons why:  @JamesBlitz #Brexitmaze 
Letter of the decade on Brexit, only in @FT 
999 issues out of 1000, Westminster ignores the people. But on one moronic referendum, the result cannot be reappraised, ever, apparently 
As UK heads for Brexit, EU strikes free trade deal with Japan (Hold on, twas supposed to be other way round)  via @FT 
Let's be big enough as a nation to accept that we have made a mistake with #Brexit and now we are going to call the whole thing off. 
If Brexit doesn't happen does Britain make a Brentrance? I don't know the brules and bregulations. Bretter safe than sorry. 
Brexit will fundamentally affect whether we can put an end to austerity, and is a bigger issue than any person or party.  
Theresa May is under growing pressure to end austerity. Here's a simple guide explaining why  
Brexit: Vote Leave chief who created £350m NHS claim on bus admits leaving EU could be 'an error'  
What a letter in @FT! via @SebastianEPayne #Brexit  
Going into Thursday imagining the Farage tantrum when inevitably the wheels finally fall off his Brexit clown car& feeling very good indeed  
We can only dream of a party of experienced, able politicians who'd abhor the right wing demagoguery of Brexit and take ethical positions. 
If you believe Brexit is a mistake, you have a democratic duty to oppose it  
Seems to me May is being left to impale herself on Brexit after which one of her rivals will explain it's cancelled and normality restored. 
Govt's refusal 2 arrest Arewa youths 1 month after their infamous quit notice 2 Igbos abets our call 4 a referendum in NGR.#Biafra50YearsOn 
BBC BREXIT BIAS: Furious MPs haul head of news for meeting over 'impartiality'   
Theresa May's hardline friends are unlikely to soften Brexit  
Third sign in three days Brexit is hurting the economy  
Well of course there is a #Brexit plan Bladder! The Lord Melchet plan!  
The full weight of the European Court of Justice in #brexit negotiations finally understood. After 9 months.  #ECJ 
Spanish ex-PMs responsible 4 destroying Catalan Statute, Iraqi War and GAL State terrorism attack Catalan Referendum  
With all the terrible economic news starting to bite directly due to Brexit. If you had to bet your house, which would you bet on happening? 
. @KenLoachSixteen : "Brexit will be troublesome for British filmmakers" - #Brexit #Film 
I'm hoping for the Lord Lucan Brexit. Everybody has heard of it but no-one knows what happened to it.  
"I am beginning to hear talk in some quarters that Brexit may not actually happen" ~ Nicholas Watt #Newsnight 
City of #London calls for ‘digital skills visa’  #fintech #insurtech @MAmdorsky @helenwarrell #brexit  
Financial services industry shake up can help unlock £43bn post-Brexit: @TheCityUK and @PwC_UK  via @CityAM 
The cracks are appearing, the dodgy builder boys of brexit have scarpered. We're left with a useless receipt and a broken country. #Brexit 
Ireland’s interests lie in strengthened EU after Brexit  
Is Brexit an error? Now even Vote Leave’s chief is having doubts | Jonathan Freedland  
Keep calm and carry on? A new poll shows Britons having second thoughts about Brexit, while deep divisions remain.  
As usual, @ukcolumn and @21WIRE way ahead of the curve.#Brexit  
So what explains all the other price hikes before brexit happened? More anti brexit baloney tsk tsk 4% Brexit Fare Hike 
Here's a radical idea for #Newsnight - we should leave the EU because that is what people voted for in the referendum & the election. 
Rail commuters 'to be slapped with 4% BREXIT FARE HIKE' as result of fall in pound's value  
The Mercers also involved with Cambridge Analytica, a data firm which may have been involved with Brexit and US election. 
Brexit will make us economically poorer, politically weaker, culturally more insular & socially more divided but that aside, it's all gravy. 
Brexit fans on the BBC Daily Politics gave clown Patrick Minford a lot of airtime before the EU ref.  
Brexit is a complex mess of pain for no material gain.  
I hope @nicholaswatt is right saying "I'm beginning to hear talk in some quarters that #Brexit may not actually happen" #unbrexit #Newsnight 
Punchy intervention by LCJ, Lord Thomas, idea Brexit will damage UK standing as global legal centre = "lie"  
Translation: The political class is still trying to sabotage Brexit after over a year. We won't let them.  
Given most of their coverage, it looks like it's the BBC themselves that don't want Brexit to actually happen.  
Listen to this, the Tory Brexiteer's confidence Brexit will actually happen is based on Labour (Corbyn's) support for Brexit  
The Exit of Brexit draws near. Come on @UKLabour ... don't let us down 
.THAT Brexit which is supported, even cheered-on, by HIS pal Corbyn will hamper the UK film industry?THAT Brexit? 
For millions the Brexit issue will only ever be settled when it's finally dumped for good; and we who re-tweet believe that time must come.  
New court challenge Brexit faces potential court challenge over 'technical flaw' in way Article 50 was triggered  
Italy's EU Minister confirms ongoing talks between EU countries to prepare for a Brexit reversal from Britain  
Is there any reason for brexit now other than making sure foreigners know they're foreign? 
To help with Brexit negotiations.  
Tide has turned. Prepare for a tsunami as realisation dawns that government has no Brexit plan and that economic consequences are dire  
Politicians are supposed to do what they think is right in the interests of the UK. Brexit is nonsense and not in the interests of the UK. 
Labour commit in their manifesto to end FofM. Therefore no SM membership. That's hard Brexit That's austerity max for a generation  
Nick Watt hearing more and more Westminster whispers that Brexit won't happen. A return to rationalism then as reality bites #newsnight 
I liked visiting the UK before Brexit, but since then I didn't go there because I have the feeling I'm no longer welcome. Many think that. 
Perceived hostility towards foreigners after the #Brexit vote means young travellers are shunning London #StopBrexit 
Oh I could weep. Look, we're still there. #Brussels #thevan #thumbtwiddling #brexit  
talk in some quarters in house of commons that Brexit may not actually happen  
That is second tweet deleted by @DanielJHannan which falsely described the UK position on citizenship and Brexit.  Such deletions welcome. 
"I am beginning to hear talk in some quarters that Brexit may not actually happen" reports @nicholaswatt #newsnight 
Ireland is not going to leave the EU – it thinks Brexit is a stupid idea  
No need. No advantage. No point. No one argued for it during the referendum. Just shut up and let's get on and #LEAVE! 
British citizens in NEtherlands have "frank" discussions with Foreign Office on Brexit, freedom of movement etc:  
“Why would your interlocutors ever give you a permanent deal?” @nadhimzahawi isn't convinced by a Norway style transitional Brexit deal  
What would a 'Norway for now' transitional Brexit deal look like? #newsnight 
Some senior Tories floating "Norway for now" compromise as staging post on the way to full Brexit #newsnight 
Cameron, the man who is alleged to have put his dick in a pigs mouth is back. This time trying to stab Britain in the back over Brexit. 
The happy fate of North Sea cod shows Brexit Britain can become a sustainable fishing superpower #premium 
WE NOW GO LIVE TO BREXIT  
Judges told by @DLidington  that aggrieved citizens should be able to challenge ministers over Brexit and be sure judgment will be respected 
Every day, every hour, the roar against Brexit just gets louder.And louder. 
Must Watch Sir John Major: The concept that people running #Brexit campaign would care for the NHS,is a rather odd one! #NHS #CabinetofChaos 
May's absurd Brexit plan sacrifices economy to stop EU migrants who won't come anyway  
It's good to celebrate the original Brexit...happy belated July 4th  
English contract and commercial law is unaffected by Brexit, says Lord Thomas. London will continue to be a leading arbitration centre. 
Brexit fears trigger exodus of crucial EU health and social care workforce | Hélène Mulholland - the guardian  
Nig govt defines referendum as 'war' because Biafra seek a vote to stay or leave which is there right by law. #Biafra50YearsOn 
Brexit faces potential court challenge over 'technical flaw' in way Article 50 was triggered  
Fixing #NHS £8.2b per year, #Brexit will cost at least £26.9b per year. #stopBrexitFixNHS#endausterity 
Is #BBCQT panel majority Brexit this week?Of course not!It's 4:1 majority Remainiac, AGAIN.BBC just don't get it.  
Worst decade for production since Napoléon.  So how is #brexit going for you @theresa_may ? 
Brilliant day at Parliament with @EquityUK lobbying MPs & Lords to give the creative industries a voice in Brexit negotations  
Is Brexit an error? Now even Vote Leave’s chief is having doubts | Jonathan Freedland    
Can anyone tell me ONE benefit of leaving the EU?#Brexit 
History will be kinder to 1st Cabinet Minister who breaks cover to say UK should think again on Brexit, than it'll be on those who plough on  
Tory Minister doing Putin's work by calling for the EU to be "wholly torn down". A traitor to his country#Brexit 
Jeremy Corbyn's supporters are in for a shock if they think he'll soften Brexit  
UPDATE - Erdoğan says KRG's decision to hold an independence referendum is a mistake and they will "regret it" 
Repeat: Vote Leave Campaign Chief Dominic Cummings says that the referendum was a “dumb idea” #Brexit #StopBrexit 
Don't forget, as Theresa would say "nothing has changed, nothing has changed". Tories cannot be trusted with our country or with #Brexit  
Amazing lack of "Scots are just more canny of Brexit threat" or "we don't have macroeconomic levers" tweets today. Can't think why. 
Also what was wrong with the referendum was the entire English media that failed to ask any question of any value whatever. 
Post by great non-lawyer blogger - the referendum may be the worst [dot dot dot] in history, but was it the worst legislation?  
Farmer hails Brexit as 'best thing ever' and eagerly awaits freedom from Brussels controls  
Sovereignty is not sacrosanct. Let the people choose. That's why we demand for Referendum. #BiafraReferendum now. 
Allow people of #Biafra to decide in a democratic way#Referendum#Biafra50YearsOn#SelfDetermination#BiafraReferendum#Biafra #Biafrexit 
Enjoy this year's Wimbledon. Post Brexit, no European players will compete; visas will be required and the prize money will plummet. 
Alyn Smith: We need to get the Brexit fantasists in check – and that includes Corbyn  
"Perceived hostility towards foreigners since Brexit vote mean 1in5 young ppl initially wanting to come here" DON'T 
Deutsche Bank is preparing to move significant banking assets from London to Frankfurt  
Europe's most pressing problems: Russia resurgence, the migrant-crisis and Brexit  
The challenge will be UK catch-up to match the 60 odd FTAs EU has after Brexit. A very tall order indeed.  
Brexit's like pushing your nose against the window of Boisdale to see Boris & the Brexiteers dining & then being expected to pay the bill. 
Happy 69th Birthday NHS, with lots of love from @EuroLabour! How abt we don't underfund you or sell you off thru post-Brexit deal w/ Trump?  
If you dine and dash at IHOP that's called a Brexit. 
Remember Brexiters, when you told us EU couldn't strike trade deals? I make this two with major G7 economies since Brexit referendum alone  
Don't be daft. The Greeks held a referendum whose result they couldn't deliver without tanking the economy. That would never happen...oh.  
Believe me, Brexit is dying by the day. Now people know what is entailed, we must give them the opportunity to make the final decision. 
Brexit has seen League of Legends RP costs rise in the UK by 20 percent.  
Brexit is damaging the economy so we will carry on moaning. Get used to it. More and more are joining.  
HUGE PRAISE for Col. Richard Kemp after he STANDS UP for the rights of serving British soldiers  via @Your Brexit 
The Best Brexit Baldric of the Week   
But we will reverse it.Brexit will not beJustin Trudeau just said what most of us are already thinking about Brexit  
There isn't. There really isn't. Brexit will harm the poorest in society the hardest.  
After Brexit, next stage -- English Independence.  
Absolutely, we are not manacled to EU ‘advisory’ Referendum outcome 1 year ago, anymore than PM stuck to Fixed-term Parliaments Act 2011.  
The referendum was advisory. Nobody is bound to it in any way.  
#Brexit means cutting all ties with the #EU Is that really what #Leavers want? Read / share @Jon_Danzig’s editorial:  
Something is rotten in the state of British Politics. Brexit is a prime indication but the problem is bigger than Brexit. 
The delusion of brexit: The EU is one of the top 3 trade partners of 146 countries and the 1st for 84 countries  
Look at it this way: Brexit really is pushing property prices up, albeit in Frankfurt. 
#OTD Isaac Newton published Principia. Quote for those that believe that #brexit helps the economy and poor. Motion of Brexit is stopping. pic.twitter.com/Q56GL1SwOh 
A company run by the ex-Tory treasurer used shareholders' money to stop Lib Dems gaining seats in #GE2017 #Brexit 
#Brexit and #citizensrights  -the devil's in the detailMy latest BrexitBriefing on the detail of what's at stake: 
Time to stop re-arranging deck chairs on the Titanic @UKLabour. Brexit seals our economic decline, and we know it. 
A large region of Spain called Catalonia   has announced  October 1 as the date of a binding referendum on its...  
Another undeserved blow for commuters: always Brexit penalises the people who work and power our economy.  
I hope Leavers are looking forward to the US screwing a desperate #Brexit Britain every which way in trade negotiations. #StopBrexit 
QOTD: @nedboulting regards Sagan, "It's like BREXIT; just a shit decision and nobody knows how to correct it."  
Surely it's no longer a heretical burnable at the stake offence to say 'Brexit is madness'? 
Brexit is inward looking, regressive and nationalistic in the worst sense and shows thinly veiled intolerance to our European neighbours.  
Thank you also to @SarahLudford for speaking up, & for being the only one to suggest that Brexit wasn't a foregone conclusion #StopBrexit 
If Brexit were a horse it would be a pot of glue. 
Japan seeks EU FTA: liberal, progressive Japan. YAY!UK seeks comprehensive FTA: backward, protectionist, inward looking Britain#Brexit 
UK's skills shortage is costing us £90bn per year even before Brexit  
Austerity led to Brexit & Brexit creates austerity. @UKLabour Please shout this from the roof tops & please Lead. 
Ken Loach explains why Brexit will prove troublesome for British filmmakers  
Main stream media’s crusade for #Brexit did not end on June 23, says @gameoldgirl >>  
Belatedly discovering #Brexit problems:  
Probably spoken too soon; Mrs May should easily exceed Cameron with her ineptness.....even without #Brexit issues and negotiations.  
This is an absolutely excellent piece from @awstojanovic. Anyone who writes about Brexit should read it.  
BREXIT secretary David Davis said that legislation regarding the transfer of EU laws into British ones should start next week 
Just in case you missed the 'Vote Leave Chief admits Brexit was an error' story... #brexitshambles 
Imagine, it's the year 2025 in an Independent Scotland & Nicola Sturgeon asks the nation 'would you like a referendum on english governance' 
If Nigeria feel they treated Biafra well after the war, let them test it through REFERENDUM FOR BIAFRA. Support #REFERENDUM #FreeBiafra @UN 
My piece on Dominic Cummings' admission that Brexit might turn out to be a mistake  
You may not know this but business *hates* uncertainty. So we should confirm that there will definitely be a second independence referendum. 
What? You mean Brexit was a protest vote against the Tories and austerity?  
What kind of person would support something that devalues another human being's worth like this? This is why I'll never stop until Brexit is  
Didn't register to campaign in the referendum, didn't turn up to vote, won't form a government and won't go to Westminster. Lazy lazy lazy.  
Big investment firms are warned they may have to move thousands of jobs to EU after Brexit  
I Stand With Nnamdi Kanu On Referendum, Nigeria Is An Artificial Creation – Agbakoba  
Even simpler: call it off. Admit it was a mistake. Void the 1st referendum, on basis that it was i) advisory ii) narrow iii) won with lies. 
That's why @Nigel_Farage ran his own parallel campaign, only #UKIP had the spirit, belief and endurance to see this through #Brexit  
I was asked by friends in #Guadalajara, Mexico to send a message of support for a referendum…  
Interesting and pertinent piece on Norway's experience with relations with the EU and the EEA, in a Brexit perspective.  
Thousands call for Jacob Rees-Mogg to become PRIME MINISTER  via @Your Brexit 
Never has "taking back control" sounded so vacuous and idiotic. #Brexit We must stop this insanity. 
Am sure @DanielJHannan does not mind me assisting when he errs, as all would agree it is important the Brexit debate is accurately informed. 
Jeremy Hunt’s notes reveal concerns about Brexit.  
MPs meet with BBC over Brexit bias   
A farmer on @BBCRadio4 praised Brexit saying the UK’s withdrawal from the EU was “one of the best things ever”  
#Brexit is so blindingly insane that it seems many are blinded by its insanity. #StopTheMadness 
#Brexit maze: Here are my recommendations how citizens & business should make the EU familiar with their concerns:  
All You Ever Wanted To Know About Brexit In One Massive Chartbook Poster   
Jean-Claude Juncker's deputy compares post-Brexit trade ambitions to Monty Python  
Ireland leaving the EU post #brexit is an idiotic notion  
The European Parliament has voted against giving special designated status to Northern Ireland after Brexit, by 374 votes to 66 
The right people are in place at DEFRA to make a success of Brexit, writes @DrBrexit 
We had a referendum each side made its case . We won ...  
Brexit is the defining issue of our time. It sets the internationalists against the isolationists. Labour are truly split over Brexit  
Prof @Jon_Garland67 looks at figures suggesting there was indeed a spike in #hatecrime post EU Ref brexit #BSCConf17 
Brexit? It's falling apart. Only our dumbass politicians clinging on to..their grand betrayal. A clean out required. McMacron where are you? 
Tory Brexit backsliding on key EU withdrawal amendments   
It's beginning to look like Brexit is so insanely stupid and ill planned that it is actually impossible to carry out. 
The Tories can no longer be said to be the party of business. Brexit has made theirs the party of fiscal irresponsibility.  
Justin Trudeau just said what most of us are already thinking about Brexit  
Jacob Rees-Mogg: "The BBC was good prior to the referendum but it has been extraordinarily bad afterwards"  
My blog on why UK's flawed approach to Brexit negotiations points towards a planned walkout with no deal is now also on the LSE Brexit site.  
Catalonia to declare independence right away if ‘yes’ vote wins October 1 referendum  
@solange_lebourg I htought you might like this about #Brexit  
The best Brexit outcome we can hope for is not much change at all  
A good friend who voted Brexit now insists he didn't. I suspect there's a lot of that about. 
.@thatginamiller speaks to Prospect about Brexit: The will of the people is not set in stone  
If this is where you stand on #BREXIT please use this as your banner and RT. @StopBrexit17 @LoubinWally @UFE_Bresistance @acgrayling @FT 
Saudi shows how Brexit has denied us an ethical foreign policy. Boris's is the face we present to the outside world: it's blubbery & weak. 
Investment in tech across the UK since the EU referendum was more than double its nearest rival, Germany, at £2.4bn  
Justin Trudeau just made it crystal clear what he really thinks of Brexit  
Richard Armitage speaks out about abuse after THOSE #Brexit tweets: ‘I’ll tread carefully’  
Starbucks blames brexit for 60% sales drop in uk. No people are shunning your coffee due to your pig ignorant attitude to our tax system. 
Q1 GDP per head flat, wage inflation low and falling, survey data weak, Brexit entering critical phase - and MPC are going to raise rates?!?  
2) Conservative and Labour MEPs voted down a @UKIP amendment which attempted to scrap the 'Brexit bill' and save the UK billions.  
Giving no quarter—EU leaders take a tough line in the Brexit talks thinking Britain is in a weak bargaining position 
Just a reminder to those claiming 1975 referendum was only about staying in trade bloc. This from Margaret Thatcher:  
London retains its crown as Europe’s #1 tech hub despite Brexit  
"A lot of people are regretting their decision but it’s too late now." No No No it isn't!!!! Demand a Referendum on the actual Brexit deal!  
Brexit Boom: Oxford Economics Predicts Britain Will Outperform France, Germany and the Enitre Eurozone  
Worst hat-trick news for country since Shane Warne terrorised us: Brexit uncertainty damaging economic performance  
The daily drip of Brexit-realism continues.Who'll be first Cabinet Minister to publicly question if we should go ahead with Brexit at all?  
What an awful disaster #Brexit is. What a complete waste of energy, resources and time.  And for what? 
The nation's most senior judge has said Brexit will bolster the capital's pre-eminence in the legal profession  
Anyone who thinks Murdoch-backed Brexit was not about rich removing worker rights and anything that hinders profit is living in fantasy land 
UK expected to outperform Germany, France, Eurozone – but people still acting like #Brexit put economy in freefall.  
EU and Japan negotiators seal trade agreement. The world ain't sitting around waiting for mad ol' Brexit Britain.  
Furious MPs yesterday demanded the BBC draw up a new code of practice to prevent an “anti-Brexit bias”  
The story of how Brexit ruined a generation.  
The signs are very clearly indicating:The nonsense of BrexitThe sadness of BrexitThe incongruence of BrexitThe madness of Brexit.  
BREAKING: Jeremy Corbyn's Brexit plans have been leaked to the press.  
A spat about seafood shows the compromises that Brexit will force  
The EU supply chain before and after Brexit.  
"there is growing support for a second vote on the terms of the Brexit deal – before it really is too late" 
The real impact of Brexit  
One shiny new Irish passport. Brexit? Can’t relate.  
Brexit has seen League of Legends RP costs rise in the UK by 20 percent:  
Brexit was never about what majority wanted. Was always about what Murdoch et al could persuade majority they wanted  
Plse read this if you haven't already: Who paid for the leave vote? Brexit should stop until we know: George Monbiot  
Every time @vincecable says *Soft* *Hard* *Extreme* Brexit, a @LibDems supporter fades.Withdraw Article 50 Remain in EU Stop wasting our  
Leave campaign director says #Brexit is shaping up to be a 'guaranteed debacle'... 
I will never support Brexit in any way, shape or form. I'm a 100% Remainer. If the EU has its faults then reform from within, don't leave. 
Mind you us  Brits are not much better. We voted for #Brexit - a suicidal move on a monumental scale 
Fucking Hell... Why didn't someone try to warn us what a clusterfuck Brexit was going to be?  
Death penalty support was highly predictive of voting for Brexit  
Says the man who sacked Labour frontbenchers for having the temerity to vote against the Conservatives on Brexit  
A final version of the referendum law is expected to be passed by the Catalan regional parliament later this summer  
Kanu's Call For Referendum The Only Way Out, No Restructuring - Agbakoba  
Is Brexit an error? Now even Vote Leave’s chief is having doubts  
Anger in Brexit City is against austerity, not Europe, says @LUFCPromised #Sunderland >>  
Reminder: Brexit hasn't happened yet. This will not get better - but, amazingly, it is viewed as an 'acceptable price' for...what, exactly?  
The question is whether the collective act of buyer’s remorse over Brexit comes in time – or too late  
#JustinTrudeau has criticised the US and UK for 'turning inward' with #Trump and #Brexit   
.@JonathanPlaid challenges the Prime Minister to admit she's pursuing an absolutist damaging Brexit.  
No. The 'very nub of Brexit' is not economic - a British pro-EU transactional view that lasted 60 years until defeated in 2016.  
Many fail to grasp the turmoil of Brexit for EU migrants. Sure, we may never be forced to leave. But, effectively, we have been asked to. 
The crowds cheering his name at Glastonbury are in for a shock if they think Jeremy Corbyn will soften Brexit  
Here's the OBR table giving £15bn per annum as the cost of Brexit. Since then growth has slumped so the cost will be higher still.  
Brexit: As seen from Switzerland...  
Says a PM busy loading £15bn per annum of debt onto young people to pay for a Brexit they vigorously oppose.  
Plaid Cymru say civil service having to explain in crayon to cabinet that there's no 'have cake and eat it' Brexit. #PMQs 
Justin Trudeau just made it crystal clear what he thinks of Brexit  
Why do you say that? Public opinion is now quite strongly against brexit. Lib Dems deserve at least some of the credit.  
If you needed any more proof that the Tories want May to make it through to the end Brexit, look at how they're supporting her at #PMQs 
Austerity argument about loading our children with debt while conducting Brexit also accidentally hilarious. 
It's very simple. I'd rather Brexit was under Labour but they don't get a pass on it cos they're the good guys. 
Hundreds of thousands of rail commuters face being hit with a “Brexit fare hike” of nearly 4%  
Jeremy Hunt cites evidence that 'people COMING to UK post #Brexit vote' to work in NHS. Facts say only a trickle are. #SaveOurNHS #ToriesOut 
This week: Manufacturing forecasts Construction forecasts  Now dominant services sector stumbling after Brexit 
Corbyn has a savvy game plan: wait for the Tories to implode over Brexit | Tae Hoon Kim  
Every time @vincecable says *Soft* *Hard* *extreme* Brexit, a @LibDems supporter fades. Remain in EU Withdraw Ariticle 50 Stop wasting our  
Justin Trudeau just took down Britain over Brexit  
Is Brexit an error? Now even Vote Leave’s chief is having doubts | Jonathan Freedland  
Today's @EveningStandard: Brexit inflation hit on rail fares + great analysis in biz on house prices v wages & @MattDAncona on gov panic 
Scrap the #licencefee! The anti-#Brexit bias during and after the referendum has been a disgrace!  #BBC #SKY #UK #RT 
Barclays #Brexit cheat sheet... the mother of all cheat sheets#clickbait 
Corbyn supports #Brexit, so does MurdochStrange times, strange bedfellows.#StopBrexit #Remain 
Corbyn says he cares about the #NHS, but he doesn't seem to care about this.The stench of #Brexit hypocrisy. #StopBrexit #Remain 
#CATALEXIT: #Catalonia to hold referendum, declare immediate independence if 'Yes' wins.  #BBC #SKY #UK #RT #NEWS #EU 
Your original tweet stated "we're leaving." @davidallengreen's piece said Parliament might vote against Brexit. No signalling, just facts. 
Basically voting Brexit to most was no more than a Hate version of voting someone off Big Brother. Just as shallow as that. & we all suffer. 
Corbyn has a savvy game plan: wait for the Tories to implode over Brexit | Tae Hoon Kim  
"19,000 EU regulations to be added to UK statute books". Yet to hear one, single clear compelling reason for Brexit  
Prepare for the first interest rate increase in a decade, Bank of England policy maker warns  
Wow that is brilliant Imagine what we could do if we weren't held back by WM and Brexit  
Estonian PM unequivocal on #Brexit: need progress on Citizens' Rights, Financial issues; and Irish border *before anything else discussed*  
We're now in Brussels with #thevan The man who served me tea gave me a smile I didn't recognise at first. Then I got it - pity. #brexit 
Farmer hails #Brexit as 'best thing ever' and eagerly awaits freedom from Brussels controls.  
We must ensure that the age limit for presidential candidates is not lifted by the parliament; only through a referendum #TakeAStand 
If the #Brexit referendum that was held last year had not excluded millions of UK citizens & #Expats, there would be no Brexit to stop 
Economy is losing momentum. What will it take before we stop Brexit?   
A man attacked a Muslim woman because he had his 'country' back. His barrister blamed Brexit  
Oh look, car industry in trouble in the US. Must be down to Brexit.  
Oops ...Third sign in three days Brexit is hurting the economy  
Totally failed at life? Then why not blame a foreigner! #brexitshambles #Brexit @BrexitBin 
If the tiny LibDem Party thinks it can stop Brexit by getting back in bed with the the Tories it is dangerously delusional  
Column: Heroic Brexit zeal burned out quickly. Now leaver project is shrivelled, defensive and diminishing the UK   
There's a pretty good chance that Brexit will wipe out whichever political party oversees it. So stop trying to own the Tories' mess. 
Really not savouring this phenomenon of Corbyn True Believers going full Brexit. 
This is not what post says.It says reversing Brexit is a matter for parliament, not Brexit should not be reversed.I know, as I wrote it.  
Catalonia has vowed to declare independence "immediately" if a majority of voters back it in an October referendum. 
The Dead Brexit SketchThis actually fit together far better than I expected, which is worrying 
National Audit Office calls out George Osborne for presenting his dire Brexit predictions as "economic facts" ->  
Car sales falling weak pmis falling real wages poor old @michaelgove continuously mugged by reality his Brexit is an economic disaster 
The people of Catalonia will go into their referendum knowing they could declare independence the very next day. 
There are a lot of people in this zone. They like Corbyn and want Brexit ditched for the sake of the rest of the Labour manifesto.  
The one great truth uttered by the Vote Leave chief: that the EU referendum was 'a dumb idea.' (Actually, that's an understatement.) 
SHOWDOWN: Brexit MPs hold crunch talks with BBC over bias. Time to stop being so gloomy about UK's independence!  
Who cares how many MPs Labour has, if they are whipped to support the government? What is the point of them?#brexit  
Important read: "Brexit negotiations: why are the liberal media accepting the first lie of nationalism?"  
A very important story as far as Labour's Brexit position goes:  
Another top British company #Worldpay at risk following #Arm. Cheap pickings after #Brexit vote devaluation. Need reform #TAKEOVER rules. 
Britain is in line to outperform France, Germany and the entire Eurozone post-Brexit, according to new figures  
Must-read @GeorgeWParker piece on May's nigh impossible task of delivering Brexit. This sums it up  
Supreme Court President Lord Neuberger says London's status as world's legal centre could be boosted by #Brexit.  
Exactly 100% of the post-referendum sterling slide was post-referendum  
A smallish party like the @LibDems doesn't have to appeal to Leavers. It would grow immensely if it gathered up most hard Remainers#Brexit 
Anyone who whines democracy to me about that bloody referendum gets reminded that those most affected by it weren't all permitted to vote. 
Wheels really start falling off Brexit. We can still defeat this madness.  
Labour: "Don't worry, we'll keep shouting 'oh, jeremy corbyn' and pretending Brexit isn't a massive risk to your life and career prospects"?  
Ken Loach explains why Brexit will prove troublesome for British filmmakers  
LDs working with Tories on mental health=betrayalLabour working with Tories on Brexit=nothing to see here#Brexit #IN 
I Stand With Nnamdi Kanu On Referendum, Nigeria Is An Artificial Creation – Agbakoba  
What a classic, blame everything on Israel and ignore internal problems. This mentality led to the Independence referendum.  
When you have to listen to Brexit's Bisto mum tell you she wants to be Home Secretary and you still can't afford to sack her  
Today I will ask for seats for English regions at Brexit table (again). Fears growing of a London-centric Brexit.  
Jacob Rees-Mogg added "The BBC was good prior to the referendum  but it has been extraordinarily bad afterwards" 
Details about referendum on independence announced in a show of force by Catalan government   @exteriorscat 
Now chief rat leaves the Brexit sinking ship. Do any of the £350m a week fibbers still believe their porkies?  
The guy on the right is probably in two minds over hard and soft Brexit. Should the UK default to WTO conditions or go down the Norway route  
To stop #Brexit we need the support of a handful of Tories, but almost all Labour MPs; that's why Corbyn is such a problem. #StopBrexit 
Tories have given the Cayman Islands a seat at the Brexit table but not West Mids & Greater Manchester. Yes, really.  
No Jeremy, you've been doing that yourself by voting with them on Brexit and abstaining on Single Market.  
Yes, Brexit is beginning to collapse. And for no other reason than the Brexiteers have finally come face to face with reality. + eat =  
Exit Brexit. Dump Trump. Come on humanity, we can do this. 
Brexit threatens to unleash a tide of investor legal cases against the UK  
These people don't live in the real world 
As Brexit sec. David Davis said, “If a democracy cannot change its mind, it ceases to be a democracy”.  
Brexit prompts skilled European workers to leave the UK  
Morning Briefing: Catalonia to declare independence from Spain within 48 hours if there is a yes vote in referendum.  
The demise of #Brexit approaches ever closer, to our collective relief: it feels as if we've been in the grip of nightmare, but now waking. 
The Catalan referendum could trigger a huge political crisis for Spain and Europe -  
The reasons why Brexit may still be hard - plus Wednesday's other headlines  
Since #Brexit there's been £1.8bn in VC funding for #London #tech sector. The city remains top European tech hub. 
Today's message for the leftie knobbers...#Brexit   
Labour's call on Tories to drop ECJ redline is the first significant difference between the two parties on Brexit  
Theresa May's hardline friends are unlikely to soften Brexit  
It's not stubborn to leave Euratom - it's an inevitable legal consequence of Brexit says @DavidJonesMP 
When the Brexiteers turn on their own campaign and question Brexit you know that Brexit was a HUGE mistake. #StopBrexit 
May living what I imagine feels a lot like an anxiety dreamTheresa May braced for a fall as Brexit tests loom  
A couple of comments on @Keir_Starmer's letter on pharma regulation post Brexit and the letter from Hunt and Clark to which it replied.  
If the Cayman Islands get a seat at the Brexit Table then surely Manchester should as well says @MayorofGM  
Indeed. David's calm, friendly & evidence-based questioning of Brexit's 'brains trust' gets remarkable results. You should follow him.  
Man behind £350m Brexit bus 'lie' just said leaving the EU is 'an error'  via @MetroUK 
Surely @UKLabour won't continue to support Brexit in light of the mounting evidence that it is destroying this country?  
A majority of public supported death penalty during Thatcher years but MPs made decision against it without referendum. Cameron screwed up. 
We don't have to do this.The Brexit fantasy is falling apart as it becomes exposed.Come on, UK. We're better than that.Withdraw Art 50  
Tag yourself, I'm Have a referendum on teenagers  
Open, welcoming and diverse, he says. The man who gave us Brexit. Hope he saw #hospital. They need that £350m now. 
Humiliation for Lib Dems as their claim of a Brexit strawberry shortage is branded ‘fake news’  
God, I hate Brexit. 
Alyn Smith: We need to get the Brexit fantasists in check – and that includes Corbyn  
"The fiction that Britain will somehow be economically better-off after Brexit looks more like a deliberate lie"  
“The EU Referendum Act 2015: the worst legislation in history” @dizzy_thinks 
UK Economy is crashing and according to the world it's due to Brexit, except in Scotland where it's due to #SNPbad @BBCRadioScot @BBCGaryR 
Why don't we stop buying EU goods until they stop trying to rip us off on #Brexit divorce settlement?It is time we played hardball.  
Brexit director who created £350m NHS claim admits leaving EU could be 'an error'  
'Brexit is shrinking' @rafaelbehr in the @guardian 
'Tear it down': New Brexit minister makes clear his disdain for EU saying it has 'failed' on own terms   
Way way too early for farmer on R4 enthusiastically backing Brexit : How much of his income came from EU subsidies last year? 100% 
Theresa May braced for a fall as Brexit tests loom  
1776. The original #Brexit. #Happy4th 
Everyone should be asking why would those people want brexit. The answer is now clear.  
The personal devotion that Jeremy Corbyn inspires has given Labour a boost. But he can't please everyone on Brexit  
Did everyone have a nice Brexit 1776 day? 
Brexit: beyond the capabilities of the media ... they can no more report Grenfell properly than they can Brexit. . 
Ken Loach: #Brexit will prove troublesome for filmmakers  
1776: the original #Brexit | #RedNationRising 
Long before Britain had Brexit, we had Amexit, 1776 style! 
Would pay good money to see the musical to #Brexit that is equivalent to 1776  
Happy Brexit 1776 to all my US friends. 
Brexit has forced Riot to significantly increase the cost of League of Legends RP in the UK.  
lol... Brexit 1776  
BBC called out for anti-Brexit bias.   
Government gave DUP £1.5B for their 10 MPsBut it didn't cost them a penny to get unconditional Labour support on Hard #BrexitBargain  
Happy 241st anniversary of the original Brexit 
Brexit won't take us back to some pre-EU era, it's taking us to a Britain none of us have ever known armed with nothing but 'hope'. Not 4 me 
When you say they "campaigned well" - you mean lied?That is why the Brexiteers cannot carry through what was promised.False promises. 
Thanks to the financial crisis and Brexit, Britain has lost all of its global functions in one great rush  
Despite Madrid's opposition, Catalonia to declare immediate independence if 'yes' wins referendum  
Women for Independence ready to hit the ground running when referendum is announced  
UK remains Europe's hotspot for tech funding despite Brexit vote  #technology #tech #uksopro 
Happy birthday USA! (The original Brexit) 
Trudeau: Trump, Brexit mean new chances for Canada, Ireland  
My favorite rendition ever. Happy birthday to all my friends in America  brexit number 1 some might say   
Incisive from @NickCohen4 but I sense UK voters are rising from slumber & those who pursue Brexit against the tide will end their careers  
The number of voters that want to #StopBrexit has been steadily increasing between polls, while hard Brexit support has been dropping. 
It is the people who will stop Brexit  
Thanks for nothing!!Absolutely Nothing!!On your way back to Dublin,close the gate behind you at the border#Brexit  
Care to comment @borisjohnson? Brexit director who created £350m NHS claim admits leaving EU could be an 'error'  
Jeremy Hunt's "Hard Brexit means people fleeing UK" note in close up  
Italy's EU minister confirms talks about reversing brexit have been taking place. .....  
Why Corbyn & the Tory brexiteers are in violent agreement over leaving the SM, and why we need the EU #Brexit #IN 
..or here is @BankofEngland forecasting last May inflation at 1-1.5% now, before £ slid after referendum -ie 1% = real pay freeze. Now 2.9%.  
The replies to this tweet speak volumes #WeAreInternational #Brexit  
Here's divergence betwn UK & European inflation past year, over referendum sterling slide - turns 1% cash pay rise into clear real pay cut  
We Celebrate the First BREXIT Today ....   
Happy Brexit / independence day USA !#4thOfJuly  
.@timfarron: 'These Brexiteers have sold us a pup & lied to the public. This is why the public should be given a say on final Brexit deal.'  
The problem with Brexit is not that's it's being implemented poorly, but that implementing it will make Britain poorer.  
Both @UKLabour and @Conservatives have painted their names all over HMS #Brexit, when it sinks, so do they and they know it. #Remain 
Cameron cynically plunged UK into #brexit chaos. We couldn't care less about his thoughts on 'austerity'  
Brexit. Ain't ever gonna happen. You heard it here first.  
On the way in which the government is handling the Brexit negotiationsApprove: 44%Disapprove: 56%(via @ORB_Int) 
That shouldn't hurt the UK at all after Brexit.   
Did Spain accuse Catalonia for callling war? Nigeria must learn & allow Biafra to decide #referendum@AJStream @UN 
ID cards plan for EU nationals 'will be Brexit talks flashpoint'  
EXCL Furious MPs demand BBC end its "anti-Brexit bias" in showdown talks with the corporation  
@georgegalloway Theresa May has appointed Rangers' Pedro Caixinha as Chief Brexit negotiator after leaving Europe in under a week.  
Dipsticks! Poundland has more employees than UK's fishing fleet. Lets take control of the 20% Brexit inflation instead and stop #Brexit  
..worth remembering, during election campaign PM stood next to Hammond suggesting £-slide not result of referendum  
It won't matter who is in govt, hard #Brexit Britain will have to slash taxes on business & the rich to attract investment. Tory heaven. 
Spain tries to block #Catalonia #referendum by issuing stern letters to nearly 1,000 municipalities  
Catalonia to split from Spain within 48 hours of secession vote - referendum draft bill  
Just Love it! Maybe they could explain issue to @jeremy_hunt who seems to be totally complacent! #Brexit #NHS 
Exclusive: Britain is sleepwalking into joining EU army, warns top UK military commander 
Europeans Like the E.U. More Since Brexit. Even the British 
Also a big shout out to Brexit 1776 
"Buried are Brexit promises of sovereign renaissance. The leavers’ tone has shrivelled, now pinched and defensive."  
Brexit Will Prove Troublesome for Filmmakers, Predicts Ken Loach  
Happy Brexit 1776  
So Cameron's idea that holding a referendum on Brexit would heal Tories' internal divisions, how's that looking now?  
WHAT? LibDems claimed to be anti-Brexit to get youth vote then instantly flipped to ally w Tories? I am shocked!  
Labour Brexit, Tory Brexit, UKIP Brexit. Three identical peas in a pod. Only good Brexit is no Brexit. 
Yeah, who cares? We may have our own free trade deal with Japan after Brexit.... in about 30 years.  
If Dominic Cummings thinks Brexit may be a mistake (a) we're doomed and (b) he should maybe be in prison.  
Looooool pls who was voting for Amber??? This is like brexit all over again. You lot are fake.  #LoveIsland 
76% of Labour voters want the exact opposite to Corbyn's policy on Brexit. Doesn't look like he wants to listen to them though!  
MERKEL'S WORST NIGHTMARE: Germany calls for Referendum as 'people want to be free of EU'  |  
David Cameron must be so pleased to see that his EU referendum has finally healed the wounds of the Conservative Party 
Tomorrow @ScotNational from Yes to indy in 48 hours: Catalonia will declare its independence within two days of planned referendum  
Most succinct description of what JC supportig remainers are asking other remainers to do (or actually, not do)#IN #Brexit  
Dunno, but these are the people who'll be negotiating Brexit.  
The EU is already winning the Brexit battle for clients. Just wait until they're officially the UK"s global competitor  
Rangers out of Europa League after 2-leg loss to Progres Niederkorn, who finished 4th in LuxembourgThat's a how you do a hard Brexit  
Jeremy No-Mates gets a taste of bitter Brexit medicine | John Crace  
Just heard that Theresa May tomorrow will ask Rangers to help with Brexit because they know how to get out of Europe ASAP. 
UK to get £10billion yearly bonus if Brexit negotiators aren't 'foolish' says Lord Lawson  
Great diffusion in the international press of the presentation of the law of the referendum.  via @VilaWeb 
Brexit  
It's so clearly not in UK interests to leave Euratom that its consequences should have been fully explained during Referendum campaign 
."Brexit is shrinking. The options are fewer, the horizon is narrowing". 
The steady drip of Govt Minister's language backtracking on Brexit looks like it might become a torrent.  
UK to get £10billion yearly bonus if Brexit negotiators aren't 'foolish' says Lord Lawson  
It seems that Rangers activated their Brexit plan quicker than Theresa May's government. Well done lads  
Just heard that Theresa May will ask Rangers to help with Brexit because they know how to get out of Europe as quickly as possible. 
The Brexit bill for U.K. banks? Up to $17 billion, warns financial industry group  
As my pal @AshWebsterFBN just said to me: "Happy 241st Anniversary of the First Brexit!" 
Ask away. If politicians - red blue or purple - vote for brexit, speak for brexit, whip for brexit - we'll criticise 'em.  
From Brexit to Trump, on both sides of the Atlantic populism has run aground | Rafael Behr  
As Spanish population in the UK grows, more than half Spaniards there now work high-skilled jobs  #Brexit 
Catalonia to split from Spain within 48 hours of secession vote - referendum draft bill  
Theresa May has appointed Rangers' Pedro Caixinha as Chief Brexit negotiater after leaving Europe in under a week.   
Hard BrexitSoft BrexitFull English BrexitIt'll be a Continental Brexit. Hardly worth the effort, doesn't fill you up but costs a fortune 
Brexit in a video  
How Brexit Destroyed Great BritainChapter 1 - LiesChapter 2 - More LiesChapter 3 - Methods used to promote LiesChapter 4 - The Liars  
‘UK is turning inward’ Trudeau bids to EXPLOIT Brexit by welcoming Britons to Canada. Help pay for his Muslims.   
Rangers have gone for a hard Brexit and have left Europe in the first qualifying round 
Theresa May delighted after watching a red, white and blue Brexit 
It's A Hard Brexit for the Tories right enough   
The Rangers showing is all what a proper hard Brexit looks like. 
Environmental lawyers have formed a Brexit taskforce  
Anyone asking me to stop slagging off Corbyn, the Tories, UKIP or anyone else complicit in or supportive of Brexit will get short shrift. 
Catalonia to Split From Spain Within 48 Hours of Secession Vote-Referendum Draft Bill  
Catalonia’s pro-independence leaders release a draft of the law that will govern the Oct. 1 independence referendum  
Eh? I'm a German living in the UK (since 1988). Thank you for demonstrating to my Twitter friends that anti German Brexit xenophobia is real  
4th of July is the original Brexit. 
Brexit offers the U.K. an opportunity to forge new, mutually beneficial trade relationships  
Crucial points by @AdamRamsay about the sinister people seeking to use #Brexit as neoliberal shock therapy:  
Their #Brexit delusions could yet destroy the #Tories ,  says @pollytoynbee : 
The original Brexit.   
Brexit is a retreat – not a liberation  
How can you collaborate on something you're fundamentally opposed to? No Brexit is good for UK.  Will cancel my LD membership if necessary. 
The Daily Mail's 'chattering classes' rhetoric demonized intellectuals as an enemy within the British body politic.#Brexit #StopBrexit 
Also, what is Nyarlathotep’s position on Trident renewal, Brexit, and the Common Agricultural Policy? 
Brexit is the people who can't read burning down the library. 
Tribalism = Lab outrage at LDs maybe voting w Tories on mental health. Lab not outraged at their MPs actually voting w Tories on Brexit. 
The only #Brexit is #StopBrexitJoin us at the #NationalMarchManchester 30/9/2017.@sonofr .@JamesMelville .@SLATUKIP .@spaceangel1964 
Catalonia to declare immediate independence if 'yes' wins referendum...  
Nobody who isn't ignorant, a racist, bigot, xenophobe or stinking rich wants Brexit. #StopBrexit 
Severing ties with the EU starts in DAYS as transferring of laws to begin NEXT WEEK #EU #Brexit 
Today we've explained to European left that our struggle for referendum and Catalan Republic is also their struggle. Thanks to @ehbildu 
Spain: Catalonia to declare immediate independence if 'yes' wins referendum  
Labour are busy trying to talk up a Tory-LD coalition while in reality it's Labour votes ushering Tory hard Brexit through the commons. 
Michael Gove appears to understand how Brexit can help British fishing  
This city is emerging as the main alternative to London for banks after Brexit  
Brexit is pure madness, it won't be long before the groundswell of support turns its back on this misjudgement.   
Under @realDonaldTrump @potus the USA is a light of liberty that shines even brighterHappy #FourthOfJuly from Brexit Britons  
I cannot help regarding Corbyn as a total hypocritical shit for piggy-backing his #Brexit on the back of lies, xenophobia & scapegoating. 
By giving us austerity & Brexit, David Cameron will be remembered as one of British history's greatest vandals but hardly a fount of wisdom 
Here is honest principled JC sticking the immigration knife into the #Remain campaign just before the vote #Brexit 
Bill Allowing #Catalonia Independence Within 48 Hours of Referendum Enters Parl't:  vía @SputnikInt 
A hard Brexit with full support for the Tories 'great repeal bill'. The Labour Party in this parliament.  
For all our futures #Brexit can and must be stopped.#StopBrexit #NationalMarchManchester 30/9/2017 
Catalonia to split from Spain within 48 hours of secession vote - referendum draft bill  
Yo Britain, I'm really happy for you, but America had the best Brexit of all time. #IndependenceDay #July4th 
Oh, and happy Original Brexit, America! 
Heard on the news just now some bloke calling for a Sliding Brexit! Personally I'm holding out for a jelly and custard Brexit with sprinkles 
That right there is the referendum on Obama's 8 years. Plain, simple, easy to understand.  
.@TorbettR exec director commercial policy @ABPI_UK says message from ministers on pharma industry post Brexit is very positive signal  
"The UK looks pretty clueless at the moment." That's Alastair Darling's assessment of the government's approach to Brexit #r4today 
Jeremy No-Mates gets a taste of bitter Brexit medicine | John Crace  
Catalonia to declare immediate independence if 'yes' wins referendum#Catalonia 
BFE: Referendum Anniversary WKNDR! #8 Liverpool for Europe Hold an Anniversary Rally! @Liverpool4EU @16MillionRising #StopBrexit #nomandate 
*Brexit Britain*  
In Dublin, PM Trudeau says Trump, Brexit mean new chances for Canada and Ireland  #cdnpoli 
Well @theresa_may messed up the "get a massive majority" but still on track to wreck the economy by flouncing out of #brexit negotiations  
Catalonia to split from Spain within 48 hours of secession vote - referendum draft bill  
Same here. The only good Brexit is no Brexit! 
UK announces £100 million fund to attract foreign researchers in wake of Brexit  
Happy OG Brexit USA! #July4 
Brexit mastermind who wrote the £350m NHS lie on the battle-bus admits leaving EU could be 'an error':  
I am indebted to Brexit 1776. I do not take their sacrifices in vain. #4thOfJuly2017 #AmericaSince1776 
I am in my 70th year and voted remain. Brexit is sheer madness the biggest socio/economic disaster for our country and people voted for it!?  
Terrific FT piece on how appalling the politics of Brexit and the govt are. We are screwed  
Brexit may delay access to new medicines - @M_AndersonSF 
241 years ago was the original Brexit. 
Agreed John but your support for Brexit, particularly a hard Brexit will compound the chaos and will create even more austerity.  
Farage DEMANDS foreign aid budget should ‘put our own people first’  via @Your Brexit 
The financial services industry contributes £66bn pa tax to the UK. That's half the NHS budget. It's walking out the door because of Brexit  
@DanielJHannan what has citizenship got to do with commitment? Hasn't stopped you from trying to destroy the country with Brexit 
BBC bosses defend not revealing Peter Capaldi’s replacement, saying that post-Brexit it’s just impossible to attract doctors. 
Brexit: May's new Minister appointed to negotiate Britain's withdrawal wants European Union 'wholly torn down' 
EU sells UK £70bn a yr more than UK sells to EUUK has all the cards in #Brexit negotiationEU should pay us for access to our lucrative mkt 
Conservative Party unity on #Brexit  
.@HarrietHarman on mostly male Brexit team: 'God help us'  
Can someone kindly remind @jeremy_hunt that EU nurse applications to our NHS have dropped by 96% since Brexit.  
Happy Brexit,America. Be safe &enjoy your day &your freedom.I'm proud to be American. Love to you all. #Happy4th #4thofJuly#FreedomIsntFree 
And the Brexit winner is... Frankfurt? The headlines from Europe that you need to know about  
More than half of the EU-qualified nurses registering from the EU in that year arrived in the three months before the EU Referendum. 
Venezuela's opposition announces referendum on whether to agree with government to write new constitution  
Analysis: Theresa May braces for a fall as Brexit tests loom  
Catalonia to split from Spain within 48 hours of secession vote - referendum draft bill  
It was all a jolly jape eh Boris? Brexit director who created £350m NHS lie admits leaving EU could be 'an error'  
if you had a choice between a pro-#brexit labour govt led by Corbyn or an anti-#brexit Tory govt led by Ken Clarke what would you chose? 
One or both of these will come true:1) Brexit will fail2) Anger with & rot within the Tory Party will keep it out of power for 10+ years 
America did a brexit 300 years ago and now have a racist wotsit as a king, no health care and make Adam Sandler films. THIS IS WHAT HAPPENS. 
Corbyn knows how #Brexit is already destroying the financial basis for Labour's plans, and yet he continues to support it!#StopBrexit 
Catalonia to declare independence right away if “yes” vote wins October 1 referendum   
Branching Histories and the ‘Error’ of Brexit  
Sadiq Khan't can't be caught with an ounce of British Patriotism on him.Wrong man for London at #Brexit time. 
July 4th, 1776, the original #Brexit. 
Catalonia to split from Spain within 48 hours of secession vote - referendum draft bill  
There's an easy way to end austerity and that is by stopping #Brexit now! In 2018-19 the govt would have £15.2bn more available#StopBrexit 
No the story is false & @LibDems won't prop up Tories.Nor will LibDems enable a hard Brexit as you @jeremycorbyn clearly intend to do. 
BREXIT 1776.....THE ORIGINAL@mitchellvii@realDonaldTrump@realDonaldTrump@SebGorka 
"96% drop in EU nurses registering to work in Britain since Brexit vote" 
As David Davies says #Brexit negotiations harder than landing on the moon, people start crowdfunding to buy him a rocket and one way ticket. 
.@Jeremy_Hunt denies receiving warnings of EU nationals 'fleeing UK' #Brexit  
.@joanburton has called for a referendum to #repealthe8th in early 2018 before Papal visit   
Good meeting between @FionaHyslop & Irish FM @simoncoveney today. Discussion focused on #Brexit and Sco/Ire relations  
French President Emmanuel Macron described Brexit as a symptom of a 'cruel decade' of crises afflicting the EU.  
Nice try Britain, but 1776 was the best Brexit of all time! 
Then tell them 2 organize a referendum 4 Nigerians 2 decide whether they still want 2 live in a cursed & satanic unitary state called NGR.  
Happy US Brexit Day 
At best, Brexit is wishful thinking, complicated by lies, dogged by assumptions, a large dash of incompetence and a nasty whiff of racism. 
Irexit? Irfuckingexit? How about the one thing essential for the UK's economic future? Noexit. No fucking exit. No Brexit. #StopBrexit 
Corbyn is a Brexiter, if Labour wins a majority in an election he will surely take that to be a mandate to pursue #Brexit. #StopBrexit 
There is no mandate for an extreme Brexit. Govt now needs to get the message. Sign our petition:  
Good grief, not another u-turn.  Soon there'll only be Brexit left to be u-turned, it's only a matter of time   
Some Tories are clearly starting to get worried about public opinion on Brexit, & they'll be terrified of it in 6 months time.  
Not much about Brexit surprises me anymore but this is astonishing. Campaign director of Vote Leave admits this whole farce is a mistake.  
Words fail me: Vote Leave campaign chief Dominic Cummings admits Brexit could 'be an error'  # via @HuffPostUKPol 
.@ChukaUmunna – Hunt’s memo reveals reality of a hard Brexit  
Happy Brexit 1776 Day!  :)Stay safe, everyone. You need all 10 fingers for your fight at the Wolf’s Lair.  
CATALEXIT: Catalonia to hold referendum, declare immediate independence if 'Yes' wins.  
THE ORIGINAL BREXITJULY 4, 1776  
The original Brexit #Happy4th 
Remember that Brexitbrained nonsense about London finance not leaving? M&G are moving £6bn to Luxembourg as a result of Brexit decision. 
Brexit may not actually mean Brexit, Italian ambassador suggests  
Rarely agree with Jeremy Hunt but I agree with the briefing note he's been photographed with that says “hard Brexit means people fleeing UK" 
I'm about to question Taoiseach Leo Varadkar on the 8th Amendment referendum plans #repealthe8th #dubw #Dáil. 
Have we coined the phrase "actually existing Brexit" yet?  
Finally. Women in politics recognised as a critical issue to address, up there with Brexit. Thank you Trudeau.  
OBR estimate that Brexit will cost Britain an additional £15bn a year.£15bn would give every single public sector worker a £3,000 pay rise.  
Brexit policy on fish is typical of the project: Meaningless, counter-productive & designed to please reactionaries  
38th India Foundation Dialogue on the topic "The Future of India-UK Relations-British Elections, Brexit and Beyond" concludes. #IFDialouge 
Man behind £350m a week slogan says Brexit could be an 'error'  
The problem with Brexit isn't uncertainty about UK negotiating position or competence to deal.  The problem with Brexit is Brexit itself. 
There is no UK team negotiating #Brexit just the Tory Party doing what they wantNo involvement by others Parties,but supported by the DUP  
Nurses must continue to use #foodbanks says @PhilipHammondUK. Brexit is new excuse for Austerity  
Proudly raising colors to commemorate the original #Brexit. 241 years ago. #maga 
Vote Leave director says referendum  was "a dumb idea" & voting leave may have been an “error”. Put that on a bus.  
Can someone remind me why Jeremy Corbyn isn't calling for a second EU Referendum? #askingforafriend #reallyaskingforafriend 
Happy Birthday America, You’re The Original Brexit…#1776 #4thOfJuly2017 
Vote Leave director admits vote to leave could be ‘an error’  #Brexit #Remain #VoteLeave 
Striking how FF, FG and the intelligentsia can naval gaze over Brexit but totally gloss over CETA and TTIP. #Dail 
Border Communities Against Brexit to receive EU Prize at Ceremony next week  
#Catalonia to declare immediate independence if 'yes' wins referendum  via @YahooNews 
Vote Leave campaign director says voting leave may have been an “error” #Brexit  
"Meaningless..counter-productive & designed primarily to make reactionaries feel better abt themselves" -@IanDunt on Brexit #fishpolitics. 
Report by Seanad Committee show’s real political and economic dangers of Brexit – @NiallSF  
Happy OG Brexit guys. 
"Brexit: Vote Leave chief who created £350m NHS lie on bus admits leaving EU could be 'an error" 
Brexit will be the death of Britain.There's a very simple solution: #StopBrexit 
Here's proof that Hunt and his fellow Tories know how damaging May's 'hard Brexit' will be for the NHS and the UK. 
Haha. Hard Brexit 'means people fleeing UK', Jeremy Hunt note says  
Six out of 10 Londoners voted against "Brexit," but many cabbies voted in favor — Uber may be part of the reason  
Local Government Association Chair Lord (Gary) Porter, a Tory, tells ministers: "You get on with Brexit, and we will run the country." 
Happy original Brexit USA. If you're not this level of Murica then you're doing it wrong #independenceday  
"It is with some trepidation that I venture into Brexit City just over a year later," says @LUFCPromised >> 
When the chairman of Vote Leave believes Brexit might be a mistake and the #EUref was a "dumb idea" 
This is proof of the bump in the space-time continuum in which Brexit never happened  
"The fact is Brexit is making us poorer" - Former Chancellor Ken Clarke  
Even Dominic Cummings architect of Vote Leave realises 1/ Referendum was dumb idea 2/ We are heading for a potential massive catastrophe  
Not just hard brexit, Jeremy Hunt. Playing with our #citizensrights and putting inadequate offers forward is already hurting #NHS morale 
Catalonia to declare immediate independence if yes vote wins referendum 
We are making plans to visit Catalonia for their independence referendum on 1st October. We want a big delegation.  Who's coming with us?  
NHS staff fleeing Brexit Britain  
There are many good pro-#Remain Labour MPs. We should give them all our support while at the same time attacking Corbyn. #StopBrexit #Brexit 
Brexit: Vote Leave chief who created £350m NHS lie on bus admits leaving EU could be 'an error' - The Independent  
"Here's an idea Mr President...why not hold a referendum? Always sorts out a divided country does that"  
This city is emerging as the main alternative to London for banks after Brexit  
Labour Right Anti-Corbyn Excuses:"He'll never become leader"...Damn"He'll kill us at the ballot box"...Damn "Shit. What now? Oh. BREXIT" 
Referendum was “A dumb idea'' now says the man responsible for the big bus lie. 
Dominic Cummings, director of official leave campaign during EU referendum, now admits #brexit could be a mistake:  
'Hard Brexit will mean people fleeing UK' - Jeremy Hunt briefing note.They didn't put that on side of a bus. 
A hard Brexit "means people fleeing the UK". Jeremy Hunt never spoke a truer word than this, revealed in his note.  
There are a lot of good pro-EU people in the PLP, but this is Corbyn's Brexit record. It stinks!  
241 years ago our founding fathers pulled a Brexit before Brexiting was cool.  
Dominic Cummings chairman of vote leave suggests #brexit might be an error WTF  
Ooooooooooo Jeremy Corbyn. He loves a hard Brexit kids.  
Dear Remainers, either we attack Corbyn's Brexit support with all our force or we passively accept the inevitability of #Brexit.#StopBrexit 
Dominic Cummings admits "lots" could go wrong with #Brexit ? 
BREXIT: Jeremy Hunt pretends to accidentally leak confidential material. Mail readers don’t care; they just want the foreigners gone.  
TOP: David Davis now most popular Conservative MP. He should be Britain's Brexit PM!  
I expect that many countries will immediately recognize #Catalonia after the referendum and independence is declared! 
Happy anniversary of Brexit: 1776 Edition. 
The Brexit of 1776 was, and remains, the very best Brexit. 
Vote Leave campaign chief Dominic Cummings says the referendum was a “dumb idea”. Suck it up hobbits, we ALL lost  
#BREAKING #Catalonia to declare immediate #independence if 'yes' wins referendum 
I'd like to hear Vincent Cable rule out a "soft Brexit" coalition with the Tories, under someone like Hammond. 
A man who was so sure brexit was a good idea he wrote it on a fucking bus now thinks brexit is a bad idea. pic.twitter.com/5rBcShSbjT 
The #Brexit alliance:  Press barons + Hedge funds + Tory Right + fascists, racists & bigots + Jeremy Corbyn.#Remain #StopBrexit 
'Twas Brexit, and the slimy GoveDid lie, dissembling, in the MailAll flimsy was the case for LeaveAnd Remainers' wrath prevailed. 
Subway plans investment in Brexit Britain. 5,000 jobs, 500 new stores. Single Market not the be all and end all!   
"But that wasn't *true* Brexit. *True* Brexit will been awesome."Brexiteers as the fantasist Communist ideologue bores of the future. 
Hardline Brexiters desperately want the EU to fail as justification for Brexit. It's not happening. EU is now stronger, and we're weaker. 
One of the most scary things about Brexit is how LITTLE you hear it's mentioned in public. In restaurants and cafes, it's a taboo subject. 
Leave campaigners said we'd get 'Brexit dividend' of £10bn/ year for NHS etc. Official books show Brexit will cost ~15bn/year. That's a loss  
241 years ago today, the Declaration of Independence was signed in the greatest brexit of all time. 
Brexit minister Steve Baker claimed EU 'incompatible' with free society  
It's really important to understand how with this one comment Corbyn shot the #Remain campaign in the back #Brexit 
Biggest Brexit lie of all was Boris's: #NHS would be £350m a week better off. Actually no cash & a staffing crisis. 
Happy Brexit 1776 to all my American friends 
Considering the impact Brexit has already had on the lives of millions, I genuinely have no words for this   
Jeremy Hunt snapped flashing briefing notes that warn hard Brexit means doctors 'fleeing' UK 
REVIVAL: Brexit Britain to take back control of 200 mile exclusive fishing zone.  
Especially the meetings attended by brexit minister Steven Baker. You know, the one who said the EU should be broken up.  
Shows how dangerous the strategy (of Leave & May) to shut down Brexit debate was. Nothing thought through before #Art50 trigger. #wingprayer 
When you're forced to suppprt the rape clause, Brexit and a deal with the homophobic DUP you have to laugh, right?  
"The UK looks pretty clueless at the moment." That's Alastair Darling's assessment of the government's approach to Brexit #r4today 
#Brexit prompts skilled European workers to leave the UK. Number looking for work in Britain also falling.  @FT 
Just as we warned, the UK is scheduled to LEAD EU Battlegroups after Brexit in 2019.Still not been cancelled: 
The EU is an obstacle to free trade and incompatible with a free society  Well said. #Brexit 
Shouldn't they have hired Brexit researchers a bit earlier?  
When @PhilipHammondUK says thins, it's a shame #Brexit has already cut annual BoE trend growth assumption by 0.5pp and OBR by 0.2pp  
Depressing that UK eurosceptics are still trying to drag Ireland down with #Brexit Britain, when it's clear Irish gov't wants none of it.  
There’s something fishy about Michael Gove’s policy #fishing #brexit #Gove #Shambles 
Britain to take control of 200 miles of fishing waters, MEPs told   #Brexit 
Come on Chuka, stop messing around. #Brexit in any form will make austerity worse. Take courage and campaign to #StopBreixt.#Remain 
The people of Ireland want to stay in the EU at a rate of 88%. This is up from 80% in the single year since the Brexit referendum. 
Brexit Minister filmed spouting ultra-Hard Brexit ‘nonsense’ and calling for the EU to be ‘torn down’ >>  
I am in EU and was in a OEM past week and they have confirmed to me they are replacing UK suppliers with EU suppliers.. Isn't brexit FUN   
Now Hammond blames #Brexit for the public sector pay squeeze. No, really.  
Vote Leave campaign director says voting leave may have been an “error”#Brexit 
If the Brexit case is SO strong, supporters should be pushing for 2nd Referendum to strengthen Leave mandate? Why is this NOT happening? 
I know a few Lib Dems. They naively seem to think voting for them will somehow stop Brexit. If they enable the Tories again, they're history  
"the fiction that Britain will somehow be economically better off after Brexit looks more like a deliberate lie sold to a willing audience"  
This is where Britain currently stands with its Brexit deal. It's not good 
INVESTMENT: Subway planning to create thousands of new jobs in Brexit Britain. Yummy!  
The suggestion Brexit will lead to less, not more, regulation and state activity is, I fear, misconceived.Brexit will tend to be illiberal. 
How should businesses plan for a post #Brexit world? Join us on 7 July for our latest webcast:  #ClientwebcastPwC 
12.30 - Magic Money Tree in the Attic 1.00 - Brexit Bulletin Live 2.30 - A Commune In The Sun 3.00 - Come Mine With Me - From Durham Pit  
The Conservatives are hiding the extent of Russian corruption within the party and most British media is failing us. #brexit 
As I've said before, people who voted Remain answering yes to Qs like "Should the gov't get on with Brexit" does not mean they'd vote Leave.  
Overhead in the #GuyNewsroom "So our editorial line is we attack Hammond mercilessly on #Brexit and defend him to the hilt on the #Deficit?" 
The UK will be a "laughing stock" if it cannot police its fishing waters after Brexit, Admiral Lord West has warned.  
And so the Brexit disaster rolls inexorably on...our futures damned by the people we elect. Strange, isn't it?   
Off to my first @LordsEUCom to discuss amongst others consumer rights & protections post Brexit! How we can enforce rights if we are out? 
Our traditional Czech MEPs breakfast with non-traditional participants: the EP #Brexit negotiator @GuyVerhofstadt and our Slovak colleagues 
If the #EU referendum was held again today how would you vote?  
Below is a summary of Corbyn's #Brexit record. Secondly there is no time to wait for Godot/Corbyn.#Remain #StopBrexit 
This is exactly what I've been complaining about. The architects of Brexit are dangerously raving bonkers: 
As I said in Istanbul, before the referendum, whatever the outcome, it wld be the beginning of the end for the govt.  
Exactly brexit wasn't a left right issue at all. very conservative friends of mine were anti brexit while some on the left were pro brexit 
Uniquely, Ireland will have free movement to/from EU *and* UK, very attractive for international companies. Brexit a massive opportunity.  
This's precisely the prob. Until MPs prepd 2 speak truth re huge downside & stop focusing on hard/soft #Brexit Ppl won't C #NoBrexit option 
Brexit weekly briefing: cake off the menu as hard choices loom  
DUP secures farm funding for farmers across the UK #Brexit  
Dog's Brexit  
"We think your terrible Brexit approach might have lost you the election, Mrs May. What's your plan?""DESTROY EVERYTHING THEY HOLD DEAR"  
Brexit will fundamentally affect whether we can put an end to austerity, and is a bigger issue than any person or party. Me on @GMB earlier: 
Brexit prompts skilled EU workers to leave UK - The number of EU nationals looking for work here is also falling (£)  
If the EU referendum were held today Remain would win, poll shows  
12. So no, there is NO 'progressive' case for Brexit not matter how often St Jeremy and the Corbynistas sing from that bogus hymn sheet! 
ICYMI: @nick_clegg expertly laying out how to pull back from the hard Brexit cliff edge (£)  
It's not my Brexit that means we'll need to create a full house of bespoke regulatory regimes and management structures that go with them. 
8. Brexit has always been about the imperial delusion that Britons are better than others in any club - why UK hates being an equal in EU! 
We don’t have nearly enough vessels to police UK territorial waters & enforce fishing rights post Brexit 
My article in @FT today on how Britain should approach the #Brexit negotiations..  
I've been #Brexit my whole life but am most proud of the duplicitous role I played during the referendum which probably won it.  
Dear @vincecable, we don't need a cross party soft Brexit, we need hard Remain. Offer people a hard stop, say it loud, Brexit is a failure.  
We started the 2 yr A50 clockWe had a vanity GEBut we still don't have a #brexit opening positionCart & horse doesn't even come close  
17 #Brexit reports and counting – read the EU Cmttee’s review of the past year:  
Remain would win new Brexit vote if referendum were held today, poll reveals  via @LondonEconomic 
Exclusive: Footage captures Theresa May's new Brexit minister saying he wants the EU 'wholly torn down'  
Stopping immigration was the cold beating heart of the case for Brexit. Welcome to the consequences.  
I truly hate what has happened to this country. The referendum seems to have given voice to the bigotry of racist right wing idiots! 
#Brexit is "disastrous creature we should have seen coming but none of us acted to stop" Maltese PM tells European Parliament 
One year on & UK government still appears unable to properly discuss & settle key Brexit issues  
If you disrupt trade with another body "only a fool would say it won't have an effect on us," says Alastair Darling on Brexit #r4today 
Why let facts get in the way of #Brexit bigotry, Part 9999:  
This city is emerging as the main alternative to London for banks after Brexit  
Today the USA celebrate the Brexit of 1776. #Happy4thofJuly 
Brexit.  
Terrifying account of in-fighting at top of Whitehall over Brexit. Secrecy, chaos, and fear.  
Happy Brexit Classic day, Yankees. 
Ah yes, all that scaremongering.... UK manufacturers say Brexit uncertainty will force them to make cuts  
Even odder are those Tories who supported Brexit in name of abstract ideals ("sovereignty").  Again, Robespierre, not Burke. 
Demand a 2nd referendum. Britain was lied to by @michaelgove  & @BorisJohnson who have wrecked U.K. 
So what IS this great Brexit opportunity for pharma/NHS relations, #r4today & Pfizer bigging up? (hint - not good)  
"In some possible branches of the future leaving will be an error" - an exchange about Brexit with Dominic Cummings 
Superb detailed piece by FT. Brexit prompting skilled workers to leave UK & makes others disinterested in coming.  
Brexit = recession = austerity.You can't stop austerity unless you stop Brexit. 
People say you can't challenge a referendum result a year ago but are happy (rightly) to tell a government elected a few weeks ago to resign 
Happy Brexit 1776 day, American friends.  
Brexit is unequivocally stupid. Serves no point other than to appease sympathisers of a racist party that is now defunct. Economic suicide. 
Voters want the era of austerity to end. But Brexit may create another recession and another era of austerity.Be careful what you vote for. 
Thoughts on #Brexit and the future of our wildlife laws  
Vince Cable: I'm up for cross-party coalition on Brexit  
For both Labour and Tory, there is a gigantic elephant in the room in debate re pay cap, austerity, NHS, cuts. Brexit = shrinking economy 
Happy Original Brexit Day @Sargon_of_Akkad 
UK warned not to cut science and research links with EU after Brexit  
Their Brexit delusions could yet destroy the Tories | Polly Toynbee  
New poll: 70% turnout projected for Referendum on Catalan independence, 65.4%=YES  
If we remain in the EU and the European Medicines Agency, problem solved. #Brexit makes no sense.  
UK manufacturers close to “tipping point” where Brexit unknowns will force them to plan 4 worst & make painful cuts 
They call us Remoaners now. But after Brexit is stopped, we shall be EUphorics. 
New UK Brexit minister filmed calling for the destruction of EU, ignorantly saying it's an "obstacle" to peace  
Brexit 1776 is a go, I repeat Brexit 1776 is a go!#DogRight #4thofJuly #4thjuly2017 
UK manufacturers say Brexit uncertainty will force them to make cuts  
Celebrating the original BREXIT, 4th July 1776 - Happy Independence Day USA!  
I would still put my £ on #Brexit, but soft rather than hard. No Brexit is also a possibility, albeit slim. #postelection #badeconomy 2/2 
I have visited London 4 times in the past year. For the first time I leave with a panglossian feeling that Brexit might not mean Brexit. 1/2 
#WATCH In an embarrassment for Congress govt in Punjab, hoardings demanding freedom & referendum at the Fatehgarh Sahib have raised eyebrows  
Happy Brexit 1776. #July4 
Europe's leaders still want to ensure that a post-Brexit Britain is in a worse situation than full membership  
LOL and we just had a whole referendum on The Elites and then when he gets called out he's like YEAH? TALK TO ME WHEN YOU'RE THE GOVERNOR 
You, an idiot: "Brexit is so 2016"Me, an intellectual: "I'd say it's more like 1776" #FourthOfJuly 
If the EU referendum was a strike ballot we wouldn't be leaving the EU. The Tories pick the rules to suit their own agenda. #StopBrexit 
By 49% to 38% poll respondees tell Survation/Record poll that they're NOT confident that the UK government will secure a good Brexit deal 
Brexit: blood on their hands. No equivocation ... the EU is responsible for the Grenfell Tower fire.  #Brexit.  
If you tried to do everything possible to make Brexit negotiations fail, you would be unlikely to do as well as the UK government is doing.  
Liberal values still matter in our society. All too often the hard left & right offer intolerance. We need a kinder society. Oppose #Brexit 
Oops ...Investment in UK car industry plummets amid Brexit uncertainty  
Your weekly reminder.  #Brexit  
Sprry John, but you aren't "watching" the Brexit chaos, you're part of it.  
Voters are hungry for new politics – bring on a leftwing Brexit | Rachel Shabi  
This cracks me up every year. Who made this? #4thOfJuly2017 #brexit1776 #Brexit #Treason 
The Brexit vote was advisory, not legally binding. This leaves Britain in the custard on a sunny afternoon:  
Those people who haven't been born yet... I wonder what they'll think of us when they're our age.I doubt it will be kind.#brexit #trump 
I hope a journalist somewhere (@IanDunt perhaps?) is keeping track of all of the Brexit agitators who have backed away from the mess...  
Still makes us smile. How much would we all like to do this in the name of #Remain? @SebDance = hero. #StopBrexit #Brexit #McrStillLovesEU 
If the EU referendum were held today Remain would win, poll shows  
Nothing to do with polls.The evidence is #Brexit won't work, will bankrupt the country & be massively unpopular. So dropped or fudged.#Tough 
'Brexit is about the desire to be a bigger frog because the pond is smaller'  
Brexit has to prove itself, the wheels may well come off the whole enterprise yet...      
God squadding Brexit weirdo Steve Baker needs sectioning. Lock him up. 
Oh look #Newsnight Conservative Brexit minister linked to group that used loophole to channel £435,000 to #MayDUP  
The Brexit backtracking continues: incrementally, but steadily.  
Dear Labour & Tory Remain MPs,What are you more afraid of, your party whip or Brexit?#Remain 
Thank you for that, Dominic.With the Brexit debate so polarised, o wasn't expecting such honesty.It's appreciated 
"I am [X] that the UK government will secure a good Brexit deal for the UK":Confident: 38%Not confident: 49%(via Survation) 
Pic Of The Day: #HappyBirthdayAmerica, You’re The Original Brexit…  via @weaselzippers #RedNationRising #July4th 
Cost of Brexit in 2018-19: £15.4bn. There is an alternative to raising taxes.  
Faced by shifting public opinion, Tories will grasp 2nd referendum.Corbyn's Labour will be left as hard Brexiteers. 
If the Tories had any honour or concern for this country, they'd withdraw from govt b/c they are making a shambles of #Brexit 
When you email @GuyVerhofstadt, Leader of the Alliance of Liberals & Democrats for Europe to apologise for #Brexit, and he replies. #Remain 
You have to be kidding. This from Dominic Cummings, the Campaign Director of Vote Leave. Unsurprisingly nobody wants to own #Brexit anymore.  
That's same Brexit minister me and @AdamRamsay linked to CRC, arms trade, Equatorial Guinea and radical Tory fringes  
In which the architect of the Leave vote commendably says the referendum win could turn out to be an error.  Refreshing openness.  
#Remain'ers know the Tories can be beaten, so now the obstacle is the brexity roadblock otherwise known as Jeremy Corbyn#Brexit #StopBrexit 
Facts won't kill Brexit, or logic or commonsense: Brexit's immune to that stuff. But it will never withstand 20 months of British pisstaking  
Brexit was a fundamentally unfriendly act towards Ireland. You're a fool if you think the Irish would be stupid enough to follow England. 
The complexity of Brexit, coupled with May's loss of authority, seems to be scrambling conventional approaches to cabinet responsibility.  
Reminder: Prejudice against EU immigrants was a “major” deciding factor in the #Brexit referendum #Remain #Corbyn 
"Of course they are expensive. All EU migrants have left Britain and I'm picking them myself now, bloody hell!" #Brexit  
... note warns Big pharma of "legal repercussions" of Brexit including moving marketing authorisation/other functions from UK to EU or EEA 
Intriguing. 2 Cabinet ministers striking out for what would be 1st sector specific Brexit deal - for pharmaceuticals  
Questions we're not allowed to ask1.David Davis, how much has the Brexit dept cost?2.Boris, when will we see the first £350m for the NHS? 
Oh my, the Brexit lunatics have taken over the asylum."I think the European Union needs to be wholly torn down.” 
Astonising. Cabinet negotiations on what sort of Brexit we want now being conducted in the letters column of the @FT .. 
So true. There's no progressive case (left or centre) for Brexit, & as support for it falls @LibDems shouldn't falter in our aim for Remain 
Our Brexit Barometer sinks to the lowest level since the aftermath of last year's referendum  
Irexit now essential for Ireland's economic future and would solve NI Brexit border issue. What's not to like?  
If you can't grasp my tweet perhaps my #Brexit essays will give you a more precise idea of what I am talking about.  
All set to launch this bad boy in the morning, nearly 50 hours of meetings later, the Seanad #brexit report. Launching at 11am.  
Boris & Gove lay into Hammond over pay cap & City of London sends delegation to Brussels to negotiate own Brexit deal.The chaos continues. 
FINANCIAL TIMES; Top ministers push to keep EU pharma ties after Brexit #tomorrowspaperstoday 
German car sales are down 8% year to date and in other EU countries. Must be Brexit...yawn  
Compare @GuyVerhofstadt's reply to an individual citizen with the UK Gov's response to ScotGov's requests on #Brexit  
"No business will come back to the UK if we vote Brexit" the Remainers said"Cobblers", we saidWe were right!  
Don't tell me to join the Lib Dems - that's a state of mind, not a party - but I remain politically homeless. An orphan of the Brexit storm. 
We're not "undermining resistance" to Brexit by pointing out that the Labour Party does not currently OFFER any resistance to Brexit. 
BREAKING: Catalonia to declare independence within 48 hours if Yes wins the October 1 referendum. 
Exclusive: Footage captures Theresa May's new Brexit minister saying he wants the EU 'wholly torn down'  
The government says the UK is 'taking back control' of its fish ahead of Brexit  
Fab to see @jeremycorbyn reading #InLimbo: testimonies of EU27 & UK citizens affected by Brexit. Essential reading!  
UK Gvt under pressure:new poll shows 61% UK voters think Scottish Gvt should have formal role in Brexit negotiations  
How to solve the Brexit crisis  
We're Closed Tuesday, July 4 in Observance ofBrexit 1776 #corn #soybeans#wheat #oats Happy 4 th Tommy G 
For many Remainers Corbyn is not just part of the problem, post GE17 he is the main part of the problem.@Keir_Starmer @ChukaUmunna#Brexit 
Farage and his posters of dark skinned refugees queuing to enter the UK tapped into a primeval fear of all foreigners in many. #brexit truth 
Baiget out. Referendum in. 
Kurds need a unified voice to gain world support, says Trump advisor Walid Phares on planned independence referendum  
How The EU Referendum Was Hijacked  # via @HuffPostUKPol 
I hope this is real. @GuyVerhofstadt you give me hope.   Someone is looking out for us at least. Our gov has forsaken us. #Brexit 
Labour 2016: EU membership needed for jobs, growth, investment Labour 2017: Jobs first BrexitOne statement true, other is from this year  
.@Nigel_Farage says Michael Gove’s foreign fishing ban is the “best bits of Brexit news” he has heard  #FarageOnLBC 
Spot on fm @DanielJHannan at @IBTimesUK:Staying in #EU Customs Union post-Brexit would be disastrous for our trade 
Firms say Brexit strategy is not putting them first  
The common thread between Brexit and Corbyn is the dislike of the austerity practiced both in the EU and UK.  
Our Brexit Barometer has fallen to its lowest level since the aftermath of the referendum  
Macron: EU ‘Lost Its Way’, ‘Scepticism Justified’, Brexit ‘Symptom of Failure’ 
DUP and Tories need to explain links to shadowy Brexit funding group @M_AndersonSF #darkmoney 
Only plus-side to #Brexit - UK politicians will no longer be able to blame #EU for their own mistakes.In other words, our MP's lied to us. 
In order to fund public sector pay rises the govt must:A) borrow more moneyB) increase income taxC) use money set aside for Brexit Hmmm! 
I'm starting to suspect that Labour Brexit policy is actually thinly disguised Foreign Office policy from 'Yes, Prime Minister'…  
Brexit = Freedom. If in doubt, here's the Oxford English Dictionary definitionAbsence of subjection to foreign domination or despotic govt 
HEALTH: Government sells off NHS, refuses pay rises for nurses and forces down recruitment with Brexit. So guess who Mail readers blame…  
I am wary about  #brexit b/c its mandate was forged in the furnace of bigotry, ignorance and fear. 
Poundland employs more people than the entire UK fishing industry and has had to cope with 20% Brexit inflation  
Don't worry, I'll never give up. Brexit is a con based on deliberate deceit, irrationality, and a big dash of xenophobia. It must be stopped 
.Corbyn's days are numbered if he doesn't oppose Brexit. 
#Catalan #referendum law based on international treaties justifies unilateral action   #Catalannews #Catalonia #indy 
Show us #BiafraReferendum result like in Scotland and #Brexit.  
Conduct Referendum On Biafra, Don't Force Nigeria On Anyone -- PDP Chieftain Urges Federal Govt  
Brexit 'race card' linked to attack on niqab-wearing Muslim woman  
Nick Clegg: There is an obvious solution to the Brexit deal for freedom of movement of EU citizens  
Secretary of State @JBrokenshire lets DUP off hook on source of 'Dark Money' £400,000+ that bought its support for Brexit, says @moneillsf 
We are very near the stage where any government attempting any form of Brexit will be defying the will of the majority. How dare they? 
Good news but honestly @theresa_may is becoming a tragi-comic figure. Let's hope her next u turn is on #Brexit  
I have, however, good news for Cato: #Brexit won't happen. 
NB NB Read 'Guilty Men' by Cato - the 2017 version - profits to the Jo Cox Foundation. It damns those responsible for #Brexit, brilliantly. 
 ~ People should ask @Laurestar if the entire UK voted in the referendum on Scotland. #Biafra is unstoppable 
If you won't benefit from Brexit you shouldn't pay for those who will. Buggered if I am happy for my taxes to be used for this Fustercluck.  
We're falling back to 'The Poor Man of Europe' where we started before we joined EU Should ring alarm bells for people Need to Stop Brexit  
Yet more brexit lunacy #StopBrexit 
"Japan's second-biggest bank chooses #Frankfurt for its EU base after #Brexit"-@Brexit 
Survey: Scottish independence threat causing more economic damage than Brexit  via @telegraphnews 
Ireland 'may be better off' leaving the European Union after Brexit, think tank recommends  
My letter to @theresa_may spelling out how she could solve Comprehensive Sickness Insurance  problem for #EU nationals in UK before #Brexit  
He obviously thinks he is the only one suffering from the brexit downfall .. I love our Tap Water & can drink as much as I like  
Fascinating, but terrifying meeting re women's & equality rights post Brexit - EU generally goes further on parental, p/t, discrimination 
UK ministers call for post-Brexit co-operation with EU on drugs  via @FT Easier still: Remain 
All these heads who are accusing Corbyn's affinity for IRA are super quiet on Brexit tearing up the Good Friday Agreement. 
. @moneillsf says @JBrokenshire comments = pandering to DUP + "crassly" letting them "off the hook" over £400,000 Brexit donation 
We also love you. Some of us will relocate to the free land after the Referendum.We shall continue to support the struggle all the way.  
Join Allegheny County as we push to make history w/referendum for Voting Process Review Commission  #22kSignatures 
As good a piece as any you're likely to read about how Brexit transition could work in practice  
Brexit "dark money" to the DUP stays dark? Sure that's "strong and stable" just not transparent government for ya!  
Like Cameron,others reject call 4 #Brexit but still power belongs to the ppl #Biafrexit will decide not Igbo elites 
[remembers Civil War, realizes that Brexit has been a complete mess] boy do I have a great idea  
Lord West: We need more ships to enforce Brexit fishing rights  
Japanese cartoonist explaining brexit as someone who can't even put their glasses on right is pretty accurate tbh  
Original Brexit 1776 is tomorrow. APPLE PIE ALL DAY 
Time to put Brexit impacts in the public domain @UKLabour. History will not be kind to us if we conceal the facts. 
My piece: if there's public appetite for progressive politics, shouldn't we apply this thinking to Brexit, too?  
It's getting complicated. The #Brexit landscape   (UPDATED) 
Constructive Talks w @AmbSilliman on #KRG #US Relations, Erbil-Baghdad Ties, Post-ISIS Stabilization Efforts Referendum & Future Perspective  
one year on & BREXIT still hasn’t happenedIs it too late to say "we were only joking”or“Just take the old people”throw me a bone here 
So, for my lovely Mam, happy birthday, & (she's an ex-minister - God not cabinet - so watching language) screw Brexit. This is not over. 
With the Hon'ble PM  for launch of  the book 'Winning Partnership-India-UK Relations Beyond Brexit'. I wrote on future of strat relationship  
Independence offers level of security and certainty over Brexit, business owners comment  
UK’s former European allies desert it in a vote at UN as it battles to hang on to its outpost in Indian OceanBrexit 
I sometimes wonder about giving up the fight against Brexit.  I could play more guitar, focus on work, play with the wee boy more. 1/ 
Every one of them put the ideology of Corbyn & Hard Brexit before the economy. Before jobs. Before the poor.  
Good exchange b/w #PresidentBarzani @AmbSilliman on #Mosulops Post #ISIS era #Peshmerga #ISF cooperation #Erbil #Baghdad dialogue&Referendum  
French president Emmanuel Macron has announced Europe-wide public events later this year to reinvigorate the post-Brexit EU 
Strong support amongst British public to give EU nationals in UK the right to vote in general elections post-Brexit  
12 London firms moving to Dublin post Brexit. Hey Dubs, get ready to become Culchies, because ye will not be able to afford to live there 
Imagine if Howard had left Take That as he thought he could make it instead of Robbie. That's Brexit. We're Howard. We're all Howard 
Predicted by many of us Remainers during Ref. EU-Japan and South Korea FTA will inflict more damage probably unless soft Brexit is achieved  
Lord West warns UK risks "being made a laughing stock" as there are no Royal Navy ships left to police post-Brexit fishing waters. 
The Tories must change course on #Brexit negotiations. Read about our plan for a cross-party, four nation approach.  
A Role for the ECJ after Brexit? Much confusion about this so decided to write a blog.  
Macron says that "if necessary," he'll call a referendum to push through his reforms. What could go wrong?  
 #BREAKING - Macron to use referendum if reforms have not been voted by parliament within a year  
Wine, oranges, precious metals. South Africa's economy is larger than those of 17 of the EU27 countries. RSA wants a FTA with UK on Brexit. pic.twitter.com/g5azWN5E42 
More than a year after the referendum on EU confusion over where the UK is heading continues to deepen. Remarkable. 
U.S. funds are worried about Brexit, ECB actions and demographic challenges  
This can't possibly be happening, of course, because it's an article of the Brexit faith that the EU can't do trade deals.  
Entire #fisheries sector agrees  #sustainability is top priority post #brexit #agrifish @BD_Stew 
A copy of the book, 'Winning Partnership - India-UK Relations Beyond Brexit' was presented to the Prime Minister today. @manojladwa 
Was someone talking about a Green Brexit? Lawyers plan to stop UK dropping EU rules on environment after Brexit.  
Both the Labour Party & the Conservative's are pursuing a Brexit policy that risks hundreds of thousands of jobs across the country.  
The Highland Spring CEO voices concern over the uncertainty caused by the constant threat of a referendum & SNP nutters come to the fore. pic.twitter.com/WHSQ8c99ig 
Express reports that if we voted now, we'd vote to stay in "crumbling" EU. Lol, you want crumbling? Have a Brexit...  
Most Remainer MPs seem little better than sheep being herded by Murdoch, Dacre, Desmond & the Barclay brothers.#Brexit #StopBrexit #Remain 
Isn't the irony for gleeful Tories that their Brexit plan will remove every single subsidy altogether for ever...killing farming for many.  
UK originally scheduled for EU Presidency at this time. Now #Brexit reality - Ireland welcomes Estonia whilst we look on from the sidelines.  
Min @simoncoveney and Finnish FM Soini meet in Monaghan to discuss the impact of Brexit on local business and community  
If the EU referendum were held today, we would get a very different result   
We voted Labour to foul up the gears of Brexit. Chance of us voting for Corbyn against a remain party is zero. 
Brexit is stupid & WRONG @UKLabour @Number10gov 
Ireland 'may be better off' leaving the European Union after Brexit, think tank recommends  
Definition of political suicide:Getting involved in cross party #Brexit negotiationsLet the Tories take the full blame for their own mess 
The British car industry export value is £26 billion with 180000 employee directly & 640000 employed indirectly. Brexit threatens this.  
Lawyers plan to stop UK dropping EU rules on environment after Brexit  
Businesses are "fed up" with @NicolaSturgeon's quest for another divisive referendum, says boss of Highland Spring. 
Nurses leaving NHS in droves. Retirement, low pay, low morale, Brexit all blamed:  
honestly there are many reasons to be annoyed about Brexit but I'm mostly mad that I'm being made to care about fish 
Angry voices insisting anyone who isn't  against Brexit now must be  for 'hard Brexit' are undermining resistance  
Last time I hired a lab manager in 2012/13: 100 apps w dozens from EU. Apps from EU now: 3 & total apps down >75%. Science brace for #brexit 
I would like a referendum in the UK as to what the people want with Muslims in this country. None of uf asked for them to come here. 
'We won’t be ruled by the unelected' Nigel Farage ex aide slates liberal in blazing #Brexit row.  
As the government dithers over Brexit, the economy continues to slow.  
Japan's second-biggest bank chooses Frankfurt for its EU base after Brexit  
The PM is right to be prepared to walk away from talks if the EU demands an extortionate Brexit Bill  
EU/Japan will sign a trade deal this week. It will reduce tariffs on Japanese car imports by10%. @DavidDavisMP will Brexit deliver the same? 
More nurses leaving job than joining for 1st time in decade. Huge haemorrhage in EU nurses, w a decrease in 96% registering since referendum  
If more than half Leave voters & most Remainers would now pay for EU citizenship shall we just call time on Brexit? @LBC now. 
Busy old week in Strasbourg, and Brexit might just come up too...  
Brexit Bees are looking enviously at their EU neighbours where the EU is set to extend a ban on damaging...  
We @MuseumsAssoc have also signed this important statement on Brexit. There's still time for museums and individuals to add their signature.  
What Brexiters really fear is that the so-called 'Will of the People' can change. So they now oppose further democratic choice on #Brexit 
Approximately 10,000 fishermen in the UK. That's about 0.0038% of the working population. Same number of working milkmen. #fishing #Brexit 
This is where Britain currently stands with its Brexit deal. It's not good  
Remain would win if new Brexit vote were held tomorrow, poll finds  
Hitler & Mussolini believed that referendums should end debate on an issue. In a democracy debate and opposition go on. #StopBrexit #Brexit 
MT @MarieAnnUK This clueless man is leading the UK's #Brexit negotiating team. We're doomed. WATCH  @LeftFootFwd 
BBC newswatch couldn't find a single programme that covered potential benefits of Brexit. You are proud of the BBC but it's declined  
.@STVNews Independence offers level of security and certainty over Brexit, business owners comment  
Staying in the customs union after Brexit would be a disaster for Britain's trade | @DanielJHannan 
I'm a business and it doesn't reflect my opinion. Brexit is the BIG threat. Independence is an opportunity for businesses in Scotland.  
This from a Tory who was unaware of UK role broadband, of UK role in Scottish economy and thinks Brexit irrelevant. Oh dear 
EU slaps Britain with a wet fish after "unhelpful" withdrawal from 53-year-old pact  
Britain has dropped the #Brexit cake. But who wants cake? In the EU, we have a share in the entire bakery. Retweet:  
BREXIT SURGE: Britain's biggest firms shrug off uncertainty with sales boom  
WATCH: Irish diplomat questions Ireland's EU membership after Brexit, calls for #Irexit to ensure Anglo-Irish partnership stays strong.  
Brexit has prompted skilled European workers to leave the UK  
One of the few things to emerge from disastrous event. Brexit can still be stopped + @TheNewEuropean has vital role   
May has the upper hand in Brexit talks says UK-India business chief  
Wow #Biafrans IPOB nkpor Boycotting election Campaign has started in Anambara State, give IPOB #referendum or No election in Biafra land,  
Our Brexit Barometer has fallen to its lowest level since the aftermath of the referendum  
Hard #brexit is when we get what #UK wants: Free Trade, British courts, Border control, zero exit bill and no subs. #LeaveEU @DavidDavisMP 
By supporting #Brexit Corbyn, is in effect, giving his stamp of approval to the torrent of hate & lies that won the Brexit vote.#StopBrexit 
Remain 'would win Brexit referendum if held now' - The Telegraph  
"Why are you arguing that Ireland should leave the single market and the customs union?" @Jo_Coburn asks ex-ambassador @ray_basssett #Brexit  
I voted remain. Labour's position was clear in manifesto. Don't agree with the result of referendum, but it happened. Still support Corbyn. 
I’d love to know when the upside to Brexit is going to start.  
Should there be a referendum on the terms of the #Brexit deal?  #Poll #EU 
Sh Manoj Ladwa presents a book edited by him, “Winning Partnership-INDIA - UK Relations Beyond Brexit”, to PM,Sh @narendramodi,in New Delhi 
This idea that @jeremycorbyn's to blame for #brexit needs shutting down right away.Blame lies solely with @David_Cameron & @Conservatives. 
Some useful myth-busting about the role of the EU in fishing regs, and why Brexit won’t mean taking back control of this sector (or others).  
People start to clock what Brexit means.  
Some UK Brexiteer MEPs never let facts get in the way of a good story! I'm confident Ireland will not follow Brexit nor reassociate with UK!  
Not sure voters voted Brexit for a brighter future. I suspect they voted for Brexit out of a visceral, press-induced hatred for Europeans 
The #EU want to delay #Brexit by 1 year & charge us for it! walk away now we don't need a deal  #BBC #SKY #TORY #UK 
Biz leaders prepare to send delegation to Brussels with post-Brexit free trade deal proposal for financial services  
#BrexitShambles British officials drop 'cake and eat it' approach to negotiations. Need more Brexit truths asap! 
First The Vow, now "nice soft Brexit within the UK". The Record really does love clinging to its fantasies.  
By not opposing #Brexit Corbyn cannot attack the transatlantic web  of power & money that helped Leave win its narrow majority.#StopBrexit 
UK-wide poll shows support for Scottish Government to have say in Brexit negotiations reports @Daily_Record #Brexit  
"Investment in UK car industry plummets amid Brexit uncertainty"  - down nearly 75% on 2 years ago. Gulp. 
Honoured to present #WinningPartnership India UK Relations Beyond #Brexit to PM Modi. Great & incisive discussion.  
MPs Who were elected Have to swear allegiance to their country They Haven't got the powers trusted in them to give away our Sovereignty 
Good to see @jeremycorbyn is reading #InLimbo, a compilation of stories how #Brexit has transformed our lives. Love to hear his feedback.   
Pound falls for first time in 9 days as manufacturing expands more slowly than expected  
Lawyers plan to stop UK dropping EU rules on environment after Brexit | Environment | The Guardian  
The Tories have decimated & divided Britain, leaving Brexit to them will destroy us  via @EvolvePolitics 
GE result means there is no mandate for an extreme Brexit. The Govt now needs to get the message. Sign our petition:  
UK will not be part of this new Japanese trade deal after Brexit ☞ EU leans toward big concession on autoparts  
Fury as students ‘openly boast of voting TWICE’ for Corbyn’s Labour - rules review called 
Brexit: Nearly 60% of Leave voters would now pay to retain EU citizenship | The Independent  
A perfect storm's hitting our NHS workforce - pay cap, working conditions, Brexit- & it's unsustainable #scrapthecap 
Just in case you don't want to believe it. It as an Advisory Referendum and therefore requires ratification  
More than 1,100 pieces of EU legislation relate to the environment #Brexit  
Britain's manufacturing slows more than forecast, raising doubts about the economic outlook  
UK risks becoming 'dumping ground' for plastic after Brexit.Environment needs to be kept central in this process! 
I am old enough to remember Brexit as a hedge against economic weakness in the euro-area. 
The suggestion is not that the government is deliberately self-sabotaging Brexit.More that it would be indistinguishable if they were.  
Davis Not Going Soft: Still Backs Ending ECJ Jurisdiction | Hammond, DD, Boris Agree on Brexit Red Lines  pic.twitter.com/qGO2gc87w2 
Leave voters willing to pay to keep EU citizenship. Bizarre really, but shows how mixed up the referendum really was  
Brexit is like when you ran away as a child, hid behind the shed, cried, regretted & came home, but this time your family change the locks. 
Soft Brexit = Doing what is best for the EU not the UK> Putting the interests of the EU before the UK = Remain Traitors 
Martin Schulz: "I refuse to imagine a Europe where lorries and hedge funds are free to cross borders but citizens cannot"#Remain #Brexit  
Reasons are obvs wider than Brexit - but Brexit will exacerbate this crisis ('economy sneezes, NHS catches a cold') 
When Brexiteers say "it's very simple" it never is. These things are enormously complicated which is why Brexit negotiations are going badly 
The British car industry has enjoyed a renaissance in recent years. Brexit uncertainty appears to have halted it  
Fishing = 0.4% of GDPMost of it is exported to EU We import most of fish we eatBrexit will be a disaster for fishing4 minutes research  
Brexit is destroying the Welsh economy - and all you chumps do is talk about exporting jam and wave a Union Flag around@WelshConserv 
Goldman Sachs and HSBC are sticking to predictions that the pound will fall to $1.20  
Approximately 100% of things "UK can do after Brexit" are things we do now, have never tried to do or have resisted EU efforts to implement 
If the EU referendum were held today Remain would win, poll shows  
How young people abroad view the UK before and after Brexit (short video):  
"The people who got women equal prize money at Wimbledon should be negotiating our Brexit deal" 
The biggest Brexit-related problem British employers face is the loss of access to skilled European workers  
Lawyers plan to stop UK dropping EU rules on environment after Brexit  
2 great things about Brexit1. Can only be fudged with indefinite 'transitional' arrangement.2. Is destroying the Tories.#LoveBrexit  
And "among 247 from the EU leaving, nearly a third said Brexit was encouraging them to work abroad" 
Gove is smart enough to know Tories benefit from ensuring a large proportion of the population remains under-educated. Hence Brexit  
We've all been paying for their mistakes for seven years, did I say mistakes? I meant lies....Tory lies. 
More than one million foreign workers are preparing to leave Britain because of Brexit  
People ask: "What do you really think about #Brexit, Jez?"... and I say: "Whatever you want to hear". 
Where were all the parties and celebrations on June the 24th? None, because 'the people' know brexit is a really really bad idea. #remain 
Insiders say that government is coming to accept significant compromises will have to be made to achieve #Brexit 
ICYMI: "Remain would win Brexit referendum if held now"  
Realism bites!False claims of brexiteers put them on a pedestal with Brexit voters which they're about to fall off. 
Tories claimed they could have Brexit cake & eat it;Now dawning on them,we either have sovereignty or trade access, not both #BrexitShambles 
3. Gove & Johnson, the cheerleaders of Leave, are pushing hard to lift the pay cap, because they know how toxic austerity is to Brexit. 4/4 
It is the city's latest bid to lure international banks seeking an EU base after Brexit  
Theresa May: I can't do the debate lads, I'll be working on a great Brexit plan.EU officials: We have never met more unprepared people. 
Whatever the pay rise that May finally gives public sector workers, will it be higher than the inflation caused by Boris/Gove Brexit vote? 
Further discrimination against EU nationals. @CPWTweets only accepting UK/Irish documents as proof of identity. #Brexit happened already?  
Brexit: British officials drop 'cake and eat it' approach to negotiations  
Banks in the U.K. could be on the hook for $17.1 billion to relocate certain activities to Europe post-Brexit  
My latest blog reflecting on a memorable four years in London - from a joyful 2014 State Visit to a sad #Brexit.  
@Keir_Starmer @jeremycorbyn Why don't MPs act in best interests of UK? Brexit is so clearly insane. Suffering is going to be immense.  
'Ban cruel foie gras in UK after Brexit' says Ab fab's Joanna Lumley  
Brexit isn’t a ‘have cake and eat it’ situation. It’s a ‘have cake & throw it on the floor and stomp on it with heavy boots’ situation. 
Why Brexit is DODGY.... Hiding behind 'will of the people' is dereliction of duty by MPs. Best interest of UK #StopBrexit @StopBrexit17  
'She has options' UK-India business chief insists Prime Minister@theresa_may  has upper hand in Brexit talks  
Lawyers plan to stop UK dropping EU rules on environment after Brexit  
Lawyers plan to stop UK dropping EU rules on environment after Brexit  
Newspaper headlines: UK 'ditches cake and-eat it Brexit stance'  
I propose a 'Replacement Bus Service Brexit', where everyone moans like fuck then gets on board because they've no other choice. 
Public calls by Gove & Johnson are nothing to do with concerns for public sector pay. It's to destabilise Philip Hammond, who's soft Brexit. 
British officials drop 'cake and eat it' approach to Brexit negotiations  
Britain drops its Brexit bravado and says Theresa May will listen  
EXC: New poll shows clear majority of UK voters think Scottish Government should have formal role in Brexit talks.  
The U.K. drops its Brexit bravado as Hammond tells CEOs May will listen to their concerns  
Boris 'jump on the bandwagon' Johnson...Yes. Do lift it but pay for it by cancelling Brexit and saving the economy 
Sir Vince Cable telling more lies about Labour wanting a hard Brexit #r4today He knows very well @UKLabour  prioritises jobs & the economy. 
About time both Labour and Conservatives emerged from Brexit fantasyland  
Sumitomo Mitsui chooses Frankfurt as its EU base following Brexit  
Monday briefing: 'Cake and eat it' Brexit turns stale  
As the #Brexit dream starts to crumble the hysteria from the Leave camp rises, the hostility is only just beginning. They'll blame #remain. 
We already have a free-trade deal with the EU. #Brexit makes no sense.  
David Davis: “There will be no downside to Brexit, only a considerable upside." The People: "Pull the other one." (). 
"Brexit deal..accepting the inevitability of a painful trade-off between market access and political control"  
On @TalktoAlJazeera: Britain's Labour Party leader @jeremycorbyn talks to us about Brexit, Yemen and the Gulf crisis  
Uh oh, Daily Mail readers. Some unintended #brexit consequences coming your way.  via @MailOnline 
May walk away from EU if Brussels demands a monster Brexit payment. Westminster. #ma4t 
More a consequence of Tory indecision and dithering than Brexit. Could have removed uncertainty immediately by having a plan.  
Hyslop heads for Dublin to strengthen anti-Brexit alliance  
More reasons why Brexit is bad. Britain's former colonies don't support it in international disputes.  
Exactly what I've been fearing since UKIP and Brexit started to gain traction.  
"Brexit is bad. It will always be bad. There is no version of Brexit that can ever be anything but bad."  
The "have our cake and eat it" #brexit route has been dropped in favour of the "hope we get a few crumbs" approach 
The lot of them need to be added to the financial terrorist watch list. Objective - turn U.K. into a post Brexit, deregulated tax haven! 
Winning the Brexit way.  
#Brexit:poll finds 60% of Brits want to keep EU citizenship...but you cant have your cake and eat it. #BrexitShambles 
Globe editorial: Trump, Brexit, hung parliaments… This is why voting matters  @GlobeDebate 
What a difference a #brexit makes  
Brexit minister linked to secretive group that channelled £435,000 into DUP's Leave campaign  
This piece by @RobertsDan on how the Treasury is pushing UK govt towards a softer Brexit is well-informed:  @CER_EU 
Businesses 'fed up' with push for second referendum  
#twip Anybody know when  the promised referendum on water is due to be held.? 93% of citizens are waiting.! 
*Brexit Shambles*  
Our local takeaway has just launched the Brexit burger, unfortunately they don't know how to deliver it 
.If we get Brexit even when we vote LabourThen we MUST vote for a different party in the next GESNP, Greens, Plaid or Lib Dems.  
Does Northern Ireland now hold the key to a successful #Brexit negotiation? @RANDEurope's James Black weighs in: 
47% of high-skilled EU workers are considering leaving #Brexit Britain #Remain #StopBrexit 
History will view Brexit fall-out as a battle of truth versus falsehoods, deceptions and downright lies. Both sides have twisted that 
Totally... or we could just abandon Brexit Shambles of course.  
A short post by me, which is more-or-less this screenshot.Nothing more to say on Brexit really. 
Why are the public figures who openly support Brexit the people I couldn't stand before I even knew their views on Brexit? 
Great Sunday #longread on Catalonia’s referendum, independence & identity in a resurgent age of nationalism.  
.RT for a referendum for land expropriation without compensation to return stolen land to Africans @ANN7tv @MYANC @Our_DA @EFFSouthAfrica 
The UK govt messed EU citizens here around for a year before making a substandard offer. Brexit going nowhere fast: 
More work, less money and 140k EU nurses worried about their #citizensrights post Brexit. Anyone surprised they leave in droves?  
Half of Britain's highly skilled EU workers are considering leaving soon, Deloitte report says#Brexit  via @business 
The Tories have decimated & divided Britain, leaving Brexit to them will destroy us | EvolvePolitics 
Brexit Brits are new heroes of Swiss as they slam brakes on bullying EU trade deal  
'Ban cruel foie gras in UK after Brexit' says Ab fab's Joanna Lumley  
GUARDIAN: UK ditches its 'cake and eat it Brexit stance #tomorrowspaperstoday 
The Govt's Brexit negotiations promise to be fiendishly difficult. And, once agreement is reached, it then needs to get a deal with the EU. 
There is no such thing as hard or soft Brexit.  
Three things about BrexitNew short post at Jack of Kent:  
WE NOW GO LIVE TO BREXIT  
City of London, not ready to risk mayhem, is seeking post-Brexit free-trade deal with Brussels - via @hendopolis @FT 
CITY AM: Hammond moves to reassure top bosses over Brexit strategy #tomorrowspaperstoday 
With its offshore tax havens, Britain is the world's number 1 tax haven, and #Brexit is intended to keep it that way  
Nobody saw this coming. Nobody British officials drop 'cake and eat it' approach to Brexit negotiations  
Our #Brexit divorce options are now (1) moving into the spare room and doing what we're told; or (2) skyping the kids at Christmas. 
Meet new #Brexit minister Steve Baker, a man mired in a dodgy past of arms deals and #climatechange denial.  
Britain should pay for underprivileged foreign students to study in UK after Brexit, says academic  
Guardian front page, Monday 3 July 2017: UK ditches its 'cake and eat it' Brexit stance  
Brexit.  
Brexit offers the U.K. an opportunity to forge new, mutually beneficial trade relationships  
Is the UK ready for a change?We sit with Jeremy Corbyn to talk about Brexit, Theresa May and Grenfell Tower  
FINANCIAL TIMES: City of London to press Brussels for post Brexit free-trade deal #tomorrowspaperstoday 
Brexit is going well  
Theresa May 'could walk out on Brexit talks in 6 MONTHS' to show EU she means business  
No French or Spanish boats in our waters! Michael Gove to ban foreign fishing post Brexit  
As always... vote, retweet & follow Which party has the most coherent position on #brexit ? 
This quote from 28 Days Later perfectly captures my concerns with Brexit  
A hard #Brexit would mean taxes on business & wealth would have to be slashed to attract investment, so wrecking the welfare state.#Corbyn 
On Brexit, the People are speaking. Sick of the lies & the state of this country, they're  speaking till they're blue and red  in the face. 
Telegraph reports Remain 'would win Brexit referendum if held now'Circulation falls as readers have heart attacks. 
One by one, the chickens will come home to roost. A dawning reality: The cake was always pie in the Brexit sky.  
#Brexit plan is so bad it will devastate the rights of every British person  resident in the EU. Sacrificial lambs. 
Is Brexit happening? It doesn't look like it to me.  
Brexit minister linked to secretive group that channelled £435,000 into DUP's Leave campaign  
Do u know the massive impact of #brexit on your design & copyrights? We fully support @acid_tweets event 18 July  
Hypothesis: #Brexit has become a "runaway project" but our leaders would rather take us off a cliff than backtrack. 
Need #22KSignatures in Allegheny County, PA to push referendum for Voting Process Review Commission  
More than one million foreign workers are preparing to leave Britain because of Brexit  
#AwfullyBritishBibleQuotes The seventh angel sounded his trumpet, signaling the beginning of Brexit negotiations. 
She said the BBC should get behind Brexit and show more patriotism. Given how much the public fund the @bbc that's a fair point. 
My pro-#Brexit stepfather thought that the #EU was stopping us from calling sprouts, 'Brussel sprouts'. I can only apologise on his behalf. 
Half of Britain's highly skilled EU workers "are considering leaving in next 5 years"  
Bank of England may need to start raising interest rates soon, Mark Carney says  
Brilliant: on eve of #Wimbledon, Matt @Telegraph on #Britain & #Brexit.  
Leader of HM's Govt & the Leader of the Opposition have one thing in common. They're both willing to see Brexit destroy this country. 
We were warned UK didnt have nough qualified staff prior to Brexit. But hey whenever did numpties like @DavidDavisMP et al ever listen? 
#BrexitWrecks full stop. The only good Brexit is no Brexit #StopBrexit now 
KRG’s EU Mission's @DelavarAjgeiy asks #EU parliament to support #Kurdistan’s #independence referendum#TwitterKurds 
‘To beat #Brexit, we need to think big about #Britain’ Please read and share @Jon_Danzig’s article:  
May's Brexit plan will hit rights of Britons abroad, campaigners tell EU  
"The Govt will announce on Monday that it is withdrawing from the London Fisheries Convention." BREXIT is under way.  
How to govern as a Conservative Govt.1. Cut taxes for all. 2. Push for fast complete Brexit. 3. Shrink dependency culture. 4. Iron borders. 
Working people were lied to about a cake-and-eat-it Brexit. Will no-one mitigate the effects of those lies?  
.DAFT Brexit Britain!Maybe more fish but fewer markets to sell it to?"Britain exports 62% of catch to EU". 
Theresa May could walk out of Brexit negotiations to prove a point at home  
if the Tories and right-wing press engineered a referendum to restore the death penalty, would Corbyn have to respect the result?#Brexit 
this is a lie. #Brexit campaigners were falling over themselves to say we wd STAY in Single Market. #BBC shd stop promoting #Brexit  
The EU has more democratic barriers to the abuse of power than Britain. #Remain #StopBrexit #Brexit  
BREAKING: UK withdraws from Common Fisheries Agreement, TAKING BACK CONTROL of our waters  via @Your Brexit 
Sorry Leavers, you were had by a bunch of charlatans- the choices are 'no control' soft Brexit or 'no economy' hard  
Ouch. Gove’s idiocy gets the response it deserves. #brexit  
I expect Jeremy as he realises the young don't buy Brexit will move. Problem is G Brown left-overs (incl whips) who are anti-EU  
Corbyn dealt a blow as his hard Brexit stance alienates allies in key Parliamentary vote. Read the full story:  
We won't be backing anyone in Labour apart from those who rebel against @jeremycorbyn and his Brexit delusion.  
Labour Values & EU Values #SpotTheDifference - not much.....struggling to understand how @UKLabour can want #Brexit#StopBrexitHour @nusuk 
Policeman faces sack for stating anyone offended by poppy should ‘pack their bags and f**k off’  via @Your Brexit 
Dear @BBC,12 months have passed & your campaign against #Brexit & Britain STILL goes on.Relentlessly.Shamefully. 
Labour brexit policy, if unopposed, will devastate the lives of working people. Its rationale is doctrinaire Socialism In One Country. 
Well, Lord Adonis rips into Brexit... counting the wheels as they fall off the Brexitshambles bus. Good video.  
Scientists and artists unite : Break Brexit Before Brexit Breaks Britain  @no10vigil #fuckbrexit #No10Vigil 
A reckoning on Brexit is inevitable. Fudging the issue now simply makes it more brutal  
"Stop Brexit" has now become the favourite answer of respondents in Survation's tracker on the Customs Union.Data:  
Pretending Brexit won't leave UK poorer is disingenuous. Time @UKLabour came clean with people about #CostsOfBrexit 
Already - but soon to be more so - the party political gains lie in promising a softer, Second Referendum, or no Brexit.  
This must worry T. May & J. Corbyn: reality is that many see Brexit beginning to reveal it's true disastrous self. 
British officials drop 'cake and eat it' approach to Brexit negotiations  
Fishermen fear (another) Tory betrayal on fishing, with #Brexit pledge masking sellout on 200-mile zone worth £6.3bn  
HUGE POLL-IF VOTE RETWEET! How will #EU cope with the £10 billion+ deficit each year after #brexit without the UK? #yourvoice #followback 
Really sorry you feel that way, but poverty and austerity will be worse with any brexit. Brexit is very much today's argument. 
#Brexit is bad for people AND animals. #StopBrexit #StopBrexitNow #StopBrexitHour @StopBrexitParty @spaceangel1964 @StopBrexitNow @EUlvis 
Why watching @kraftwerk live will make you feel extra gutted about Brexit  
Remain sanity is trying to break through the deluge of media Brexit madness that is constantly propagated on TV and in the print press ...  
Enough of this 'hard' and 'soft' nonsense. Are any MPs actually taking the position that we must STOP Brexit stone cold? @DavidLammy 
Hordes of social media goons telling Remainers that Corbyn is against Brexit, despite the man's own words and deeds. Same game both sides. 
No one knows how Brexit is going to work. @adamboultonSKY on "the reckoning", Sunday Times £ 
What a 1951 book about totalitarianism can teach us about Trump, Brexit and the dangers of isolation:  
HUGE VOTE-IF VOTE RETWEET! Should the UK keep #EU Citizenship after #Brexit? #yourvoice #followback 
Hats off to @jeremycorbyn, fooling the yoof into thinking you stand for 'soft brexit' when you've been a brexiter for 40 years was genius 
Will someone ask @Keir_Starmer  if #Brexit deal doesn't satisfy 6 tests and is defeated in Parliament, what happens next? @BBCNews @SkyNews 
Such intellectual agility on display on the Left! The energy expended in on avoiding a simple truth: Corbyn's Brexit will hurt the poor. 
Leo leads Micheál on top four issues. More uncertainty around Brexit. Support for Micheál among SF supporters.  
It time for @UKLabour to wake up from the Brexit fantasy. The people don't want Brexit. They have changed their minds. #StopBrexit 
*8th is repealed after a referendum*RTÉ: another great victory for the pro life movement 
UK cannot survive divisions caused by Brexit, Austerity, Democratic Deficit & lack of coherent devolution of powers to the 4 nations. 
Labour opposes a hard Brexit that would jeopardise the future prosperity of the British fishing industry-@SueHayman1 
#Brexit: EU leaders says UK offer on #citizensrights could 'worsen situation' 
Policeman faces sack for stating anyone offended by poppy should ‘pack their bags and f**k off’  via @Your Brexit 
May's Brexit plan will hit rights of Britons abroad, campaigners tell EU  
This is the man we're going to have to go begging for deals with after Brexit. Just FYI.  
Jo Swinson,one of many unionists who tried to scare people off Indy. Brexit will allow networks to charge again #BetterTogether #projectFear 
Labour’s Brexit stance betrays its voters, says @OliverKamm  
.@RichardBurgon Labour would campaign for, & in government deliver, a 'jobs first' Brexit. We want a more equal society with high wage jobs  
BREAKING: Catalan leader insinuates that Catalonia will declare independence immediately if Yes wins the October 1 referendum. 
Brexit isn't a done deal. You can make a difference. Britain has to much to lose by leaving the EU. Support #Remain and oppose #Brexit  
Brexit minister linked to secretive group that channelled £435,000 into DUP's Leave campaign  
Britons would 'vote Remain if Brexit referendum was held again'  
Have you noticed that Leavers don't defend Brexit on its own terms now? They just say that it is "the will of the people". #BrexitShambles 
Fishermen to regain 12-mile zone around the coastline under post-Brexit plans to “take back control” of our fishing  
Brexit's aftermath pic.twitter.com/NOYDMGins0 
**PLEASE RETWEET POLL**JUST OVER A YEAR ON FROM THE REFERENDUM, HOW WOULD YOU NOW VOTE ON BREXIT? 
Experts predict house prices could plummet by up to 40 PER CENT due to Brexit and wage drop  
Poll says Remain would win easily if the EU referendum was held tomorrow 
Many voted labour to remove conservatives, it was not a vote for Brexit  
The UK does not need to spend another 2 years negotiating Brexit & paying billions in EU fees.Quit now & offer the EU a free trade deal only  
The Brexit minister, the DUP & dodgy Brexit donations. At least we know where the DUP's most recent £1b comes from.  
.@skwawkbox was again weeks ahead of the mainstream media, posted this about the DUP's brexit shenanigans 3 weeks ago  
Brexit could have 'catastrophic' effect on Britons' access to life-saving drugs  
RT if you agree - I'm totally traumatised by #Brexit - please  make it stop so I can stop tweeting relentlessly and get on with my life? 
The media have completely failed to hold politicians to account on #Brexit and to explain complex issues to the public. 
People are waking up to what Brexit will cost them personally. I believe the elite brexiters will not be forgiven. 
Public's shift against Brexit continues. Those pro-Brexit or 'accepting of Brexit' politicians will find they're increasingly out of touch  
BREXIT: New Survation poll gives Remain a 8% lead, meaning for the first time Enemies of the People outnumber Heroes of the Commonwealth. 
#PresidentBarzani thanked outgoing #Dutch Amb in #Iraq @NLinIQ for his service & discussed #NL #EU & #KRG ties, Referendum & the way forward  
By the end of this year, Cambodia's economy will be larger than Cyprus'. Cambodia wants a bilateral free trade deal with the UK, post-Brexit pic.twitter.com/kNsjYCg73R 
The world’s cartoonists on this week’s big deals: Brexit, Google and The Donald  
Brexit: Nearly 60% of Leave voters would now pay to retain EU citizenship 
Corbyn did not call for a referendum. Direct your blame at the Tory's! Labour are trying to respect everyone's vote. It isn't just about You 
Welcome to the fold Frances. Brexit is a con from start to finish  
It's invented threats like this that typify Brexit. This was never going to happen, not least because we could say no. 
Brexit minister linked to group that used loophole to channel £435,000 to DUP  
We cannot risk waiting with fingers crossed in what might be the vain hope that Corbyn is playing some kind of long game#Brexit #StopBrexit 
Labour folk should understand that if Labour does not change #Brexit position very soon #Remain'ers will have to dump it as a lost cause. 
Am getting fed up of this #brexit crap. It is xenophobic, divisive and largely racist.It's not about taking back control and it never was. 
More semantics bullshit from Labour who now class ending FOM and leaving SM as soft Brexit. They treat us like fools  
Image perfectly sums up #Brexit supporting Tories. Sad, melancholic, white men of a certain age, yearning for a return to the days of Empire  
Britain is warned it must comply with hundreds of EU regulations and rulings after Brexit  
Corbynistas believe that by changing the semantics of hard Brexit, they can somehow change its effects as a policy. That's pure Stalinism. 
Estonia offers single market access for €100 as #Brexit insurance for UK entrepreneurs. My report in @thesundaytimes 
Brexit causing U.K. property crash... Ha Ha Ha...   
When I asked Brits if Brexit was worth a property collapse, they all said 'yes'. HAHaHa...   
The new Brexit minister took cash from the arms companies while running group promoting them to MPs by @AdamRamsay:  
So @Highland_SpringAs your CEO Les Montgomery pushes #brexit& is against #Scottish #indy@aldiUK do really nice water for 30-35p/litre 
Yeah. Bollocks, mate. No FM = no SM = hard Brexit. Pretending it doesn’t is a clear and spectacularly simple Labour hypocrisy. 
Where is this daft "Labour Hard Brexit" stuff coming from? Labour's Six Tests completely and specifically rule out Hard Brexit. 
"If you didn't vote for Brexit, you should be able to remain an EU citizen..."  
Brexit is the worst decision Britain has EVER made. 
Billionaire who claimed "Brexit would make us richer" creates hundreds of jobs – in Asia  via @LondonEconomic 
My focus is as much on Corbyn hard Brexit as May’s at the moment. The hypocrisy quotient is higher in Labour at the moment. 
No matter how much 'The people have rejected Theresa Mays Hard Brexit' is said, it gets no truer. Stella Creasy on #marr latest to tell lies 
Brexit Good News so far: can deport 5,000+ EU prisoners; reclaim our fishing waters to 200 miles EEZ (= £bns fish); ban live animal exports 
The Brexit referendum was a really bad idea  
Looks like the Tories are scrambling to control agenda as public opinion begins to turn against Brexit  
On Thursday the Queen’s Speech was passed, so now we can get on with delivering Brexit, writes @andrealeadsom 
Labour made its biggest gains in #Remain areas, now Corbyn is seriously pissing-off many Remain voters#Brexit #StopBrexit 
Britons would 'vote Remain if Brexit referendum was held again'  
People who voted for Brexit because of 'fishing' probably shouldn't be trusted with anything sharper than a plastic spoon. 
I didn't vote for Corbyn and his policies. I voted Labour to stop May's #Brexit. I won't do so again 
. #Boom with the Truth... The first #Brexit --->  
'Investment in UK car industry plummets amid Brexit uncertainty'Who cares? We'll just catch more fish! 
Why our disinterest in constitutions is taking Britain down - from Brexit to the Murdochs        
In response to closing the English fishing grounds after #Brexit, the #Redlight district Amsterdam will be closed for English #stagparty's 
The question of the single market or hard Brexit falls into nothing as we slip back into our consumer selfs. We are stapled to brands. 
.@joswinson says @libdems have put a very clear marker down that people should have a say on #brexit deal and time will prove us right. 
Neonicotidoid legislation #Brexit impact on bees pollinators on #bbcsp east with @gavinshuker @tonyjuniper  #BanNeoNics #SaveOurBees  
THREE elections with dodgy spends with same YBF group: 2010, Battlebus and now Brexit: three is not coincidence  
Cofused why many anti-Brexit and pro-Corbyn people aren't critical of Corbyn on Brexit. Ok to criticise people you support. You're meant to. 
These are the people keeping #brexit alive.  
Brexit won't make a difference, they said.They'll have to buy our cars, they said.UK carmaker investment down 75%  
- near daily sexist gaffes- "join the eurozone"- Lib Dem policy on Brexit- made up anti-refugee stories- bizarre lies about random stuff  
As much as I complain about how May is handling Brexit, it has become painfully clear that Corbyn would, if anything, be even worse. 
HUGE POLL-IF VOTE REWEET!Who has the more coherent position on #Brexit? #yourvoice #followback 
'There is no attempt to stop us writing about Cabinet divisions over #Brexit'. @SamCoatesTimes tells #Brexitcast.   
Theresa May could walk out of Brexit negotiations over EU's divorce bill  
Does this also apply to Brexit? If you won't benefit from Brexit you shouldn't pay for those who will...?  
A member of EU's Brexit negotiating team @gualtierieurope says the EU is "not looking for fines" but a "commitment to be paid" #bbcsp 
Wimbledon can't get strawberries!#Takebackcontrol#sovreignty#brexit 
More countries will join euro and EU will soon raise its own taxes - MEPs negotiator Roberto Gualtieri. That'll help reverse Brexit  #bbcsp 
Italian socialist MEP confirms #EU will exploit #Brexit to grab more power fm m/states & levy EU-wide direct taxes.Colour me shocked#bbcsp 
Why @ChukaUmunna was right to table the Single Market Amendment even if Corbyn is a "soft Brexiteer"#IN #Brexit 
And here was me thinking #Brexit meant taking control of 200 miles of water not six  
'Mustn't groan about Brexit..... 'He hasn't stopped groaning about it for the last flippin' year!  
#Democracy is about… changing your mind. #Britain is changing its mind about #Brexit. Please share:  
Look at Corbyn's silence on Assad & Putin's crimes in Syria, his blaming of Putin's war in Ukraine on NATO, then join the dots with #Brexit 
Both Britain and the EU will lose out unless a Brexit deal is reached, BMW's CEO says  
I totally support this and encourage young people to make your voices get heard loudly re #Brexit options  
Nobody's mocking how he expresses himself. Accusing people of treason because they disagree with Brexit is pretty mockworthy, though. 
MAY WALK AWAY- UK could leave negotiating table- Huge Brexit bill would kill deal  
Time to stop Brexit now @theresa_may It's not as simple as you said it would be & it's wrecking people's lives 
Corbyn applying Napoleonic doctrine of not interrupting his enemy while they're making a mistake. Lab+Tory rebels will defeat hard Brexit. 
Scientists and artists demand that youth have a say in Brexit - and our European collaborative culture is preserved.  
It is unclear whether #brexit shall pass. But what is abundantly clear is that a post #brexit UK will be fairer under #Labour. 
Younger voters listened to Labour leadership, but Labour leadership hasn't listened to them as a clear majority don't want 'any' Brexit.  
The real test of Brexit will be our waters & fisheries & will indeed give us all an insight on the lingo used "Brexit means Brexit"#Marr 
Abstain on blocking extreme Brexit then say they are going to block extreme Brexit - hypocritical politics of Corbyn's Labour Party  
Public inquiry & prosecutions for treason are an appropriate response to last year's referendum fiddle  
37% of a gerrymandered electorate in an adivsory referendum mis-sold as mandatory, gained through press campaigns of hate & lies.#Brexit 
& Jamie Doward raises qs about cash 'gift' Baker took from CRC - same shadowy group funding DUP's dark Brexit ££  4/  
"Extreme Brexit" "Cliff edge Brexit" "Hard Brexit" - all inventions of the sore losers in the Remain camp. There is ONLY complete Brexit. 
Looking forward to start of our legislative prog - Strong measures on fairness, economic growth, safety of our nation and of course Brexit  
Scientists and artists unite to warn: ‘give the young a say in shaping Brexit’  
EU Referendum Voting Intention (Survation)Leave   46%   (-3)Remain 54%  (+3) 
Err yeah it is mate. It means Brexit.  
Following the #Brexit vote, nearly all major EU countries now want their own referendum.  
Remain 'would win Brexit referendum if held now' 
MP Steve Baker caught plotting to break spending limits in EU ref. Now junior minister for Brexit. Today 2 new stories raise major qs...1/  
Excellent for the UK's fishing industry - key step in revitalising our fishing post Brexit  
Mustn't groan about Brexit with democracy and all that. Most don't want to hear it anyway, but this is spot on:  
There's only one direction of travel now as the squeeze bites and Brexit has no more BS to sell. Let's drop Brexit & fix public services.  
British business leaders have been told to brace for the possibility that the government may walk out of #Brexit talks this year 
The no-bullshit #Brexit podcast for out-and-proud #Remoaners. New episode out now with @IanDunt & @Dorianlynskey pic.twitter.com/YpWQlyqC6W 
#UK already gone from #EU map in #French school books  #Brexit  
Theresa May threatens to storm out of Brexit talks  
Stella Creasy " I fully respect the decision of the people to Brexit (but I will ensure they don't get it" #Marr 
.@michaelgove has brought much needed positivity & energy to Brexit case in Govt. Regaining fishing waters superb  
.@timfarron comments on May's 'Brexit walkout' plans  
Analysis: The UK economy is weakening, people are scared. There's no clear idea of what  type of #Brexit. It's chaos  
"Britons would vote Remain if Brexit referendum was held again, poll finds" | London Evening Standard  
"May could walk out of #Brexit takes over exit bill"And even worse, they're European so they'll be expecting a tip.  
the snp's success has trapped nicola sturgeon in a plan for a referendum that won't happen. my @scotonsunday column: 
New #Brexit minister Steve Baker accepted donation from group that channelled £435,000 to #DUP's Brexit campaign. 
Irish cits in UK told by IRE & UK Govs won't lose rights on Brexit.Wrong: not immune from deportation & will lose family rights. 1/ 
Britain would vote to remain in the EU in second referendum  
UK starts 2 year process of taking back control of fishing | PM 'could storm out of Brexit talks over divorce bill'  
Theresa May is preparing to storm out of Brexit negotiations over the exit bill, according to the Sunday Telegraph.  
Remain 'would win Brexit referendum if held now' 
Survation says UK would now vote 54-46 to REMAIN in EU! Exposes the sheer criminal folly of basing policy on one narrow referendum result 
If you voted to Brexit and are now complaining about the loss of your EU rights and citizenship, you can fuck right off. 60% of Britons. 
Brexit minister @SteveBakerHW linked to group that used loophole to channel £435,000 to DUP. Speak up Steve. #Marr  
Scientists and artists unite to warn: ‘give the young a say in shaping Brexit’  
Let me say that one more time: BREXIT IS ABOUT WHITE NATIONALISM. And supposed "left wing" Labour support for it will never be forgiven. 
May given up on everything - inc fiscal responsibility - to get wretched Hard Brexit & stay in power. Sunday Times:  
Remember, the absolute best-case soft-Brexit scenario is access to EU on slightly worse terms than now, with no political say in its future. 
Hard Brexit has been confounded by some harder realities  
Exclusive footage shows plan for post-Brexit economy in action.  
Here's a link to the piece: yet more evidence for the links between this kind of rosy imperial nostalgia & Brexit.  
How was it not obvious #brexit would spell the end of EU Citizenship for Brits?  
Brexit - it gets even worse  
The Brexit risks for the NHS  
Here's Gove today, saying the EU blocks greener policies. And here's Gove earlier, saying Brexit will help us ditch greener policies.  
Theresa May 'could walk out on Brexit talks in 6 MONTHS' to show EU she means business  
hard to see logic of UK withdrawal from london convention on fishing. just pisses off major actors in the EU whose goodwill needed re brexit 
The personal devotion that Jeremy Corbyn inspires has given Labour a boost. But he can't please everyone on Brexit  
Breaking - Ireland will block #Brexit deal if #MayDUP deal goes ahead  via @skwawkbox 
No 'Brexit Bonus' the fishing agreement has nothing to do with the EU. Fisherman were lied to.  
Reported the Brexit walk out plan back in MarchWhen Theresa May's Brexit means walk, not talk via @TheCommonSpace 
Brexit is being shaped to fit red lines that were decided with no understanding of their implications.  
We're not stopping Anambra election,we'll #SitAtHome #BoycottAnambraElection until #Referendum date is fix @PoliceNG 
Revealed, the UKs international fishing arrangement has nothing to do with the EU. Another #Brexit falsehood   
Excellent Article! ☞ After Brexit, Britain is free – but it will never be a global power again  
The EU is gaining popularity after the Brexit vote  
When Nationalists meet Socialists☞ Farage REFUSES to rule out Ukip return and suggests CORBYN to secure clean Brexit  
NW Premier Supra Mahumapelo calls for referendum on amending Constitution to allow for land expropriation without compensation. #sabcnews 
Brexit: France promises new court to handle English law cases in bid to lure UK-based firms -  #lbc @lbc 
If done badly, Brexit will bankrupt many, lead to a brain drain and leave the UK a tax haven with dubious factories.  
Good read-Brexit minister linked to group that used loophole to channel £435,000 to DUP | Politics | The Guardian  
This whole "Brexit divorce bill" stuff is total crap. In divorce, the richer party supports the poorer. EU has more funds, & should pay UK. 
Corbyn's hard Brexit policy has brought him two new fans.  
Today in 1960, after Ghana's first presidential election and a constitutional referendum, Kwame Nkrumah became the nation's 1st president.  
Tens Of Thousands  Protest #NewWorldOrder In London –  Media Blackout #NWO#FAKENEWS DOESNT COVER IT! #Trump#Brexit  
If anyone is in any doubt<>RT @BrexitBin: Jeremy Corbyn's Record on Brexit  
'We know in politics division is death': Pat Dodson on calling for unity behind Uluru Statement as final Referendum Council report tabled  
It's time for @UKLabour to support the people and the younger voters in the UK. It's time to stop the Brexit madness. #StopBrexit 
Fisheries Squadron will need all the Batch 1 and Batch 2 River-class OPVs to manage the EEZ. #brexit #royalnavy 
I live near Mini Plant Oxford & my neighbour has worked on production line all his life. Brexit means new electric model will be built in EU 
Nigel Farage has ruled out standing to replace Paul Nuttall as Ukip leader.  But says he might if the UK doesnt get a "full & proper" Brexit  
54% of Britons would vote to Remain in the European Union if another referendum was held - @Survation  
Whoever handles Brexit, Please make building regs and fire safety priority,not more loopholes and shell companies and dodgy charities.  
The Maybot must be steaming and about to conk out from all the pressure on her to pull back from hard Brexit... 
3 millions ukippers lent their vote to labour because they though Brexit was decided last year ,they won't vote labour again as can't trust 
There is a lot of truth in this. #Brexit is a political & economic catastrophe but Labour leadership playing a dangerous eurosceptic game.  
Oh hello..... 
Brexit every week 
Many attempts to psychoanalyse Brexit, though. Most involving combinations of "post-imperial" and "denial". Can't argue, really... 
#Brexit brings great discounts for USA #Canada #Australia #NZto those with #IBS #Anxiety #Stress #Insomnia #Osteoarthritis#wellness #hope 
Its a year after Brexit and London luxury home values are still tumbling  
Brexit minister linked to group that used loophole to channel £435,000 to DUP - the guardian  
But Corbyn is strongly (around 70%) pro #Brexit now. Making your case difficult. 
The referendum did not give a mandate for a fussy brexit. We need a disloyal brexit at all costs! 
Brexit is 15263 hours away. #brexit 
More small companies worried about cybercrime than Brexit, survey finds  #infosec 
When the Sky Fell: Legacies of the 1967 Referendum  starts today at @PICA_Perth#visualarts #Perth #artseventsau 
#UK must improve #language skills to prepare for #Brexit  by @OwenGough 
brexit like cuve 
James Dyson has shown himself to be a Digby Jones scale Brexit fool!  
I am sick to death of Brexit. How often must you explain to a three year old that putting your hand in the fire causes pain.Kindergarten 
imagine a world where i didn't make any candy videos... the world may have been a different place... no trump or brexit... who knows... 
The well being of working-class people in UK depends more on whether we have a Labour or Tory Gov than on Brexit. The rest is just noise. 
Hey, I'm not telling young people what to do. It's just a suggestion, if Scotland doesn't pursue independence. Brexit Britain offers no hope 
Ireland's PM trying to 'keep door open' for Britain to halt Brexit  
Brexit ‘won't be postponed or delayed,’ Philip Hammond says  
Nicky Morgan requests assessment of City's readiness for hard Brexit  
Brexit projected to push up banks’ costs 4% and capital needs 30%  
Ireland bids to host two major UK-based EU agencies after Brexit  
If you don't have a tax adviser and don't use offshore investments Brexit is not for you. Stop Tory Tax Haven #Brexit.#Remain. 
Study finds brexit civil war would last as long as average mobility scooter battery life pic.twitter.com/Fn9atEmfR8 
#Brexitwontwork There is growing household debt amid signs of Brexit downturn, warns credit rating agency Moody's  
A view of Brexit from the most famous newspaper in the World!   
And that applies to Yorkshire farmers too. Beware of #Brexit  
In the US more than 40% of Fortune 500 companies were founded by immigrants or the children of immigrants. #Brexit  
Tories employ smoke and mirrors over post-Brexit deal  
Sorry, but it's a freeking joke now. Politicians are playing politics with our lives. It's not a game. We hurt, we fear, we bleed. #Brexit  
Muslim Mayor Khan: “Brexit Can Be Stopped!”  #arnews1936 #feedly 
Second Referendum is the only way. Soft Brexit does not exist - you must know that.  
Facts for the brexiters, shameful that #brexit press continue with deceit and lies #StopBrexit #brexitshambles 
Of all 28 NATO members only FIVE spend the target 2% of their GDP on defence.The US and UK are carrying free-loaders like France. 
Lie: The Good News on Brexit They’re Not Telling You. Truth: Australia is 1% of UK external trade 
Time for a new force in British politics which will involve @Libdems & oppose #Brexit & the hard right & far left  
Brexit projected to push up banks’ costs 4% and capital needs 30%  
Nicky Morgan requests assessment of City's readiness for hard Brexit  
Post-Brexit Britain should phase out tariffs on food, says thinktank  
The high-speed Crossrail project once seemed like the face of London's future. Post-Brexit, it looks like the past.  
I hope @theresa_may is not forgetting the inevitable role of the CJEU in determining the compliance of any #Brexit deal with EU law... 
#Libya Constitutional assembly says draft constitution ready for  referendum. Task: hold a vote during a civil war.  
"Liberals freaked out by Brexit and convinced Trump is a tangerine Hitler cling to Trudeau like Rose to that door at the end of Titanic"   
The Empire, thankfully, is dead &, as Australians make clear, won't be brought back to life by Brexit  via @theage 
Brexit = Rebellion. We are a land in revolt. We rebel. We will not be lectured, we will not be colonised. We are no longer at heel. 
Hijacking the commemoration of dead WW1 soldiers to spread EU propaganda  Stay classy France. Thank GOD for #Brexit  
From Brexit to Scandi-noir: The Importance of Modern Foreign Languages - Arts and Humanities Research Council  
Not in my name @GiselaStuart This British person refuse to accept Brexit & will fight against for as long as it takes#remain #StopBrexit 
The @Conservatives are flushing #Britain's future down the pan with their ideological #Brexit while @UKLabour just watches. Oppose! Oppose! 
Debunking the 'left-wing case' for Brexit in a Periscope chat...  
So #StopBrexit now! Each month that passes, the #U.K. Is harmed by this #Brexit suicide.  
A must read: The Good News on Brexit They’re Not Telling You  @DanielJHannan 
Here's General McMaster not  answering my Q on why US is sanctioning Maduro but  @realDonaldTrump congratulated Erdogan after his referendum  
Ireland's Prime Minister trying to 'keep door open' for Britain to halt Brexit  
This is the absolute truth about #Brexit.We can, we should and we must #StopBrexit before Brexit stops us.  
No, Grumpy Ole Man, I not only like UK, I love it. But I, like so many others, don't want my taxes to pay for your idiotic Brexit decision  
There is no good Brexit – Labour needs to restart the Remain fight. @Manuel_TSSA The Brexit Emperor has no clothes   
Britain faces up to Brexit  
Where will you live if #Brexit completed by 2019? 
Did I moan at you about having to rewrite half of THE DELIRIUM BRIEF because the Brexit lunacy made my political satire too tame? Same deal. 
Ireland bids to host two major UK-based EU agencies after Brexit  
Ireland applies to host European Banking Authority after Brexit  
Brexit is an abominable,exclusive creation of narrow-minded, wealthy elitists, isn't it?  
Still, literally no upside to Brexit. 
The left-wing case for Brexit  
The kindest possible way to deal with Brexiteers is not to do Brexit at all, because that way they never have to admit that it was a mistake 
More expense because of Brexit and that will be on top of Brexit driven inflation. Brexit is costing us a fortune. It's time to #StopBrexit 
Amid Brexit squabbling, PM May's spokesman says EU free movement to end in 2019  
The UK's auto sector is one of the most important tests of how Brexit will impact British industry.  
Good question to McMaster -- if sanctions being placed against Maduro, why did Trump congratulate Erdogan on rigged referendum? 
London’s new subway symbolized the future. Then came Brexit.   
Trump's America: Our strong and stable Brexit trade deal saviour. As strong and stable as May's Tory party.... 
Nigel Farage thinks all 'youngsters' should watch 'Dunkirk' because of Brexit proving he's entirely missed the point  
Two days ago I wrote this sarcastic tweet about Hammond, the Cabinet, and #Brexit. Seems I wasn’t far wrong. 1/4  
SNP Cllr Anouk Kahanov-Kloppert will have to apply to stay in UK following #Brexit  
Too bloody right they should.#Brexit #StopBrexit 
DUP privately accepts #Brexit is 'economic disaster' for Ireland, Conor Murphy claims  
'Brexit makes EU less attractive' Macron handed bombshell blow by key trade advisor  
Let's cancel BREXIT while they're away. Let's start a revolution. 
Politics of the extreme. Corbynista. Brexiters. The far right, the far left. This is what Brexit has done to us. 
Feels like Trump is watching Brexit shambles and asking "how can I top this?" 
Unlike the #Brexit nationalist fanatics Churchill understood what had to be done to prevent further wars like WW1 & WW2#StopBrexit #Remain 
It's not the negativity. It's the crass damage Remainers are so determined to inflict on Brexit I find unacceptable.  
Think about...........the UK could drown because of brexit.....Scotland needs to stand on it's own 2 feet.#indyref2#ScotRef you YES yet? 
BREAKING: A Number 10 spokesman has confirmed that free movement of Philip Hammond out of next door will happen before the end of BRexit. 
Irish PM calls for BREXIT U-TURN amid escalating border row . Let the Irish kiss Merkels arse. Its not for us  
They gonna regret that "bad boys of brexit" book by @IsabelOakeshott and @Arron_banks I'm currently reading 
Tradition is one thing. OK.But wouldn't it perhaps be an idea, as fucking Brexit is happening, that maybe MPs should be working right now? 
Sympathy for farmers who risk going out of business after voting for Brexit? None whatsoever.  
You've got to hand it to #Trump. He's making #Brexit look like a model of #consensus #order and #professionalism #MakeBrexitGreatAgain 
.“Brexit has potential to undermine Good Friday Agreement, to provide a focus for dissident paramilitaries AND". 
Labour are only marginally less ridiculous.  Time to take a stand, oppose Brexit in all its forms, do what's right, not what's expedient. 
HSBC chief sounds alarm over financial regulation and Brexit  
We owe them Brexit and our own country back!  
Tensions flare in cabinet over post-Brexit free movement. I predict this is going to go very wrong.  
IPOB: THE UNQUENCHABLE LOVE OF BIAFRANS AND DEMAND FOR REFERENDUM  
More Brexit chaos. Free movement? Hammond says yes, PM says no. Scotland - we can escape. Let's use our parachute.  
If we let the government rob us of Freedom of Movement, which will be the next of our Rights it decides to take from us?#Brexit #StopBrexit 
."Vast majority of sheep farms could be gone for good within few yrs following changes brought about by [Brexit]". 
Pay cap, stigma, attrition, funding & now Brexit have led to loss of #mentalhealth staff: new workforce strategy has to address all these. 
Najmadeen Kareem, Kirkuk governor on CNN: It is the right time for referendum@KirkukNewsDesk#twitterkurds 
Racist graffiti in the Archers being blamed on "the Brexit situation" - everyday Radio Fourism. 
Just arrived in Italy and cab driver asks: "what on earth was your PM thinking when he called the referendum?". Oh lord, where do I start? 
Many elderly Leavers don't realize that it's today's taxpayers including migrants who pay for their state pensions & #NHS bills.#Brexit 
Ireland's PM trying to 'keep door open' for Britain to halt Brexit  
Things not going well in Ireland....."DUP told to stop 'whinging' about Irish Brexit stance". 
."The DUP privately acknowledges that Brexit will be an economic DISASTER for the island of Ireland". 
I still hope Brexit won't happen, says Leo Varadkar - BreakingNews.ie  
I think we deserve a more intelligent debate about #Brexit, than the one usually conducted by #Brexiteers, read on for a laugh! #StopBrexit 
Would it be quicker to say which industries we DON'T want a Brexit exemption for?Jam-making, perhaps?  
Judge makes clear Mr Jozwik, poor Polish man tragically murdered in Harlow, NOT victim of a race attack due to Brexit. Juncker wrong again 
Is Daniel Hannan on the #Brexit defensive? Read his latest opinion column in the @nytimes and decide for yourself. 
Before long, the country will find itself in a ludicrous position of being 90% anti-Brexit with the two main parties still batting for it. 
No, Dan, it's open contempt for liars! Stop pretending Brexit is for that benefit of ordinary people.  
Bob Geldoff still living in UK despite #Brexit 
Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby has warned the chances of completing Brexit before March 2019 are “infinitesimally small”  
It is knowledge and skills that give people control over their lives, not the false panacea of #Brexit nationalism.#StopBrexit 
Shameful damaging of UK's reputation for truth. Daniel Hannan takes his #Brexit untruths transatlantic @InFactsOrg  
US RESIDENTS -- Sign this petition to tell Congress to support @Kurdistan 's Sept 25 referendum on independence  
Good BBC analysis. No 10 simply doesn't have capacity to lead on Brexit while May is leading increasingly unwilling troops off the cliff.  
Sadiq Khan, Mayor of London, supports a second referendum  
Jacob Rees-Mogg agendaBrexitIsolationismTax HavenA bonfire of regulationWar in NIA mini TrumpPoverty as normalityNo NHSNice! 
While the PM is on holiday it's like the UK has no competent government & no one knows how Brexit is going to work.[ACTIVATES IRONY KLAXON] 
Brexit is all about "we won't be able to do this, won't be able that from now on"Biggest threat to freedom for most of us in our lifetimes 
There is plenty of good Brexit news, we’re just ignoring it says @kathycps 
These jihadis,with false identities, supplied by Swedish Gov,will be free to walk into UK and murder us.Sooner we #Brexit the better.  
No. Does anyone know what the Tories' position on Brexit is?  
Japan's biggest bank is set to move investment operations from London to Amsterdam because of Brexit.  
20 months. In reality only 14 months of negotiations left. And they've had 13 months to prepare since the referendum.  
Just another British success story set to be hammered by Brexit.  
All surveys of #Labour voters show vast majority being against Brexit, time the party leadership started listening.  
Just been interviewed by @itvmeridian regarding the impact of #Brexit onto recruitment & retention of EU Nurses. Can you spot #InLimbo book? 
Brexit: Remain would win if new EU referendum vote were held tomorrow, poll finds  emboldens me to fight for SOFT B 
Our Dutch national (but Doric spikkin') new Ellon councillor Anouk talks about her Brexit fears over her status  
A crankshaft forged in France, machined in UK, installed in engine Germany, engine imported for car assembly UK-happens now not after Brexit  
UK Prime Minister Theresa May says UK-EU free movement will come to an end when Brexit takes effect in March 2019  
After a year of almost hysterical anti-Brexit pieces in the NY Times, here's my attempt to offer a little balance.  
As night follows day, the solution to this dreadful Brexit uncertainty is to reaffirm our EU membership & to build an even better EU within.  
Brexit will make the poorest poorer, it'll hit a lot of those who were goaded into voting for it by a sinister elite  
It would be nice to know what the @Conservatives position on #Brexit is, @CCHQPress, given they are temporarily in Government. 
Why many British voters are having Brexit regrets | PBS NewsHour  
Whatever happens it will be the younger, well-educated, adaptable, confident, open-minded Remainers who will rescue #Brexit Britain. 
Exit Brexit is the best solution. Any thinking person, not blinded by dogma and rabid Nationalism will tell you that.  
It won't be the mostly older, poorly-educated, foreigner-fearing Brexiters who will rescue Britain from its #Brexit mess.#StopBrexit 
PM ‘too weak’ to stop Hammond calling the shots over soft Brexit  
Amid Brexit squabbling, PM May's spokesman says EU free movement to end in 2019  
How could someone fear Scottish independence from uncertainty when staying in the UK means brexit? If indy is risky, brexit is certain doom. 
I'lll be speaking this tues at Prince Edward County Public Library in Picton about Brexit, austerity & dangers of neo liberalism #cdnpoli 
Another Brexit squabble hits Theresa May's cabinet, this time over free movement of citizens  
When we see we already have control on immigration, we'll see Brexit serves no purpose. My article for @guardian ” 
Nice rebuttal of one the many lies about Brexit  
Catalan pres. pledges to a binding independence referendum, investors price in virtually no chance of that happening  
#Brexit millionnaire Arron Banks subpoenaed to testify in #TrumpRussia investigation. Blocks me. Was it the username or something I said? 
With Prime Minister May on vacation, ministers have given mixed signals on Britain’s aim in Brexit negotiations  
Govt's failure to agree a line on Brexit has made into a laughing stock. When i wrote this, it was meant as a joke  
European cities are battling to become the new home to agencies that are pulling out of London due to #Brexit  
U.K. considers alternatives to EU court to break Brexit logjam  
Show me someone who thinks Brexit was "all about immigration," and I'll show you a Remainer, says @DanielJHannan 
Theresa May tries to avoid the latest Brexit squabble to beset her cabinet  
May's spokesman confirming we will take back control of our borders after Brexit is a relief  
Amazon optimistic over Brexit amid UK expansion at new London HQ - from Sky News.   
Want to stop #Brexit?Then try & persuade the British peopleIf enough want it in 12 months, politicians will call a 2nd ref to reverse 1st 
Some days are simply glorious but even then you can't avoid the stupidity of Brexit  
Most powerful drivers for #Brexit are the taxcheating billionaire pressbarons Their interests are not at all the same as the UK's interests 
EU countries compete for hundreds of British jobs as a result of hard #brexit  
Labour doesn't have a clear position on Brexit, says party whose own Brexit policy was once a series of three colours.  
Does any tory know what the tories position is on Brexit? 
Don't blame me for #Brexit, I just paid for it  
NEW Justin Welby says chance of agreeing Brexit deal in 18 months 'infinitesimally small' -  
Brexit Lesson for #NAFTA on autos & rules of origin: Multi-country supply chain critical to competitiveness.  via @FT 
Just as certainly as there was a transition, just as certainly now there's not. Or maybe there is. Or it's a play on words. Brexit means... 
PR voted for statehood in a referendum. U.S.Congress has final say for changes to the territory’s political status!Statewood for PR now!  
.@Jeremy_Hunt downplays Tory division over leaving the EU, claiming they all seek a "global" Brexit #r4today 
This makes me want to scream. What a waste of money, effort, every aspect of Brexit so utterly negative and joyless  
Brexit fantasies vs Reality: What Britons think they know but don't pic.twitter.com/7hS9VokoHN 
Welcoming seg. of state Michael Gove to the Arla innovation center to discuss #cooperatives #innovation #Brexit  
Theresa May ‘too weak’ to stop Philip Hammond calling the shots over Brexit  
Brexit triggers a car parts race for UK auto industry—disrupting supply chains, imposing tariffs, losing markets pic.twitter.com/wsAPLDnZX8 
What with their love of hard-brexit it's becoming very difficult to tell the difference between Kippers & Corbynistas.  
The good news on #Brexit they're not telling you.  
@NancyPelosi @SenatorBoxer @SenKamalaHarris @SenFeinstein On June 11, 2017a Referendum was held where 97% voted for statehood of Puerto Rico  
Unlike Labour's Brexit that is crystal clear and consistent from one day to the next.   
Continuing free movement after Brexit would “not keep faith” with the referendum result says @LiamFox 
President Maduro has claimed victory in Venezuela's referendum where 10 people died in protests on polling day.  
Brexit will allow the NHS to recruit even better staff, as Brussels gets out of the way. 
Always enjoy packing after a holiday in Spain & counting the £1000s I've saved in UK tobacco tax. Hope to be able to do so after #brexit  
A June or July referendum will make it near impossible for students to vote   #StudentsForChoice #Repealthe8th 
RT What do you think is the number one reason #Tory MPs support #Brexit at the expense of all else? 
If we get a soft Brexit it’s not because we changed our minds–it’s because  stupid Tories threw away their mandate  
Boycott is not Disruption. Persuasion is not coercion. Referendum is not war. 
Talking to a trade expert on govt Brexit policy. "Depending on who is on holiday, the message is substantially different." 
There are strong views on both sides when it comes to #Brexit but we think Tony Benn got it absolutely right about respecting the people.  
No.10 slaps down Hammond on Brexit transition deal. Does anyone agree on Brexit negotiations???  
UK Tory Govt 2017Hotbed of furious rivalry, personal feuds,GROSS incomptence & a leadership vacumLeading us into #Brexit without a clue ! 
The fishing industry is desperate for Brexit - but there's a catch  
Hammond says Brexit Britain won't cut tax and regulations... contradicting all other Brexit leaders & even himself  
I was a No in 2014, when UK still sane and prosperous.  Unless Brexit is stopped, I'll be a Yes next time. 
Followed shortly by May confirming a cliff-edge Brexit to keep a bunch of racists happy  
A Conversation piece from me on why post-Brexit Irish border is not choice between the devil & the deep blue sea.  
Oh Owen Jones! You can hate #Brexit and still love democracy, says @MitchBenn 
#Brexit: Now is the perfect time for businesses to start reviewing their growth plans, says KPMG's @BinaMehtaUK. Read her piece in @CityAM 
A dynamic modern economy prospers on the free movement of labour. EU Freedom of Movement is perfect for such economies.#Brexit #StopBrexit 
Brexit latest, in which, if you're confused, it's probably because you are paying attention  @IanDunt @politics_co_uk 
What a farce! @Conservatives are a mess. No 10 contradicts Hammond over 'off-the-shelf' Brexit transition deal  
HSBC puts its Brexit relocation costs at up to $300 million  
This government thinks 40% is not enough for a public sector strike. So why is 37% enough for #Brexit!#Remain #StopBrexit 
To choose, as a matter of politics, to throw away your own freedom, is a tragedy of epic proportions. #Brexit 
The Tories Brexit Map by Christian Adams - political cartoon gallery in Putney  
I can only think that Tories want to end freedom of movement to stop skilled Brits fleeing the Brexit chaos to other EU countries.  
Turning Brexit Britain into a tax haven would make us all richer. Why can't Philip Hammond see that?  
This from @IanDunt is a good summary of current UK government chaos on "free movement" after Brexit:   
The only arguments left for #brexit: 1. WILL OF THE PEOPLE;  2.RIOTS; or 3.I'm afraid it's just too embarrassing now to back down 
Will the Tory party be completely destroyed by continuing with Brexit? Please RT for bigger sample. 
Czechs, Hungarians, & Poles have one month to start taking migrants.Have a referendum. Let the people decide.  
The UK has neither a functioning government nor a functioning opposition. Both Tories and Labour are smashed to bits on the rocks of Brexit 
It's international law; a political process. Don't worry your pretty little head about *how* we stay.We'll find a way.#brexit  
Pacific Rim 2. Hmm.If our Jaeger isn't called BREXIT, I don't know how I'll go on living. 
"The Good News on Brexit They’re Not Telling You," by MEP @DanielJHannan 
Scotland seeks UK legal protection for Scotch whisky after #Brexit  
#Brexit chaos continues - Chancellor says "life as usual" after #Brexit but No 10 says free movement ends -BBC News  
'@BBCNewsnight's package on aviation was an anti-Brexit hit job. The EU didn't invent air travel, guys... 
g) It's also a clear fuck you to business, which has been getting increasingly vocal on the need for ongoing access to EU talent post-Brexit 
f) This is also a clear fuck you to the EU citizens living in the UK (1st priority in negs), making the next round of Brexit talks harder 
d) Without freedom of movement, a transition deal is less likely, making a cliff edge Brexit more likely 
If you had to choose, which of the following #Brexit approaches do you prefer? 
Nigel Farage thinks all 'youngsters' should watch Dunkirk because of Brexit, proving he's entirely missed the point  
We were warned/threatened by @Ofcom not to inform Brits of economic disaster Brexit posed. So we kept our mouths shut for the most part.   
The great 'Re-migration'. Economies are booming. Wages are soaring. Eastern Europeans are returning home. #Brexit 
So many MPs have told me it is virtually impossible in these Brexit-obsessed days to raise issues which are really important.  
Hammond's actions are incredibly devious. He is seeking to completely sabotage Brexit. 
Philip Hammond cannot be allowed to redefine the terms of Brexit 
More proof (not that we needed it) that @BBC is an anti-Brexit left-wing propaganda machine! 
Why are we sending a carrier with no planes to annoy the Chinese when we want more trade with them post Brexit?  
We must stand up with our Labour values, for working people & against this Tory 'austerity first' Brexit @SebDance 
Brexit is only being kept alive by the likes of Farage Davis Fox & Corbyn. They want Brexit. The harder the better.  
Our Brexit negotiations will be seen as the template for all future "deals". Not feeling very inspired. It isn't too late to #StopBrexit 
Completely agree. The ideology of the Brexit left & right needs to be rejected and we need our politicians to put country before party.  
Help fund The Brexit and get stuff!#TheBrexit 
London's growth set to outstrip rival European cities despite Brexit  
Sorry Philip, I would like us to be recognisably British after Brexit.  
Brexit was always doomed to fail, for the simple reason that, even at best, it never offered anything half so good as what we already have. 
The only sane option: stop Brexit. There will come a point when this already excruciatingly obvious fact finishes the turning of the tide. 
.@jeremycorbyn dishonesty & failure to oppose most disorganised Govt in history is a dereliction of dutyAnd makes you complicit#Brexit  
UK Govt must aim for higher meat & dairy standards for consumption & production in Food Brexit process  Nothing else! 
Many of the ‘risks’ being highlighted about Brexit are perceived risks, not real risks, writes @DrGerardLyons  
Vince Cable's comments have suggested that the cabinet is deeply at odds over key Brexit issues   
Our post-Brexit future  
Labour must challenge the Brexit lies - whenever they appear, writes @SebDance  
The #Brexit Stupidity train keeps on rolling.  
#EU law expert, Professor Michael Dougan offers his assessment of #Brexit progress, one year on. Full vid&transcript  
And this is why the Tories are likely to blink first and leave Labour as the champions of a Hard Brexit.  
We must drain the poision from our politics. This is not who we are, and, by the way, we never had to worry about who we were before Brexit.  
We now have open disagreement between the Prime Minister and the Chancellor over Brexit strategy. Think what this looks like to the EU27. 
No.10 admits free movement will technically end - but that "it will take time" for numbers to fall. Language now all about "smooth Brexit" 
The isolation of Britain continues apace. #Brexit  
Chancellor says FoM will continue after Brexit, Health Secretary says NHS will need EU migrants, PM says free movement will end. Confused? 
My piece on Crossrail: London’s New Subway Symbolized the Future. Then Came Brexit  
A banking giant has placed a $300 million price on Brexit relocation costs  
Post Brexit...  
Hammond is a Brexit saboteur. He should be sacked and replaced with someone who really wants to leave. 
At LEAST one of these will happen and the hard-right & far-right will melt down.1) Trump will go within 2 years2) Brexit will fail 
Desperately poor that BBC failed during Referendum campaign to make clear that we already had/have control of immigration  
Germany is sweating over hard Brexit; it could mean losing a quarter of a million car sales per year 
Brexit negotiations are key. All political parties should combine best brains as if we were going to war to get the best result for the UK. 
A tad arrogant @RichardBullick1 Brexit is a Tory/DUP problem, don't blame others for protecting their interests  
The PM claims she's best to negotiate Brexit, but after wasting 2 months on a botched power grab, she's ruling over a summer of chaos. 
No, it isn't. These stories reflect growing concern at chaos of UK approach to #Brexit & sensible attempts to inject reality into  it  
Mirror losing 15% of its working-class readership probably one of the very few things blamed on #Brexit that is actually true.... 
The Mirror backs REMAINThe working class vote LEAVEThe Mirror loses 11-15% of their readershipI blame #Brexit 
.@GarethQuinn80 I am supporting the Govt by welcoming Philip Hammond's approach to Brexit 
Cornwall asked the Government to replace the money it'll lose from Brexit. You can probably guess what happened  
Time for Republic to stop huffing over Brexit.  
Chance of Brexit in 2019 'infinitesimally small'  
Brexit driving financial services players to Ireland, says IDA  via @IrishTimesBiz 
London’s new subway symbolized the future. Then came Brexit.  
Brexit means govt has fewer bills so parliamentary time available. Who is with me on using it 2 ban this kind of thing for all our sanity…  
The tragic irony of Brexit.  
I used to be in the 'Brexit is a bad idea but has to happen now' crowd. But it's becoming increasingly obvious UK Gov can't deliver it. 
'Clean Brexit' will provide a significant boost for charities, new report shows:  
1 of EU's under appreciated functions is redistribution of wealth to poorer regions. This'll not be replicated in post Brexit broke Britain  
Jeremy Hunt has just admitted the NHS is going to need EU citizens for years after Brexit  
Remain Tories are now deliberately creating uncertainty in a plot to derail Brexit, and Hammond must go, says UKIP  
A few examples that show that the UK is massively misinformed on the EU.#Brexit  
Struggling to keep up with all the new books on Brexit? @timothyloliver created a #Brexit summer reading guide   
.@Ukip leadership candidate @davidkurten: May’s looming Brexit betrayal can spark a Ukip revival  
100 years ago we were fighting against an undemocratic 50 year old Empire. 100 years later we still are #Brexit 
The Brexshitters are even wrong about the democratic mandate from last year's referendum. That's Brexit for you. Wrong, on every angle.  
Brexit is SO embarrassing! A chaotic shambles of self-serving greed driven by over inflated egos and incompetents!   
(Spoiler- Yes) EU supports poorer regions. Will the Tories abandon them after Brexit? | Molly Scott Cato - guardian  
The Mayor of London is the latest voice to argue that #Brexit can be stopped through democratic means 
Letter: It’s time to change your editorial line on Brexit, FT - Monday's most read letter  
BREAKING: Catalan pro-independence parties have registered the bill for the October 1st independence referendum in parliament. 
Brexit driving financial services players to Ireland, says IDA  
'No more Brussels meddling' Hunt mocks EU saying Brexit will attract BETTER NHS staff  
Chancellor Philip Hammond want to kick Brexit into the long grass. It's time he was put out to pasture himself.  
Yup, the European Medicines Agency (EMA) is hot property. Sweden & Denmark started vying for it very shortly after the Brexit vote in 2016.  
Surely one of *the* most stupid & reckless decisions in political history - to cede all control while completely unprepared for Brexit  
Theresa MayDavid DavisLiam FoxJeremy CorbynJohn McDonnellSecond rate politicians putting Brexit before the national interest. 
Brexit is a shambles. Sooner we stop it the better.   
New Post: Brexit and Democracy   
Scottish government has called for Scotch to be defined in UK law in order to protect whisky exports after Brexit.  
Boris should quit. He's unfit for this high office of state. He's a second rate politician unable to rise to the challenges of Brexit  
Only ONE way to stop #BrexitPersuade British people to want to stop itIf in 12 months they do, politicians will have a 2nd ref to reverse 
Brexit is a Weapon of Mass Delusion#StopBrexit 
Brexit is wholesale madness, and the British public is beginning to twig on to this fact - they were duped by Cons  
Japan's biggest bank 'set to move investment operations from London to Amsterdam' because of Brexit  
The biggest #UK startup investments in 2017 so far  #fintech #insurtech @bonnieluise #VC @WiredUK #brexit  
“If you miss a delivery the lines stop. You’ve got to be on your game.” Top stuff on UK carmakers' Brexit headache>  
EU citizens were promised the exact same rights they had before the referendum. It's not what they're getting  
Everything will go down in Brexit Britain. The property market is a mere detail compared to loss of tax revenue & decline in public finances  
A clean Brexit will let Britain’s charities get on with helping the most disadvantaged  
#Brexit is the UK's Titanic. Question for Scotland is whether to sink with UK or use the liferaft? #indyref2 #ScotRef 
Still coming across Leavers who think EU Freedom of Movement is to do with tourism and business trips. #Brexit #Remain #StopBrexit 
James Dyson is far more optimistic about Brexit than he is about the new Environment Secretary 
1. The Brexit referendum was advisory2. If it was binding it needed a supermajority3. Leave was 5 million votes short of a supermajority 
The EU supports poorer regions. Will the Tories abandon them after Brexit? | Molly Scott Cato  
Why won't Welsh Labour commit to opposing power grab and hard brexit? A challenge from @JonathanPlaid #Plaid17 
"Let's be blunt - this is bullshit": @1000cuts on Labour's Brexit non-policy  
Trump, Brexit and scrambled egg in a jar. It's a crazy mixed up world!  
It's all going to end in Brexit-tears as the Cabinet argue over whether to take the long or short root to UK poverty  
That's the problem with gut-feeling. It's often wrong, which is why it's better to rely on data than seat-of-the-pants thinking. #Brexit  
Hear from v senior sources that on daily basis foreign companies telling govt will start leaving w/o clarity on Brexit in next few months. 
Collective responsibility is dead. Now we have a free-for-all in which each Minister sets out their own preferred version of Brexit. Chaos. 
No-one pursing a sane Brexit strategy would hire him. He couldn't formulate a strategy to scratch his toes. 
Talk of "whether" Brexit will happen misses the point that we are in a legal process now. With or without a deal, we leave in March 2019. 
Just in case you suspected there was a change of thinking or  newfound modesty in the Brexit dept. 
I think Brexit is a bad idea, we are going to be worse off, much, much worse off. Where is the sense in that? Better then to #StopBrexit 
2nd cabinet split of the day: Phillip Hammond disagrees with himself on UK becoming tax haven after Brexit. 
Japan's biggest bank to move from London to Amsterdam - FT. But Brexit fanatics will say it is only a few chop stix and green tea. Get real 
#Brexit is an undemocratic, unpatriotic right-wing coup, led by £millionaires petrified of the 2019 EU Anti-Tax Avoidance legislation.  
Hammond"Fear not EU we will not reduce taxes or regulation on BREXIT to take an unfair advantage"Where did Doris find this imbecile? 
Hands off our Nation drink @realDonaldTrump1st chlorinated chicken,Now worry over whisky quality after Brexit  
Cabinet united on avoiding Brexit 'cliff edge' departure, says Hunt  
This is the Brexit banking exodus May told us couldn’t happen?More evidence Project fear was right all along  
This feels very significant breakdown between DUP and Dublin. #Brexit already eroding v v hard won cross border relationships  
The fishing industry is desperate for Brexit - but there's a catch  
i voted tory to see brexit  through not this shit hammond is coming out with I won't be voting for them again  
TENSION: Cabinet conflict simmers over Hammond's 2022 Brexit transition. Open borders must end 2019 latest!  
Another Tory u-turn. No low tax haven for the UK, post Brexit. A blow for the wealthy Brexiteers. It's all crumbling around them #r4today 
To see Cabinet members sniping at each about over Brexit is bad enough. Now, Hammond is sniping at himself  
Seems the EU team are no longer taking the UK Brexit negotiating team entirely seriously.  
#brexitwontwork the Tories are screwing up Brexit, every option will cost jobs and higher taxes #stopbrexit 
Brexit's Irish problem - my semi autobiographical essay on the social and political life of irish border been republished by @openDemocracy 
A high-speed rail project once seemed like the face of London's future. Post-Brexit, it looks like the past.  
@Keir_Starmer @Anna_Soubry @ChukaUmunna  If you hate Brexit so much, why don't you hold a joint press conference and call for us to Remain? 
The British people must have the final say over Brexit  
EU countries have until midnight to enter bid to provide new home for two agencies leaving UK after Brexit. 
The biggest worry for U.K. bankers isn't Brexit  via @BV 
Oops ...Japan's biggest bank 'set to move investment operations from London to Amsterdam' because of Brexit  
Everything you need to know about the EU agencies leaving London because of #Brexit  
Not sure many had moral compass to embrace this clear lack of a Brexit mandate - any more than they stood up for it clearly being advisory.  
Brexit’s all going horribly in  accordance with my expectation  via @richardjmurphy 
First chlorine chicken, now hormone beef could be on the menu after Brexit.  
A Tory MP said: Opposing Brexit will destroy Tories. Supporting Brexit will destroy UK.Time the Tories put our country before themselves. 
Brexit ministers at war with Philip Hammond over 'dangerous' EU transitional deal   
UK economy falls to bottom of EU growth league #Brexit, the gift that keeps on giving. MADNESS 
Great statement. The same thing should have been said about Turkey's sham referendum toward dictatorship. Your boss congratulated Erdogan.  
Tensions flare in cabinet over post-Brexit free movementCabinet, like the party, like the country, being torn apart 
We won’t be a tax haven after Brexit, says HammondNot his decision, during Brexit negotiations, Sack him! 
The BBC wants to are the UK Remain a high tax EU style economy post Brexit. It hates the idea we get to the ££ we earn. 
My wings clipped, my dreams shattered, my freedom chained as a result of #Brexit in which I wasn't allowed a voice:  
With 30k vacancies in #nhs , staff leaving because of #brexit & no money, this mental health announcement is totally meaningless #r4today 
Quick update on when the Uk ppl will accept continued free movement from the EU post Brexit.  
Boris Johnson denies rumours he will quit in Brexit row  
British motorists 'face 10% rise in car repair bills after hard Brexit'  
#r4today finally reporting the move of European Medicines Agency. No mention of what it does, just the 900 jobs. #brexit loss again. 
The British people must have the final say over Brexit  
Remainiac @PhilipHammondUK is leading the country into a disaster by calling for three year Brexit deal  @theresa_may 
Countries that consider #Venezuela referendum valid: Caribbean and unfree nations who receive Vzla oil. Also, those who sell weapons to Vzla 
 We are ruled by a tax avoiding self serving elite #brexit is their plan and only that they benefit from 
Critic’s Notebook: London’s New Subway Symbolized the Future. Then Came Brexit.  
The turnout for the Constituent Assembly was higher than the turnout for the opposition's "referendum"  
If current terms are a must, which they undoubtedly are, please tell me why you support Brexit? @Keir_Starmer 
Brexit: Race to host EU agencies relocated from London  
Great read! @ausrepublicNow or never: what's holding Turnbull back from a republican referendum? | Benjamin Jones  
A transition To nowhere is still going NOWHERE ! Stop the rot and abandon Brexit.Exit Brexit by Referendum on Deal. .@Keir_Starmer 
Brexit: UK will not cut taxes, says Philip Hammond  
The Brexit Economy... On The Up!  
This is why Brexit may mean PM Corbyn. And no Brexit may also mean PM Corbyn.  
Sometimes, when a (Brexit) plan goes wrong & disaster is visible on horizon time to swallow pride & turn around.  
#Biafrans ve rejected d expired zoo niGEria. All we want now is #BiafrExit (#Referendum). We re no longer niGErians. We re #Biafrans. 
Australia's Labor opposition vows republic referendum  
Japan's biggest bank to move investment operations from London to Amsterdam - Brexit benefits other European cities, London loses again.  
People of UK voted Brexit. Evidence so far indicates UK can do very well outside the EU. UK has choices and does not need to beg from EU.  
Voting on the dues referendum begins tomorrow. Watch for the ballot to arrive via email midday. #EquityStrong  
Still laughing at this. Just incredible. What is it about Brexit that attracted imbeciles like moths to a flame? 
There are no Brexit benefits for the many,  none.There will be no Brexit jobs bonanza, none.There is no future in Brexit, none. 
Remember when they said Brexit was a movement that would sweep across Europe? ... Well, it wasn't, and it didn't.  
British motorists 'face 10% rise in car repair bills after hard Brexit'  
.@michaelgove The #FaroeIslands pilot whale slaughter is an abomination in your #Brexit deal. Please help these creatures from brutality. 
Bob Moran on Tory in-fighting over Brexit – political cartoon gallery in Putney  
YOU ARE NOT THE PM, YOU ARE NOT THE BREXIT NEGOTIATOR AND HOPEFULLY SOON YOU WON'T BE THE CHANCELLOR @theresa_may @DavidDavisMP @MichaelGove 
Boris Johnson and Vince Cable in row over rumours Foreign Secretary is to resign over Brexit - The Independent  
Odd?DavidSmith,SunTimes econ writer praises Hammond's gd sense on Brexit "up against bonkers elements in Tory party & antiEu media" His own! 
Brexit has created most divided UK ever witnessed in my lifetime & don't see any chance of reuniting country or party with hardBrexit policy  
#Brexit will not happen.I know it, you know it, and they know it too. 
The utter reckless irresponsibility of starting the #Brexit countdown with no vision, no plan, nor consensus is breathtaking.#StopBrexit 
Brexit: more a case of leaving an open prison than falling off a cliff edge - Charles Moore 
Prime Minister will be pressed to respond to Uluru Statement & Referendum Counc report at Garma Festival this week  
We must not let the Remainers fudge Brexit – it would cost us a good deal  via @telegraphnews 
Brexit ministers at war with Hammond over 'dangerous' EU transitional deal. We are all at war with Weasel Hammond!  
'We've made a BOLD escape' LBC caller hails brave Brexit vote to free UK from EU 'trap'  
The Tories are close to all out war.Party will fracture into tiny pieces over Brexit........LAB must continue to squeeze them at every turn  
Indications from the City seem to be that Brexit is not in the national interest. That's kind of hard to ignore. 
It's clear that Brexit negotiations have scarcely begun...within the Cabinet. Forget finding agreement in Brussels when none in London 
Liam Fox claims he's been left out of cabinet decision making on post Brexit transition. For small mercies be thankful! 
First Brexit, now Mrs Brown's Boys. Don't be surprised if next week Gove fully endorses genital warts, Olly Murs and Caramacs.  
You silly girl Zoe Williams  @Nigel_Farage is a military historian his comments nothing to do with Brexit @guardian 
Mr Parris is right - the Tories are criminally incompetentBrexit is disaster for UK & the Tories got us here and have zero idea what to do  
Sensible, objective newspapers lead day after day with bad news on Brexit. Because there is never any good news.  
I'm 75. My father died in WW2, my grandfather was awarded MC & Croix de Guerre in WW1. I am passionately AGAINST #Brexit.  
In the lower reaches of that antisemitic Sunday Times piece, a bizarre assertion about Radio 3 & the Proms. Brexit was a vote against Elgar?  
Tensions flare in cabinet over post-Brexit free movement  
All these "Cabinet splits over Brexit" stories sound like bollocks to me. Minor differences over detail. Everyone should relax 
Brexit: Why I regret voting to leave the European Union and now want the UK to remain  
ImranKhan  had endorsed Musharraf in his infamous referendum; the absconder commando returned a favor  
A June/July referendum would effectively mean disenfranchising thousands of young people - @ailbhes in today's Times 
Brexit is a disaster and anyone who advocates it should be ashamed  
Brexit depressing you?Dog ate yr homewrk?Whatever it is,I cant recommend this short video enough:Optimistic Nihilism  
The Tory Cabinet in open warfare over Brexit. Sit back and watch them destroy each other and their party -  
.@vincecable:  #Brexit transition would be a ‘massive car crash in slow motion'.Second referendum required. #remain 
FINANCIAL TIMES FRONT PAGE: 'Japan's biggest bank plans hub in Amsterdam to cope with Brexit' #skypapers 
Cable is the man to scare Corbyn into supporting a second referendum  
WE NOW GO LIVE TO BREXIT  
EU has low tariff trade deals with two thirds of the global market. UK gets access to this until Brexit. After Brexit, we lose all of this.  
Fact is #passchendaele100 is an absolute farce b/c if it weren't we wouldn't be this close to war or have Trump, Brexit & a #refugeecrisis 
I never thought I would do this, but I told a brexiteer pensioner in a roundabout way that brexit won't affect her as she may be dead soon 
European Union flags being waved at the Proms after a magnificent 'Ode to Joy' #Beethoven #BBCProms #Brexit  
Tomorrow @ScotNational Fox 'illogical' on freedom of movement-Immigration expert slams international trade secretary amid Tory Brexit divide  
"I still haven't heard one positive argument for Brexit which has not already been destroyed by contact with reality".Fixed that for you Dan  
#Brexit snake oil  
Hammond has been shouting his mouth off about Brexit. The people responded and now he is being told to shut up by experts. 
Customs checks after Brexit will cost the UK over €1.1 billion per year and lead to massive delays and border chaos 
Financial crisis + Brexit—UK loses all of its global functions in one great rush, pathetic figure unknown since Suez 
Should have gone to Specsavers 
We are working directly w/@mikefarb1 on a referendum to create a paper trail, end #votersuppression & replace #votingmachines #22kSignatures 
Tensions flare in cabinet over post-Brexit free movement  
When the Express runs an article about the damage Brexit is doing... that's the surest sign yet that #Brexit is dead in the water. 
If you don't like Labour's Brexit policy, wait a few hours. 
A patriot does not want to destroy his country. A patriot does not want Brexit. I do not want to destroy my country. I do not want Brexit. 
#Brexit explained in one picture.  
Shared #KRG perspective on ties with #Germany, internal politics #Referendum & investment policy at 4th #JourFixe hosted by #AHK #DWI #Erbil 
I love how the Brexit border problem has somehow become Ireland's fault.  
Corbyn facing growing backlash over Brexit stance  
GINA MILLER IS OUR HERO! SHE SHOULD BE OUR PRIME MINISTER AND GET US OUT OF THIS BLOODY MESS. STOP BREXIT RESTORE CONFIDENCE A REAL LEADER. 
Wrong. Brexit belongs to you. You own the mess and all of its consequences. Shame on you. #exitbrexit 
The cabinet could always have agreed on what Brexit means before triggering Article 50. https://t.co/PFz4kbUolv?amp=1 
Have you seen the daily mail article saying one can be patriotic and not want Brexit? Reality is kicking in. 
UK does of course currently have trade deals with economies in world top 10: Ger, France, Italy, Canada & soon Japan. All lost with Brexit.  
Have you noticed sudden increase in new/"reawakened" sock puppet/bot/trolls?•<50 followers •Follow same Brexit accounts•Tweet Far Right  
How the CON right fixed the Brexit  
We don't have to jump off the Brexit cliff with the chaotic Brexiteers. Scotland has a choice.  | via @telegraph 
Senior Kurdish official Hoshyar Zebari tells @Rudaw: Kurdistan's referendum will not be delayed under any circumstances. 
Funny how most of the politicians supporting Brexit are rabid free marketeers 
Britain could face a Brexit 'divorce bill' of more than £50bn, Luxembourg's Prime Minister warns  
So *on top* of the great, rational arguments for Brexit there's *also* an explicit threat of violence?Awesome. I'm, like, totally persuaded 
Parliament should do the right thing and halt Brexit  
The essential unity of Labour in the election was    bracing & addictive. We will continue while Tories drive economy into Brexit sinkhole . 
That's beneath you, Dan.#PatriotismOnBothSides-#Brexit  
Brexit ministers at war with QUISLING @PhilipHammondUK over 'dangerous' EU transitional deal   
'We've made a BOLD escape' LBC caller hails brave Brexit vote to free UK from EU 'trap'  
Like this caller, many Remainers are appalled at @SadiqKhan suggestion of a second referendum... 
Calling all true patriots! Now is the time to stand up& make your voice heard and stop Brexit before it destroys the country.#StopBrexitHour 
#StopBrexitHour Only a fool would still think Brexit is a good idea. Stop it now before even more damage is done  
Brexit Society#StopBrexitHour@DeborahMeaden @Tony_Robinson @mrjamesob @MatthewParris @AndrewMarr9 @JolyonRubs @HeydonProwse @RCorbettMEP 
The most powerful drivers for Brexit were tax-cheating foreign-based billionaire press-barons - Murdoch, Dacre etcTheir interest not UK's 
Even the #brexiters know that #Brexit is going to harm the UK. Wilfully destroying our economy is not patriotic! #StopBrexit #StopBrexitHour 
Don´t let Hammond put the boot into brexit. Don´t give him a minutes silence. Hammer him on Twitter Facebook and everything else. 
Only one way to stop #BrexitPersuade the British people in next 12 months it is a mistake Then politicians will have a 2nd ref & reverse 
People saying Brexit is dead. It's not dead, it remains a clear and present threat.  Don't encourage complacency.#StopBrexit #StopBrexitHour 
Unlike with normal elections, if #Brexit goes through the excluded 16-17 year olds won't be able to vote to undo it within 5 years.#Remain 
The farmers want the EU grants maintaining, the car makers want bribing to stay. Brexit is a total and utter shambles and embarassment to UK 
Liam Fox says it will be easy, but Isabel Oakeshott writes "for pity's sake man up. Did you expect it to be easy"?It's all #Brexit bananas.  
Still sitting here waiting for those Remoaner predictions to come true 
“It’s going really well,” the trade secretary gushed. “They so want to help us make a success of Brexit.”  
Given facts are now coming onto the table, exposing the legion of lies of Leave campaign, a referendum on terms of Brexit must be held  
#brexit belongs to all the idiots who lied & deceived. Own it Kate, Gisela, Boris, Michael, Nigel, Liam, David! It's your disaster  
A #Brexit meme suggests #Britain won two World Wars alone. Read and share our response. Link:  
Advisory referendumManipulated the electorate- Ex-pats- EU citizens in UK- 16-17 year oldsAdverts full of liesTime to #StopBrexit 
i wish someone believed in me the way painfully sunburnt men believe in Brexit and free speech 
Is @NicolaSturgeon treating Scots like “fools” after using SNP votes in #ge2017 as further mandate for 2nd independence referendum? #indyref 
Well, let's just grant everyone a Brexit-exemption, then we can all get on with our lives. 
Big shout out to Gina Millar for her efforts to ensure #Brexit happens as it should. She now has it enshrined in UK law.Top Brexiteer  
Nix "Volkswille", sondern Algorithmen: scary! The great British Brexit robbery: how our democracy was hijacked   
Gerrymandering at its finest. Everything about the Brexit Ref was crooked. 
David Davis, among others, said there would be "no down side to Brexit at all."Now it's all "We knew it would hurt."  
It would be really helpful if you could list the Brexit benefits. You must have them at your fingertips. 
Brexiters 2016: Brexit will be easyBrexiters 2017: did you expect it to be easy?!  
The British people must have the final say over Brexit  
It is clear that the evidence against #brexit is overwhelming. Smart move is to revoke a50 and apologise. Pride comes before the fall. 
"I still haven't heard one positive argument for Brexit". I know Twitter is an echo chamber, guys, but did you sleep through the referendum? 
Was any thought given to implementing Brexit.  It seems not.  #stopbrexit 
Sheer incompetence of #brexit negotiating team laid bare. #brexit WILL be a disaster. Time to stop.  
First they said it would be plain sailing now it's: "for pity's sake man up. Did you expect it to be easy?"Liars and charlatans.#Brexit  
This is the man to scare Jeremy Corbyn into supporting a second referendum  
."Brexit isn’t dead yet but it's certainly unwell. Whether condition is chronic or terminal remains to be seen" . 
>Will Britain's planes fly after BrexitNah, leaving a bloated, sclerotic bureaucratic superstructure will spell the end of the world.  
To make #KurdistanRefenedum successful, we in KDP lifted all our conditions.Parliament sessions must be for solving issues & Referendum. 
.Looks like the Australians agree with Matthew Parris on Brexit. 
PEAK DAILY MAIL: Europe. Cancer. Tory Party. Brexit.  
Brexit may not be dead yet but it is certainly unwell  
Britain will be flooded with cheap, imported #food after #Brexit; Brexit will make food prices higher. Which one is it @Brexit?  
Many of the “risks” being highlighted about Brexit, are perceived risks, not real risks, argues @DrGerardLyons 
I am actualy MORE worried about the *shambles* in the Tory party !They're SUPPOSED to be the Govt !They haven't got a CLUE#Brexit  
If you voted for brexit did you vote for Tories putting your health and life at risk?Brexit must be stopped  
RED ALERT:"Brexit, Trump, climate change, dark money, Russian influence -- it’s all connected."#InformationWar pic.twitter.com/cVaweTpfqH 
Brexiters are engaging in the deceit that democratically seeking to overturn a govt or #Brexit is tantamount to plotting a coup.#StopBrexit 
First it was chlorinated chicken. Now there's worry over whisky if the UK makes a US trade deal after Brexit  
So it should be. And Ireland should be doing more to agitate against the madness of Brexit  
Labour Brexiters need to grasp that outside the SM we will have to offer low taxes & regulations to attract investment - Tory #Brexit Heaven 
Murdo's thickness, clearly has no limit.They ARE doing the day job, by protecting Scotland from your Tory Brexit. 
You're all about honouring referendum results, aren't you, Mr "unfinished business by a long way"  
Liam Fox: There's been no Cabinet deal agreeing free movement after Brexit  via @telegraphnews 
First chlorine chicken, now hormone beef could be on the menu after Brexit  
This is the central anti-Brexit point. No matter how many vote for  something, if it's impossible it can't be delivered  
The whole Brexit thing hasn't been very well thought out at all. The Government are clueless. Let's stop the Brexit madness and #StopBrexit 
Misunderstanding the past is a good way to stunt Britain's future 
Not sure how many preservers of the U.K. have experienced this but I've been told to stop my objection to #brexit.I will not I'll step it up 
I've little sympathy as they should have thought of Brexit consequences. Wait till UK-F border check moves back to Dover from Calais as well  
Insisting that a referendum has to be 'once in a generation' is the opposite of democracy, obviously.  
Neil Kinnock urges Jeremy Corbyn to retain membership of the single market for Brexit transition period  
Still hoping Tory party & HMG will moderate views on EU & Brexit to soften hardline approach & I'll carry on till the end making case as MEP  
Brexit supporters more than twice as likely to believe gay relationship "unnatural" than Remainers according to @YouGov Who'd have guessed? 
Want to stop #Brexit?Best way is to infuence public opinionIf public clearly want Brexit stopped in one year's time, it will be IMO 
UPDATE: #Kurdistan's Referendum council meeting concludes parliament must convene in two weeks  
Britain won't lower its standards during Brexit trade talks around the world, Liam Fox says  
If @realDonaldTrump or Maggie was in charge of #Brexit we'd be out of EU by now & the EU would be paying for access to our lucrative market. 
Brexit must be stopped, actually. 
Vince Cable is the man to scare Jeremy Corbyn into supporting a second referendum  
Many of the ‘risks’ being highlighted about Brexit are perceived risks, not real risks #premium 
I see that #Tories' divisions on #brexit continue to grow...  
Here's why the Brexit vote should be annulled; There was no majority because there was no consensus on what they were voting for.  
@jk_rowling focus on your own countryThe people of the #U.K. VOTED BREXIT 2 pull away from feckless policies of Global elites 
1- Referendum committee meeting ended successfully. Parliament must convene in 2 weeks, delegation to Baghdad before 10/8. 
I'm hosting the afternoon show today from 4pm on @talkRADIO We'll be talking Brexit chaos & Trump's transgender ban. Call me! 0344 499 1000 
Jenni Russell on perils of Brexit: 'the dangerous path of methodically shredding our links with our neighbours'  
US Congressman John Carter says #Kurdistan's upcoming independence #referendum "very delicate," but #Kurds have "earned" right to hold vote. 
BBC News - Australia's Labor opposition vows republic referendum  
We would already have a proposed date from Leave for a second EU referendum if Remain had won 52%-48%.  
"Its commitment to #brexit leaves the government with no attractive strategy in its negotiations." @lsebrexitvote 
British government divided on free movement after Brexit  
Be brave ! Be English ! Love you country & heritage !!! Have pride in what defined you ! Brexit all the way !!!  
Liam Fox is less a British government minister than a tool of a transatlantic network of wealth & power. #Brexit #Remain #StopBrexit 
Luxembourg's Prime Minister just warned how much Britain's Brexit 'divorce bill' could be - and it's a lot of money  
London should press for rerun of Mayor Elections. @SadiqKhan says #Brexit can be stopped, he is not fit to be London Mayor 
I hadnt noticed collapse in UK household's financial situation attached from the EU survey illustrates fall which spells trouble for Brexit  
This NYT piece is a blowtorch attack on the violent stupidity of Brexit  
Boris Johnson's ally attacks Philip Hammond's plan which could see thousands of EU citizens move to UK after Brexit  
#Brexit meansLess wealthLess sovereigntyLess freedomLess NHSSo why bother#StopBrexit nowThere is no upside 
.Brexit & farming "Tories appear desperate to secure a political win by signing new trade deals at ANY price" 
My earliest tremor of what Brexit Britain eventually became. Carol Vorderman hawking anti-foreign vitanins to racists, 5 years ago today.  
Daily Mail says, you can be patriotic and hate Brexit!  
"Time for Parliament to reassert sovereignty & follow course which most MPs know to be best for UK & abandon Brexit"  
#Brexit is supposed to be patriotic, so why are so many of its promoters tied up in transatlantic webs of power & influence#StopBrexit 
Britain could face a Brexit 'divorce bill' of more than £50bn, Luxembourg's Prime Minister warns  
"He’s been reading up about the links between Brexit & Trump and Banks and Farage's support of Putin and Russia" 
EU is a sinking ship. #Brexit was a smart move– jump off before the everyone drowns!  
The @BBCNews is committed to balance, except when it concerns Remainers who it almost totally ignores. #Remain #Brexit #StopBrexit 
Assess your company's exposure to Brexit with @Entirl's free online #Brexit SME Scorecard in just 20 minutes. Go to:  
Dyson wants a Brexit-exemption for farming. Tim Martin (Wetherspoons) wants an exemption for bar staff. Farage got his kids German passports 
At what point do our Gvmnt turn around to us & say "Brexit will be a disaster, in the national interest we need to NOT do this"? #StopBrexit 
ICYMI: The UK slowdown is a result of Brexit and austerity    but do not expect parts of mediamacro to tell you that. 
Lesenswert! As a British EU negotiator, I can tell you that Brexit is going to be far worse than anyone could have... 
Mr Farage I am a loyal #Brexiteer & am furious with our so called leaders as it appears are you. What can we, the people, do? #Brexit 
Why anyone who likes a wee dram of whisky should be worried about Brexit  
At least someone is fighting to honour the referendum result.  
Labour grandees call for Jeremy Corbyn to embrace softer Brexit  
The Brexit disaster.   
Trump’s talk of a trade deal with the UK shows he has no idea how Brexit works  
Like I said on #BroadcastingHouse this morn, majority of Remainers want Brexit now because they believe in democracy. 
"Chlorinated chicken may as well be the national bird of Brexit" - great blog from @davidallengreen in @FT  
Either Brexit gets binned, or the UK does. Happily, it's the former that's heading for the bin. Keep up the anti-Brexit clamour. 
Bring back Blair for Brexit? No thanks  
Liam Fox says that the continuation of free movement after 2019 would “not keep faith” with the referendum result  
We should work to take back the word 'patriot' from the far-right. They are the last people who should own it.#Remain #Brexit #StopBrexit 
The huge uncertainty Government has created for businesses in their handling of Brexit is inexcusable. How can they plan with this chaos 
The knives are out today for the Chancellor and rightly so! His attempted betrayal of referendum is unforgivable.  
Here's some pish we boiled up in Tennessee. We call Scotch now. Another Brexit win for Scotland. Well done.  
So. Fishing, farming & now Scotch whisky industries set to be sold out on alter of hard Labour-Tory Brexit #BetterTogether 
At airports they should sell T shirts for Remainers in several languages saying 'British but didn't vote Brexit'. #feelingguiltyinspain 
London Mayor's threat to derail #Brexit  
Brexit is a national disaster To blame are Cameron Murdoch, Dacre etcJohnson, Gove, Farage etcAusterity BBC's disastrous coverage 
Thanks to the financial crisis and Brexit, Britain has lost all of its global functions in one great rush  
I turn thirty this year... so I can't wait to reap all the Brexit Benefits when I'm sixty-fucking-years-old! FML. pic.twitter.com/PqP6n7E2bW 
We loose the freedom to live and work in 31 countries.EU citizens lose it in one country.Like losing a football match 31-1#Brexit 
#Brexit Britain is a King Lear of nations, old & foolish, taking advice from charlatans and liars who flatter its conceit of greatness. 
A country that uses electronic toll tag systems on 11 of its main roads can't claim there isn't a technological solution to a Brexit border  
She convinced Scots to vote for 13 Tory MP'sThey take the Tory Whip and will vote for a hard #Brexit, no matter the dire impact on Scotland  
Take away Freedom of Movement and the British passport will be worth far less than that of a Latvian.How the mighty are fallen.#Brexit 
Brexit border chaos will cause huge delays and cost £1bn a year, says report  
I do try to find good news stories about Brexit, but this kind of stuff keeps coming up  
"I'm on the Brexit diet. I fast on the days when Labour back Brexit, and eat normally on the days when they oppose it"  
Even flag-waving Falklanders don't want Brexit - Daily Mail  
The thing about brexit; almost everyone I like and respect doesn't want it. Almost everyone I loathe and despise wants it. 
@LiamFox  says free movement should end in 2019, not 3 years later, to keep faith with British people and referendum result 
Vote Leave offered a Final Deal Referendum to get people to vote leave; the same Referendum Brexiters now pretend lacks legitimacy.  
Labour can still halt Brexit says London Mayor @SadiqKhan in a swipe at @jeremycorbyn its part of his slow burn leadership campaign 
I'm a Leavemainer. Or a Releaver. Whatever you want me to be so long as you can't quite prove I want Brexit so badly it hurts. 
Vast majority of @UKLabour - MPs & Members - were & are Remainers. Now being liberated by people's change of mood & Govt shambles. #Brexit  
Brexit and the Loss of Financial Passport: How are the Brits being Fooled?   
Jobs lost to Brexit will be "nearly impossible" for Britain to regain, Swiss bank chief says  
If you had to pick just one reason why we're in this Brexit mess, what would it be? 
Liam Fox: using his freedom of movement, at taxpayers' expense, to fly around the world, be useless & talk Brexit BS  
I've never understood why the 1975 EU referendum is reversible but the 2016 one isn't. 
Former (and very fine) Brexit Minister @DavidJonesMP slams 'transition' deal lasting up to 3 years as 'dangerous' 
Free movement does not accord with the people's wishes, Liam FoxBrexit: Fox holds firm on opposing free movement -  
Unstoppable force, meet immovable object?No, #brexit is stoppable.  
Muslim Mayor Khan: "Brexit Can Be Stopped!" 
Two of my colleagues who have voted Tory all their lives didn't vote for them this time due to their post-referendum shambles and bigotry. 
5. Why is that such a toxic concept JUST with regard to the referendum? Surely after every election about half the country thinks that. 
Here are the British locations that will be hit hardest by Brexit  
Al Gore tells @carolecadwalla: 'Brexit, Trump, climate change, dark money, Russian influence, it’s all connected'  
1. Brexiteers: your BEST prediction now is that the UK will recover economically from Brexit within *30 years*. In other words… 
Dear @Telegraph, 9/10 academics anti-Brexit as it devastates our sector. Hence vote against May. Political attacks on unis is your answer?  
this article  by @jennirsl on Brexit and the Dunkirk spirit says it all really. do read 
Border chaos will hit hard after Brexit, says report  
A superb, well-researched piece by El Pais. UK universities are full of EU talent, but inflow now drying up. #Brexit  
Liam Fox denies cabinet deal on free movement for three years after Brexit. It's a Hammond Lie! 
Cost of Brexit is starting to kick in, reports the Sunday Times. No sign of £350m a week for NHS promised by Boris.  
Hammond's coup d'etat promises the softer Brexit business wants. Not DEMOCRACY! Weasel Hammond, Betrayer of UK Vote! 
.@davidallengreen on the problem with treating the referendum result as mandatory  
'Brexit causing crisis in hiring bar and restaurant workers in London,' says top hospitality boss  
"The likelihood is that, unless sense prevails pretty soon, this chaotic govmnt will take us over the cliff" #Brexit  
This from @adamboultonSKY sums up why it's been such a momentous week on #Brexit while @theresa_may abroad. My bet is on the middle option. 
"Brexit has plunged graduates from Britain’s leading universities into deep pessimism about their career prospects" 
BBC News - Brexit: @LiamFox holds firm on opposing free movement 
More Londoners voted for Brexit than voted for Sadiq Khan. The mayor would do well to remember that.  
Brexit means... higher taxes for drivers, lower income households, and others.  
The Brexit effect.. UK wages are falling at the fastest pace since 2014, adjusted for inflation. #Brexshit pic.twitter.com/K2a8NvBjCw 
Police hate crime reporting website has every religion EXCEPT CHRISTIANITY | Your Brexit  
Did people know that Brexit meant leaving the single market? Two weeks before EU ref, only 22% of Leavers thought full access was at risk.  
Sadiq Khan says Labour could stop the UK leaving the EU, is it not time we all unite and get behind Brexit?  
Theresa May MPSack Philip Hammond cos he has surrendered to EU and trying to stop #Brexit@AMDWaters via @UKChange 
Treacherous @PhilipHammondUK 's Brexit plans come under attack from key @BorisJohnson ally @DrGerardLyons 
British Medical Association research shows Doctors want to leave due to Brexit, worsening NHS staffing crisis #BrexitShambles #ToriesOut 
Every time a cabinet member says something that even verges on sanity, another one has to shout it down. #Brexit  
& so it goes on - Border chaos will hit hard after Brexit, says report  
Good to see this strong Observer editorial on #ETfees, rule of law, access to justice & its bearing on Brexit.  
You really couldn't make this up:Labour grandees call for Jeremy Corbyn to embrace softer Brexit Politics  Guardian  
Another gem from the Parris Brexit piece - a devastating indictment of the Conservative party he has championed.  
Matthew Parris powerfully pinning blame squarely to the Conservative's reckless Brexit game.  
“The 1999 constitution says only the people have the right to call a constituent assembly, presumably through a referendum .. " #Venezuela 
No matter how devastating #Brexit becomes for Scotland's Economy & our peopleThey will follow their London Party diktat at any cost to us  
Cabinet rift over free movement deal post-Brexit  
What Australia's most successful London money manager thinks of Trump and Brexit (Profiting from chaos?!  #auspol) 
As a British EU negotiator, I can tell you that Brexit is going to be far worse than anyone could have guessed  
Liam Fox denies cabinet deal on free movement for three years after Brexit  
BRITISH GOVT@RoyalFamily @TheresaMay_MP @PaulTArkwright U CNNT STOP BIAFRA RESTORATION IT IS AN IDEOLOGY#REFERENDUM  
Just about every previous leader of every party sees Hard Brexit as suicidal.Pity May and Corbyn don't.  
Calls to define Scotch in UK law to protect whisky exports after Brexit  
These are Treasury figures. #Brexit, if it isn't stopped, is going to impoverish us all. #StopBrexit now" 
.Brexit & Brexiters are imploding.....Sad! .. 
Best even Brexiteers are saying about Brexit now is "we'll survive/catch up with where we would've been in a few decades". What are we DOING 
Ach nein!  Reiner Unsinn!  Brexit does NOT belong to those who voted to Remain. We lost, remember!  It is all yours!  We don't want it ever! 
Really? ... And how will those "benefits" of Brexit practically and tangibly improve our daily lives?  
.Yes. THAT'S what Brexit Britain is REALLY going to need - a whole NEW drugs problem - for EVERYONE who eats beef. 
Remain a little closer every day, as we build to Leave Brexit far behind: an entry in the book of the world's worst political misjudgements.  
Labor will pursue a referendum on 4 year terms and indigenous recognition says @Bowenchris. #Insiders #auspol 
"Fox at odds with Hammond over free movement during the Brexit transition."Couldn't make up this comedy of errors.  
Bollocks, Madam. #Brexit is the biggest con-job of modern times, for which you (amongst others) are shamefully responsible. #StopBrexit now! 
."Sturgeon & SNP have been quiet since GE. Faced with shambolic Brexit, they may be happy to let events reach their DISMAL conclusion.". 
Brexit is a great by-product. The real goal is to dismantle the EU which has been a disaster for everyone except Germany.  
Brexit: Guy Verhofstadt warns Theresa May MEPs' voices 'will be heard' before any trade negotiations begin  
Luxembourg PM vows £50bn Brexit revenge. To buy a better fitting suit? via @MailOnline 
Former Tory MP Matthew Parris pulls no punches in this free-to-read Brexit piece.  
RT via @raycomerford: British lack of co-ordination on Brexit ‘beggars belief’via The Irish Times  
Brexit: #ProjectF**ked 
Philip Hammond is doing everything he can to delay and water down Brexit. His actions are treacherous. 
"We don't want to risk UK jobs over Brexit"What, you mean except the ones lost when EU PAID for UK manufacturing to move abroad?#SkyPapers 
It was Nigel Farage UKIP And it's members and supporters That forced Those politicians to give us the voteWe need to finish what we started 
Nobody any longer claims most of us will be better off as result of Brexit. It's unprecedented for a country to vote for poverty #skypapers 
Brexit means Brexit is such a pointless comment as no one agrees on what that actually is!  
One of the more endearing aspects of many brexitersa) they had their own personal Brexitb) they thought everyone thought the same as them 
There is no 'sensible' Brexit. We want a brave Labour Party which champions internationalism & immigration.  
Nigel Farage Confirmed if FULL Brexit don't happen He shall be returning to finish the job he started  
It's not complicated. If the people come not to want Brexit, why force them to have it? Who has the right to say to the people: 'no'? 
Prominent Brexit supporter wants to keep the part of the EU that benefits him personally  
100% Rod Liddle:if Brexit's softening, it's not b/c we've changed our minds, but b/c the Tories are f***ing it up. 
HAMMER BLOW FOR EU: Victory for Austria as Euro court in shock migrant ruling 
Bonkers prospect given it's entirely self-inflicted.  Border chaos will hit hard after Brexit, says report  
Little Theresa trying to find a Brexit deal that works for the country AND keeps her party together #BrexitShambles 
Is it me or are we starting to see more @UKLabour MPs argue not only for the Single Market but against Brexit? 
.Another £1 billion a year wasted because of BrexitWhat would £1,000,000,000 buy on the NHS? or in Schools?..... 
Border chaos will hit hard after Brexit, says report  
No. Brexit belongs to the Brexiters. You wanted it. You lied to make it happen and you will be held responsible for it.  
Remember also: Vote Leave's Campaign Director said he wanted and there was a "strong democratic case" for a Referendum on the Final Deal.  
Labour grandees call for Jeremy Corbyn to embrace softer Brexit  
In an age of Brexit and waning trans-Atlanticism, Europe is more valuable to Germany than ever before.  
Maltese prime minister: For the first time, I'm starting to believe Brexit won't happen  
."Brexit is implicated in EVERY SINGLE aspect of our food supply chain and risks imperilling the very health of the nation.". 
Our Parliament was once the envy of the world 
."I have a low opinion of Michael Gove. But Gove needs advice, because our whole food supply chain has been imperilled by Brexit vote.". 
'Soft Brexit will be DISASTROUS' Carole Malone slaps down June Sarpong in HEATED EU clash. Sarpong is thick !!!  
Too right. The cabinet consensus on open borders after Brexit must end. 
Car crashes happen in the blink of an eye. Brexit could have a slow-motion impact that will be no less harmful  
I love how Theresa May has ducked out and gone on her Holidays, leaving Hammond to completely dismantle Brexit, #Wasn'tMe  
Sadiq Khan: ‘Let’s Have Another Vote and End Brexit’  No - lets have another vote for  Mayor of London would be far more appropriate. 
Labour could still stop Brexit, says Sadiq Khan  
."Brexit is the biggest influence-REDUCING move EVER seen in Britain’s history of international relations." 
UK's public health benefits from EU safety standards. A must-read on policy after #Brexit & the risks @ProfTimLang  
Even by the #BBC's standards of blatant pro-#EU, anti-#Brexit #bias, this was laughable.You wonder how Swiss aircraft manage to fly at all 
Brexit will hit hardest across the South of England - and one place in Scotland 
This article by @jennirsl is brilliant. Voters are not remotely prepared for the reality of a Brexit.  
All very passionate , as I said in the referendum 2 rules. 1. Never trust a Tory and 2. Do not forget rule 1.  What a complete shambles ...  
Indeed.As a British man I own a Brexit. Been trying to flog the blasted thing for over a year but no fucker is daft enough to take it.  
EU Threatens To Strip Poland Of Its Sovereignty For Being 'Anti-Soros'  via @yournewswire 
The city that hates Brexit the most is fearing for the future  
London Mayor wants to make it Labour policy to stay in Europe and "trump" Brexit 
The Daily Mail's "Enemies of the People" front page fits the 'rule of law' part of the government's definition of extremism#Remain #Brexit  
Brexit solves nothing and creates more problems than it was meant to solve. #StopBrexit  
The EU is not 'Europe': #efta #brexit @OliverNorgrove  
The UK government's definition of extremism fits Tory MPs' responses to the Article 50 court case #Brexit #Remain #StopBrexit 
When you voted for #Brexit but didn't have a post Brexit plan in place.   
Oct 12 2016: An overtly fascist attack in the Daily Express on the democratic right to oppose #Brexit #StopBrexit 
Britain has lived w Tory Party for 300 years. So far it has rejected committing economic suicide. Brexit is Dignitas clinic for UK economy  
It's good to see that Labour are getting their intellectual heavyweights behind the Brexit effort.  
I don't know why they had to go to U. K. to see it but the Russians were all for Brexit and Cambridge Analytica was involved in it too. 
Vilagrasseta (western Catalonia) has become the first town in Catalonia to have a square dedicated to the October 1st referendum.Brilliant.  
It's not just that Brexit is going to be disaster on an epic scale - but the total incompetence of those allegedly handling it.Well said!  
At long last I've got finished proofs in my hand! The book that originally ended with Brexit, then with Trump & finally with fields is wheat  
#Labour can (and should) stop #Brexit , says @SadiqKhan ,  as we face #Tory #brexitshambles 
LibDems say no matter how bad Brexit deal is we've to go down with the sinking ship. Isn't that crazy? Who'd vote to be deprived of options?  
Everybody is saying it, the Tories don't have a clue about Brexit. It's time to stop the farce and the buffoonery, it's time to #StopBrexit 
Maltese prime minister: For the first time, I'm starting to believe Brexit won't happen  
.@baydemirosman to @K24English: "If I was eligible to vote in the #Kurdistan Region referendum on September 25, I would vote YES."  
Khan vows to make staying in EU Labour policy to 'trump' Brexit. You are not in power! Corbyn is not via @MailOnline 
Brexit could lead to new sea border with Ireland  
Can we please make sure that we acknowledge that Ken Clarke voted against it every time it comes up. Hate for him to be tarred by Brexit. 
Shut up "Khant" ! London Mayor Sadiq Khan 'Optimistic' Brexit Can Be Stopped   
This.@Bonn1eGreer in this week's @theneweuropean.Read it and weep for what our country is becoming #brexit 
Brexit belongs to the British people - not any political party - and the next 6 months are critical to its delivery  
Why are so many rich people in favour of brexit? Because EU is about to clamp down on tax dodging  
Sadiq Khan says Labour could still stop Brexit. Is Labour mad to think they can prevent the UK from leaving the EU?  
EU Commissioner Hogan: UK approach to Brexit talks ‘beggars belief’ – POLITICO  
Australia's Labor Party has pledged to hold a referendum on becoming a republic if it wins the next election.  
Stuck between a rock and a hard Brexit.  
The #StopBrexit Autumn of Discontent: Bournemouth, Brighton and Manchester. #Remain #Brexit  
I won't say there are no intelligent, rational people still backing Brexit - it's a funny old world - but the vast majority support Remain. 
Sadiq Khan Says Brexit Result Could Be 'Trumped' By Labour Manifesto Pledge On Remaining In EU - HuffPost UK  
Highly skilled labour is a key source of competitive advantage in the global economy. If #Brexit undermines that, the UK will be in trouble.  
If the government "drags #Brexit out with no change seen by the electorate, it will pay a heavy price"  @Telegraph 
The rich and powerful peddling #Brexit clearly don't give a damn about the harm it will inflict on ordinary people. 
No @DanielJHannan we are the patriots fighting to save our country from being wrecked by a greedy manipulative self-interested elite#Brexit  
"The Brexit secretary is playing it by ear with no guide to the melody" 
If Brexit Britain as muscular as Leave said it would be the USA would be taking our rules not us theirs. The EU didn't bend over like this. 
The @BBCNews allows lies to go unchallenged in the name of balance, but it denies Remainers even a semblance of balanced coverage.#Brexit 
Parliament should do the right thing and halt Brexit  
After Brexit UK will need to renegotiate at least 759 treaties.Ha, they don't even know what they want yet  via @FT 
This cannot be retweeted enough. Our government should be totally ashamed. This is why brexit took hold, govt mendaciously blamed EU.  
Labour can stop #brexit – but only with fresh vote, says Sadiq Khan 
#brexit is an unfolding disaster but instead of facing it, head in the sand brexiter commentators stick with "you lost, get over it"  
Sadiq Khan: ‘Let’s Have Another Vote and End Brexit’ – Wants EU Flag ‘To Fly Forever’.  Do you agree?       #fo2eu  
Gerard Lyons reminds us that the Deficit & Debt are Bigger Problems than Brexit  
Summary: May called GE on single issue of #brexit, ergo GE was 2nd #brexit referendum. 60% voted against May, Leave lost. Cancel brexit.  
In Britain many EU27 nationals are uncomfortable, the next group which is already being targeted for fear & hatred is Muslims.#Brexit  
REJECTION OF RESTRUCTURING BY THE NIGERIAN SENATE, A PANACEA TO MAXIMISING THE BIAFRA REFERENDUM CAMPAIGN  
The Labour left and Tory right agree on Brexit. Why don’t they merge? | Coffee House  
On #AJNewsGrid: Venezuela prepares for major referendum on constitutional changes. How would you vote?   
Ipswich could be one of the worst-hit areas in Britain if the country faces a “hard Brexit”   
Great Brexit podcast by @AdamsonPaul - interviewing tons of figures from author of Article 50 to the PM of Sweden... 
Good point. Labour is doing zero to stop Brexit, but does everything to stop the SNP.  
Failing London Mayor @SadiqKhan wants another #brexit referendum. Can Londoners have another vote NOW to unelect the failing mayor? @LBC  
Brexit can be stopped by a simple vote in ParliamentWhat's more it should be!Been in 3 Far Eastern countries - they are laughing at us!  
When you want no more immigrants, but also want them to keep doing "immigrants' jobs" #Brexit  
Worth retweeting this over and over again and pondering why newspaper owners were pro Brexit  
Brexit’s Irish Problem – A Semi-Personal Reflection. Wrote this longread few mths ago but publishing now. Do share  
Sadiq Khan says Brexit can still be stopped with second referendum  
.@theresa_may Why take a three week holiday?Take three years. We can start repairing the damage you have done with undemocratic #Brexit. 
Best way to make Brexit work for Leavers in England is for all the talented Remain voters to move to Scotland, vote Yes and stay in the EU. 
How far off are we from hearing Gove Johnson & Farage stating the bleedin' obvious, that Brexit is a ludicrous idea? 
Does it occur to non-migrants telling me abuse is no worse since Brexit they may not feel the sea getting cold from a heated swimming pool? 
This is a very good thread. Still can't believe how irish border is treated as minor point in UK media discussions on Brexit  
Brexit Britain Needs A Brexit Chancellor   @theresa_may   Petitition to sack Philip Hammond   … via @UKChange 
GB Shaw: 'All great truths began as blasphemies.' Here's one: the EU referendum was not democratically valid & gave no mandate for Brexit. 
Real reason for Brexit:  so filthy rich get UK out of EU before the EU crackdown on Tax Avoidance commences in 2019...  
Khan wants to overturn #Brexit with "a manifesto offer saying we would not leave the EU" – or another referendum.  
The @BBC being characteristically representative & fair as always; particularly in all matters Brexit...Oh wait... #BeTheGovernment 
So racists still don't like Sadiq Khan. In other news, Brexit is still an idiotic idea and the Pope is a Catholic 
Hi Andrew are we talking to ourselves again about futility of Brexit? Here's something from that layabout wise one who destroyed the UK.  
Malta's PM basically just endorsed Lib Dems' policy of 2nd referendum  
Why is he trying to water down Brexit and frustrate the referendum result?  
There are questions about why a study on the impact of EU migrants wasn't arranged earlier  
Brexit has shoved GB global standing down the drain.  
in which case Brexit didnt mean Brexit  
When the target is "the Others", question Brexit is to be traitor, undemocrat, a despiser of The Will Of The People 
Turns out, lots of people wanted Brexit, but without Brexit. 
Don't you love how #Brexit gang are trying to say it's ours too, now it's clear what a social & economic disaster it is? Nope, all theirs.  
Brexit belongs to the ideologues who put their beliefs before the national interest not the British people.  
SLAMMED: Hammond's 2022 'transition' means proper Brexit taking 6 years. Not good enough!  
This is the way forwardLabour could adopt anti-Brexit manifesto, says London Mayor  
Is this the same Japan that said Brexit risks investment, relocation of operations to EU & and wants immigration rules relaxed @BorisJohnson 
James Dyson: If Brexit talks fail with the EU it's 'no big deal'  
which just shows even vacuum cleaner inventor- geniuses could be criminally irresponsible prats when it came to the Brexit vote  
Yes you did. Tories went into 2015 GE saying if they won they would hold an in/out EU referendum. 
A transitional Brexit deal could provide Scotland with a 'straightforward' path into the EU as a full member  
If Labour adopt an anti-Brexit position it could stop the country leaving the EU, says London Mayor @SadiqKhan 
Brexit as therapy.By me, at @FT: 
Yes, there was no plan, no due diligence, yet parliament (inc Yvette??) voted in favour of holding EU Referendum! Entire parliament at fault  
Australia's Labor opposition vows republic referendum  
Scotland - who could want to jump off the Brexit cliff with this lot? We have a parachute. Let's use it.   
This is Facist double speak, the constant lies of Brexit.  We love our country and recognise that partnership beats isolation 
David Davis’ #Brexit deal puts us on course for a calamitous act of national self-harm  
First proof that Facebook dark ads could swing an election (#Brexit?) @carolecadwalla @J_amesp via @newscientist  
Sadiq Khan says Brexit can still be stopped with second referendum  
Rich man who advocated Brexit to make himself richer now wants benefits of EU to be replaced by British taxpayers.  
Invited to 'debate' #aviation and #Brexit on @BBCNewsnight last night. What debate!? My message: book your flights and enjoy your holidays! 
A damn good damning read by Matthew Parris in @thetimes!  Brexit: criminal, culpable recklessness. Nothing else for it, #StopBrexit 
The  "Idiocracy" in all its glory. "Our country weeps, it bleeds, and each day a fresh cut is added to her wounds." - Macbeth #Brexit  
#Brexit is GREAT! But need to WAIT until March 2019 to negotiate TARIFF-FREEimport of Chlorine-Washed Hormone-Injected US CHICKEN #remain 
Labour has a Brexit policy? Who's gonna break the news to them?  
"Brexit is an art of collective madness and national self-harm." @guardian @fromTGA #Brexit  
London Mayor Sadiq Khan says #Brexit could still be stopped by Labour  
A Tory MP said: Opposing Brexit will destroy Tories. Supporting Brexit will destroy UK. About time Tories put the country before themselves. 
I've wrecked the UK Economy, Lost AAA Rating, caused race hatred, and now off to live in France ... Thanks Idiots #BREXIT  
Now to question Brexit is to be some sort of traitor, an undemocrat, a despiser of “The Will Of The People”.  
This thread is worth a read, if you're interested in #brexit and the craven, amoral treachery of the British political elite.  
Carnegie: 'Brexit is the biggest influence-reducing move ever seen in Britain’s history of international relations'. 
Khan busy meddling to derail Brexit while London suffersGun crime 42%Knife crime 24%Acid attacks#CostOfKhan 
I'm British. #Brexit doesn't belong to me! I don't want it. Have it back. I'll never want it. It's rubbish!  
This is some thread. Shocko lays it out clear how Brexit is playing with fire. Again.  
#Brexit is not patriotic, it is an act of willful vandalism by people who couldn't care less about the damage it causes.#StopBrexit 
If 15-20 Tory Remainer MPs showed the backbone to stand up against #Brexit it would put Corbyn into a very uncomfortable corner#Remain 
8/ I'll tell you how: They'd laugh in our faces, tell us to accept the referendum result and not be such poor losers. 
7/ How would Remainers react if the Mayor of London was arguing the result of the referendum should be ignored and we should Leave anyway? 
6/ How would Remainers react if the Leavers were now doubling down on all the hyperbole and scare stories they put out in the referendum? 
Labour should adopt anti-Brexit manifesto, says London Mayor Sadiq Khan  
What patriot would roll over & meekly accept what they believe to be a catastrophic policy for their country? #Brexit #StopBrexit #Remain 
KHAN: Labour can stop Brexit. Establishment still in denial! When will they accept the will of the British people?  
The EU referendum was said to be 'advisory' until all of a sudden(after it had happened and with no further public discussion) it wasn't. 
So much pro-EU sentiment on Twitter is wrapped up in open contempt for the Brexit Elite.  
There you have it. #brexit is an economic disaster. And did we all warn you?  
#sadiqkhan shows contempt for democratic will of the British people by plotting to stop Brexit with 2nd referendum.  
Had I been PM at the time of the referendum result, I would have immediately ordered an independent report into the consequences of Brexit. 
Interesting isn't it. Clearest view of #Brexit is from across the Pond. Clearest view of Trump, likewise.  
Sorry, but I still don't support Trident renewal or hard Brexit. So no thanks.   
#Brexit snake oil  
"I back Jeremy. But we need to stop Brexit".  "Jeremy will not stop Brexit".  "Oh...I back Jeremy". 
.@VinceCable: Labour won over young voters. But it is betraying them on Brexit...  
The Irish are getting angry with the Brits over Brexit and are in no mood to be subservient on borders. This piece is a great read.  
There should be a 2nd EU referendum to vote on the negotiated details of #Brexit as the 1st referendum was a vote on lies and hunches. 
Nine of Northern Europe's ten poorest regions are in UK. Put that on a bus. #brexit  
I'm one of the British ppl & declare that Brexit does NOT belong to me. It 'belongs' to liar politicians Hoey, Stuart, Gove, Johnson et al  
My favourite thing about Matthew Parris's Brexit rage is his failure to mention he helped to make it happen by attacking Clacton's voters. 
London chaos last night but pathetic Sadiq Khan would rather moan about Brexit than restore order & protect police 
Today both @SadiqKhan and @labourlewis have come out against Brexit. Well done both. @UKLabour MUST get a grip of this disaster. 
Absolutely spot on from Matthew Parris, who eloquently sums up the recklessness of the Tories over #Brexit.  
Oh, Daniel Brexit is buckling under the weight of the lies of its own architects.Take some responsibility.It's your mess. 
Brexit is going well. Part 2931.  
On the road with @SadiqKhan – talking Trump, Brexit, Corbyn, Milibaes, mayoral power & terrible times in London 
  Brave men with a true view on patriotism. My own grandfather held the same positive views on Europe #Brexit 
Philip Hammond's power increases each day not so much because of his views on Brexit than the fact he's a lone pro in a govt of amateurs. 
Election euphoria won’t last if Labour doesn’t foil Brexit>this pretty much sums up what I think..  
The Tories are no longer fit for purpose. They have failed the country & the electorate. Brexit has shown their complete incompetency  
After Brexit, 'Great Britain' will be an oxymoron. 
Eurosceptics launch £50,000 fundraising campaign to 'Stop Tony Blair' destroying Brexit  
Failure to defend the Right to Freedom of Movement will send the clear message that our Rights are there to be taken away.#Brexit #Remain 
My new word of 2017 - Brhetoric, those stock words & phrases that have become the glib rhetoric of, & justification for, Brexit. 
This rebuttal to @OwenJones84 complete cave in can apply to any left #Brexit enabler who says "it's democracy"but   
Just two of the many gobsmacking paragraphs in this utterly excoriating #Brexit critique from the @nytimes.  
For the first time, I'm starting to believe Brexit won't happen  
This is the kind of blasé answer to real Brexit problems that's making the negotiations so difficult.  
If a referendum result was binding for ever, we wouldn't have a National Assembly for Wales. After losing in 1979, people didn't give up. 
Forget chlorine, there is only one patriotic way to prepare a Brexit chicken My column in @thetimes  
I left the Tories when Cameron yielded to Brexit mythmaker @DanielJHannan and turned the party against the EU. Tragic 
The Tory's appear to be split between killing the economy within two years or dragging Brexit out beyond May's term. Either way, it's awful. 
EU farming subsidies are often given to big landowners like Dyson and Duke of Westminster. One Brexit positive is their losing them... 
You have to ask why she claims she will do anything to stop #indyBut she does nothing to stop #Brexit taking our country to the brink!  
Great piece. The pro Brexit Spectator seems to be having a total nervous breakdown over this policy it championed.  
Brexit betrayal incoming...  
"I left Spain feeling ashamed to be British.I return to England ashamed to be a Conservative." Devastating. #Brexit  
Labour could still stop Brexit, says Sadiq Khan  
Great DAG response dismantling in essence, Brhetoric, those stock words & phrases that have become the rhetoric (& justification) of Brexit.  
Dear @UKLabour, It'd be no disgrace, just wise & mature, to ask the UK public if they've made a mistake over Brexit  
Good to hear the phrase "if #Brexit happens" being used on #r4today. We're pushing them back - each day is a day closer to victory. 
.@theresa_may sought to hide the benefits of EU migration, while she was Home Secretary, during #EUref #Brexit  
Thank you PM Rajoy!what Catalans will do on #1Oct2017 will be a self-determination referendum!Not a "coup-d'Etat" as yours ministers say  
Brexit is a national disaster Blame lies with -1 Cameron2 Murdoch, Dacre etc3 Farage, Johnson etc4 BBC for appalling coverage of issues 
The chlorinated chicken may become the national bird of BrexitBy me, at @FT on trade deals and self-determination: 
Republic requires constitutional change & referendum (+arguably plebiscite). Marriage Act can be changed by act of parliament.BIG difference 
Scottish Government referendum. UN monitored. If result is FOR Independence, UDI. I know of no other way.  
How quickly we've gone from 'Brexit Britain will be paradise on Earth' to 'don't blame me for it, blame the people'.  
"We're going to have a transitional period" is the new "Brexit means Brexit."  
Interesting piece: Kirsty Hughes: Hammond's Brexit transition deal could smooth path into the EU for indy Scotland  
If this country goes ahead with Brexit so much for evidence led, rational politics. We may as well take advice from Mystic Meg! 
yes one changes the constitution so needs a referendum, the other doesn’t, you drooling cretin.  
"Our membership of the European Union is not a set of restraints; it is what has been propping us up" #Brexit  
Brexit has already split the UK. Now it risks tearing Labour apart  
Criminals rioting in Dalston and nothing on BBC. The crims should have said it was an anti-Brexit riot and Newsnight would send a team down. 
And stopping Brexit. Don't forget that. #IfOnlyKhanDidWhatHeWasPaidForInstead  
Brexit: 'Labour runs the risk of appearing to invite economic doom for the sake of ideology' @johnharris1969 
While May's away: Hammond leads cabinet reshuffle on Brexit policy  
You can guarantee that Brexit's losers won't include farmers.  
Philip Hammond says EU nationals free to work in the UK after Brexit  
.@GOVUK seems amazed (& irritated) at inevitable refusal of others to just nod through ill thought out & often impossible  #Brexit demands  
Think it's incredibly important we understand what's going on with Brexit... implications so far look disastrous. 
Very encouraging @UKLabour can stop #Brexit @ChukaUmunna @RCorbettMEP @derekvaughan @Eluned_Morgan @mcashmanCBE 
Jobs lost to Brexit will be "nearly impossible" for Britain to regain, Swiss bank chief says  
Make sure you don't miss this spectacular event on the eve of our National Day 2017 celebrating the 50th anniversary of the 1967 referendum!  
Brexit: If the Tories priority wasn't the party & for Corbyn how to get to No 10 this act of national self harm would have been stopped. 
READ: "'A bit of me is dying. But I can’t stay': the EU nationals exiting Britain." The (in) human side of Brexit.   
"Britain is not an economic powerhouse waiting to be liberated." @jennirsl on why Brexit spells defeat.  
Mick Jagger can't get no satisfaction from #Brexit  
Establishing a republic requires a referendum you absolute dill.  
It's called democracy!' Radio host slates Remainer who says Brexit 'nonsense' won't happen  
Absolute SCENES as @EmilyThornberry came on stage at @PushTheButton to announce Kylie won the MinogueVMinogue referendum! #capturedbycorinne 
At @AusRepublic we hope that the PM will match Mr Shorten's commitment to a referendum in the next electoral term.  
Thanks to @PressClubDC for the award tonight. @Brexit  
Dutch fisherman fear they will not be able to work in British waters post brexit. Why the hell should they be allowed to work in our waters? 
2016 Referendum votes: 33,577,3421992 General Election votes: 33,614,074"Biggest exercise of democracy in modern British history": 1992 
totally agree Brexit is and always was an economic disaster  
Anyone else noticed the onslaught of American bots trying to convince us that chlorinated chicken is healthy? That's Brexit sovereignty! 
There is more opposition to #Brexit among younger and more educated Brits  
Clark's resignation unlikely to trigger election before 2019, NDP has more breathing room now. Greens want pop/rep referendum. #bcpoli 
Brexit meets the enclosures act ☞ These squares are our squares: be angry about the privatisation of public space  
Wouldn't it be great if Sadiq Khan was leader of the Labour Party, and had the courage to fight Brexit and not secretly push it through.  
It is a constitutional change that requires a referendum. You are not very bright. You probably should tweet less often. 
Labour can stop Brexit – but only with fresh vote, says Sadiq Khan | Politics | The Guardian  
Very unlikely that honest MPs will continue to support the mad folly of May's "brexit".It is just too damaging to Britain,so will be stopped 
Labour can stop Brexit, if it can find its original moral compass which appears to have been disarmed.  
Brexit has no substance, no clarity, no principles of true value; it's a wholly negative concept based on exaggeration, prejudice and fear.  
As Churchill had feared, allegedly, the UK had been punching above its weight for years, Brexit has now exposed a weak underbelly to all.  
For the first time, I’m starting to believe that Brexit will not happen. Doubt is creeping in. 
  @NicolaSturgeon & @fmwales "working with leader of the Irish government to block Theresa May’s [Brexit]". 
Invalid. Republic is constitutional issue & requires referendum. Marriage a reverse to Act which Howard changed. Do your job! #auspol 
"We must not let the Remainers fudge Brexit – it would cost us a good deal" #premium 
Thanks to the financial crisis and Brexit, Britain has lost all of its global functions in one great rush  
Let's not lose sight of this: Brexit and Trump are from the same sleazy nest of nationalism, chaos and gerrymandered votes. 
Wrong. Brexit belongs to you and it's failing! #exitbrexit 
Putin understands that all NATO's weapons will be useless if the political unity provided by the EU breaks down.#Brexit #StopBrexit 
"Will Britain's planes fly after Brexit?" I haven't seen your report but I'm going to stick my neck out and say "yes"  
Sparkly shoes, check. Red lipstick, check. On my way to @thervt @PushTheButton for the Minogue Referendum 
The Guardian front page, Saturday 29.07.17: Labour could still halt Brexit, declares Khan  
We're all paying for Brexit. Falling living standards, rising prices, a divided country. Time for lies is passed. Time for truth is upon us.  
Hold on a sec... "Impact"??? Brexit was supposed to make everything better...  
Won't change until we force it. Crime is rising exponentially. They're already sabotaging Brexit. ONE politician can fix this, @AMDWaters. 
Just 5 of the richest men in Britain paid for 61% of Leave campaign, Brexit was for the rich, by the rich, of the rich -and a few xenophobes  
Labour must not copy the Tories and embrace a destructive hard Brexit argues @johnharris1969 
."Brexit could be legitimately stopped if Labour included the pledge in manifesto or committed to 2nd ref". 
Bill Shorten is set to renew the push for an Australian republic, vowing to hold a referendum if he is elected as Prime Minister. #7News 
Brexit is just an act of national self harm that will damage business, trade, jobs, the economy and make us all poorer. #StopBrexit 
Who else remembers when duvets were called continental quilts, and do we have to revert back to itchy 'Dunkirk spirit' blankets after Brexit 
I concur w Nick. Re-joining more difficult than stopping brexit.Parlmnt can stop Brexit -even if a referendum may also be needed politically 
It’s important that we remain an EU member during the Brexit transition period – says head of aerospace body ADS Paul Everitt #newsnight 
Saturday's Guardian: "Labour could still halt Brexit, declares Khan" (via @hendopolis) #tomorrowspaperstoday 
#BBCNewsnight I warned some time ago that #Brexit will cause massive probs for #airline s  and air manufacturing:  
UK insists EU to have custody of Farage at weekends in Brexit divorce settlement  via @@RochdaleHerald 
England Lost: Mick Jagger releases Brexit-inspired solo songs  
BBC Political kingpin Andrew Neil besmirching the BBC project Brexit fear department. Brilliant stuff.  
Next general election 'will be second referendum on Brexit' MPs warn #premium 
Never said a truer word, @Nigel_Farage - We are paying for #Brexit in inflation, rising food prices, jobs, tanking economy, crashed pound...  
Philip Hammond says EU nationals free to work in the UK after Brexit  
#brexit .....every Brexiteer ought to go and see Dunkirk (Dunkerque) to appreciate the true significance of a fractured Europe. 
Have been saying since June 2016 #Brexit will break the UK union & that Scotland will be a fully fledged member of the EU.  
Warmly welcome .@SadiqKhan statement supporting #Referendum on #Brexit deal. Serious political heavyweight on board. .@jeremycorbyn next? 
GUYS, Travon has coined America's "brexit".  
Why would #business be satisfied with two year #Brexit transition? Transition to what? Kicking can down the road isnt a strategy. 
Theresa May is spending three weeks holidaying in Italy and Switzerland in the midst of Brexit. What's wrong with Britain Theresa? 
Tomorrow's front page: Transitional Brexit deal could open up a 'straightforward' path for independent Scotland into the EU  
Good to see Sadiq Khan agreeing with our call for final vote on Brexit deal with choice to stay in EU. Now over to Corbyn..  
Newcastle should move in with us post-Brexit. 
*Brexit Explained*  
Scottish Tories: "NO 2ND REFERENDUM!"English Tories getting kicked for Brexit disaster: "Can we have a 2nd vote?" 
Ireland is insisting that there be no 'economic border' with Northern Ireland after Brexit  
Labour can stop Brexit says Sadiq Khan | Politics | The Guardian  
#Brexit FFS for the last bloody time were leaving the EU stop trying to derail Brexit morning noon & night doing my head in give it a rest  
So Khan is clear. He wants to stop Brexit. So does Hammond. So does Cable. So many traitors.  
Sadiq Khan: exit from Brexit via Labour pro-remain in next gen eln or 2nd ref. Finally, senior Lab figure speaks out  
Labour can stop Brexit with fresh vote—pledge in manifesto or 2nd referendum would be legitimate, says Sadiq Khan  
Sadiq is mayor of a heavily pro-Remain city, but the country as a whole stands to lose a great deal. He's right to float second referendum. 
Amber Rudd is the only Government minister taking Brexit seriously  
Brexiters say, "respect the democratic will."In the case of Brexit, I won't. I have never respected decisions being made based on lies. 
Sadiq Khan makes bid to be leader of Remain/Return @guardian interview tomorrow (but only if GE/referendum mandate)  
Maybe the best article yet written about Brexit, by @jennirsl in @nytimes Key sentence: "Britons are not remotely prepared for this reality" 
Tory Brexit Betrayal Is Up And Running - UKIP  
Labour can stop Brexit – but only with fresh vote, says Sadiq Khan  
The Irish border is the Gordian Knot of Brexit 
.. & Brexit moreover SNP MPs will support any UK Government wishing to pursue progressive policies without being subject to Gov whipping. /6 
..for the interest of a party willing to issue a 3 line whip to support a Tory Brexit. Thirdly it takes independence completely off the.. /3 
..work like that. Secondly what it would actually mean is 35 more Brexit & Trident supporting MPs willing to ignore Scotlands interests.. /2 
.Brexit, eh?Taking back control?"Creating economically united Ireland in EU" 
The #CitizensAssembly reported in June. Oireachtas Committee will conclude by December. Why delay a referendum? #repealthe8th 
So does that schedule indicate a #repealthe8th referendum in June/July 2018? Why wait that long?   
At some point UK politicians in Westminster will have to grapple with the fact that Irish politicians in the Dail can block any Brexit deal 
I love it - I just LOVE IT -that you're getting so upset and emotional #Farage. Tide is turning. #Brexit is failing. You are crying. Good! 
Reminder - it was UK Govt who denied millions of hard working brits a right to vote in EU referendum, as well as many taypaying 16/17 yo's  
non-UK workers have already begun to leave the NHS...making effective transitional arrangements post-Brexit...vital 
Our take on the Irish Brexit announcement today.. 
In my view #brexit is a catastrophic error by UK.  I'd be happy to see you remain, if that can be managed, at this stage. 
Any person who supports the Kurdish referendum on the territories of the Turkmen territories is responsible for the innocent bloodshed.  
"And England. That's a mess. They tried to do Brexit, and they made a big mess of their schools. Dead girls in the alive girl bathroom."  
Tonight's topics. 1. The great Brexit betrayal 2. Hamburg Jihad  
Labour’s Brexit Shambles  
Labour are constantly shifting their Brexit stance depending on the winds of public opinion, writes @CharlieCooper8 
British policy on the Irish border question lies in tatters. Time to use Brexit to argue for a united Ireland? 
That awkward moment when Maybot & Davis become forever Remain heroes & Leave villains when Brexit doesn't happen bc of their incompetence. 
Few in the party, & next to none of the electorate, know the truth behind Labour's approach to BrexitBy @NickCohen4  
I just published “Where is home? A philosophical reflection on home, immigration, and Brexit”  
The joke's gone on too long. #Trump and #Brexit must go. And it wasn't even funny. 
Come on then. Counter it with something positive! Sovereignty? Taking back control? Brexit means Brexit?  
The is the problem with #brexit. It's totally unaccountable. If it were, it would have been stopped long ago.  
You call it negativity - we call it reality - Brexit is a bad idea 
The constant diet of BBC negativity on Brexit continues. You're paying for this remember.  
Chlorine washed chicken scare stories just anti-Brexit smears, we've been eating chlorine washed salad for years & drink it from tap water. 
Obviously no British plane will ever fly again after Brexit.  
Will Britain’s planes fly after Brexit? Aerospace body says UK must remain EU member during Brexit transition period  
2017 GDP growth so far: Austria: 1.5%, Spain: 1.7%, Sweden: 2.1%, France: 1.0%.Germany estimated at 1.2%+& #Brexit Britain 0.5%#Remain 
What Brexit policy? Abbott contradicts Corbyn over single market in latest car crash video  
Mick Jagger released two new songs in which he critiques Brexit and the “changing political situation” in the UK  
Because the Brexit leaders are rich enough to be unaffected by whatever happens. 
The very heart of the UK is in crisis as the impact of Brexit abhorrence continues. Time to stop, think and reverse.  
Guess I'm not the only one realising what a ridiculous, expensive and utterly pointless exercise #Brexit is... 
Brexit has failed Labour's Six tests @Keir_Starmer. The EU have confirmed less benefits & regions are harmed #Remain 
Patriotism means supporting your country.Patriotism does not mean supporting Brexit. 
For the most part, Brexiters, both leaders & followers, remind me of the mindless yobs who used to vandalize phone boxes.#Brexit #Remain 
I think its worth pointing out that the recent slew of articles in The Washington Times on Kurdistan’s referendum are paid advertorials. 
Brexit is not a "Dunkirk moment" of glory for plucky Britain, argues @jennirsl, but a dismal prospect of decline  
It must be so depressing for our Brexit-backing MPs to know they only have the support of the irrational, the ignorant and/or the racist. 
No Dunkirk Spirit Can Save Britain From Brexit Defeat - fab article. 9 of N Europe’s 10 poorest regions in Britain.. 
This is because Brexit is going to be stopped - the sheer idiocy of it is now so obvious that not even a lump of stone can fail to notice.  
Brexit inspired England Lost is the best Jagger track in years. It's genuinely superb and the video is fantastic  
Brexit or no Brexit, what most people really want is a more progressive and fairer society [OPINION]  
Brexit betrays our values @UKLabour :'We live together freely, in a spirit of solidarity, tolerance and respect' 
"No Dunkirk Spirit Can Save Britain From Brexit Defeat"Very good article in New York Times by @jennirsl 
This is the right time for Kurdistan's referendum. We have zero intention of animosity with Iraq. We want best relations with Iraq. 
Lord, I hope his obsession w/ the pub & alcoholism kills him. And I hope Brexit shegs him   
The Leave campaign. And why, when our eyes are opened to the reality of the Final Deal, a Referendum is unlosable.  
I'm sure Brexit will be great for all the small independent UK farmers who voted to leave the EU....Whoops. 
As @acgrayling  says “One painful year after that profoundly flawed ‘advisory only’ referendum, and the UK is in a mess”... thanks to Brexit  
Philip Hammond says there will be a 3 year transitional deal on EU. Does Brexit still mean Brexit? join me @lbc from 7pm 
I'm pleased to take part in the Kurdistan Symposium in Washington DC to discuss the future of Kurdistan, including the upcoming referendum.  
"Enough is enough: let’s stop Brexit before it does irrevocable damage" Worth a RT as momentum for change grows. 
We've progressed from the chlorinated chicken to the 'wouldn't it be nice if Ireland didn't exist' stage of Brexit   
Masrour Barzani, Chancellor of Kurdistan’s Regional Security Council, speaks about Kurdistan #referendum in Washing…  
'We will not be EU's pawn!' Leave boss says Britain SHOULD walk away from Brexit talks  
Pound down, investment down, debt up, inflation up, GDP falling, banks fleeing, crops rotting in the fields ... Brexit is Bullshit. 
Cabinet visit to Dublin overdue - since election & DUP deal, seems extraordinary there has been no visit to neighbour key to Brexit:  
In backing Brexit, the DUP invited the Republic of Ireland (as an EU member state) to have a say in the affairs of Northern Ireland. 
Asking us to design #Brexit border is akin to, say,America wanting to build, oh, a wall and trying to get another country to pay for it. 
Lots of people who wanted to stop Brexit voted Labour. Because they thought Labour playing a good game. I did. Many will feel betrayed. 
Re "transition plan", when is every single Tory Remainer MP going to pledge not to use such a delay to try to block/further dilute Brexit? 
A leading politician has just backed NIGEL FARAGE to storm back into British politics  via @Your Brexit 
I'm noticing that the more it becomes clear the govt is utterly unprepared for #brexit negotiations, the angrier the r/w bigots are becoming 
Once sovereignty of parliament has been handed over to 'the people' in form of a referendum then the democratic verdict is final. 
Brilliant piece on Brexit, or how people can be persuaded to vote against their interests in favor of nostalgia.  
47.5M did not vote for #Brexit & 1.9% swing would have reversed the result. Are we really letting divisive rhetoric destroy UK? #StopBrexit 
#Brexit may take much longer to protect UK economy from shock 
Taoiseach @campaignforleo stated today we will not support any UK proposals involving a hard border in Ireland in the context of #Brexit.  
Malta's #Labour Prime Minister Joseph Muscat sees 'hopeful signs' that #Brexit might not happen :  
Brilliant, and dismal, analysis of Britain's Brexit prospects, by @jennirsl:  
Irish Government “far too passive” on Brexit challenge - @mattcarthy  
Civil servants have a mantra that will serve them well if they are involved with Brexit: never underestimate the power of inertia. 
The referendum has politicised a generation but not because they want to stop Brexit. That's why they voted for Jeremy Corbyn not Tim Farron 
Young people, who mostly feel the victims from Brexit, are more determined than ever to vote in their material interests on domestic issues 
BREAKING: Man 'shouts Allahu Akbar' and stabs shoppers with machete in major city 
If young people see Brexit as not in their material interest their desire to vote for a party that'll try compensating for that is magnified 
Sir James Dyson warns government not to cut farm #subsidies after the UK leaves the EU  #Brexit #KeepBritainfarming 
"Nobody knew Brexit could be so complicated"  
Conference on Kurdistan #Referendum in Washington. Kirkuk Governor argues for independence  
There'd be no brexit without @jeremycorbyn which means whole labour manifesto unaffordable , but meh , let's keep talking about the past... 
Read why I came to UK, managed to fall in love with Nursing & how #Brexit have put my life & my dreams #InLimbo:  
Brexit will be a boom for the international asset strippers. They'll strip this country bare. 
Maltese PM: I'm starting to believe Brexit will not happen | Politics | The Guardian  
UK growth compared to other EU countries. Brexit isn't working...  
Nigel. Please return to front line politics & sort out this Brexit mess.  
Brexit Boom: Amazon, BMW and Quorn Announce Major Investments in 'Brilliant' Britain  #fo2eu 
For ease : The great British Brexit robbery: how our democracy was hijacked 
Well you told everyone Brexit was a victory for Ordinary people and it clearly doesn't mean that!  
New Statesman's last 24 hours- Wishes John McCain dead- Fantasy Brexit analysis - Absolves Diane Abbott for smearing Theresa May  
If Labour stood up against #Brexit it would only take 15-20 Tory Remainer MPs to finish the entire project. #Remain #Corbyn #StopBrexit 
Odd how the same people that lambasted Yes supporters as ‘Bravehearts’ are now clutching ‘Dunkirk’ to their Brexit bosoms. 
Looks like growth in the rest of EU is gathering momentum as the UK slows down. The most obvious explanation - #Brexit.  
We are 45 mins from Brexit destruction and I have evidence of WMD - ahh shut the F up you liar  
After a week of Labour confusion on Brexit, @1000cuts has had enough  
France doesn't hang about... #Brexit  
Here's the whole article from @POLITICOEurope on Catalonia. Definitely worth a read. Stay tuned for Oct 1 Referendum on Independence!  
If you can afford it, think about doing this.#brexit  
Trump/Brexit: turns out to be the most incompetent revolution in political history. Neither getting anywhere. Neither has a clue. 
Defiant Varadkar tells British: we won’t design Brexit border for you  
My wife is an EU citizen in UK. We're leaving for NL in 3wks b/c of Brexit and then I'll be a Brit in EU so our uncertainty continues... 
I have declared war on the Brexit metaphor. Who is with me?  
Past experience tells us that if Blair says there's evidence, there's probably 0 evidence. #BeTheGovernment #Brexit 
One of the problems facing Brexit and those looking for a free britain is that streak of piss Hammond who is very pro EU. He should be fired 
Current President of the European Council: For the first time, I'm starting to believe Brexit won't happen  
You don't want to miss this tonight. Unblocking @PimlicoPlumbers U-bend #Grenfell #Brexit #Corbyn #Tories #theauldfellaVince 
The Hammond-Rudd alliance redefining Brexit: Andrew Grice for @IndyVoices 
Look beyond the headlines and there is plenty of good Brexit news about, writes @kathycps 
"In ignoring party’s remainers & embracing hard Brexit, Corbyn risks inviting economic doom for sake of ideology" 
Former Irish PM calls Brexit 'an act of insanity'  
France, Spain, Austria and Sweden growing 2-4 times faster than the UK. Value of £ continues to plummet. Still think Brexit is a good idea? 
Latest from me. On Labour, Brexit & the perils of Disaster Socialism  
BEANO: Brexit Existing As Name OnlyFrom Jack of Kent, September 2016. 
Britain's consumer confidence falls to the level seen just after the Brexit referendum  
If you're trying to keep up with Labour's position on Brexit, apparently Diane Abbott's hairdresser is holding weekly seminars.  
British Airways's Willie Walsh is optimistic over #Brexit - Unlike Remoaner O'Leary  
Labour Brexit ShamblesSingle mkt membershipSunday OUTWednesday IN/OUTMonday OUTThursday INThe Chuckle brothers could do a better job  
Here's Kolakowski on Communism. Some day people will concede the same things of Brexit and how it happened.  
No Irish proposal for Brexit sea border, says Coveney  
Feeling betrayed and after years in the UK, many EU citizens are leaving before Brexit. Some Britons are going too.  
Former UK-EU negotiator: May is handling #Brexit in the 'absolute worst way' possible. #StopBrexit #Remain 
Real people Real feelings Real impact. Brexit will make Britain poorer in so many ways. Time to fight to #StopBrexit 
British Airways owner latest to dismiss scaremongering on Brexit  
It would surely be logistically easier to cancel Brexit, and apologise to the British people for all the Vote Leave lies #exitbrexit 
This week's Scotland in Europe update is out, and features a #TTIP-shaped blast from the past. #Brexit 
F*** this s***!!! Hammond has been a complete disaster since he became Chancellor.  No interim garbage; just get us out of the EU. #brexit  
This Swiss bank chief is optimistic that a "win-win" resolution can be secured for Brexit  
MT @ashley_j_kirk: UK's top concern. NHS replaced by econ worries during crash. Now #Brexit rears head  h/t @RichardA 
Yes, this. A year on, the sorrow and anger about #Brexit is just as strong.  
Maltese prime minister: For the first time, I'm starting to believe Brexit won't happen  
"Special Deal on Brexit for NI can and should be consistent with principle of consent," says @StephenFarryMLA  
Mick Jagger releases new track called "England Lost" that reflects the soul-searching in Britain since Brexit vote  
It was 'IRRESPONSIBLE' to allow British public to vote on Brexit, says Richard DawkinsElitist cunt. 
Alexandros and Heidi had stones thrown through their windows the day after the referendum, and their 6 year old was told to "go home". 
In Paris, great to meet w @partisocialiste &  @benoithamon to discuss progressive politics in age of #Brexit #Trump #Macron & @jeremycorbyn 
Former Irish PM Bertie Ahern on Brexit: "We're mad, but we're not that mad" (not mad enough to leave the EU too).   
Steve Coogan on Brexit, Partridge, Corbyn and the press. Great read by @MsEmma_Jones for @TheNewEuropean: 
.@Keir_Starmer response to Philip Hammond’s comments that the UK will seek a Brexit transitional deal  
Brexit: Wanted by Trump, implemented by May, supported by Corbyn. I will always be against Brexit and I will always be against all of them. 
Fresh Labour confusion as John McDonnell and Keir Starmer contradict Jeremy Corbyn on Brexit 
That has justified Mazi Kanu & IPOB's stance that;restructuring is a charade.#Referendum is key.  
@PutinRF_Eng it's time for democratic processes rather than physical war by Nigerian gov' against Biafrans, #support #Biafra #referendum  
Johnson & Gove lied over #BrexitEffect of their lies is devastating And yet they are unashamed and in the Cabinet UK public life stinks 
Migration curbs ‘will be eased in slowly’ This is a complete sell-out. A total betrayal of the Brexit decision. 
#Brexit Remoaner bore Philip Hammond man up grow a pair of balls, stop pussyfooting around, were leaving EU 2019 you batting for  or EU pic.twitter.com/pFsgCQ52qJ 
It is recession, not immigration that has hit real wages in recent years #LeaveLies #Brexit #StopBrexit 
Me when Brexiteers opine that Ireland should join the UK to solve the problems of Brexit.  
Bill, there is a national emergency on power prices and you think people care about a referendum on a republic? #OutOfTouch 
Philip Hammond is proving to be more of an opposition to crippling Hard Brexit than Corbyn McDonnell & Abbot.  
.@billshortenmp pledges #referendum on Australian republic if he wins next election @newscomauHQ 
This was the Labour party's #Brexit policy adopted unanimously at last year's conferenceWe must keep all options on the table!  
#AmberRudd decides it's a good time to look into the effects of #Brexit ... my cartoon for today's @Independent 
Brexit is a national disaster Blame lies with1 Cameron2 Murdoch, Dacre etc3 Farage, Johnson etc4 BBC for appalling coverage of issues 
"Accepting Brexit because I’m a democrat”. Of course, implies that if you don’t accept Brexit, or question the referendum, you are not.  
Interesting thread from an Irishman in Scotland on how differing Irish-UK histories are being brought out by Brexit.  
Hammond rejects Dublin's plan for Irish Sea border after Brexit  
Maltese PM on Brexit. Pay attention, Jeremy Corbyn.   
"UK targets preferential trade terms with Mexico after Brexit":  via @Reuters 
British Airways owner slaps down Brexit alarmists as profits take off  
Civil war ahead! Tories deep Brexit schism  exposed as Hammond & Rudd plan for second referendum. Big lump of sago about to hit several fans 
Bargain-hunters armed with foreign currencies are taking advantage of the weaker pound after the Brexit referendum  
In the end, those who funded and campaigned for #Brexit will be the first out the door - leaving the rest of us holding their fucking mess. pic.twitter.com/hstZZYb4y8 
Maltese PM: I'm starting to believe Brexit will not happen  
You can set your watch to the daily tweets in which some UK political figure blithely suggests annexing the Republic to make Brexit easier.  
REALITY: British Airways owner dismisses scaremongering on Brexit, EU tourism industry needs British citizens.  
Even POLAND wants Britain to end free movement! Top minister says he's 'happy' with Brexit  
Does Brexit mean Brexit? Gov position is as we predicted 2 months ago: no deal in 2019; no bespoke transition; EEA & customs union members  
"As a British #EU negotiator, I can tell you that #Brexit is going to be far worse than anyone could have guessed."  
Remember the SNP scaremongering about gullet cancer operations before the referendum? This was who perpetrated it. Now an MP.   
It's not a transition, it's a surrender to reality  The time has now come to stop Brexit for good.   
The @BBCNews makes such a fetish of 'balance' that it allows lies to go unchallenged, but it almost totally ignores Remainers!#Brexit 
UK is leaving EU, good luck with that, but keep your nose out of Irish affairs.  Happy #brexit. 
More problems for May's ill thought out #brexit plan,  this time threatening the peace process and her majority 
British Airways owner slaps down Brexit alarmists as profits take off  
The Page 94 podcast on Brexit and Blood: Free movement of people with every download!  
Britain hopes to negotiate a Brexit "transitional period" of up to three years after leaving the EU in 2019  
Brexit is crumbling ☞ EU nationals free to work in the UK for years after Brexit, says Chancellor Philip Hammond  
Oops ... Councils ask Treasury to replace lost EU regeneration funds post-Brexit  
Treasury knows minority Gov needing fiscal space to keep Commons on side, cant risk discretionary fiscal shock =multi-year Brexit transition 
Diane Abbot announces 5th change on Labour policy on Brexit in 5 days. they've adopted more positions than the karma Sutra 
Which is a betrayal of the Brexit vote  
#eu workers in Holland & Belgium have always had to register. You don't need #brexit to be able to do this. The #UK found it too expensive 
Air France-KLM agrees option for Virgin Atlantic ownership in event of hard Brexit  
There is no Brexit which puts jobs first. Brexit = austerity. This is a political nightmare. 
Yep the Treasury's post-referendum sterling projection was spot on, last I checked... what it got wrong was predicted shock to consumer  
Perhaps the two most over-used words in the English language this year are “despite Brexit”, says @Bill_Carmichael 
"We have a limited amount of time to negotiate a good Brexit deal for the UK!" says Theresa May, who's currently on a 3 week holiday abroad. 
\ @VinceCable absolutely right in his attack on Corbyn's collusion with the hard-Right on #Brexit #StopBrexit 
Biafra: IPOB Hails Nigerian Lawmakers For Rejecting Restructuring, Says Referendum The Only Way Forward  
UK & EU must work harder 4 citizens hit by Brexit - EU must change stance to protect citizens' rights, say Lib Dems  
London is a solid Remain city. Already people are losing jobs, money & hope because of Brexit. @LBC insulted London by giving Farage a job. 
... clearly UK growth is better relatively than dire Treasury referendum projection, but is notably worse relative to last year & Europe 
So the most Unionist voting areas of Scotland will suffer hardest with Brexit, talk about cutting your nose off to spite your face! #ScotRef 
Maltese PM: 'The mood is changing. I'm starting to believe Brexit may not happen.'  
Govt decisively considers taking steps to look at eventual plans to maybe formulate possible ambition for Brexit  
This is what Corbyn & his supporters do, demonise those who oppose him, make him look saintly & conceal his pro Brexit stance.  
Even POLAND wants Britain to end free movement! Top minister says he's 'happy' with Brexit  
This is a nasty, juvenile  parody of the middle class. My neighbours voted in Labour MP with huge majority & are overwhelmingly anti Brexit  
Bertie Ahern on Republic leaving the EU to resolve Brexit border issues: "an act of insanity. We're mad but we're not that mad" #skynews 
It seems @hmtreasury is slowly reasserting itself over Brexit. Which is to the good. Suspect this is only the start 
Does anyone know what Labour's position on Brexit is?  
Hammond never wanted, nor will fight for, #Brexit  
Brexit is already morphing before our eyes into 'soft remain' - keeping payments, single market and free movement - just losing influence. 
Brexit transition must end by 2022, says Hammond  
Watch this clip & ask yourself why is  Corbyn advocating hard Brexit like the Tories and not  holding them to account like Hilary Benn?  
Well PM of Malta 17.4 Million Brexiteers have news for you, and its all BAD We are NOT having a 2ND Referendum not for YOU or anyone else   
Maj-Gen Tim Cross, a leading voice of Veterans for Britain, said this during the referendum. Very apt today: 
How's the Brexit working out for you leavers..... time to go Scotland #ScotRef 
Intriguingly the Maltese PM who has called for a second UK/EU referendum has just fought an election based upon a corruption scandal 
If you voted for Brexit, does any of this surprise you?   
Hammond has to go, he serves no purpose to #Brexit only to thwart. If you refuse to implement the will then you have no place in high office 
I was against Brexit. But I'm still amazed by how corrosive it's turning out. No one understood anything about it.   
MPs constantly bang on about encouraging people to vote. We had a referendum, voted in droves. Philip Hammond ignores the result. 
Philip Hammond talks about a transition period with great delight, hard to contain his excitement, deliberate scuppering #Brexit#OnYourHead 
Britain should fight for second Brexit referendum - Malta PM  
Over a year after the Brexit vote, the Government decides to do a thing that it should have known about a year before the vote.  
Friends! LIES!Labour just wants a Flexible Brexit in which Britain can be both in and out of the Single Market, Customs Union, and the EU.  
I thikn the aim is to replace the UK population in that time, give them voting rights, have a 2nd EU referendum and stay in.  
FOI reveals Home Office has not sought advice of ANY experts on the post-brexit border. I mean why would they?  
BARNIER’S BLUFFING: Rees-Mogg savages EU boss over bid to stall Brexit  
Should #philHammond who wants #Brexit deal which keeps Britain entangled in free movement with EU be sacked? @PhilipHammondUK 
Ireland believes UK #Brexit plans threat to peace process  
Maltese PM Muscat ‘hopeful’ Brexit might not happen – POLITICO  
DUP warns of 'very hard border' over tougher Dublin stance on Brexit  
I can't help but feel that Northern Ireland is where Brexit may ultimately become unstuck.  
If #TheresaMay thinks she can sell a soft Brexit to those who want a complete Brexit, she should GET OUT of Downing Street now. 
If we care about austerity, stopping #brexit comes first. There is no People's Brexit. The only brexit is poverty brexit. 
The Home Office has admitted it hasn't consulted any outside experts about the impact of Brexit on the Irish border  
A lot of people that voted for Brexit will be dead by then.  
The European Court of Justice can’t rule over EU nationals post-Brexit.  
The time has come 2 decide the future: A look at the #Kurdish independence referendum set for Sept 25 @FalahMustafa 
Brexit will push up grocery bills and lower income Brits will be hit hardest. Lexiters: did you vote for this?  
Please may we not have Brexit so I can get my fucking life back? 
Any reasonable person can see Brexit is going to be an economic disaster. Thank F*** the EU Ref wasn't mandatory. We can stop this madness.  
I'm afraid this has been the DUP #Brexit "strategy" all along. They just make up their own facts.  
FYI:The whole cheap food import from US push is because otherwise millions of Brits will starve post-Brexit and the Government knows this. 
If I'm only welcome because of my economic value, I am not welcome at all!How do we measure the value of human beings? #immigration #Brexit  
Prominent Leaver recognises Brexit is going to be an economic disaster & believes it's rediculous to pursue it.  
The economic costs of Brexit laid bare. Fewer jobs, less investment, higher debt. This is the economic strategy of Corbyn & May - decline.  
UK drinks giant Diageo will thrive after Brexit – with or without a trade deal.  
My piece in today's Red Box: May must make a Brexit cabinet to drive the road to negotiation triumph  
Brexit means a nominal departure from the EU whilst staying within it in every practical manner. The May position - July 2017 
Should @theresa_may #SACK @PhilipHammondUK HE'S GOING AGAINST MAJORITY OF #UK PEOPLES #BREXIT WISHES 
Here are the British cities that will be hit hardest by Brexit  
Labour are in exactly the same position over Brexit as the Tories - frozen in the headlights of incompetence. #WeDeserveBetter 
The PM is hiking in Italy while Cabinet tries to make its own policy without her. Yet more Brexit chaos.  
.@jeremycorbyn plying to the Gallery. Labour Brexit 'policy' changes more often than the weather here in Scotland #brexitshambles 
Those talks look way behind schedule - plus Friday's other Brexit headlines  
Not even 9am and the most scintillating Brexit debate has already taken place.Kudos random bald man, I await our next duel.  
Brexit  
New post: The UK slowdown is a result of Brexit and austerity   
Trump's failure to sink Obamacare has parallel in UK's slow realisation on impracticality of Brexit. US and UK unravelling at the same rate 
Also for many Brexiteers, Brexit is never going to look right, Farage was supposed to be their PM by now. 
This week in Labour Brexit flip-flopping:  
The anti-Brexit cognoscenti seem unwilling to welcome any positive economic data  via @BrexitCentral 
England Lost: Mick Jagger releases bleak Brexit-inspired songs  
Hammond on #r4today not denying the Brexit process is anything other than a damage limitation exercise. 
Brits are more worried about the economy than at any point since the Brexit vote  
Good news Friday the government might be moving towards a jobs first Brexit !! #senseatlast @Telegraph 
An association of local authorities in England and Wales wants billions in EU funding replaced after #Brexit  
Stark and simple - UK finance min Philip Hammond tells BBC in 2019 we leave the EU, the Single Market & the Customs Union. #brexit 
There's a weird manic intensity to the scorn the BBC reserves for anyone who opposes Brexit as with @RichardDawkins on @BBCr4today just now. 
Plans? Home Office has spoken to no experts re #Brexit impact on Irish Border - my exclusive in today's @irishtimes 
READ | Clueless Diane Abbott threatens to keep UK trapped in single market after Brexit - that means OPEN BORDERS! 
The results of tonight's Minogue referendum will be revealed by the iconic @EmilyThornberry on stage shortly after midnightThere we are  
Why now? Wouldn't this have been the kind of info we'd want BEFORE a Referendum? These people are idiots.  
"Bin there"THAT SINGLE LABOUR #BREXIT POLICY IN FULL  
Curbs on free movement will be eased in slowly, says Rudd. That's not the Brexit, we voted for! 
A united Ireland is one of the logical results of Brexit......*ducks*  
Ah lads. "UK Home Office admits it hasn't consulted any external experts on effect of Brexit on Irish Border".  
EU's chief negotiator warns of poor progress in Brexit talks  
EU citizens will still be allowed to come to live and work in UK after Brexit, Home Secretary reveals. She has to go 
Wish I could say #brexit belongs to only the morons who voted for it. Unfortunately, all of Britain will have to suffer the consequences. 
#Labour 's left is increasingly alarmed about #brexit & about effects of leaving #single market:  via @SPERIshefuni 
Labour's Brexit Shambles This Week:  
Just listened to Donaldson on @BBCr4today. Who would have thought Brexit would prove a total cl*sterf*ck when it comes to Ireland? 
Before us Brits get all sniffy over the Trump presidency we should remember that, unlike Brexit, it will come to an end. 
Yet more #Brexit good news from LIAM FOX NEWS - the BBC's happy channel!#Brexitshambles #LiamFox #BBC #Tories #Corbyn #BrexitExit 
Govt must be consistent in messaging & policy. Economy/Business must be at the heart of #Brexit  
To Remain MPs who think they can wait until March 2019 to vote down the deal? It will be too late to stop effects of Brexit. Act now! 
Councils ask Treasury to replace lost EU regeneration funds post-Brexit  
Amazing. Now the Daily Express is running negative stories about the impact of Brexit  
No surprise in this but big implications for Scotland : Irish want sea border with UK after Brexit | The Times :  
Registration system government promising for EU citizens post Brexit is possible WITHOUT quitting EU.   
Sounds like UK cabinet have belatedly realised Brexit means Bollocks.#transition#panicstations 
Very important post from Labour MEP about changes to migration we can make without #Brexit!  
CBI want us to stay IN the single market and customs union. This has Cabinet support and means Brexit is purely nominal. The great betrayal 
Ah, so that's what Brexit means! Losing the democracy and the influence but still paying and keeping foreign judges!  
Brexit is going to make us worse off - and more and more of us know it (). 
Ireland wants full free trade with the UK post-Brexit. Easy. Dump Brussels & join our new USA/UK free trade deal. Freedom Calling. 
BBC says large shops losing sales due to Brexit. Nonsense - it is to do with the Internet where you can get the same goods only cheaper. 
Lord give me Brexit - but not just yet  more signs that Brexit tomorrow but never Brexit today move grows inside govt 
Hammond is like Japanese soldier on remote Pacific island who doesn't realise war is over#Brexit wonWe are LEAVING 
2018 will be a referendum on the sleepless nights #Republicans are causing all of us. This isn't how democracy works for the people. #Resist 
This is a fact. 2018 will be a referendum on @GOP, @realDonaldTrump, & if America believes if #HealthCareIsARight or a privilege. 
QUISLING @PhilipHammondUK (DestroyerOfUK) wants 'Brexit deal which KEEPS Britain entangled in free movement with EU'  
2018 will be a referendum on the harm that the Republican Party needlessly inflicted on millions of people by sabotaging their health care. 
Amid Brexit anxiety, international students remain crucial to British universities  
We've been betrayed. Corbyn and McDonnell see Brexit as an opportunity to fulfil Tony Benn's. philosophy & agenda on Europe  
If you voted for Labour at the last election, voted remain in the EU ref, but don't agree with Corbyn's pro Brexit stance, sign here  
As with the #Brexit vote in Northern Ireland - you are in the minority, yet you still expect others to pay the price for your folly. 
Dublin pushes for Irish Sea to be new border with UK after Brexit  
Thanks @3x10tothe8 for sharing this with me. This is @PIIE's director discussing Brexit. (I've watched 5 min so far)  
#MakeAHorrorFilmLessScaryCancel Brexit before 29th of Mar 2019 
Op Ed in Washington Times: "Kurdish referendum is legitimate but outcome must be peaceful and democratic"In...  
Brexit.... How you can overturn it simply, democratically, patriotically and effectively  
Bollocks!#Corbyn4PM doesn't advocate a hard Brexit.He knows however, that if you don't respect democracy you very soon don't have any.Ok? 
If we held a referendum asking Vermont whether you or Bernie should leave, who do you think they'd choose? 
2) they genuinely see no connection between Brexit & Trump,like the 5 yr old telling the 4 yr old to break a vase then saying "it wasn't me" 
Home Office’s lack of action on post-Brexit Border ‘is shocking’  
"Britain’s Home Office has admitted it hasn't consulted ANY external experts on effect of Brexit on Irish Border". 
Labour Brexit split widens as Sir Keir Starmer says we must not 'sweep options off the table'  
Labour leadership should 'get off the fence' before it falls; find the courage and spirit to dump Brexit before millions dump you.  
That's because BOTH the Tories AND Labour are forcing us ALL towards a disastrous BrexitThey don't care about us. 
It is obvious that Tories have no coherent plan for Brexit negotiations They are trashing the country while they bicker and feudDisgrace! 
Consumer confidence back at Brexit vote low - GfK survey  
.Well done DUP!"May facing tough demands by Irish govt - Irish Sea become country's post-Brexit border with UK". 
17,410,742 Voted to leave the EU 
We can fix the reasons people voted Brexit-lack of jobs, housing, public services & inequality without leaving the EU. (1) 
There's Brexit Jeremy shouting down UK's best performing NHS. A remarkable NHS considering Labour burdened it with crippling PFI debt.  
New video. Labour's position on Brexit has been all over the place this week. Here's the sit-back-and-enjoy summary: 
8 of our top 10 export countries are in Single Market  All UP on 2016  If UK was run like a business,Brexit would be shelved tomorrow.  
The govt should have ironed out all problems with #Brexit BEFORE calling referendum. Terminal error #StopBrexit before Brexit stops Britain  
Deeply ironic/ shortsighted of DUP being pro Leave as Brexit now likely to distance NI from GB and bring us closer than ever to the Republic  
In Friday’s Times: Move border to Irish Sea after Brexit, says Coveney  
It's about to get real in Brexit talks about the border. This has been coming a long way out.  
There is plenty of good Brexit news, we're just ignoring it   and lots of people seem to agree 
This is what a Tory Brexit has always been about. More power to corporations. Eliminate workers rights.Yes. It is "exciting".   
When ever Vince Cable talks about #Brexit never forget he was awarded a knighthood for delivering austerity to struggling people. #LibDems 
Brexit may belong to the British people but there is no patriotic Brexit party in Parliament to ensure its faithful & successful outcome.  
By pursuing Brexit Tories aren't resolving their splits. only creating greater ones.It's an act of self-destruction 
Friday's Times: "Irish want sea border with UK after Brexit"#tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers(via @hendopolis) 
Diane Abbott effectively confirming on @BBCNewsnight that Lab have about 3 #Brexit policies with hard Tory #Brexit being their favourite  
Brexit. 'An act of national auto-mutilation pursued despite pursuers knowing it to be such.'   
I campaigned in 1975 not for a boring trade pact, but for an exciting growing political Europe that would end centuries of war.#Brexit. 
It's almost as though there was lots of massive pitfalls in the idea of Brexit people should have realised before the vote. #Newsnight 
Delighted former Peterborough MP @Stewart4Pboro to carry on his great Brexit work as Chief of Staff to @DavidDavisMP 
While Theresa May is on holiday, her ministers are working out a Brexit strategy  
Is that the same option Corbyn said only days ago was impossible after Brexit?  
THE DAILY TELEGRAPH: "Freedom of movement to continue after Brexit" #skypapers 
UK chancellor Philip Hammond wants to keep current UK trade relations with Europe for at least two years post-Brexit  
THE TIMES: Irish want sea border with UK after Brexit #tomorrowspaperstoday 
There is plenty of good Brexit news, we're just ignoring it  
There are 5 stages of Brexit grief, sadly remoaners still seems to be stuck on stage 1,In denial  
WWII Codebreakers at Bletchley Park had to crack German ciphers afresh each day, much as now we try and work out Labour's position on Brexit 
Calls for Royal Navy to ‘protect Gibraltar’ after Brexit -  
This should not surprise you. The point of Brexit, for many, is to reduce or remove standards: food, fire, employment, environmental, etc.  
#Brexit will destroy the UK.  Working class Scots will declare "enough is enough". Scotland will be an independent nation again!  
IF Brexit happens. It probably won't: it's too stupid & damaging to withstand the tsunami of reasons against, flooding higher every day.  
Labour have deployed Diane Abbott to clarify their latest Brexit position. What could go wrong?  
Some senior Tories seem to have difficulty with the rule of law when it limits their government's actions.#Remain #StopBrexit #Brexit  
Brexit seems to be slowly collapsing under its own weight. We can hope, anyway.  
I've been on holiday for six days, occasionally spying over the twitter wall. This appears to be Labour's 37th Brexit position since then.  
The Brexit voter who told Nigel he had changed his mind on leaving the EU  
Britain could lose access to vital cancer treatments after Brexit, leading doctor warns  
Spot on. The patriots are those of us trying to avert this disaster. The more I see of Brexit, the more I suspect the hand of foreign agents 
FT: Hammond seeks two-phase Brexit deal with 'off the shelf' transition #tomorrowspaperstoday 
Dunkirk. Intense. And enraging. To fight for Europe like that and then for likes of David Cameron to spunk it away on a whim. Fuck Brexit. 
There is no patriotism in a policy that weakens our economy, our union, our European friendships and divides our nation.#Brexit #Remain 
I said then, and I repeated all the way up through the U.S. election, that the top political lesson of 2016 is "You Brexit, you bought it." 
Not one full day after the Brexit referendum, a lot of people who voted for it were protesting that they hadn't meant to win. 
Why is @OwenJones84 getting so much blame for Labour's Brexit position? Seems odd to single him out. 
After Brexit: the UK will need to renegotiate at least 759 treaties  via @FT 
EU citizens will still be allowed to come to live and work in UK after Brexit, Home Secretary reveals #premium 
Here are the British cities that will be hit hardest by Brexit  
Spot on@vincecable cogently identifies Corbyn's muddled thinking that leads him to follow hard right Brexit agenda  
Steve Bell on where the UK stands with Brexit – cartoon  
Brits voted for Brexit & we did not vote to negotiate for years, have a transition period for years or pay for EU extortion.WALK AWAY  
Tories mocked for asking experts about migration - a year after the Brexit vote  
Philip Stephens: A Brexit transition is only half an answer  
For the record: riding-by-riding breakdown of results from the PC unity referendum. … #ucp #UniteAlberta 
Honest #brexit voter Charles tells Farage what majority of UK now believe. "Tell EU - Frankly we probably made a mistake".#stopbrexit 
The Tory Brexit team should be sacked and replaced with calm, cool heads, writes @EmilyThornberry  
The Brexit voter who left @Nigel_Farage with his head in his hands  
Timely reminder by Leave stalwart @GiselaStuart.Brexit belongs to the British people, not any one party.>Or media 
2. People tell me that if the result of the referendum is overturned, people will lost faith in democracy, and I couldn't agree more. 
1. Hello Mr @OwenJones84, we’ve not met, but can I possibly have a moment of your time to talk about the EU referendum? 
Heathrow businesss boomed in the first half of 2017. 'Despite Brexit', as the so-called mainstream media like to say  pic.twitter.com/KpUXSsMztp 
Boris Johnson is enthusiastic about an early free trade deal between Britain and Australia post-Brexit  
Tonight's topics. 1. Rudd's fishy Brexit. 2. The war on cars 3. Gay supremacy 50 years on. Let's talk....  
Decisions, decisions....Do I attend the @UKLabour conference or the @UKIP conference?So little between the Brexit parties these days.  
We offer OAPs a 0% discount because they voted Brexit and ruined future generations for decades to come. 
Someone asked me today how we will stop brexit. If everyone who thinks brexit should be stopped said #StopBrexit, brexit would be stopped. 
It seems a bit selfish only wanting immigrants to come & work/live to fill jobs we can't or won't do.Many UK go to live in Europe to retire! 
.“For the first time, I’m starting to believe that Brexit will NOT happen." 
Freedom of movement for EU citizens in UK will end after Brexit, says UK immigration ministerBrits will lose it too 
"We will NOT be collateral damage for Tory attempts to distract from their abject failure in Brexit negotiations". 
.@Nigel_Farage: A second Brexit referendum would increase the margin for Leave without any debate  #FarageOnLBC 
This is why some British minorities voted Brexit -they don't feel "European" because EU doesn't do enough to include  
Great question, but an even better one is why on earth is Labour leadership supporting Brexit and Brexit Government? 1yr on views evolved.  
I'm sick to death of Jeremy Corbyn claiming to be the peoples saviour. If you don't fight Brexit JC, with all your might, you condemn us all 
Trident. Brexit. Immigrant blaming. Anti-Scottish Independence. Plagiarist of SNP policies. Our NHS is the best in UK. You sir, are a fraud. 
Now is the autumn of our discontent...because #Brexit hasn't been cancelled yet ..so we are going to protest!  
What Bob Geldof thinks of the working class 
.@GovUk still promising more powers in response but can't name one ...Scots and Welsh discuss Brexit  - BBC News  
This is the way #Brexit will end. Not with a bang, but a whimper. Please share our latest post and editorial. Link:  
I feel like there hasn't been enough mainstream focus on what we, the UK, are going to lose with Brexit. 
The Olympic opening ceremony made me so proud to be British. How did we turn from that beautiful fellowship to Brexit in just five years? 
General election result told Sturgeon that her party won the election in Scotland thus won a third mandate for an independence referendum.  
For the record: riding-by-riding breakdown of results from the PC unity referendum.  #ucp #UniteAlberta 
"Like more than 400,000 others, I signed the National Pact for a Referendum because I believe Catalans should be able to vote."  
Brexit belongs to the British people – not any political party– and the next six months are critical to its delivery  
Brexit Boom: Amazon, BMW and Quorn Announce Major Investments in 'Brilliant' Britain  
BIAFRA REFERENDUM: TAKING THE CAMPAIGN TO GRASSROOTS IN BIAFRALAND  
BARNIER’S BLUFFING: Rees-Mogg savages EU boss over bid to stall Brexit  we need Rees Mogg for PM 
@AMDWaters Totally agree Barry, UNCONTROLLED immigration was the driving force behind Brexit millions waiting for a leader to speak for them 
“For the first time, I’m starting to believe that Brexit will not happen" Maltese Prime Minister  
Brexiters are now wanting a second EU referendum, but naturally Scotland having one on its independence would be utter madness!  
"EU has failed to prove we owe them any money at all.And under EU & international law we owe them nothing."#Brexit 
The Only Way Is EFTA: UK govt lawyers are raiding the EEA agreement for Brexit court fixes. My story:  
Natural Resources Wales: Brexit presents an opportunity to improve the way Wales' environment is looked after  
Maltese PM Muscat ‘hopeful’ Brexit might not happen – POLITICO  
Corbyn wants a hard-right Brexit. Progressives must fight back, not follow | Vince Cable  
I thought Brexit was the low point in British politics. Then came the government's handling of Brexit. 
Tony Blair nails it: Tory #Brexit is about an offshore low tax free-market hub  - Thatcherism on steroids.#Remain #StopBrexit 
There is plenty of good Brexit news, we're just ignoring it says Kathy Gyngell  
BARNIER’S BLUFFING: Rees-Mogg savages EU boss over bid to stall Brexit  
How typical of ITV's Tom Bradby to carry on his ruthless crusade against Government & BREXIT in the Evening Standard - balanced? - Really? 
I understand that David Cameron may call for a referendum on membership of the EU soon, so this sort of evidence will be useful.  
"Blame the Etonians not the Romanians!"  Now there's a slogan for Labour... but whatever... #Brexit #Corbyn #StopBrexit #Remain 
Note how the BBC hack at first refuses to answer if she wants a trade deal for UK.They want Brexit to fail.Impartial my ass.  
Diane Abbott: Journalists are trying to make me look stupid  via @Your Brexit 
The latest from the phobic Brexit fringe - including a basic error (EU agencies are created by Council/EP legislation, not the Commission)  
No deal? No problem!Entrepreneur and Brexiteer James Dyson hits back at claims a Brexit deal with Brussels is the be all and end all  
Tory Minister "Cancel Brexit & we destroy the Tory party. Proceed & we destroy the country" 
British Immigration Minister insists freedom of movement between the UK and Europe will end after Brexit  
EU: "Limited progress" has been made in #Brexit talks. @JunckerEU has asked officials working on #article50 to cancel August leave 
40 years ago I was on the wrong side in the referendum. But I've got a brain, when facts change I am capable of changing my mind. Can you ?  
Hoping to be there in Brighton, Manchester and Bournemouth to Break Brexit Before Brexit Breaks Britain  
BMW to build electric Mini in Britain after Brexit - Peter Brookes - political cartoon gallery in Putney  
Even the Tories admit that Brexit is damaging the economy. It is time to save Britain from Brexit. It is time demand we #StopBrexit 
Tories mocked for asking experts about migration - a year after the Brexit vote 
419ners not Peace CorpsThey don't even know meaning of the name if not they will know Referendum is a peaceful way  
“We discussed Brexit and the potential for Australia to enter into a free trade agreement,” says Australia’s Foreign Minister @JulieBishopMP 
Does the Government, like Baldrick in Blackadder, have a 'cunning plan' on Brexit? @annaturley and I want to know. 
You ready to show your disconent? Autumn of discontent marches. Anti Brexit. Pro EU #EUloudandproud London 9 Sep. 
EU/UK citizen worried about your rights after Brexit? Join us at mass lobby on 13 September. #citizenslobby2017 
Corbyn "should lead rather than follow public opinion by opposing May’s hard Brexit rather than endorsing" Spot on.  
Retweet if you agree! #NoBrexit is better than a bad Brexit  
EU picking fights with UK, Poland, Hungary & Czech Republic over #Brexit & Migrant quotas.A two front war has never worked well 4 Germany. 
"Brexit is anti immigrant, when we draw lines along racist grounds it's a way to lose not win better conditions"  
\ @Jacob_Rees_Mogg You are either utterly ignorant or lying. Please explain Norway's status.#Brexit liars must be prosecuted!#StopBrexit 
Labour's Brexit plans have descended into chaos once again  
Brits have 3 months to spend old pound coins before they’re worthless, with any remaining denominations retaining their value until Brexit. 
Farage: Tories betraying public over Brexit immigration control. Do you agree? – Westmonster   #fo2eu 
Life comes at you fast. #DeedDone #Aberdeen #Brexit  
Here's a classic example of Remainer propaganda: 1. Assert that Brexit = self-harm, no benefit; 2. Give no evidence; 3. Repeat endlessly.  
Boris Johnson's latest gaffe was terrifying proof the Government is in chaos over Brexit  
Ironic that it's the British government, not the EU, that's given us 27 positions on Brexit. 
Manufacturing hits 22-year high; Blair's “every day brings fresh evidence #Brexit is doing damage” claim in tatters  
Trump’s talk of a trade deal with the UK shows he has no idea how Brexit works  
The EURO is strong (not collapsing as predicted), the GBP is weak (#brexit doom as predicted) and USD is sliding due to Trump #experts #win 
President @realDonaldTrump sees ‘Major Trade Deal’ with U.K. post #Brexit#MAGA  
Blair's 'Fresh Evidence Brexit Doing Us Damage Every Day' Claim in Tatters as Manufacturing Hits 22-year High  
Taking stock of negotiations with President @JunckerEU and our @EU_Commission #Brexit team. Work continues.  
If #Brexit is so good, why such a mess? #Leave blames #Remain. But you own it, #Leave. All yours. 
is Rees-Mogg the only intelligent MP we have? BARNIER’S BLUFFING: Rees-Mogg savages EU boss over bid to stall Brexit  
Keep accidentally saying "pounds" instead of "euros" and then I remember it basically doesn't matter any more... #Brexit 
Jog on. Brexit belongs very specifically to the politicians who lied their way through #euref and they will be held to account 
Vauxhall's Labour MP proudly boasts of far-right Breitbart coverage of Labour's Brexit position. Incredible.  
The Tories can't even agree amongst themselves, how will they ever agree a deal with the EU. Brexit is hurting Britain. Time to #StopBrexit 
'PM May's disastrous immigration targets pushed UK into an uncertain Brexit' & things will get worse—Vince Cable:  
Labour seems to be shifting the color of its Brexit stance depending on the winds of public opinion  
. @DavidDavisMP says Brexit talks will not be delayed after EU attack lack of progress on ‘divorce bill’  
EU 'set to suspend Brexit trade talks' over lack of progress   
Freedom of movement is not one way traffic, you imbeciles. Imagine being trapped on Brexit island with this lot.  
U certainly do not speak for me and I still have not met one person who's changed their mind on hard #Brexit. Must go without paying a penny  
Glorious day in Shetland, even the seals are sunbathing. Now off to stockjudging, barbecue and Brexit discussion.  
YEEEEESSS!! 52 yo pal has come over to YES blames WM/Tory gov for all, pension age hike, Brexit etc cites Norway as great small example 
Corbyn Labour in 1 year voted: TORY on TridentTORY on BREXITTo raise tuition fees in WalesLabour are odd. Truth is in the tweeting   
Brexit is in the headlines again. This is @mrjamesob’s analysis:  
“Brexit is a poisoned chalice. The best result for Labour was not to win. They don’t have to do Brexit.”  
Can't we just cancel Brexit & use the money it'll waste to have another Olympics? Everybody will be a lot happier. Except dicks. #London2012 
If the EU is on the brink of collapse should we pay 4 #brexit?RETWEET & VOTE #yourvoice @EnglishBriton #brexit @JunckerEU @LeaveEUOfficial 
Theresa May's disastrous immigration targets pushed UK into an uncertain Brexit – things are set to get much worse  
Would EU collapse if the UK refused to pay a divorce bill?  RETWEET & VOTE #yourvoice @EnglishBriton #brexit @JunckerEU @LeaveEUOfficial 
I know we all voted for Brexit, but, more than one year on, we are no closer to knowing what it actually is, beyond one big pain in the ass. 
Asked this very question a few wks ago in @TheNewEuropean. #EU now talking about slowing #Brexit down because UK is "not ready".#bugsbunny 
The Tories don't know what they're doing! Brexit shambles.  
"The EU is a bunch of unelected bureaucrats in Brussels."Hardly.#Brexit  
The evidence is that we didn't vote for Brexit and don't want a Tory-led Brexit immigration policy at all.  
The banks have revealed where they are moving after Brexit.  
If only they would read your well-reasoned thread without prejudice. Like many others of my vintage, I am horrified by the folly of Brexit. 
Is it the end of the EU? Remainer @hilarybennmp admits bloc is 'in trouble' without UK Brexit bill money. How will they cope after Brexit. 
@jongaunt @DVATW @KTHopkins Look at @maitlis sharp intake at 0.44 she cant even bear saying positive brexit things. #bbcmentalillness 
EU 'set to suspend Brexit trade talks' over lack of progress   
The estimated cost of conducting the EU referendum has been put at £142.4million, that's before Brexit impact takes hold on the UK economy. 
A sub-Norway outcome would make it very difficult to deliver the many economic upsides of Brexit, writes @JGForsyth 
Fresh Labour confusion as John McDonnell and Keir Starmer contradict Jeremy Corbyn on Brexit 
We have a huge circle of friends, only one of whom was delighted with Brexit. His constant crowing annoys the hell out of the rest of us! 
Labour’s appalling shambles on Brexit is a betrayal of its Remainer supporters. (Walter Ellis for @reactionlife) 
Boris Johnson's latest gaffe shows just how chaotic the Government has become over Brexit  
Knowing some of protagonists they'd been dreaming Brexit all their political lives & for them leaving EU justified all lies & false promises  
We've having the #Brexit debates we should have had before the vote now - David Cameron has a lot to answer for on timing. (As does media.) 
READ: Professor Dougan's introduction to our @IntersentiaUK edited collection on BrexitLink to intro and contents:  
Brexit voters twice as likely as Remainers to say gay sex is ‘unnatural,’ poll finds  #Brexit pic.twitter.com/kKFRqSyoCn 
Early talks on post-Brexit trade deal 'increasingly unlikely'  
13. Brexit will cause a recession. We’ll take an almighty hit. Few now believe we’ll be richer. Therefore, how do we "take back control"? 
EU 'set to suspend Brexit trade talks' over lack of progress  
It is absolutely astonishing this review  which is to form post-Brexit immigration policy was not started by the UK Govt a year ago.  
Stomach-churning US food standards that could be imported post Brexit  
11. Paradoxically, we will lose control rather than Brexit taking it back. Britain cannot influence when it is on the outside looking in. 
Support for #Referendum on #brexit deal growing, says poll : 
Amber Rudd admitting we need EU immigration. #Brexit is becoming an even bigger farce, it would be funny if not so tragic for us all. 
10. Brexit has created division and a likely self-made recession. 
Brexit will hit Aberdeen harder than any other city in UK.  
EU's top negotiator warns of possible delays to Brexit talks  
"Brexit all the way" - Not all Brexiters are racists, but all racists are Brexiter.  
Is Brexit a threat to Britain's food security?  
Aberdeen will be hit hardest by Brexit, experts have predicted. Read why Single Market membership must be protected.  
The likes of KT Hopkins are test-beds of extreme rhetoric, if it works it's moved into the mainstream, it not then it's put aside.#Brexit 
This EU migration report should have been done before the EU referendum. Surely this is obvious. So why wasn't it? @Conservatives 
While the new Tory MPs remain silent over news Brexit will destroy the NE economy, the SNP gets on with standing up for constituents.  
2. Brexit is a mistake. You may not be willing to admit this, but, I am sure many of you secretly recognise this. 
This sentence explains everything... #Brexit  
@Bonn1eGreer When people say I should accept Brexit or Trump I think of this short but magnificent video  
ICYMI, read our plan for a fair and forward-thinking migration policy post-Brexit, authored by @Steven_Woolfe, here:  
'You're either in or out!'Article 50 author DEMOLISHES soft Brexit case in fiery blast  @AmberRuddHR @PhilipHammondUK 
No deal? No problem!Brexiteer James Dyson rejects notion a Brexit deal is be all and end all insisting WTO tariffs would be "no big deal".  
Amber Rudd says Brexit immigration policy must be "evidence based" 
“The vote for Brexit was, among other things, a vote to raise our sights to more distant horizons” - The @Spectator 
. @BorisJohnson heralds Brexit Britain's 'widened horizons' as Australia welcome trade deal talks  
EU already claims that if the UK doesn't give in to their financial and immigration demands then talks will be delayed. Time to walk #brexit 
I wonder how folk in Aberdeen feel about voting Tory now. Their city to be the hardest hit by hard Brexit.  
Just out: the 1st legal analysis of Brexit's challlenges!More info:Read M Dougan's intro:: 
EU: Brexit talks difficult not because UK's unacceptable demands, but because has no position at all on many issues  
@Bonn1eGreer @WeAreOneEU @solange_lebourg Tories set 23 year lead time for clean air. Why no warning of #Brexit & its ramifications? 
Always remember, Leave was 5 million votes short of the kind of supermajority normally necessary for constitutional change.#Brexit 
Tories in Brexit chaos. Labour in Brexit chaos.Anyone would think that Brexit is an utterly chaotic idea. 
A projected staffing crisis made by Tory Brexit, endorsed by Labour & blamed on the SNP. Nice..You are completely shameless. 
EU negotiator warns of possible delays to Brexit talks  
The #Brexit campaign cynically and methodically stoked up anti-migrant sentiment. The same people now cynically and methodically deny this.  
How Aberdeen's oil-price-related decline is being respun as a consequence of Brexit.  
Nothing like being prepared. Amber Rudd asks for analysis of EU migration – a year after referendum  
Leaving EU is democratic decision.Hard Brexit is not and a tad mad.But Soft Brexit sounds wishy washy, so we need a new word ...SEXIT! 
BACKSLIDE: Remainer Rudd's approach on post-Brexit migration ignores 'tens of thousands' pledge. We won't forget!  
Typical pack of #LeaveLies. None of this was on the ballot paper. Sadly senior politicians are parroting these same lies. #Brexit #Remain 
Our editorial @EveningStandard on the problem with listening to the experts on immigration post-Brexit  
Want to know how to help? Buy the book "In Limbo": 100 testimonies of EU citizens in UK... left in limbo by #Brexit 
WATCH | 'Friendship between UK and Australia will deepen in the years ahead after Brexit', strengthened by a FTA, says @BorisJohnson  
Following a Corbyn & #Brexit discussion this morning, I present to twitter the Corbyn/Remain supporter dilemma (hint, it's not really one)  
Brexit belongs to the British people – not any political party – the next six months are critical  via @BrexitCentral 
Masterly thread by @davidallengreen, temporarily abandoning Brexit to celebrate ann'vsy of the #twitterjoketrial. 
UK needs work permits to keep out low-skilled immigrants after Brexit,chair of @migrationwatch tells @juliaHB1  
Wow. If even the Express prints a story like this, Brexit MUST be bad !!!  
BREAKING: Secretary General of the Catalan president investigated and charged with a crime of sedition over referendum preparations 
Brexit offers a chance for national renewal - we must get it right, says Gisela Stuart  
Oops ...UK car manufacturing slumps 14% in June and hard Brexit could mean a further hit, industry body warns  
Except when I said "predictably", I meant predictable before the referendum, which is why anyone who voted Leave owns the current mess. 
What's self-govt got to do with it? I'm talking about the quality of the governance preparing for Brexit, which is predictably abysmal. 
I've asked Amber Rudd to include the evidence for a different immigration policy for Scotland in this study #brexit  
Brexit negotiations are exposing the chaos and incompetence at the heart of the British Government - @ClaireHanna  
.@mrjamesob: 'If you needed evidence about how bonkers Brexit Britain is, this is it'  
Another Labour stance on Brexit. Shadow chancellor John McDonnell says we may stay in single market. Immigration free for all will continue 
#Brexit means controlling our own immigration system. 
But that IS the essence of Brexit. It is the notion for which the tabloids have agitated for decades with political complicity. 
Brexit plans in chaos as Government appears to contradict itself over end of free movement when Britain leaves EU  
If Brexit means we don't have to 'accept cookies' when we visit websites anymore let's get it done asap I don't even care about trade deals 
Good that the @UKLabour front bench seems to be edging towards staying in the Single Market & Customs Union #Brexit  
#LBC Is there anyone worse on the radio than James O' Brien talks bollocks every day, immigration Brexit Farage Trump bashing non stop yawn 
NEWS! David Davis aiming to deliver Brexit deal that disappoints absolutely everyone  
Hard or soft, fast or slow, 'smooth and orderly' or rough and unlubricated- Brexit's still a shafting for UK cities.  
For younger Britons Freedom of Movement is a birthright. There is no mandate to remove it. #Brexit #Remain #StopBrexit 
 Today Spanish police continues questioning #Catalan government officials over indy process & referendum preparations! #Democracy#SOS 
The one thing Brexit has definitely achieved is an increase in videos of shouty, self righteous, English arseholes. #brexit  
Brexit tapped into a rich vein of anger, grievance and failure that begins in school with under-achievement of white working class boys. 
And hence Brexit is being run by a mix of know-nothing ideologues & people who secretly know it's nonsense. Terrific. 
NEWS! Labour welcome further chance to do f**k all about Brexit  
Lots of things should have been done earlier including impact assessments from Brexit on industry and jobs.  
The Tories and Labour change their Brexit positions by the day - it's almost as if no one really knows what to do. 
Donald Trump's new spokesman has said he is "100 per cent" certain there will be a US-UK trade deal after Brexit  
Time for an exit from Brexit  
Johnson: UK 'prepared' to send troops to Asia in post-Brexit commitment  
And btw - the moment you become PM and embrace hard Brexit, you own the process, however much you pretended to support Remain. 
The Brexit zealots are still in control. No amount of economic self harm will stop them unless we do...  
TORIES R TRAITORS'Brexit BETRAYAL' Tories have sold out UK with open borders U-turn, blasts Nigel Farage  
Why not?If it supports the reason for Brexit then please show us. There are a lot of concerned people out here it may help...or may not.  
Post-referendum, European talent has been put off coming to UK due to concerns over the the economy & migration rights Yesterday's @thetimes 
Brexit is certainly leading to an increase in video clips of shouty idiots. 
Britain says free movement of labor with EU will end after Brexit  
Freedom of movement ends with Brexit, says immigration minister  
After the election, industry asserting itself on Brexit.. and why "pain is information". Sky Views:  
James Dyson on Brexit, trade and being Britain’s biggest farmer | The Spectator  
"Brexit all the way" shouts the racist at workers -angry his pub is being rebuilt as a "nursery for blacks."   
It's got to a point where you need a degree in semantics to even come close to understanding Labour's Brexit policy.  
Hardliners won’t like this soft Brexit plan. Tough – we have little choice | Simon Jenkins  
The anti-Brexit cognoscenti seem unwilling to welcome any positive economic data  
EXC: Barnier warns EU member states "sufficient progress" in #Brexit talks likely delayed to December. 
Interview with @Diageo_News Chief Executive on @BBCRadio4 so positive/optimistic about #Brexit that Interviewer sounds disappointed! 
So Government has commissioned a study on the future of EU migration which won't be published until 7months before we leave #brexit shambles 
Brexit belongs to the British people – not any political party –   via @BrexitCentral 
Every day, a bit of the Brexit puzzle becomes clearer: Euratom, European Arrest Warrant, Aviation etc. Art50 triggered on a wing & a prayer.  
Gosh,government is investigating how many EU workers we will need after Brexit! Why did no one think of that before ! Where were you Nigel ? 
Now's the time to get behind the government's legislative programme on Brexit, says @GiselaStuart of @Change_Britain 
Those opposed to Brexit are being very selective about the data they cite, says Patrick Minford of @Econs4FreeTrade 
Car industry warns of Hard Brexit damage at a time of high household debt and slumping sales.  
61% of importers to the UK have put prices up by an average of 9%#Brexit  
Immigration minister Brandon Lewis tells me freedom of movement will end in March 2019 irrespective of a post Brexit transitional period 
I will vote for any party offering Brexit Ref2, with a Super Majority and a vote on leaving or staying on the basis of the negotiated deal! 
Nigel Farage is trying to make Dunkirk a Brexit thing  Not true Farage is highly regarded military historian fact! 
these people are a threat to the UK & the tory party they are remoaners working to sabotage brexit - dump them  
British Farmers eye move to Poland to counter Brexit slump!  
Staggering May didn't commission an immigration report before triggering #Art50. A Brexit built on bluff & myth.  
OUT NOW - Find out why Alan Partridge would have voted for Brexit in our #exclusive interview with Steve Coogan 
A pro-leave labour MP linking to an article in Breibart saying labour are committed to hard Brexit. I hate everything about this.  
No experts, they cried. Until it transpired we did actually need them. Shows at a stroke how amateurish Brexit is.  
Philip Hammond calls for a long transition deal to ease pain of Brexit - contradictions in the Cabinet again  
Theresa May considers publishing Hard Brexit plans to prove Britain is serious  
Govt is getting act together. BUT why on earth didn't govt commission EU migrant workers assessment a year ago? A month after referendum? 
Britain could lose access to vital cancer treatments after Brexit, leading doctor warns  
It's the left that should be resisting Brexit, writes @RCorbettMEP 
Immigration Minister Brandon Lewis says freedom of movement will end on the day Brexit happens. No transition arrangements. #r4today 
Really?!Are you sure? Good luck with that!Brexit is a tax avoiding power grab by the MEGA rich. 
MAC said in Jan they cdnt investigate basic Brexit Qs til Gov commissioned them. Yet Gov waited 13m - incompetence or internal squabbling?  
Labour is betraying everyone who voted for it. The priority is to stop Brexit & get the country back on track. The evidence is in: why wait? 
Still think Scotland should jump off the Brexit cliff? 'Scottish cities to pay highest price for Brexit.' ' 
Study of EU migration so late and so close to cliff edge reinforces sense that Tories are not in control of #Brexit 
Culpable incompetence - no preparation or forethought whatsoever - all part of the huge cheat that sold Brexit.  
Amber Rudd pouring cold water on Quitlings' immigration wet dreams. I ask again. What is the point of Brexit? #r4today 
Our local polish shop has closed due to Brexit. Family have two shops, both closed. 
Labour backs away from supporting a hard Brexit after a 10pm statement changing the party's position 
Brexit was about taking back control, not extending free movement! Pod One with @Nigel_Farage#Brexit 
Aberdeen to be worst-hit city in U.K. whether 'hard Brexit' or 'soft Brexit '   via @eveningexpress 
Can @BarryGardiner and @jeremycorbyn please confirm alignment to this Brexit position. We're clear, only #Remain has exact same benefits. 
Huh. A city that took a lot of money from the EU will be worse off after Brexit. That's weird.  
Painful listening to Britain catching on slowly to the enormity of how disastrous Brexit will be, and the scale of lies told to us #r4today 
Hardliners won’t like this soft Brexit plan. Tough – we have little choice | Simon Jenkins  
Looking for an anti Brexit angle?Try new improved "Nurses". 
Can anyone suggest why Far Right Brexit groups are blaming the EU for *NON-EU* immigration?(Via BrexitBalls on Facebook).  
Amber Rudd asks for analysis of EU migration – a year after referendum  
Tory minister: Brexit will destroy country; stopping it will destroy Tories. Lab & Tory putting party before country 
First Hammond, now Amber Rudd: a measure of common sense has entered government Brexit policy  
BREXIT U-TURN: Sheep farmer who voted REMAIN hails Brexit as 'a good thing'  
As the consequences of #Brexit are understood and huge added value of European standards remembered, the likelihood of leaving diminishes.  
Govt should recognise contribution of EU nationals & rule out post-Brexit migration system tht wuld be detrimental 
Brexit,  the dark cloud that threatens the United Kingdom.  
Another one for the 'Wouldn't it have been better to do this before the referendum?' list.  
You voted Brexit because you want what's best for this Country.Can you honestly say you know what the Single Market is?#ThursdayThoughts 
Brexiteers asking Remainers to look at the upsides of #brexit is like stepping in poo and celebrating the dog having a healthy digestion 
Aberdeen Rent A Quote MP and Hard Brexit fan, Ross Thomson, currently in hiding.   
No good words this early in the morning to comment on Labour MP gleefully tweeting Breibart's take on Labour #Brexit policy. Strange times.  
Any government worth its wages would have looked into this BEFORE the referendum.   
It's time for more LIAM FOX NEWS - the BBC's only POSITIVE news channel! #Brexit #StopBrexit #LiamFox #UStradedeal #brexitshambles #Tories 
Tide is turning, and an anti-Brexit tsunami is coming sometime soon which will wash away 'premises' based on weak and unsound foundations.  
British car production falls almost 14%. Brexit makes no sense!  
London We R Coming@cbinsights has German #FinTech #VC ahead of UK in Q2#Brexit  
The Lib Dems ask why this wasn't commissioned a year ago. I ask why it wasn't commissioned before we went to a REFERENDUM BASED ON IT.  
Brexit EU migration study started NOW by the government? What have they done in the last wasted year?  
"Calexit" Referendum Question Is One Step Closer To Appearing On 2018 Ballot   
Did you know that Dublin is the top EU destination for leading financial services companies after Brexit?  
Aberdeen 'worst hit by hard Brexit' in UK, experts predict - BBC News  
Pouring over PC referendum results. Big props to Edmonton Mill Woods & Cardston-Taber-Warner for voting % for unity! (106 to 0 & 480 to 0) 
UK plans to play a bigger role in Asia after Brexit, Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson says during Australia visit  
Point #2 / People were sold Brexit on the basis that it had its own internal logic which guaranteed success and that Remain objections… 
Point #1/ Surely, if we are "idiots", our input in shaping Brexit would be of such low value as to be worthless.  
Consensus on #SkyPapers over Labour's lack of position on #Brexit & the SM. @wallaceme nails capricious Corbyn's dilemma perfectly. pic.twitter.com/HlsYCuL0Pm 
Dear @KateHoeyMPYou are a passionate Labour Leaver. Please name one practical, tangible benefit that Brexit will bring to our daily lives. 
This is a Labour MP. Jeremy Corbyn supported her. Labour voters voted for her. She is the personification of a diamond hard Brexit Loon.  
Brexit isn't going to happen: Andrew Freris  
I wonder what @UKLabour's position on #Brexit will be tomorrow? Today it varied according to who you listened to and at what time #shambles 
The complete mince UK Gov making of Brexit should make Scots want to make own decisions in future. #Brexitmess #Couldn'tdoworse 
Car industry warns 'growth is stalling' as output falls ahead of Brexit - Sky News  
(After Brexit vote ha ha ha ha ...) Ministers launch Brexit migration study - BBC News  
And even bigger irony probably the only prominent politician who genuinely believes that Brexit is really in UK's interests is Jeremy Corbyn 
You couldn't make this up...... 
I will not give upFighting against #BrexitBecauseI will not sacrificeThe rights ofFuture generationsTo far right populism & xenophobia 
Brexit EU migration study launched by Amber Rudd  
They reveal an economy destabilised and discredited by imminent Brexit.Remind me again what you're going to do about that?  
Post-Brexit UK-US trade deal '100 per cent certain' says Donald Trump's new spokesman Anthony Scaramucci  
Imagine having the brass neck to claim Labour's position on Brexit is "clear". 
Amber Rudd asks for analysis of EU migration – a year after referendum  
Labour Party policy on EU & #Brexit. Could someone send a copy of this conference resolution to Corbyn & McDonnell.  
To be fair to the pro- #Brexit lot "Give £350 million a week to the NHS" was a better slogan than "Give your chicken a chlorine wash". 
Brexit enables the Brits to restore their ties with New Zealand & with Canada and Australia. Next step? Give them a Fast Track at Heathrow.  
Indeed. Brexit is practically a Rorschach test for Tories. Tell me what you think Brexit is, and I'll tell you what your fantasies are.  
Leading economist says #Brexit will never happen. Well, if common sense were common practice, it wouldn't!  #StopIt 
Brexit vote has caused 'painful' consequences, Philip Hammond suggests  
Michael Portillo BLASTS EU for not respecting Britons’ Brexit vote. He is always on the right track! | Your Brexit  
'No Brexit bill, no trade talks' EU Parliament fires blunt warning shot to May over talks. Our Country, our talks!  
Brexiteer and former Peterborough MP Stewart Jackson appointed Special Advisor and Chief of Staff to Brexit Secretary David Davis. pic.twitter.com/eyFaLnVlNA 
BREXIT U-TURN: Sheep farmer who voted REMAIN hails Brexit as 'a good thing'  
Come on #Remainers...stand up & be counted before it's too late...if you know #Brexit will harm our country it is your duty to oppose it! 
* @KeirStarmer - You know we can only have those benefits if we stay in the CU and SM so why persist with this misleading drivel?#Brexit  
The British people should get the final say on any Brexit deal in a referendum. Agree? Add your name:  
Politics is less complicated than we make it. Midterms are a referendum on party in power, not party out of power.  
Brexit: Another resignation.  
BBC's Robbie Gibb & CCHQ running fake news headlines to distract from #Brexit woes? Who would have guessed.  
This. Absolutely this. Thanks Mike for sharing and reminding everyone how Lab conference voted on Party policy on EU/Brexit  
"You come to my country and knock my fucking pub down... #Brexit all the way." The sort of abuse @DanielJHannan insists just doesn't exist. pic.twitter.com/RuIQpaC4k1 
Congrats to @laylamoran local @LibDems MP on BMW mini deal against Brexit backdrop. Maybe they agree with @vincecable #Brexit may not happen 
With respect, @Keir_Starmer it's like watching Brexit table tennis. Open, fact based dialogue at all Party levels needed, it's long overdue. 
Britain faces up to Brexit  
European Commission’s own lawyers admit Brexit Divorce Bill is LEGALLY IMPOSSIBLE TO ENFORCE | Your Brexit  
While the rest of the EU continues to recover British manufacturing continues to decline. #Brexit makes no sense!  
If Freedom of Movement ends it will affect ordinary people not the rich & powerful who once again will be the privileged few.#Brexit 
After Brexit: the UK will need to renegotiate at least 759 treaties  
When Brexit is stopped I'm going to leave Twitter and focus on productivity.  
Says it all about blinkered obsessive ideological #Brexit: 'trade is a sideshow'! And jobs, workplace safety, catching criminals, envirnmt..  
The really sad thing is that some Remoaners would rather see the economy collapse than be proved wrong about Brexit.  
Brexit is worrying farmers who rely on EU citizens to take the jobs nobody else wants  
Brexit Secretary rejects calls for the rights of 3 million EU citizens living in Britain to be overseen by the ECJ  
Just a small bit of news. We have a half French, half English #franglish in the oven. The best #Brexit protest I could think of!   
.@GovUk paper on Euratom proves pointless nature of #Brexit - no advantage in leaving as all current arrangements need to be replicated 
Farage/Banks/Wigmore worked together to make Brexit happenCambridge Analyticatrump used Cambridge Analytica via Mercer/BannonRelevant now  
Nigel Farage accuses the Government of 'betraying' Brexit  via @MailOnline 
All those who put country before party should oppose Brexit. This applies to @UKLabour as well. Please note @frankfieldteam @KateHoeyMP 
Difficult, as a socialist to admit, but I would support Ken Clark as an arbiter of a BREXIT retreat, in the spirit of Dunkirk so to speak. 
FT View: The UK is in a period of phoney war over the economic impact of Brexit  
The Great 'Brexit Betrayal: @Nigel_Farage warns Tories and Big Business conspiring to sell out public on immigration 
In Brexit we are a stroppy teen running away from a fight with our parents to live with that man who sounded so nice on the internet. 
An anthem for Brexit.  
Corbyn has moved closer to power – but a toxic Tory Brexit could create a dismal economic inheritance for Labour -   
Reports: Trump Asked Brexit Architects To Oppose Wind Farms In Scotland  via @TPM@LouiseMensch#scot24 
Former British EU negotiator: Brexit would have been terrible even if done well. It's not being done well  
."There is NOTHING undemocratic about reviewing the pros & cons of Brexit as the trade-offs become clearer.". 
The chlorified chicken may well become the national bird of Brexit. 
The Establishment are betraying us over Brexit! Don't miss my interview with @Nigel_Farage. Pod One #Brexit 
Each post-Brexit trade "non-tariff barrier" deal for UK will involve surrender of an area of domestic policy at insistence of another county 
@Keir_Starmer says PM took most extreme interpretation of #brexit vote, beyond what vote actually told us 
Excellent - we need MPs to wake up as well if we are going to kill Brexit.  
Cornwall is plastered with "funded by the EU" signs.All for the better.But, you know...if it wasn't for those pesky immigrants...#Brexit 
.Remember May said "Brexit means Brexit & we are going to make a success of it"?She's really NOT!#BrexitFailure 
*When someone tells you proudly they support Brexit*  
LABOUR SHAMBLES: Now McDonnell says party could thwart Brexit and STAY in single market   
#Brexit-pocalypse Update:  Amazon, BMW and Quorn announce major investments and hiring drives in ‘Brilliant’ Britain  
Catalan Parliament set to 'fast-track' #referendum law   #Catalonia #indyref 
Admit it Brexiters, Brexit will impoverish Britain in pursuit of an empire delusion.Great article by Matthew Parris 
I helped with this story.Veselnitskaya, Goldstone & Agalarova Traveled from NYC to UK For Brexit Then Back to NYC 
BREAKING: #Pittsburgh Mayor Bill Peduto signs petition for referendum to end #votersuppression! Have you?? #22kSignatures #Iam1of22k 
Is Brexit a threat to the UK's food security?  
People are getting tired of Brexit. They are getting jaded of Brexit.  #rethinkbrexit 
How will Brexit affect the UK’s environmental protections and global leadership on climate change?  
Brexit means leaving the single market and the customs union. Here’s why | Barry Gardiner  
US-UK trade deal: "TTIP on steroids."#Brexit means...selling our public services to US companies.  
I hereby resign from trying to explain Labour's Brexit policy to Brussels folk in case I'm taken for mad. 
HAMMER BLOW FOR EU: Victory for Austria as Euro court in shock migrant ruling 
If the possibility of stopping #Brexit is not accepted we run the risk that it will be forced through against the wish of the majority. 
Gisela Stuart - #Brexit belongs to the British people – not any political party  
.Oooh!Irish America is WAKENING-UP to the threat Brexit poses to Good Friday Agreement & peace in Ireland. 
My dad was at Dunkirk. Pretty sure he would never have voted for Farage and his ilk. Nor the Tories. Nor Brexit.  
Former British EU negotiator says Brexit was a 'terrible idea'  
Johnson, Davis and Fox push #Brexit agenda on three continents - Even more reason to leave the EU by March 2019.  
As a British EU negotiator, I can tell you that Brexit is going to be far worse than anyone could have guessed  
Economist Ruth Lea - "We will not be in European Economic Area, we will not be in the single market – end of." #Brexit  
There was a "petition to overturn Brexit". Only it wasn't real. It was a 4Chan prank making liberals look like whiny losers. 
Some of the liberal bullying or insanity stories may have been real and exaggerated. Some were straight RIS, like the petition on Brexit 
Oh no, now the USA wants a major trade deal with the UK. God the doom & gloom just keeps coming!#Brexit #projectfear 
At what point do we say this is too bad to ignore? What do the vulnerable do between now 2030 when we get back to where we were pre #Brexit! 
And the Remain Tories are unlikely to break cover while Labour continues to back #Brexit - Corbyn is now the prime enemy for Remainers. 
Former British EU negotiator: Brexit was a 'terrible idea’,  even Government doesn't understand how bad it will be  
Where Brexiters are at right now:UK-EU Brexit deal: No deal is better than a bad deal.UK-US trade deal: A bad deal is better than no deal. 
I switched from voting UKIP to Tory at GE as I thought we were gonna get the BREXIT we voted for! Betrayed! Will never vote for them again. 
Exactly. Any party promoting brexit has to deliver what was promised a pain-free brexit. If they can't do that, then they need to come clean  
This petition would force a referendum vote against Oregon's #SanctuaryCities law.  
There are lots of reasons to oppose Brexit. The idea deadly American chickens could invade the UK is not one of them. 
REES-MOGG: Remoaners supporting a transitional deal are going against Brexit - that's most of the Cabinet then. 
These figures suggest the resilience of Britain's economy has weakened since the Brexit vote  
11) people voted for a pain free BrexitAn all upside no downside Brexit because that's what they were promised 
Labour shd oppose Brexit 'full stop' says @AnnClwyd 
'Brexit would have been terrible even if done well - It's not being done well'  
David Davis is going into Brexit negotiations with his eyes wide open  
Brexit: Johnson, Davis and Fox push agenda on three continents.  
Nigel, good film / message. I agree we need European security via the EU to avoid such horrendous things happening in the future. #brexit  
Catalonia Approves Fast-Track Law Procedure to Speed Referendum 
EU threatens to block Brexit talks over plans for police checks  @MailOnline Duty of Govt to protect it's citizens ! 
Brexit: Remain would win if new EU referendum vote were held tomorrow, poll finds  
BREXIT BUSINESS: Britain can become a global trade hub after it leaves the EU, say Spanish delegates. 
Both Michael Gove and Liam Fox have said that there will be no reduction in the UK's animal standards post Brexit. 
Brexit won't happen—UK’s chaotic negotiating position and a lack of time will drive UK to throw in towel 
DUNKIRK: A timely reminder of those Brave Mail readers fighting for a Brexit Britain, armed only with a keyboard and sense of entitlement.  
I agree with Gaunt. I no longer trust the Tories over #Brexit. Make Rees-Mogg Prime Minister. Bring back Farage to frontline politics.  
Remoaners waiting for the Brexit recession   
#exitbrexit you know it makes sense. 
What's that you're trying to say Lassie? Stay in the EU? Fight Brexit? Good dog. Now go piss on David Davis's leg and bite Boris. pic.twitter.com/0VBOtM8oqD 
Labour Brexit position could change 'if public opinion shifts'FFS, @UKLabour! It changed months ago! Wake up!! 
This will really confuse the Brexitears because it has our Union flag on it. #Remain "Save Britain. Stop Brexit" I agree.  
EU citizens, who've never worked in their livesCan walk into UK & claim UK benefits& after #Brexit they can still claim UK benefits#Mad 
Former British EU negotiator says Brexit was a terrible idea and even the Govt doesn't understand how bad it will be  
Brexit Boom: Amazon, BMW and Quorn Announce Major Investments in 'Brilliant' Britain  
It is clear that the government’s approach to Brexit is driving away business, and is threatening investment, wages, and jobs. 4/ 
The economy is struggling but all ministers have to say is 'Yeah! Britain! Brexit!'  
Reality bites: the Brexit negotiations seen from the other side of the Channel by Fabian Zuleeg. Worth reading   
Another piece of over confident #Brexit nonsense..Why we must leave Customs Union: debunking the myths - Reaction  
Cabinet ministers are working in 3 continents today - a reminder that Brexit offers opportunities around the world  
Not convinced that 'vote leave & have 13 years of being poorer' would have been a great slogan to put on the side of a bus. #Brexit 
Putting citizens and divorce bill as 1st priority of Brexit negs was genius by EU. Tories already 0-2 down. Even if they don't know it yet. 
What new school menu choices will kids enjoy after Tory-Brexit: Cajun chicken: 4%Coronation chicken: 9%Chlorinated chicken: 87%YouGov 
For someone my age this means leaving university during a huge recession and then having our early prime earning years blighted by Brexit.  
Confirmed: @Stewart4Pboro will be David Davis' chief of staff at DexEU. A true Brexit believer:  
Brexiter hero Churchill was clear that an MP must put his or her duty to the country above the demands of voters or party. #Brexit  
If Brexit will be so wonderful, why this fear of another referendum? 
America's enthusiasm for a free trade deal should give Britain reason for Brexit optimism  
Davis will not allow the EU courts to dictate to us after Brexit  
Trade unions are pressuring Jeremy Corbyn to reverse Labour's commitment to leaving the single market after Brexit  
Despite Brexit  
Ross Bartley is a potential Hard Brexit signing for the city. Reminded me of a young (sober) Gascoigne when I first saw on Match of The Day! 
We are sailing to Stop Brexit #StopBrexit @No10Vigil 
So much for a Brexit eldorado promised by Brexiteers. Truth is a little more prosaic and poorer for UK sadly but I repeatedly predicted this  
The UK: BrexitThe U.S.: TrumpJapan:  
US trading venue @MarketAxess has chosen Amsterdam for its EU base after Brexit. Find out why  via @FT 
Pls RT @talk2meradiouk poll: Is @Nigel_Farage right - have we been betrayed by the Tories on Brexit?020 3829 1234 
Labour @johnmcdonnellMP leaves open option of single market membership after Brexit 
Because that way they'll have an idea what a relatively orderly departure from Europe looked like? #Brexit  
Who knew Labour has a position on Brexit?  
13 years of lost growth. Lost jobs. Lost opportunity. This is the Brexit vision of Corbyn Davis Farage & May. 13 lost years.  
*pops back to 2016 to change certain referendum and election results*  
Nigel Farage accuses the Government of 'betraying' Brexit He's completely right! 
Brexiter hero Churchill passionately advocated a US of Europe and, in the early 1960's, UK membership of the Common Market.#Brexit #Remain 
& remember Lillico actually believes in economic benefits of #brexit so one should expect him to be over optimistic.... 
Even the CBI can see Brexit Britain's manufacturing boom!  
Labour Commits to Full, Clean Brexit from EU's Single Market, Customs Union  via @BreitbartNews 
It's official. Brexit is weakening UK economy. But there's not a lot the Chancellor can do about it. My analysis:  
Brexit is a subject I'm very passionate about and I apologise for the word I used on @BBCWorldatOne, but not the sentiment behind it. 
EU at war: Brussels cracks as Brexit and member states tear apart united front  
Cost of no Brexit deal will be “widespread, damaging and pervasive” leading academics find - new @UKandEU report:  
Dunkirk reveals the spirit that has driven Brexit: humiliation | Rafael Behr  
The economy is struggling but all ministers have to say is 'Yeah! Britain! Brexit!'  
Pro brexit Andrew Lillico says that UK's mid term economic prospects  post-leaving are thus: "by 2030 we should come out about even."  
SNP very open about Brexit damage  
Nationalism within established countries is a means for a political faction to bully, intimidate & delegitimize its opponents#Brexit 
If referendum results are forever then 1975 trumps 2016 and we get to stay in the EU? 
From today's @FT #Brexit #Bleach #chickens #tradetalks 
...looking forward to the next 3 yrs of activities as the #UK hub for expertise in post-#Brexit Europe — starting with #UACES50 Conf! 2/2 
this is worse than brexit  
brexit really fucked you guys up, huh  
One employer currently on Radio 4 describing tribunal fee decision as worst decision since the UK voted for Brexit. Sounds like a great boss 
Referendum was not democratic as many UK citizens living in EU were not allowed to vote . Reason given was ref was "advisory" 
"Brexit betrayal has begun!" Don't miss @Nigel_Farage live from 4pm EXCLUSIVELY on The Jon Gaunt Show!Listen: RT 
UK Officials Have Privately Told Senior Bankers The Brexit Bill Will Be Close To £50 Billion  
Indeed. An inevitable consequence of Brexit is that UK will have to fight trade litigation it has hitherto left to the EU.  
I'm amazed at how many KRG politicians are saying a no vote on the #referendum constitutes treason. People should vote however they want. 
Growth in Europe is about 2%Growth in UK is about 0.3%Thanks #Brexit! 
Listening to quitters pontificate over the Dunkirk movie has been even more depressing than the referendum result. Embarrassingly stupid. 
Gove rules out imports of US chlorine chicken in post-Brexit trade deal  
GDP growth 0.2% in Q1 and 0.3% in Q2 UK slowing sharply because of Brexit vote which is causing living standards to fall = big mistake 
US livestock testing +ve for steroids,antibiotics,antihist & hormones.Desparate Brexit means US could force lower standards on UK #ToriesOut 
Private Eye spots the Brexit parallel that so many film reviews seemed to miss  
California independence 1 step closer as AG paves way for potential 2018 ‘referendum’  
Government reveals new post-brexit chicken recipes#BrexitMenu#TheBrexit 
No Date For A Referendum, No Election In Anambra Nor Any Pace In Biafraland@Amaka_Ekwo @NkirukaNistoran 
At last: Labour leadership finally commits to a full, clean #Brexit from the EU's Single Market and Customs Union.  
The Brexit slowdown is real, writes @georgeeaton  
Chancellor blames Brexit for weak GDP. “Partly due to uncertainty. Some businesses making big investment decisions. Others are waiting” 
EU threatens to block Brexit talks over plans for police checks on citizens who hope to remain in Britain  
Government only takes nine hours to contradict itself over Brexit chicken policy  
Here we go again: another aspect of the EU we're reliant on and where #brexit would cause problems:   
Me in the Guardian. Labour's triangulating on immigration & nationalism helped sow the seeds of Brexit. It must stop  
Labour's pro Hard Brexit stance would introduce Austerity max for a generation. You need to have a word with Jeremy as well.  
UK Officials Have Privately Told Senior Bankers The Brexit Bill Will Be Close To £50 Billion  
The govt has been accused of an “appalling dereliction of duty” by not understanding the complexities of Brexit 
As a British EU negotiator, I can tell you that Brexit is going to be far worse than anyone could have guessed  
This Government will be banning all petrol and diesel vehicles so they can go greenThis is probably their replacement 
European Court Opinion on Passenger Name Record data has implications for #Brexit #dataprotection #privacy 
We are absolutely clear: food standards will not be compromised after Brexit.Unless compromise is needed to do quick trade deals. 
So important that Brexit improves and doesn’t diminish our animal welfare standards  
Independence case: Vote Yes or the equivalent of Brexit will happen again and again, forever. Unionist answer: We voted as one UK! QED. 
'Labour could be "flexible" and change its policy on Brexit' - is this preparing the ground for a return to sanity?  
There are many pro-EU MPs. It really is time for them to put the country first, & stop Brexit in its absurd & destructive tracks.  
Read what @MichelBarnier and @GuyVerhofstadt said to EU Cmttee about #Brexit negotiations:  
Referendum result did not cancel the PM and parliament's duty to decide policy with interests of UK in mind. On the contrary, it entailed it 
Disappointed that the owner of @NRT_English has launched a campaign against Kurdistan’s independence referendum. Did not imagine this. 
Tory and Labour Hard Brexit mistreats NHS staff and has led to an understaffing crisis, seriously threatening patient care #exitbrexit 
Minister sums up the disaster that is Brexit in one damning sentence  
"It's harder to leave Europe than we thought" - Brexit Dunkirk spirit in Private Eye :-)  
#Brexiters are killing #Brexit with their failure to grasp complexity, overestimation of #UK strengths & sheer incompetence. 
Brexit not only means you're more likely to get food poisoning from lower food hygiene standards but there'll be fewer NHS staff to help you 
the best part of brexit going wrong will be people reflecting with humility on their mistakes and not at all deflecting blame onto others 
Jeremy Corbyn faces growing trade union backlash over Brexit stance:  
Brexit: Statement by Guy Verhofstadt & EP Brexit Steering Group  <Tory offer way short on rights of UK & EU citizens 
'Brexit would have been terrible even if done well. It's not being done well'  
If you voted for #Brexit I urge you to read this article RT As a British EU negotiator, I can tell you that #Brexit… 
So why don't these pro-EU Tories stand up against the Brexiters? Cowards betraying Britain & failing in their duties as MPs.#Brexit  
Do you pronounce Exit as Eggsit? No, so stop pronouncing Brexit as Breggsit then, you dicks. 
Britain won't accept imports of chlorine-washed chicken in a Brexit trade deal with the U.S.  
EU nurse applicants drop by 96% since Brexit vote.  
I am sure this the Gove / Tory #Brexit agenda.  Environmental/ Food  protections will then be reduced / eliminated/ traded away.  
This is an exceptionally well-argued blog in reply to Owen Jones and defeatist leftWhy Owen is wrong about Brexit  
Yer da saw Dundirk and his bold plan for Brexit Britain is to sell Spitfires. 
The European Union maintains that my friends in Hamas are terrorists. We must leave this awful, deluded organisation. #Brexit  
UK economy grows 0.3% in Q2 - services +0.5%, agriculture +0.6%.Remoaners waiting for the Brexit recession like  
first Brexit, now this. How much humiliation must our nation bear  
Brexiters shouldn't try and shut down Remainers. We lost. We won't get over it. It's called freedom of speech.#Brexit 
Brexit? We are not amused..... #Manchester 
If Gove & Fox row publicly about American chickens how can this shower of a Government ever hope to negotiate #Brexit? 
Remain voters are not "unpatriotic" by "talking the country down".It's the opposite. Remainers care about Britain's future after #Brexit. 
As Blackadder might say "#Brexit is a fate, worse than a fate worse than death".We have to ask "Whose interests are being served by this?" 
Time to fix #Brexit shambles says @NEEChamberRoss read in full  @TheJournalNews 
The Great #Brexit brain drain. UK universities (2.8% of GDP) already seeing a decline in applications.  @el_pais 
UK farmers are setting up businesses in Poland ahead of Brexit  
Labour position on Brexit "could change". In other words they'll tell you whatever you want to hear to get elected.  
Shopping and films were among the only bright spots for Britain's economy over past 3 months  
In an interview with @K24English , US @RepTrentFranks sends a message to #Kurdistan people regarding the referendum. 
A recession caused by #Brexit will not be the fault of the EU or immigrants. It's a homemade Brexiter recession. 
Dear (Daily Mail owned) Metro,Actually, we WERE told Brexit was going to be easy. By you mainly.Regards,Tom  
Labour may switch to opposing Brexit if the public mood changes.  
.@rickygervais "On bottles of bleach we have 'do not drink'. Take that off and in two years have another referendum"Or:#ChlorinatedChicken 
Absolutely no principles. CND but pro Trident; Internationalist but pro Brexit; Brit Nat but anti Scottish; but all conditional on polls.  
Government only takes nine hours to contradict itself over Brexit chicken policy  
Thought for the day: stop Brexit. 
Euratom: radioactive isotopes used for treating cancerTrade with US: chlorinated chickenAs Brexit goes on, these examples will accumulate 
14 months since Brexit referendumNearly 6 months since article 50 triggered And Tory/DUP stop Brexit negotiations to go on holidays! 
Britain's economy has experienced a "notable slowdown" in first half of this year, @ONS says  
Britain will not import chlorinated chicken to smooth a trade deal after Brexit, says Michael Gove  
Need to keep reminding ourselves about Boris' Brexit promises. Where is the £350m a week Boris? #BrexitShambles #ToriesOut 
Important point here. How can we possibly negotiate Brexit when Brexit gov have no settled will about what that looks like.  
Watching Brexit debate from sunny Paris I feel like a relative witnessing a family member go off the rails. Britain needs an intervention. 
Chicken-gate continues as Gove contradicts Fox by point blank ruling out chlorinated chicken imports from US #Brexit 
NEW: Michael Gove sparks Brexit split with Liam Fox by ruling out importing of chlorine-washed US chicken  
Brexit: Eight out of 10 Britons want full control of Britain’s borders, says survey  
'You are to BLAME!' German MEP rails against Guy Verhofstadt's anti-UK role on Brexit  
NEW Labour position on Brexit could change 'if public opinion shifts', says Corbyn campaign chief:  
Anyone who thinks Murdoch-backed Brexit was not about lowering food & pollution standards & all that hinders profit is living in fantasyland 
Ireland looks for direct energy links to EU, to bypass UK post-Brexit  via @FT 
Brexit: Eight out of 10 Britons want full control of Britain’s borders, says survey  
Senior Kurdish official says Kurdistan independence referendum going ahead despite opposition - ARA News  
The EU Referendum was the problem, it created unreal expectations based on spurious and exaggerated information.  
The EU are looking for any means possible to block Brexit talks, desperate people take desperate measures 
bbcr4 can't even discuss the film Dunkirk without mentioning Brexit this is quite ridiculous! 
Anyone have any spare outrage for David Mundell hustling post-Brexit trade deals in Burma where LGBT do 10 to life? 
Still think Scotland should jump off the Brexit cliff with Fox, Corbyn, May, et al?   
Possibly a significant case by analogy, for establishing standards for UK/EU police data exchange post-Brexit  
New post: Why Owen Jones is wrong about Brexit  
Petition for a vote on the final brexit deal, including remaining in the EU  
I agree and have always been completely and publicly clear - Brexit is a disaster. I am against it and will continue to campaigb against it  
I saw Dunkirk; it's not about Brexit. It's about a disastrous miscalculation which could easily have left the UK in ruins. Oh, hold on..  
Member of Corbyn's top team says Labour could change its stance on Brexit  
The Labour fallacy (in the 2017 manifesto) - no, leaving the EU does not require leaving the single market #Brexit  
Impressive summary of #Brexit facts and explanations. Read it now or bookmark it for later. And share it. Lots. #factsmatter 
FARAGE: The Brexit betrayal is underway - the British public want control of borders without further delay.  
Liam Fox answered one old question: the Brexit bad egg came before the chlorinated chicken 
READ | UK factory output growing at fastest rate in 22 years thanks to Brexit. More Remoaner lies busted every day! 
Was Britain right or wrong to vote for Brexit?Source: latest YouGov  
Still, no deal's better than a bad deal, we'll have our cake and eat it, and there's no downside to Brexit.  
Absolutely nobody voted for Brexit in order to lower our food standards.  
NHS struggles with 86,000 vacancies, blaming pay cap and Brexit uncertainty  
MUST-READ: Labour could change its position on Brexit - 80% of Labour members back SM membership. Please RT:  
One of the oddities of the Brexit referendum is that many Centre-Left people now find themselves arguing against cheaper food.  
Enjoying visit by @BorisJohnson to Sydney. Talking commerce, Brexit, Global Britain. And a stronger than ever  partnership.  
Unions want Labour to soften Brexit policy, even to point of staying in EU  
I see Theresa May has dispatched Boris, Davis and Fox out into the world to talk Brexit trade deals.Wonder how that'll go?  
Brexit: Eight out of 10 Britons want full control of Britain’s borders, says survey  
London’s First Muslim Mayor Takes On Brexit and Terror . Absolute must read on Sadiq Khan  
Dear @theresa_may and @jeremycorbyn, please listen. The UK electorate no longer wants Brexit. For pity's sake, stop this idiotic folly now. 
Labour slide to hard Brexit a big mistake, risks losing the support of pro-European younger voters. Daft to try and out Tory the Tories 
British EU negotiator says Brexit is a 'terrible idea' and even the Government doesn't understand how bad it will be  
This, by @jayrayner1, is fascinating on food supply chains, supermarkets, Brexit, and experts and public policy:  
FT view: Corbyn's wrong-headed view on Brexit: a mixture of Bennite dogma and ignorance  
Reach communities that were pro-leave coz they were neglected... & want real solutions- not just cancelling Brexit to go back to status quo 
Vast majority of Labour voters think Brexit is a disaster. Unfortunately Jeremy Corbyn thinks it's an opportunity. 
The thing I just don't get is why anyone would a so called hard Brexit. It's just stupid, it's unforgivable social and economic vandalism 
EU citizens, who've never worked in their lives, can walk into EU & claim UK benefits.& after #Brexit they can still claim UK benefits#Mad 
If Brexit Britain is going to be so muscular, why aren't the US talking about adopting our food standards? 
Sturgeon has become a prisoner of Brexit. My column in @thetimes today. 
Businesses are struggling to replace migrant workers who take the jobs unwanted by Brits  
Boom! Complete game-changer.Corbyn campaign chief says Labour could shift stance on Brexit if public mood changes. 
The fallacy of Labour’s hard stand on Brexit  via @FT 
Brexit is an opportunity to remove red tape and regulation in the art market   
UK's 'readiness for change' rating boosts Brexit hopes.  
Caught up w/ my great Aussie counterpart @JulieBishopMP to discuss opportunities from Brexit, the Commonwealth & more regional cooperation  
Typical Brexiter argument:"You lost. Get over it."Chris Patten gives the perfect #Brexit response:  
Latest BBC anti Brexit ploy, when GDP figures are positive keep low profile, if the figure are negative its definitely a result of Brexit 
Singaporean tax rates & regulatory framework should be post-Brexit Britain's goal, not some idle "threat."  
PM @HaiderAlAbadi: I won’t deploy tanks to #Kurdistan in response to referendum  
From the Garden of England to Poland, UK farmers look abroad after Brexit  by @CassLGarrison 
So uplifting when UK gets great data such as Factory orders yesterday best since 1995, if the media did not have to add DESPITE BREXIT! 
Here's why it's such a big deal that the #Brexit negotiating team includes just one woman  
Police force is planning to let Muslim officers wear full BURKAS  via @MailOnline 
WATCH: British summer fruit: a rarity post-Brexit? Read here:  
The Brexit idea is a gift that keeps on giving.  
Now the trade unions put pressure on Corbyn over his Brexit approach - Times reports  
BMW has decided to make the electric Mini in the U.K. - despite the risks from Brexit  
Emily Maitlis must replace Hard Brexit campaigner Andrew Neil as the BBC's main political interviewer immediately.  
ITV announces new reality show to air post-Brexit. "Please trade with us, We will eat your shit" pic.twitter.com/PwWAubghWR 
.@carolinemarcus:@BorisJohnson is expected to lay the groundwork for a post-Brexit trade deal during his Aust trip.  
Brexit: Johnson, Davis and Fox push agenda on three continents  
Will UK suffer cultural stagnation after Brexit? ☞ Free movement of artists 'must be protected' after Brexit  
Oops ...Did the City of London Just Press the Panic Button on Brexit?   
'You're a shambles, Merkel!' German leader warned 750,000 jobs on line over Brexit stance  
"EU at war: Brussels cracks as Brexit tears apart united front"  
"Let's have a referendum to change the constitution because Matt's mum couldnt be bothered to tell him about his citizenship status" #auspol 
Hard Brexit seriously threatens the NHS.  
No! We voted for a FULL Brexit because we love our country & want to rule it ourselves. Our servicemen gave their lives so we had that right 
The hard #Brexit that u advocate will undermine NHS staff with an ongoing recruitment crisis & funding pressures from a struggling economy.  
And if everyone watched this film, they'd probably understand why the majority of Britain voted 4 a FULL Brexit. No betrayal of our fallen! 
But I won't share your #Brexit. You're responsible for all that's imploding and the shitstorm coming. Man the fuck up. You won. Get over it. 
And realise why #Brexit is such a disaster Then we came out of Europe to regroup and returnUnder Brexit we run away deserting our friends 
Photos such as this one, makes #Brexit so much more motivating and wonderfully uplifting. Let's show them who runs the show!  
"I supported an ordered Brexit in good faith but this unholy mess wasn't what I expected.  I've changed my mind - cancel it"How's that?  
Pathetic. Would be nice if she got a primary opponent who turned it in to a national referendum election.  
The UK is sleep-walking through Brexit. The Tories have their heads in the sand. "It'll be alright on the night" is not a strategy. Enough. 
Germans tell Irish that the British politicians are a "disgrace" and their response to Brexit is "farcical" 
The real Project Fear - of EU immigrants and refugees cynically whipped up by the #Brexit billionaire press. #StopBrexit #Remain 
The decision to build an electric Mini in Oxford is a "vote of confidence" for post Brexit UK, said the Business Secretary. Do you agree?  
For pro-EU Tory and Labour politicians it is now a case of my party or my country. It is as simple and important as that.#Brexit #Remain 
Brexit must be stopped, says former UK diplomat - CNN  
Brexit Britain.  
As a British EU negotiator, I can tell you that Brexit is going to be far worse than anyone could have guessed  
#Brexit has destroyed our tolerant society. It is intolerable that our country has become so cruel. #Brexit is an evil that must be stopped.  
I want an exit from Brexit, progressive pro-EU alliance which brings together great people across the political spectrum, sadly Lab doesn't.  
You can't make any trade deals with the UK until they complete Brexit negotiations which will take years. #Dummy 
The UK literally cannot work on a new trade deal with the US until it completes Brexit which takes two years  
* @VinceCable is a man of carefully weighted reasoning, but what is needed is a Remainer leading with fire and passion.#StopBrexit #Brexit 
OVERHEARD:  'Chlorination Chicken' is the new national dish of Brexit Britain. 
Even the daily mail is realising there will be problems with Brexit!  
Blair scores MASSIVE OWN GOAL as his own poll shows BRITS WANT BREXIT  via @Your Brexit 
Vets mandatory in abbatoirs due to EU animal welfare rules. After Brexit, we can sack them & just douse everything in chlorine...  
WATCH: Poll reveals that most Brits think we should leave EU WITHOUT A DEAL  via @Your Brexit 
In both US and UK, the "post-fact" politics of Trump and Brexit quickly becoming "pre-reality" politics.Approaching the brick walls. 
Not read yet but what a genius photo.  Sadiq Khan Takes On Brexit and Terror  
#Brexit:Headline should be: 2 out of 10 Britons are brain dead.Full control of immigration needed NOW! 
"Britain just got its first concrete sign that Brexit will destroy the economy".The Independent.  
The absurdity of a #Brexit that blames the EU for actions Britain promoted @EmporersNewC's tweet thread#StopBrexit 
The Sun editorial so desperate for Brexit, it's now telling its readers chlorine chicken is safer than UK chicken  
#JacobReesMogg a true #Conservative and #Brexit supporter. A brilliant mind and articulate. RT if you agree. #bbcqt #bbcsp #marr #DailyMail 
 @easyJet hiring 1,200 extra staff New @MINI to be built in UK over Germany @amazon: Expanding UK HQ with 450 new staff#Brexit   
Next election, all I care about is Brexit. Whoever will stop it gets my vote. I'm a new LibDem member but will vote to stop Brexit. 
Put this in your diaries. Stop #Brexit day in Manchester on 1 October. Leeds for Europe will be there in force!  
Jeremy Corbyn faces growing trade union backlash over Brexit stance 
The gloomy opponents of Brexit just keep getting it so wrong. Britain is on the up thanks to our upcoming EU departure! Great news.  
The bottom line on Brexit is that anyone with a brain knows it's bad for the country. Unfortunately the Tories don't give a shit. 
Well Done To Our Brave Gurkha Regiment 
#LordKerr says that he designed #Article50 for a dictatorship to use to leave EU after its voting rights were taken away.#Brexit-a mistake 
Scoop: Jeremy Corbyn's campaign chief says Labour could change stance on Brexit if public opinion shifts  
BBC in tears. But but … muh Brexit  
Hold on Tony!Brexit is complicated. I trust Corbyn & StarmerYou attack Corbyn for being too left & now too right...We need patience IMO  
Boost for Brexit Britain as BMW picks Oxford over Germany and the Netherlands to build the new electric Mini.  
Brexit is dead. How long do we all have to keep tip-toeing around the corpse, being too polite to acknowledge this awkward, undeniable fact? 
Minister sums up the disaster that is Brexit in one damning sentence  
The great Brexit betrayal has begun. Even @JeremyCorbyn now has a tougher stance on immigration. 
As a British EU negotiator, I can tell you that #Brexit is going to be far worse than anyone could have guessed  
'You're WRONG!' Lord Jones slates Remainers claiming prices will rise after Brexit  
A reminder of conference policy on Brexit @jeremycorbyn 
To see both the left and the right of British politics both embracing Brexit with almost religious fervour is quite a depressing spectacle. 
Heroically, illogically, and utterly confusedly. But yes it is now in black and white. Brexit means Brexit is Labour policy too.  
Britain can't expect to regain the jobs it loses because of Brexit, Swiss bank chief says  
Meanwhile, over at brexit  
But that's just the thing - this vote was essentially a referendum on the process! And he voted "yes". 
#BorisJohnson's visit to our shores, #Brexit and the #Commonwealth. My @PressNewsroom #cartoon #nzpol 
Amazon, Mini, EasyJet in Brexit Good News Hat-Trick  
If those deliberately excluded from the EU referendum franchise had been able to vote, Remain would have won by a substantial margin. 
Donald Trump called on Russia to hack a leading US politician and now he's suggesting UK trade deals are going on illegally before Brexit  
Remoaner Vince Cable blasted for trying to talk down potential UK-US Brexit trade deal. What a bowel movement he is.  
#TelegraphView: America's enthusiasm for a free trade deal should give Britain reason for Brexit optimism #premium  
The paralysis of Anglo-Saxon liberalism is epochal. Everyone knows Trump must go; everyone knows Brexit must be stopped. But.. 
WATCH: Poll reveals that most Brits think we should leave EU WITHOUT A DEAL  via @Your Brexit YES IM ONE OF THEM 
Will be doing a thread on here on Thursday morning, 10am UK time. Not Brexit related. Some of you may enjoy, especially long-term followers. 
Former Labour frontbencher savages 'depressing' Barry Gardiner as party's Brexit splits grow 
As a British EU negotiator, I can tell you that Brexit is going to be far worse than anyone could have guessed   
How is it possible that the @UKLabour leadership are able to completely ignore party policy as adopted unanimously by conference? #brexit 
This will really help British negotiations with Brussels..(not).Are we seriously putting our Brexit eggs in this basket (no pun intended)?  
"As a British EU negotiator, I can tell you that Brexit is going to be far worse than anyone could have guessed"  
The promises of Brexit can't be kept, says @stephenkb. You can only decide which bits to betray  
Only three EU27 economies are bigger than the economy of Texas ALONE – which shows just how big a #Brexit trade deal with the U.S. will be.  
News of legal action in #France against #Brexit in support of disenfranchised  abroad. Please share. Link:  
Forget clowns like Barnier and Verhofstadt. Brexit is going to be fine, argues @TheCommentator 
FT View: On the fundamental question of what Brexit means, Jeremy Corbyn and Theresa May largely agree  
Watch this (& weep at Brexit hopelessness) 'Lego bricks and boiled eggs': three Brexiteers explain everything –  
Those in Labour despairing at Corbyn over Europe must change the Party or leaveKeeping heads down while Corbyn's leader enables hard Brexit  
A Post-Brexit trade deal with lower agricultural standards for all? Not a good deal.  
In 1979 the Labour party invented the 40% rule that overturned a referendum in ScotlandThey then expected us to vote confidence in them..  
“The only smart Brexit is no Brexit,” says Lord Kerr, who authored the EU's rule on leaving the Union, Article 50.  
In Tory Britain Bankers comes firstA special 'City Visa' will be granted to Bankers coming to UK after #Brexit 
This is THE point. Brexit only continues because Tories want to to stay in power more than they want the country to have a financial future.  
Interesting that this article (correctly) describes UK as a drag on further EU integration. This is why Brexit was (sadly, IMO) inevitable.  
.Which bits of Brexit to betray?Here's an even better idea - Let's Betray EVERY Single Bit of Brexit! . 
BBG suggest that it is a four year BMW investment, not normal 7 year cycle... roughly coincides with likely Brexit transition period  
There is a massive #Brexit gap in the centre of British politics. But is @VinceCable capable of hitting an empty goal from 5 yards?#Remain 
Brexit a terrible idea even if done as well as possible. Lots more bad surprises to come - spot on, by @GuitarMoog  
The biggest threat to NHS is @UKlabour and the @Conservatives Brexit which threatens to end freedom of movement. It's time to #StopBrexit 
Statement by @GuyVerhofstadt and EP Brexit Steering Group on #citizensrights highlights issues still to overcome.  
Brexit boost as Amazon creates 450 new jobs at London HQ  
.“It is just a further indigestible gift from Tories and their Brexit.". 
."Britain’s chances of securing a deal with the EU in the 20 months left of Brexit negotiations 'look minimal'". 
Brexit hasn't even hit yet.   
Our #Brexit myth breaker about the 1975 referendum. Please widely share. Link to our report:  
Minister sums up the disaster that is Brexit in one damning sentence  
Labour has many pro-remain members and what Jeremy said on Sunday about leaving the single market would be no different from a Tory Brexit.  
#Corbyn changes his stance on Brexit and I'll change my stance on Corbyn. I think a lot of people feel the same? #labour 
"As a British EU negotiator, I can tell you that Brexit is going to be far worse than anyone could have guessed".  
When I wrote this about Brexit a year ago, it wasn't a popular opinion. How things have changed:  
Somehow I missed this one. The U.K. Cannot do trade deals unilaterally with the US until Brexit occurs. He's either lying or a moron.  
Amazon says it is "very optimistic" Brexit will not hamper its UK expansion plans or access to talent across Europe  
The fallacy of Labour’s hard stand on Brexit - @FT View on Corbyn's deeply wrong-headed path  
."Alongside his U-turn on student debt, could Corbyn’s stance on Brexit weaken his youthful supporter base?". 
The clearer Corbyn's position on Brexit becomes, the uglier it looks. He'll disappoint many voters who hoped he'd be better than the Tories. 
Jeremy Corbyn faces growing trade union backlash over Brexit stance 
Labour and #Brexit - the gift that keeps on giving, for my next trick I'll create a comprehensive FTA from powdered unicorns...  
Yes Southern Kaduna can have #referendum to join Biafra.Southern Kaduna can be a territory of Biafra. #BiafraReferendum #FreeBiafra 
No matter how much anyone want to "believe" in #Brexit ....this is what they really should know  
.Brexit Means B̶r̶e̶x̶i̶t̶ You Will Die Younger"Brexit will DIRECTLY make us less healthy & live shorter lives". 
TORCH EXCLUSIVE: New evidence proves Corbyn and Labour LIED to the public about their Brexit position:  
."The company discounted the possibility of setting up the global trading hub in London due to Brexit.". 
European Parliament statement on Brexit negotiations. Lists citizens' rights EU wants to keep & UK doesn't:   
Brexit has been nothing but a splatter gun of shit. Nothing, absolutely not one good thing has come of it. 
The thing about the referendum is that it can't be honoured. You can only pick which bits to betray:   
Seen 'Dunkirk'. How can a nation which gave blood, sweat & tears to a war so stupidly abandon the peace? We will never surrender to #Brexit. 
You can keep saying it,no more true now than ever. That wasn't the question on the referendum paper. Its opinion not fact.  
Some rather telling quotes regarding #Brexit from an unnamed Tory minister in @thetimes  
Imagine being this unhinged about leaving a trade arrangement. Viva Brexit!   
While we're on the subject of fun trade things that might become controversial post-Brexit ... 
Grocery price rises are no longer spiralling upwards one year on from the Brexit vote, industry data suggests  
Excellent piece by @heidi_mp on single market & customs union membership. #Brexit  
Brexit Secretary @DavidDavisMP says act of parliament and treaty will safeguard the rights of EU citizens 
UK: @HSIUKorg urges government not to trade away #animalprotection in post #Brexit trade deals, via @SkyNews 
Former British EU negotiator says Brexit was a 'terrible idea' and even the Government doesn't - The Independent  
On Brexit, Labour's position is empirically wrong and politically disastrous, writes @OliverKamm  
Boris Johnson's New Zealand counterpart expresses 'strong interest' in swift post-Brexit UK-NZ trade deal  
Brilliant news that an electric Mini will be built in Oxford - although BMW's concerns re Brexit can't be overlooked  
#Brexit is the most stupid thing that any British government has done during my lifetime (born 1930). The next most stupid was Suez, by Eden  
Theresa May, as Home Secretary, failed to enforce this piece of EU legislation but is now saying brexit will cut immigration. #MAYbeNot 
A blistering & rightfully angry thread at @jeremycorbyn's shameful comments on immigration. Labour & Tory Brexit offers indistinguishable.  
With respect Labour shld back the option of giving the  Ppl a final choice to either confirm or annul #Brexit B4 the current deal is lost!  
Freedom of movement must end by March 2019. It's called Brexit, it's called democracy and it's what we voted for.  
More lovely food will soon be winging it's way from America. So much for high standard food for the masses after Brexit. #StopBrexit 
BREXIT. HARD. FAST. NOW.  
Breaking: First electric @MINI will be built in UK. Great opportunity for us to lead on green tech post Brexit  
Tory: "If we try to cancel brexit we destroy ourselves; if we go ahead with it we destroy the country"  
British farmers risk losing out to cheaper, imported food after Brexit, Lords warn  
There are many reasons to be positive about the UK’s economic outlook and Brexit, says @DrGerardLyons 
Can't wait to find out what the next Jeremy Corbyn position on Brexit is that I totally agree with. 
Brussels attacks Liam Fox's 'ignorant' remarks on chlorinated chicken #Brexit  
Went to see Brexit last night. Or as some call it, Dunkirk. 
Donald Trump says he is working on a "very big and exciting" post-Brexit trade deal with UK  
Labour MP @heidi_mp says that Barry Gardiner's argument for a Hard Brexit is "straight out of Tory Central Office".  
Did you notice that @BarryGardiner did not share his Brexit piece on Twitter, when @heidi_mp & @pollytoynbee did? In his heart, he knows... 
Murdo. You numpty! Of course Indy's her priority.It's the only way to get Scotland out of the Tory Brexit disaster. 
Brexit: a sting in the tail. Your taxes will pay to develop southern England's infrastructure.  
Brexit: most expensive self-harm project everWe'll all pay, just because some people don't like hearing foreigners 
I'd vote for Pol Pot at the moment if he would stop Brexit 
Labour MP says shadow minister is 'fundamentally wrong' on Brexit  
'Brexit would have been terrible even if done well. It's not being done well', says Former British EU negotiator  
first blog post in two years,  everyone,  about Corbyn, Brexit etc  
NHS has 86000 vacancies, up 10% in 12m. Applications for nursing roles from EU citizens down 96%. Well done #brexit 
Within five years of hard brexit they'll either be dead or will no longer admit to having voted for it in the first place. 
"Far from improving the United Kingdom’s position in the world, Brexit can only diminish it."  
*It's bc they're supporting Brexit, like Labour*  
Amazon, Mini, EasyJet in Brexit Good News Hat-Trick  
How they see themselves on the left. How they are regarded by the 27 EU states..#Brexit  
That Brexit will demolish the UK economy is not mere opinion. It is a mathematical certainty.  
Prof @sjwrenlewis gives sharpest riposte to the nonsense of Brexit left wingers, who are now indistinguable from Fox 
Strange:  so many of the people that were vocal about the '£350million BREXIT poster' , completely silent re Corbyn's £100bn Uni pledge 
What are the major risks in 2017? #economy #jobs #news #brexit #finance #business #job #money #forex #fintech #startup #innovation 
UK's courts should protect rights of EU citizens living in Britain post-Brexit, David Davis says #Premium 
Latest statement from European Parliament #Brexit team  
As a British EU negotiator, I can tell you that Brexit is going to be far worse than anyone could have guessed  
Oh no! Not more Brexit good news! How will we cope?  
He that have ears let him hear what the time is talking. Referendum not Restructuring. #Biafra must succeed. 
Even our #AnimalWelfare standards are under threat if we #brexit : 
8) Wasn't that what Brexit is all about?So what was the actual point of this "distracting" message? 
Tory MPs call for action to avert post-Brexit ports gridlock  
Another day, another #Brexit price hike... 
"As a UK EU negotiator, I can tell you Brexit is going to be far worse than anyone could have guessed"It's madness 
Trade between Britain and the EU will be "fine" after Brexit, ex-minister Digby Jones says  
U.S. trade talks are aiming to ensure Britain has a "head start" after Brexit, Liam Fox says  
WATCH: Poll reveals that most Brits think we should leave EU WITHOUT A DEAL  via @Your Brexit 
Remaining in the customs union after #Brexit would be a disaster, Labour’s trade spokesman has said  
#Lunchtime after #Brexit  Feeling Hungry? Support #Remain  #shrinkflation @MrDominicBuxton @YEM_UK @BHforEU @RemainerAction @acgrayling 
Corbyn has got to Barry Gardiner. He's talking out of his arse. Brexit will destroy Labour and the Tories. 
Latest statement from the European Parliament Brexit Steering Group: nowhere near enough progress is being made.  
Leaving the EU was an act of UK's self-confidence. Politicians should be more optimistic on Brexit' | via @telegraph 
After limiting their futures, are we now going to deprive our kids of healthy food & ultimately their health as we switch EU for US? #Brexit  
Spot on from my great @UKLabour colleague @heidi_mp on why Labour should back staying in the Single Market & Customs Union #Brexit  
That referendum idea of Cameron's to resolve Tory splits on Europe really has worked well hasn't it?  
Brace yourselves for the impending train wreck of the Brexit negotiations. @AlastairMeeks says its like 1914  
Steve Bell’s If Strip Theresa May takes a Brexit hike - political cartoon gallery  
Another unexpected BREXIT horror: the oiks will be free to buy fat juicy Texan steaks! Where will it end?! 
The excitement of #Brexit appears to have turned into something more like..well we started so we will finish....#awful 
Sick with despair over Brexit and the clowns and charlatans who drag the UK into this nightmare after a tight win in a dishonest campaign. 
Most Leavers want a hard Brexit. Voters at large want a soft one  
Former British EU negotiator: Brexit would have been terrible even if done well. It's not being done well  
BMW spokesman says company neither sought nor received assurances from Government on post-Brexit trading arrangements over Mini investment 
'If we try to cancel Brexit we destroy ourselves; if we go ahead with it we destroy the country'  
Remoaners (our sprawling tax-eating New Class) don't give a stuff about trade. They hate BREXIT coz it's an attack on their power & income. 
How does chlorinated chicken sound for dinner? We didn't think so. We'll keep fighting for a better Brexit deal.  
Amazon's Brexit optimism amid UK expansion at new HQ  
This is what passes for principles in Labour these days. Want to ditch Brexit because it's becoming unpopular, not because it's wrong.  
'Britain is fast becoming the sick man of Europe' – experts debate #Brexit data  
BMW to build electric Mini in UK (despite previous warnings it could move production because of Brexit)  via @FT 
It's not so bad here at 'the back of the queue' it seems... #UKIP #Politics #Trade #Brexit  
BMW will build the fully electric version of the Mini in the UK, despite earlier Brexit warnings.   
.@UKHouseofLords report shows 90% of UK vets and 75% of abattoir workers are from EU. How will they be replaced post-Brexit? #brexitshambles 
Do you realize #Brexit has to be completed before the UK can sign any trade deal? And that's not until circa 2020?  
Forget the eurocrats – German politicians and businessmen want a successful #Brexit to safeguard jobs and exports.  
No, the SNP wish to give Scots a choice with a second independence referendum, so they might stop Scotland being wrenched out of the EU.  
A reminder: the UK can't sign trade deals until after Brexit. Plus, EU treaties say they strictly shouldn't even be negotiating them at all.  
Not possible to work on a trade deal with U.K until terms of Brexit are known - perhaps after 2019. Haven't your advisors told you this? 
"It is true that there would be public anger at a second referendum, but there would be far more if the economy went down the toilet."  
I condemn BritNat insistence in dragging Scotland over a Brexit cliff edge and placing Scotland in economic penury. 
So the head of KRG's IT department thinks Kurds voting no in upcoming referendum are committing "high treason" and should be punished  
Corbyn's support for Brexit may be persuading some Tories that Remain isn't such a bad option. Maybe there is a masterplan after all!   
Good piece on Britain's absence of tragedy: Brexit is the child of complacency, not pain -  via @FT 
UK Parliament launches Beyond Brexit: the UK and the Balkans inquiry  
Statement of EP #Brexit Steering Group after meeting @MichelBarnier this morning: 
The £350 "lie" #Brexit  
'Like austerity, Brexit was a political choice forced on UK because of a civil war in the Tory party, not a progressive movement for change'  
How bad will #Brexit be?From a former negotiatior:  
Brexit: David Davis tells EU citizens UK courts 'trustworthy'  
"Sadiq Khan Takes On Brexit and Terror" - fascinating @NewYorker profile of London mayor @SadiqKhan 
"And here we have Jobs First Brexit, Hard Brexit and Green Brexit"  
.@GuitarMoog's excellent--but scary as hell--piece on complexities of Brexit. This is, in a nutshell, why we must continue to fight Brexit.  
What a Legacy these two silly sausages left, £1.8tn of debt and #brexit God help, as they disapear without being held to account #votetory 
Dr Liam Fox has said Remainers who hope something will "thwart" Brexit are "dreaming"  
As a British EU negotiator, I can tell you that Brexit is going to be far worse than anyone could have guessed  
I can handle 5 yrs of Tory rule. I CAN'T handle the decrease in rights, living standards & opportunity that'll last a lifetime with Brexit. 
Timely reminder to the press & commentariat that Labour aren't in govt, so the Tories are negotiating Brexit. Please scrutinise accordingly 
It's all going horribly wrong according a British EU negotiator. It is time to rethink Brexit and #StopBrexit 
"an appalling dereliction of duty": brilliant synopsis on the increasing self-harm of #Brexit  
Weak Leaders! 'There'll be VERY large scale public anger' Nigel Farage rails against Brexit REVERSAL  
Labour’s leadership have clarified beyond doubt: Brexit means a clean break from the Customs Union and Single Market  
The Biafra Telegraph : Biafra: IPOB Ugbene 2, Ava-layout Zones Kicks Off 'No Referendum, No Election' Campaign In...  
#Brexit USA DealBleached ChickenAnimals Fed Hormones & Animal prods86 Banned PesticidesLower Animal WelfareGM cropsBankrupt  Farmers  
Yesterdays post: Lexit   Why those advocating Brexit on the left are wrong. 
NEW Jeremy Corbyn faces growing trade union backlash over Brexit stance 
"There are literally hundreds issues where the effects of Brexit will be detrimental to the UK. "   
Today's @EveningStandard: hospitals chief inspector warns Brexit a threat to staffing + @adam_peaty latest & profile of new Globe Director 
IPOB & Kanu APARTHEID NGR RESTRUCTURING REFERENDUM There shouldn't be force in a political wedlock.Let's put a Yes/No QS right now. 
#MUSTREAD | Statement by @GuyVerhofstadt and the #Brexit Steering Group of the @Europarl_EN   
As @jeremycorbyn  opposed MPs having second jobs how can @Keir_Starmer, his Brexit spokesman, take an £800-an hour post with Mischon 
"Brexit has led to a massive reduction in the EU nationals that work" at #NHS. We need certainty on #citizensrights 
UK leadership guiding Britain through Brexit.  
The Canberra crowd can bang on all it likes. A constitutional referendum to permit dual citizenship for politicians has no chance. None. 
BREXIT ECONOMY: Britain 'miles better off' after EU exit, Brussels negotiating team is 'arrogance personified'. 
Germany risks 750,000 manufacturing jobs if it starts a trade war with Brexit Britain  
Love Scotland for innovation and NIcola Sturgeon. You guys have real balls when it comes to cutting edge tech - and fighting shitty Brexit! 
As a British EU negotiator, I can tell you that Brexit is going to be far worse than anyone could have guessed  
Quote of the day/week/year #Brexit  
“I don’t know what will happen on October 1, what I know won’t happen is a referendum” — José Luis Ayllón  
Peter Marsh (@PeterMarsh307, founder of @madeherenow) wants to interview manufacturers who see Brexit as beneficial to their business #GBmfg 
My article for The Independent and @UKandEU on the disastrous complexities of Brexit that the Government simply refuses to face up to.  
Please RT our latest our article for Reaction - To make a success of Brexit we must leave the Customs Union  
"Everyone said Brexit would be bad but it's fine!" You can keep saying this until your kids are living under a bridge. "It's a nice bridge!"  
Remoaner Blair's poll shows an overwhelming majority back Brexit!  
Quite an achievement to be anti independence , pro Trident, pro hard Brexit & still get Scottish beret wearers falling at your feet. #Jezza 
It'll be hard for Britain to strike an EU trade deal by 2019, Liam Fox acknowledges  
Boris Johnson: Brexit will enable UK to engage with the world  
Lord Chief Justice urges government to provide certainty on Brexit-related legal issues "in the immediate future":  
Anyone who thinks Murdoch-backed Brexit was not about rich removing worker rights and anything that hinders profit is living in fantasy land 
1) For those in Europe wondering how Britain can enter #brexit without a plan, Tory politics have always worked that way. No planning,...  
We told you Corbyn wanted hard Brexit.You said No!We told you he wanted to end FOM.You said No!We told you he was a Leaver.You said No! 
Remainers voted Corbyn for 'soft brexit'Kippers voted Corbyn for 'hard brexit'Students voted Corbyn for wiped debtLabour's con unravels. 
As a British EU negotiator, I can tell you that Brexit is going worse than anyone could ever have imagined  
Desperate. Desperate. Desperate.There was a GE, @Anna_Soubry. It came AFTER the Brexit result. Corbyn crushed your majority.Keep trying.  
Unions in very different place on Brexit to Barry Gardiner/leadership. Could get interesting if there's vote at conference 
Opposition to Freedom of Movement is where nationalist and socialist collectivisms join hands against individual liberty.#Brexit #Remain 
This takedown of Owen Jones on #Brexit by @tony_nog is solid - examines inconsistencies of Owen’s arguments 
81% say it is essential, very or fairly important to gain full control over immigration in Brexit talks @IpsosMORI  
HoC Code of Conduct: "6.  Members have a general duty to act in the interests of the nation as a whole.." Brexit patently not. 
After Brexit I say we all go for a KFCC 
David Davis can't recall how many women are on his #Brexit negotiating team. It's one David. One.  
If only they'd engage brain instead of sphincter? @BrexitDebateUK @Brexit @BrexitBin @BrexitResist @LeaveEUOfficial @remain_eu @AngieMeader 
Brexit means leaving the single market and the customs union  
The worst example of the NHS recruitment crisis is in nursing. NHS nursing applications from the EU are down 96% since the Brexit vote.  
WATCH | The economic Armaggedon we were told would happen exists only in the columns of the anti-Brexit press, says @LiamFox 
Charge of the Light Brexit Brigade - valour of the cavalry carrying out orders, regardless of the obvious outcome. 
Save on cleaning products ! Use your "Brexit chicken" to disinfect all surfaces !Hilarious video 
This hypocrisy is breathtakingGrowth forecasts have been cut due to #Brexit, which Labour actively wants &which will bring worse austerity  
For the record, it’s perfectly possible to be to the left of many in Labour and still be in favour of a Norwegian style Brexit 
That Brexit was promoted by our most loathsome politicians, who lied through their teeth, should cause Brexit voters to pause for thought. 
The Brexit strategy that you share with Tories & UKIP would devastate the economy, cost growth, cost jobs, hurt the poor. Stop lying to us  
Corbyn wants a "jobs first" Brexit. Very noble BUT there is no such thing. Brexit inherently threatens jobs and ALL politicians know that. 
Josie Irwin of @theRCN says Brexit, student cuts at universities and pay issues are all reasons why there are staff shortages in the NHS  
Why it would be a political and economic disaster for Britain if Brexit was actually halted. Me for Brexit Central   
UK is a world leader in farm animal welfare – read EU Cmttee recs for maintaining that status after #Brexit   
Sometimes I think back to the day before Brexit and remember how happy I was back then. 
Brits voted Brexit in the referendum.Then Brits voted LibLabCon in the General Elecetion and didn't get Brexit and wondered why. 
Chlorinated chicken, unsafe GM foods and hormone-injected beef... welcome to the UK's post-Brexit dinner table...yum yum ... @GMWatch 
I voted remain. When did @jeremycorbyn say that @UKLabour would stop Brexit? He didn't.I voted Labour.Stop being so condescending.  
Not least because Brexit is not democratically mandated, but dishonestly stolen: never to be forgiven, & resistance never to be stopped. 
UK EU negotiators need to grow a back bone EU need UK more than UK need EU , so for gods sake grow a pair and Brexit HARD !!!  
Good piece on Brexit by a senior Labour MP. Yes, really.  
Chlorination Chicken could work as a new dish for the Brexit Empire. 
This tweet is from the EU's deputy chief negotiator on Brexit.  Take note.  
They keep asking Scotland to help the UK get the best Brexit deal, when they clearly don't give a fuck what deal Scotland ends up with. 
Would love to hear from Brexit voting farmers what they're thinking about  cheap imported  hormone injected beef and chlorinated chicks. 
There isn't a flag for Joe Hart. He's a lion. A proper bastard, hard Brexit animal.  
Brexit: has there ever been an issue where trust in government was so important, whilst those in power were so untrustworthy? 
"The single market: a viable Brexit path" | excellent @Guardian leader piece today   
Small nation builds global rep 4 quality food/drink. Loses it to a (literally) toxic Brexit. What, we just sit here?  
I'd like to see @StateDept issue a statement supporting the Catalan independence referendum. 
"If we cancel Brexit we destroy ourselves if we go ahead we destroy the country" - minister sums up Tory dilemma  
Remember Trump saying 'I am Mr Brexit'? May they go down together.  
I think that more countries will start supporting the Catalan independence referendum in the next two weeks. 
Control of immigration is the NUMBER ONE Brexit priority for British voters:  
Irish Water : Defund, make sure things don't work, get people angry, hand it over to private capital. Still no referendum. #todaysor 
GLOBAL: Brexit Britain will have 'wider horizons' outside of the EU representing itself on the world stage.  
having been betrayed by Labour, there are no circumstances, other than reversal of Brexit, in which I would ever vote Labour 
Vote Brexit and take back control of everything. Except animal welfare standards. And GMOs in food. Oh, and hygiene standards. #r4today 
It's great to hear this debate about animal welfare and food prices. In a few months we might know enough to vote in a referendum.#r4today 
Cracks show for Labour as party fails to grasp anti-Brexit feeling, More so in Scotland SLAB all over the shop:  
Deutsche Bank considers moving cash and staff from London - plus Tuesday's other Brexit news  
If only the BBC, House of Lords etc had covered in depth how Brexit would lower food safety/welfare standards *before* the vote. #r4today 
#r4todayLower quality food. Just another one of those exciting #Brexit opportunities 
The EU cannot survive these levels of youth unemployment, nor out of control alien immigrationBREXIT is becoming irrelevant. It's game over  
I would publicly pledge: deliver Hard Brexit, Labour, and I will not vote for you (). Please RT. 
Brexit is "bonkers" and parties that support and promote it are selfish, insensitive, in denial and arrogant.  
Many of us (me included) felt that he was crap on Brexit from long before the election, seems he is determined to keep that up. 
Is this the Brexit banking exodus Theresa May told us couldn’t happen? | Nesrine Malik | Opinion | The Guardian  
In Britain, a softer Brexit is beginning to seem inevitable  
Jobs lost to Brexit will be "nearly impossible" for Britain to regain, Swiss bank chief says  
Why if, as promised, there is 'no downside to Brexit' do we require this? If Brexit was positive we'd be all in. It's not. It's cancer.  
Post-Brexit trade deals 'threaten UK's animal welfare standards'  
This thread gives plausible explanation why Labour in recent interventions from Corbyn & Gardiner have gone for harder Brexit than Tories  
Better Together slogan for the next Scottish independence referendum:Eat your chlorine-washed chicken  
Blocking Brexit now would make Britain close to ungovernable says @oflynnmep 
Labour's disarray on Brexit policy is an example of exactly why Corbyn shed shadow cabinet members & lost a vote of no confidence 172-40  
The Brexit problem: to get trade deal with US or India, standards of hygiene, health & safety will need to fall; this means no access to EU 
Apparently Jeremy Corbyn came out hard for Brexit, this is unreal   
UK's animal welfare standards 'threatened by post-Brexit trade deals'  
"Stages of Brexit"THE COLLECTED WIT AND WISDOM OF BREXITEERS  
If necessary, we will ensure hung parliaments for evermore, so that nothing can ever get done, until some wise party leader stops Brexit. 
You can't make it up.Islam-loving, Halal-condoning @BBC is suddenly worried about animal welfare & #FoodStandards of #Brexit trade deals. 
Democratically agreed? The  policy on Brexit reverses policy agreed at last year's conference! When did we agree UKIP immigration? Grow up.  
Hard to take seriously the complaint of inadequate consultation from those who disregard result of a 75% leadership mandate & 95% referendum  
Labour Brexit spokesman accused of conflict of interest over adviser role to law firm that took on PM on Article 50  
Frankfurt may be winning the race to lure Brexit bankers but it looks like a hollow victory  
Corbyn is for hard Brexit, so he is officially for his party's few, not its many  
Britain faces up to Brexit  
So, all this talk about Brexit being bad and Scotland not wanting it...The SNP- taking any position to cause grievance!  
Deutsche Bank says it may move €300 billion from London to Frankfurt because of Brexit  
Corbyn used one case where EU immigration is abused to justify ending Freedom of Movement and exiting the Single Market. #Brexit #Remain 
Jeremy Corbyn facing growing backlash from divided Labour MPs over Brexit stance 
Exclusive: Fears flights between Britain and the EU could be halted after Brexit  
Brexit: UK 'overwhelmingly reliant' on EU vets and abattoir workers  
Ryanair says it may have to move its entire UK fleet out of the country if it doesn't get clarity on Brexit  
Well that's it. Labour's stance on Brexit is the same as Liam Fox's & Boris Johnson's. UK is well & truly fucked. 
We don't like #wetherspoons #Dyson #JCB or #PatisserieValerie all supported brexit, now will suffer. So #EUflagmafia left you a #remain gift 
."Brexit, we were told, was a great economic opportunity.Now, it seems, it is putting the squeeze on ALL of us.". 
It's apparent that Brexit is entirely for the "ultras". That is the ultra high net worth; ultra right wing; ultra insane; and ultra thick. 
Imagine that @UKLabour, nothing to separate you from the Tories on Brexit. #StopBrexit 
Brexit for dummies: Theresa May warned slashing food standards to win US trade deal could spell disaster for farmers  
Russian FM supports referendum on Kurdish independence: video  #Iraq #Kurds #Russia 
UK exhausted from arguing with Brexit f**kwits 
Out now: new EU Cmttee report on #Brexit: farm animal welfare   
The pound after Brexit or my opinion of Owen Jones this year?  
Lord I wish I'd written thisWhy Corbyn is pushing for hard #brexitMust read  
"When you align with Brexit you are aligning, whether you like it or not, with the worst, nationalist, racist elements of our society."  
"Labour should be tough on Brexit and tough on the causes of Brexit."  Jeremy Cliffe, Berlin Bureau Chief at the economist.  
Nicola Sturgeon plans to hold second Scottish independence referendum before UK officially leaves EU - Glasgow Live   
I saw the best minds of my generation destroyed by Brexit, straining hypothetical mandates, deluding themselves...David Allen Ginsberg 
I think that the wait for IndyRef2 during this horrendous Labour/Tory Brexit is going to be the ultimate social media endurance contest. 
"I didn’t vote for Brexit because of the economy, I voted for Brexit to get control of our borders"  
Let me RT that. And let's make that UK Labour worse than Tories on Brexit now (yes, I mean that).  
UKIP's Patrick O'Flynn is one of those who think politics stops after one vote. Bad luck, Pat: politics goes on: Brexit will be stopped. 
I miss brexit. 
Ryanair banging on about Brexit again. Select another carrier to fly with, I say. 
This looks spot on. Labour's hard Brexit is ideological, plain and simple.  
Bond 25 will be released after Brexit. Nobody could have predicted that back when SPECTRE came out. 
Midterms are usually more about a referendum on the president than a choice between the two parties.  
French pharma company just laid off English but retained French staff. Someone told me "bloody French", I respnded "no, bloody Brexit" . . . 
Matthias Wissman, the president of the VDA, the German automotive industry association interviewed by the BBC about #Brexit.  
."There has ALWAYS been the danger that the Right would try to USE a hard Brexit to scrap workers’ rights & ....". 
Labour: That Liam Fox, eh, what a maniac!Liam Fox: Brexit means no single market, no customs union.Labour: Yeah, obvs! 
With such exceptional voting throughout the entire series, it really makes you wonder how the fuck Brexit happened #LoveIslandFinal 
Must say this is the most compelling case I've yet read from a Labour politician; a case to Remain that is. #Brexit 
Speed at which Brexit nonsense keeps coming from UK Labour astonishing. Can anyone in Lab still look in mirror?  1/ 
These Labour attacks on Liam Fox blunted slightly by shadow intl trade secretary adopting core of Fox's Brexit position.  
"If we cancel #Brexit we destroy ourselves; if we go ahead, we destroy the country.": UK minister  /via @thetimes 
Brexit could lead to return of the plague, Adolf Hitler, Daleks and Godzilla.  
Tuesday's Independent: "Food standards 'at risk' as Fox chases US Brexit deal" (via @hendopolis) #tomorrowspaperstoday 
Really don’t understand Gardiner #Brexit piece. Tell me please why Labour - on economics of Brexit - can’t sound little better than Tories? 
Or to put it another way, only decisions by people currently in Labour Party can stop BrexitWill they take those decisions @campbellclaret 
Brexit will break one thing for certain: the UK political system.We can't have party leaders claiming a non-binding referendum is binding 
Liam Fox mocks concerns about chlorine-soaked chickens in Britain after Brexit  
Jeremy Corbyn facing growing backlash from divided Labour MPs over Brexit stance 
'The EU is potentially BROKE' Tory MEP hits out at bloc over 'nonsensical' Brexit bill  
What’s Gardiner trying to do? Position Labour on #Brexit as close to Tories as possible? As obsessive on ECJ as May!  
Unless those against #brexit draw up a real plan about what it will be like if we stay in EU b/c if it's just to be like now it won't fly. 
Never forget. We had an advisory referendum with an imprecise question in which millions who would be materially affected were denied a vote 
#brexit like #DonaldTrump aren't anomalies but the logical consequence of politics for the few not the many & it will take years to repair. 
Voice of the Mirror: This is a hard Brexit to swallow 
New poll shows voters favour Single Market access over full immigration control. #Brexit  
And now - what Brexit was really about.  
Former Labour MP having a go at Jeremy Corbyn over his position on Brexit.Well done Mark.  
Good for Kez. So SLab will now lead the campaign against UK Labour's Brexit kowtow?  
Knew as soon as the remainers put a remainer as PM we the people would be betrayed over our Brexit. Recent U-Turns by May has proved it. 
Absolute Brexit Boy! If you don't want to consign @UKLabour to the political wilderness then tell Jeremy @jeremycorbyn you don't want Brexit  
I am currently securing my dual citizenship with Great Britain. You might say I'm considering a Brexit of my own.  
1957 coronation chicken2017 chlorinated chicken#brexit 
Shortie really came thru with brexit brows. Incredible.  
'You're a shambles, Merkel!' German leader warned 750,000 jobs on line over Brexit stance  
Soon, if we carry on down the path of Brexit, the only thing UK will excel in is the hubris of the Pro-Brexit elite & the right-wing press.  
So #Brexit has led to Ryanair slashing prices and a better deal for consumers? No wonder the campaigned for remain  
Is there a single aspect of Brexit which is not a complete and utter total clusterfuck? 
I'm very patriotic & ambitious for my country that's why I'm against Brexit. Support for Brexit is such a misplaced patriotism. 
Exactly, no MP supporting Brexit can actually quote true costs of Brexit, because they don't know.Truly unbelievable that they support it.  
Deutsche Bank says it may move €300 billion from London to Frankfurt because of Brexit  
This is based on a series of falsehoods - complete deluded mince; Douglas Carswell why Brexit will be good for UK   
Shameful by Labour. Wonder how all those young voters feel now after thinking the party offered a better position on Brexit?  
By holding a referendum in which 96.7% of the Crimean people voted to rejoin the Russian Federation. Not a single bullet was fired.  
Dinner before Brexit vs dinner after Brexit  
Brexit supporter vows to “never vote again” because of the way the Government is handling negotiations with the EU  
What a Legacy these two silly sausages left, £1.8tn of debt and #brexit God help, as they disapear without being held to account #votetory 
Labour's Brexit policy is now, for all intents and purposes, indistinguishable from Theresa May's.  
#Catalonia to hold indpendence referendum even if ruled illegal by #Madrid  
The Brexit motto of 'taking back control' has become Liam Fox going to America to agree to whatever it is Team Trump wants the UK to do 
James O'Brien made the final. Deserves to win. A lone strong and sane voice against Brexit. VOTE @mrjamesob and RT. 
Brexit is for the rich, of course he didn't. 
The EU has prevented Hitler style takeovers of democracy and ensured peace. Hitler used referendums as a way to deny democracy, like brexit. 
Do you write to @BorisJohnson and his band of con artists for the same thing regarding the £350m/week to the NHS brexit lie? 
The leader of the Welsh Tories gets to the very heart of our coming Brexit food security crisis. THIS is his best argument in response.  
You don't need to be a #Catalan separatist to support the referendum on self-determination   vía @collectiuemma 
"an exit from Brexit is no longer an option" says @EuroBriefing 
The cabinet agrees that if Brexit goes ahead there will be a transitional deal of at least at 2 years. UK-US trade deal is pie in the sky  
Reality bites: the Brexit negotiations seen from the other side of the Channel by Fabian Zuleeg  
In medical terms, Brexit is like opting for chemotherapy because a homeopath has told you that you’ve got piles. 
Deutsche Bank says it may move €300 billion from London to Frankfurt because of Brexit  
Mr Campbell. Labour is now a Brexit Party. New Brexit, New Labour!  
In Britain, a softer Brexit is beginning to seem inevitable  
WATCH: Italian mayor says that his town has been INVADED due to migrant crisis  via @Your Brexit 
Why are some Brits turning their noses up at US meat?  #Brexit  
Is this the #brexit banking exodus Theresa May told us couldn’t happen? #brexodus 
Left should stop pretending Norway option is good. It would be a lousy deal. History will sweep Brexit away, and Labour must wake up now 
Chris Patten: "I’m not bloody well going to get over it. I think that [Brexit is] the worst thing politically that’s happened to Britain..."  
In the Scottish referendum, No accused Yes of being inward looking nationalists. Now, both Labour and Tories will end freedom of movement. 
The Guardian view on the single market: a viable Brexit path | Editorial  
This is alarming. Scotland's  #food industry & growing global reputation would pay high price for Tory hard #Brexit.  
There would be large scale anger if the Brexit referendum result was reversed, says @Nigel_Farage  #FarageOnLBC 
NEWS! French kissing to be renamed ‘tongue jousting’ after Brexit  
New Liberal Democrat leader Vince Cable will offer voters the chance to "exit from Brexit" at the end of...  
Yet another poll shows that border controls are top priority for voters in Brexit talks. Ignore establishment spin! 
Caller feels so let down by how Brexit is being handled, he tells Nigel Farage: “I’ll never vote again”  #FarageOnLBC 
#FarageonLBC #FarageatLBCTories are allowing EU to walk all over us over #Brexit negotiationsWe need to fight against this Tory sell-out 
People's Brexit. Like an Animal's Abattoir.Cow:"But I still end up dying, right?"Human:"Yes, but we'll pretend it's beneficial for you!"  
Jeremy Corbyn is Against》EU》Single Market》Freedom of Movement》Immigration》European Court of JusticeBut he's FOR a racist hard Brexit 
Brexiters 2016: Brexit will ensure paradise for all BritsBrexiters 2017: Eat your chlorine chicken and shut the fuck up 
"The Referendum result delivers a democratic imperative but it also creates a democratic deficit."  
I want an exit from Brexit - I want a new progressive pro-EU alliance which brings together great people from across the political spectrum.  
in 1933, Hitler had a referendum to w/draw Germany from League of Nations. It was passed...we know the consequences.. 
Young people are more worried about Brexit. Young people are more worried about Brexit. Young people are more worried about Brexit. Young pe  
Brexit means leaving the single market and the customs union. Here’s why | Barry Gardiner  
I see we've got to the 'actually, ingesting chlorine is good for you' stage of brexit. 
This is dreadful - Labour now has the same immigration policy as UKIP and a harder Brexit policy than the Tories  
#CatalansWant2Vote 50 personalities have signed the manifesto in 2017 to claim a #referendum in #Catalonia  @omnium 
What could be more Brexit than chlorination chicken? 
I think a few people are going to be gutted when they find out you can't join Comecon & the Warsaw Pact after Brexit, as they folded w USSR. 
Dunkirk and Brexit. Only one was a colossal disaster. But it could have been even worse.  
Thanks to #Brexit we now have a new word "shrinkflation". ONS: More than 2,500 products subject to shrinkflation 
In #GE17 @UKIP stood down for lots #Brexit Tory Candidates but not ONE Tory stood down in #UKIP target seatWho negotiated that?@AMDWaters 
Access NOT membership #Brexit bias @georgeaton 
The hilarious satirical advert for ‘Brexit Chicken’, will put you off Liam Fox’s recipe for trade  @dontbrexitfixit 
Any Harm On #NnamdiKanu Is Harm On 70M BiafraIt Is Our Right To Vote Through #ReferendumWhether To Stay Or Leave  
Imagine what a difference it would have made if that notorious red bus had promised "Vote Leave and get chlorinated chicken". #Brexit #Fox 
If anyone knows how to stop Brexit, could they DM me pls? 
"As result of Brexit vote & the economic uncertainty it unleashed, Britain is fast becoming the sick man of Europe" 
Having that fence in your goolies must be getting painful. Just get off it, and say categorically "No Brexit is best for Britain." 
'Don't they understand? We're LEAVING' @LiamFox destroys Remainer dream of 'THWARTING' Brexit  
83% in our poll say that they would adopt Euro as UK currency to stay in the EU #StopBrexit #Brexit #Mcr4EU 
There is no difference between a hard and a soft brexit if you lose your job. 
Michael Gove asked Masterchef judge Jay Rayner for advice on food policy and got absolutely roasted over Brexit  
Blair scores MASSIVE OWN GOAL as his own poll shows BRITS WANT BREXIT  via @Your Brexit 
.@LiamFox:Remainers who hope something will thwart Brexit are "dreaming"Prefer our dream to your Brexit nightmare. 
This country is rotten to the core! God help Britain's after Brexit. No care system, No NHS, No safe food. No currency with a value. No hope  
The Labour party (who I have always voted for) do not represent me on Brexit, it also trashes my future plans for retirement, devastating 
People think of Corbyn as a socialist, but on NATO, Ukraine, Syria & #Brexit Corbyn is much closer to the Putin & the far-right. 
Brexit to push up cost of bangers as UK wholesale meat prices soar  
So if Corbyn's pro trident, pro union & pro Brexit, will keep benefit cap, what's the difference between him & May? Bamboozled of Scotland. 
Cracks show for Labour as party fails to grasp anti-Brexit feeling of members #StopBrexit #ExitFromBrexit  
I want an exit from Brexit  
The 'Transition Period' began when Article 50 was invoked. It ends March 2019 on Brexit.Any extension is a betrayal of the British people. 
Only Labour can stop Brexit. Only Labour can stop Brexit. You get the point  
Net annual cost of EU membership £8.5bn per year. Government borrowing for #Brexit already estimated by OBR to be circa £15bn per year.  
The USA concluded and put into force a bilateral free trade deal w/ Australia in two years.But our firms can't prepare for Brexit in two? 
THIS is one of the main reasons why the UK cannot and should not propose or agree to a post-Brexit 'Transition Period'. Totally untenable.  
Omg irony meter has exploded!Labour are complaining that Lib Dems are criticising them for supporting the Tories on Brexit! Poor dears! 
Sorry, did I say Brexit would destroy workers' rights, I meant Remain.  
Is it me, or are the same people arguing the Brexit result must be respected the same people demanding the election result is overturned? 
Brexit to push up cost of bangers as UK wholesale meat prices soar  
Brexit talks fail just hours after Liam Fox boasts they should be "one of the easiest in human history"  
Was just reminded of this. My 'How comedy stars of yore would have voted in Brexit' painting. Still standing the test of time I think  
"Brexit increasingly looks like a decision to demolish a house only then to spend millions of pounds rebuilding it"  
Hello brexit voting farmers, how'd you like your new post brexit competition.  
Midterms are usually more about a referendum on the president than a pick between two parties, via @FiveThirtyEight 
GREAT NEWS FOR FARMERS... Defra @DefraGovUK sec Michael Gove has just guaranteed FREE TRADE deal with #EU after #Brexit #royalwelshshow 
Listening to @lbc discussion on US trade deal & food standards. Most callers don't give a F. So desperate for Brexit they'll eat anything.  
Why doesn't Ryanair piss off and take their overrated airline over to Europe or where they come from Ireland and let the UK get with Brexit. 
The British People don't want to hear any more shit about 'pragmatic' Brexit bolloclks. Just leave that fucking EU cult and get on with it. pic.twitter.com/I63ephjw72 
Deutsche Bank details how trade may be moved from London as it prepares for worst on Brexit  
FOX: Brexit Britain will be 'truly global' as country embraces 'wider horizons'.   
Brexit is dying - don't worry about how we finish it off  via @tony_nog 
People are forgetting that Jeremy Corbyn and @UKLabour will NOT support Brexit unless it passes our six key tests.  
Disgraced Defence Minister Liam Fox explains that Brexit means GM food & Chlorine washed chicken. £350 million a week for NHS?...Go whistle! 
Bang on. Compliance with EU rules will be order of the day but without any say over content. Forget 'Brussels Effect" this is Brexit Effect.  
Chlorine-washed chicken (which UK might take under a post-Brexit trade deal with the US) is not about chlorinated chicken. It’s about power. 
Sign this petition if you believe that a second referendum should be held to make sure of the 'will of the people' now more facts are known  
Only labour support a Tory right wing hard Brexit. You going to challenge that Owen lad? 
Ryanair says it may have to move its entire UK fleet out of the country if it doesn't get clarity on Brexit  
Liam Fox mocks concerns about chlorine-soaked chickens in Britain after Brexit  
Smh  always pinning us against each other...why can't we just enjoy tv with out a referendum on black lives 
If both main Westminster parties are wholeheartedly behind Brexit, the least they should do is give Scotland another independence referendum 
Pleased to exchange views with Dr. Petrosyan from #Yerevan University on political developments, #Armenia-#Kurdistan relations & #Referendum  
It is time the Brexiteers admitted that Brexit isn't going to plan, unless the plan was to damage the economy. It's time to #StopBrexit 
Being against Brexit and backing Corbyn is like being against Scottish independence and backing the SNP. 
#Brexit @LiamFox is in the US to talk about a trade deal. I thought Pres Obama said we would be at the back of the queue 
What changed, @jeremycorbyn? Why are you ignoring the overwhelming majoity of your members on Brexit? 
Corbyn is for hard Brexit, so he is officially for his party's few, not its many  
2) "Wait for conference","Corbyn's just one man","He'll listen to reason"Can we please now just all agree that Corbyn wants hard brexit 
Brexit: IMF downgrades UK forecasts. It can see the iceberg coming even if much of the Government can't. Or won't  
1) So many Labour supporters, commentators, even peers told me over the last 3 months:"Wait and see", "Jeremy wants soft brexit",  
Jan 2017: "sheer number of jobs at risk" & "economic cost" of Customs Union withdrawal "ignored"Guess who? Life in Brexit comes at you fast 
Midterms are usually more about a referendum on the president than a choice between the two parties.  
A post-Brexit US-UK trade deal? Here in the States, we want nothing less.  
A country that can evacuate 300,000 soldiers by 700 little ships led by volunteer civilians & navy can survive #Brexit & thrive. #Dunkirk 
SUICIDE SQUAD: 173 ISIS bombers ‘trained and ready to strike Europe’, says Interpol report 
Why do European farmers fear Brexit? Read more at  via the #EUDataNewsHub, delivered by @AFP, @dpa and @Agenzia_Ansa 
I simply can NOT believe my ears ! The air we breath the food we eat our very lives are being derailed by the day you #brexit fools !  
Great meeting with @michaelgove talking about nature laws post-Brexit and #WildlifeFriendly farming @royalwelshshow. 
"Fox admits UK unlikely to finalise free trade deal with EU before Brexit" (a knowable fact since June 23 2016)  
Hey @OwenJones84 that's just what we Remainers think about the #Brexit referendum which you want to be irreversible  
WATCH | The great @StefanMolyneux exposes the "soft Brexit" con. We have to keep fighting for a clean break from the corrupt European Union!  
Find everything you need to know about #Brexit with our updated reading list:  
Looking at it from over here in Germany, the very fabric of British society seems to be fraying badly thanks to #Brexit. Tragic. 
Interesting discussions on #environment post #Brexit with @michaelgove @DefraGovUK #GreenBrexit @WildlifeTrusts 
Liam Fox​ writes to @BBC​ Director General Tony Hall about #Brexit bias saying they're 'wilfully ignoring' positive stories.  
Liam Fox's views on turning the BBC into a #Brexit mouthpiece are as disturbing as those of Andrea Leadsom's and must be called out.  
Ah our best hope after Brexit; chlorinated chicken.  
As Corbyn’s position on the single market crystallises, his support, come the next election, will shrink. His #Brexit fudge bites back 
TTIP represents the greatest loss of sovereignty imaginable  - I have real trouble understanding how the #Brexit crowd can support it. 
Janan Ganesh: Brexit is the child of complacency, not pain  
Anti #Brexit @IMFNews has downgraded UK to 1.7%. Meanwhile: Germany (1.8%), France (1.5%), Italy (1.3%). #DespiteBrexit 
That's why our sovereignty is exactly that, and it's paramount. Anything less is shameful servitude. Full #Brexit  
It's worth whispering into the Twitter vortex that while 36% are confident May will get a good #Brexit deal, figure for Corbyn is 29% -Ipsos 
Theresa May refuses to rule out weakening food standards to make trade deal after Brexit with US  
The only sensible option is we let everyone get on with negotiating Brexit, and then have a second confirmation referendum on the deal 
The #Brussels Greater Area is the ideal place for the relocation of the #EMA #Brexit #EU #EuropeanMedicinesAgency 
Corbyn finally admits that Free Movement and mass migration "destroys conditions" for British workers. #Brexit  
Labour’s Brexit divisions have become apparent once again >>  
British officials are touring the world to line up trade deals after Brexit  
1/2 new - 81% of Brits say "important" for gvt to achieve "full control over immigration policy" in Brexit talks  
Liam Fox: It wld be nice to think we can get full free trade agreement with EU by the end of March 2019 but that would be optimistic #Brexit 
POLL: Controlling immigration remains number one Brexit priority for the British public.  
3. S. 328 itself was given a protective mechanism which means it can't be amended unless it's passed by a referendum. Pretty robust.  
Unrepentant Brexit voters know as much about economics as those threatening Great Ormond Street staff know about neurology. #IMF 
Brexit: Theresa May refuses to rule out weakening of food standards in trade deal with US  
We were supposed to get 350 million for the NHS, not Brexit food full of poison and piss. 
British industry at last being asked about Brexit, and in every interview (excepting Tim Martin) pragmatism triumphs over ideology #wato 
ignore the #brexit naysayers, they're not on your sideBrexit can be stopped, lets not worry about "how" right now 
Forget OJ's principled Brexit strop - his greatest achievement is his refusal to condemn anti-Semitic hate rallies: 
Acting @UKIP Leader"UKIP will be in background while the Gov is delivering the clean Brexit"Tories selling us out and #UKIP are mute#Why? 
ASTONISHING !GOVE *flies a kite* on Agricultural Subsidies post #BrexitHe has singularly FAILED to consult with either Scotland or Wales 
The longer failed prime minister @theresa_may stays at No 10 the more seats Tories will lose & more chance of Brexit not happening 
.@theresa_may's 3 week summer holiday ‘will cost £700 more because of Brexit’  
1. Vote for this Great Thing!2. That Great Thing is not real.3. Have this Terrible Thing instead.4. Which you voted for.That's Brexit. 
Ha ha ha ha, what a fucking hypocrite Fox is. Brexit is the ultimate stupid, ideologically driven, prosperity removing, avoidable disaster.  
Liam Fox telling #wato there may be talks with US on "further liberalisation of service sector". This, surely, is what brexit about for him. 
'The EU is potentially BROKE' Tory MEP @DCBMEP hits out at bloc over 'nonsensical' Brexit bill  
If people knew what they were voting for,how come the government still does not know what it wants? #Brexit 
UK-US prepare for £40 billion trade deal And they said Brexit would hurt UK's economy. 
One viewpoint: The current disarray points to disaster for Brexit  
This is the shape of things to come with #brexit-poisoned food, poisoned air, a poisoned society & more wealth to the 1%.  
Shrinkflation: 13 food products that have got smaller since Brexit  
I hope Corbyn unseats the Tory PM, but a Labour government that backs Brexit and Trident isn't a case for keeping the United Kingdom at all. 
Scotland already has most of Corbyn's good ideas, with the added advantage that our government doesn't support Brexit or nuclear weapons. 
The Liam Fox Brexit menu  
If anyone in England's annoyed by Corbyn's Brexit stance, they can always jump up to Scotland, help us win independence and remain in the EU 
Now online! @Harry_Styles interview about #Dunkirk and living in a post-Brexit world...  
Support for single market membership at highest level since the EU referendum (49% to 41% for immigration control).  
Some Corbynistas seem to think @UKLabour is a private club which non-members mustn't comment on.What conceited little trolls.#Brexit 
Brexit was about reassuring sovereignty but we'll throw that out of the window and accept everyone else's standards for a trade deal? 
Putting the 10s of billions to be wasted on #Brexit into education and training would help millions take control of their lives. #Remain 
The problem with FOM was that WE chose NOT to impose the strict EU rules!! NOT the lack of EU rules! See below! #brexit and press is racist  
Very strong bid from Milan to host the European Medicine Agency (EMA) after Brexit  
Can all those Brexit supporting, single Market leaving, proponents of the Union explain their position again to me please. Thanks  
If u are a farmer in the North dependent on EU funding u would b very concerned about the Tories making the shortfall after Brexit  
Theresa May refuses to rule out weakening food standards to make trade deal after Brexit with US  
.@DrGerardLyons ripped into Oxford professor over Brexit, insisting “Project Fear” would “continue to be wrong”  
Chlorinated chicken really is the perfect metaphor for Brexit - a dangerous idea championed by people who won't feel the consequences. 
Politicians know this, but Brexit has now attained 'Death Cult' status - no one in parliament dares to oppose it despite imminent disaster  
More evidence there is life after # Brexit. The world will be the UK's oyster once we leave the failing EU  
Patriotic case for staying in EU becomes stronger closer we get to Brexit abyss  
A children’s author has come up with the best Remainer response to #Brexit >>  
Brexit will be the great environmental disaster, says @janemerrick23 >>  
And that's what apologists for Corbyn's hard-Brexit position are condoning, after opposing the xenophobia of the Leave campaign. 16/ 
New @IpsosMORI poll shows highest support for Single Market membership over a job-destroying Brexit since the EU Ref  
Best video ever. A clear Tory, Brexit voter trying to citizens arrest an 11 year old hahahahahaha   
Latest IMF figures show UK had the "slowest growth of any advanced economy in the world" in Q1 2017.Obviously another benefit of Brexit. 
'You're a shambles, Merkel!' German leader warned 750,000 jobs on line over Brexit stance  
Expect a ‘double whammy’ after Brexit with inflation, labour shortages and tariffs set to hit home  #shrinkflation 
Chris Patten on Brexit.  
Ryanair has warned that Brexit could cause it to cancel flights  
Brexit: ‘Ideological crap about sovereignty and taking back control’ - Chris Patten  
Maybe he's doing it because massive constitutional change based on a wafer thin majority in an advisory referendum in NOT democracy.  
In one sentence, Andrea Leadsom (accidentally?) sums up the hard choices Brexit entails  
Chlorine chicken wasn't on the menu last June. Fight against a hard Brexit that rips us out of the SM. Please RT:  pic.twitter.com/GBVbkuU4KB 
BBC 'wilfully ignored' positive Brexit news: Liam Fox demands urgent talk with Beeb bosses  
Yes, Jeremy. And effects of Brexit mean their pay is now worth even less. So why, if you're a man of the people, aren't you fighting Brexit? 
.@heidi_mp – IMF growth downgrade shows dangers of hard, destructive Brexit  
For the first time since the referendum, the British Prime Minister has written to us, @The3Million and @BritishInEurope #citizensrights 
#Brexit-pocalypse Update: Japanese investment in UK at record levels; Foreign Sec anticipates "fantastic" trade deal  
Just one more reason why Scotland needs a seat at the Brexit negotiating table.via @ScotNational 
Trafodaeth #Brexit discussion @NFUCymru @royalwelshshow 'Agriculture will be one of the last matters dealt with in any new EU trade deal' 
"I hear you love Brexit now"  
It looks by the popular vote, she won the referendum. You and Schumer are wrong! 
The worst thing about Brexit - apart from the prospect of even greater misery for poor - is we are seen by the rest of world as total idiots 
Excellent @TheEconomist  piece on Britain's nervousbreakdownLeaving the European Union: Britain faces up to Brexit  
#Brexit: IMF downgrades UK's economic growth forecast -  the slowest-growing advanced economy in the world  #EU 
I literally have no idea what Labour's position is on Brexit, single market, customs union, freedom of movement etc. Creative ambiguity? 
There will never be a "good time" for Kurdish referendum. US attempts should focus on September 26, and how to move on  
Watch @LeaveMnsLeave board member @DCBMEP talk about one of the many benefits of Brexit - a US-UK trade deal on @SkyNews 
'FREE Poland' Thousands flock to streets as Poland tussles with EU over court controlFreedom = Leaving EU#Brexit 
KRG not giving into US influence to postpone independence referendum, says @FalahMustafa 
IMF downgrades UK growth forecast from 2.0% to 1.7% #Brexit #StopBrexit 
Jacob Rees-Mogg EXCLUSIVE: Us Tories need to explain how we WILL deliver Brexit  
Retweeted James Melville (@JamesMelville):#Brexit in a supermarket.  
Brexiters say that they want democracy back. Yet, they appear to be terrified of democracy. They hate the idea of a vote on a #Brexit deal. 
Theresa May's spokesman just refused to rule out accepting chlorine-soaked chicken as part of US Brexit trade deal.  
'Project Fear is WRONG' Fuming economist fires at Oxford academic in HUGE row over Brexit  
As someone who has been involved with UK manufacturing for over 25 years - leaving the Customs Union will be a disaster for the UK. #Brexit 
Bold & Brazen Brexit Britain needs a Brexiteer & Brexit hero to lead global independent Brexit Britain. #MBGA #MOGGMENTUM #MOGG4PM 
Taking stock of social & #citizensrights with @etuc_ces after 1st week of #brexit negotiations @VisentiniLuca @EstherLynchs 
BBC has 'wilfully ignored' positive news on Brexit, Liam Fox says   
Brexit is a selfish betrayal of our kids wider aspirations. It will take away their opportunity to live, work or study in the EU. #Brexit 
A response to @OwenJones84 response on #Brexit positionSorry, but the arguments just don't stack up 
Amb.Terracciano: "@ItalyinUK stands ready to support #Milan’s candidacy to host #EMA after #Brexit"  
"..that you don't make the case. It means you make it twice as hard" is breath taking hypocrisy- remember "no 2nd referendum" hysteria? 2/2 
#Brexit in a supermarket. 
It comes from the fact that they are: leaving Single Market = hard Brexit.  
The OBR has already factored in £15bn of extra #Brexit spending per year, nearly double our annual net contribution to the EU.#StopBrexit 
The evidence is that immigration boosts productivity. #Remain #StopBrexit #Brexit #ExitBrexit 
Taking Brexit off the table should be @UKLabour position if you're serious about protecting the vulnerable 
Taking Single Market and Customs Union membership off the table in the Brexit talks is the Tory position, it should not be Labour's 
sobering comparison beteeen the summer of the Olympics and Brexit Britain  
We need clear red water between @UKLabour's position on Brexit, and that of UKIP and the Tories. It's what our members & supporters expect. 
Newsflash: Things it is possible to be a) Educated *&* a Conservative b) Educated *&* a supporter of Brexit c) Educated *&* not anti-British 
Corbynites telling people they should go and join the Tories, while themselves blindly backing hard Brexit and tighter immigration. 
* @JeremyCorbyn - adding a  little dose of mean and xenophobic nationalism to socialism.  #Brexit #Remain #StopBrexit #ExitBrexit 
Hands up all the Tory Scottish brexit voting chicken farmers .... Good news is tho...I hear the Yanks are partial to a neap ha ha ha ha  
That's Aleks away on the third day of her #BorderRun. She's due in #Garrison at 1.30pm so keep an eye out for her & cheer her on!  #Brexit  
Please don't remind @OwenJones84 of this now he champions @jeremycorbyn's Farage-inspired immigration-based Hard #Brexit.  
Corbyn is for hard Brexit, so he is officially for his party's few, not its many  
Children’s rights discussed in UK Parliament session on #Brexit #Brexitchildren #childrights  
Where does this leave labour rebels? Endorse corbyn #Brexit coalition with #TheresaMay  or quit? 
2865 Britons took German citizenship last year, an increase of 361 percent on year earlier. Fleeing the madness of #Brexit. #EU citizenship 
Liam Fox demands meeting with BBC after he accuses them of Brexit bias  
Crash outselling Splatoon 2 in its third week is Peak Brexit. 
Anthony @Scaramucci, Donald Trump's New Communications Director, Thinks Brexit Is A Really Bad Idea  
Why did the chicken cross the Atlantic? Because the UK was no longer bound by EU rules   #Brexit 
Brexit: the day will come when the clock stops ticking, says @davidallengreen  
3) I said I feared a Brexit would end E111 for pensioners like him & all other UK citizens living in Spain and he said that was fake news... 
Brexit is a sinking ship. Gov't must throw its toxic ideology overboard and push for Single Market access. We are entering choppy waters.  
Rule-maker or rule-taker: Britain's Brexit dilemma in a sentence, courtesy of Andrea Leadsom  
If Brexit happens it'll be disastrous, but to leave the single market would be like shooting ourselves in the head as we leap off the cliff. 
Ryanair warns Brexit may lead to flight cancellations  
BREAKING: UK Government makes FORMAL COMPLAINT to BBC over biased Brexit coverageAbout time! 
I'll say again. UKGov will be so desperate for the "first Brexit trade deal" that they'll agree to almost anything for nothing in return.  
This still seems relevant a year on ...What does Brexit mean?#WorstDictionaryDefinitions 
Real "Brexit balance" challenge for BBC is having to pretend Liam Fox knows what he's talking about when he doesn't  
"I was a Remainer, but Juncker's reaction to our referendum result changed my mind". Via @BrexitCentral. 
Labour's Trade Secretary says UK in Customs Union would be 'a disaster'. Brexit must mean leaving single market too!  
Everybody knows this is happening.It's cruel/wrong to lead people to believe  the nation is experiencing an upside re: #Brexit risks.#IMF 
Brexit Britain could be forced to accept chlorinated chicken and lactic acid-sprayed pork as part of US trade deal.  
Looks like #Labour going full-on Ultra Brexit here. Very revealing in both its assumptions and terminology.  
Yet another great read this morning on the EU referendum & why it's not just about accepting it. Excellent from @JolyonMaugham 
Only #JacobReesMogg seems clear that "transition" years of continued free movement from the EU post Brexit is utterly unacceptable. 
Real reason for brexitEU will clamp down on tax havens from May 2019#StopBrexit #ExitBrexit @BrexitBin 
"What was it about seeking to become a Tory MP that first attracted you to Brexit?"  via @BrexitCentral 
Trade Secretary reportedly open to importing chlorine-washed chickens in order to secure post-Brexit trade deal  
Brexit is like when Homer got his arm stuck in the vending machine, but instead of letting go of the can we're going to saw our arm off. 
WATCH: US-UK trade deal won't make up for the losses from leaving the Single Market in hard Brexit outcome - Pls RT so everybody knows:  
In 1945 Labour rejected Churchills offer of referendum. Attlee claimed they were only used by demagogues & dictators  
If Brexit was a drug it would be ketamine, say experts    
Vow broken. EVEL. All amendments to Scotland bill blocked. Brexit despite Scotland’s Remain. FM blocked by no.10. ‘Emotional case’ all that.  
On behalf of g/f, it's goodbye & good luck to Brexit Britain #noturningback #movingday     
// CAPITAL // A sitcom about a referendum that brings back capital punishment with a 51% majority. Episode 1 out now  
Great news that @LiamFox is in the US to discuss a trade deal for Brexit Britain. Go for it!  
In 10 hours, the cross-UK route allows Irish traders to reach EU markets — with Brexit, it could take 3 times longer  
#Brexit is costing some people more than others, but this study says average cost per #British adult is $33,000 !! 
'Leaving EU in name ONLY' Farage warns Brexit will see Brussels rule courts AND borders  
UK left argue whether Brexit will deliver a more progressive UK often ignoring fact UK social mobility is EUs lowest  
Meanwhile, US health providers are greedily rubbing their hands at the prospect of a Brexit-broken NHS no longer protected by the EU  
Red, Blue, Green...The final destination for our rainbow colours of Brexit is going to be a Black and Blue Brexit. Time to #StopBrexit 
Ryanair's Michael O'Leary - you have to love his Irish blarney - profits +55% thanks to agreat Easter - still moaning/growning about BREXIT 
"Brexit would almost certainly negate Corbyn's plans to counteract the travails of austerity."  
with Liam Fox and his chlorine chickens in the news, a timely guest blog  from @vickihird. #Brexit #food #farming 
Superb POLITICO research: problems to face Irish exporters using the UK land-bridge to access EU markets post-Brexit  
Brexit's Gerard Lyons must know he misrepresents Remain warnings on R4 Today, but he sounds more like zealot than economist. What's he on? 
Well researched and in-depth analysis of Ireland's Brexit dilemma. Not pretty reading.  
Eurozone economies, incl. Greek economy strengthening: UK economy weakening since Brexit vote. Where are the Twitter trolls now? 
Annoyed #Labour supporters tell me "#Brexit is #Tory matter; nothing to do with Labour"; utter failure to recognise #Corbyn is enabling #May 
NEW: Customs union membership after Brexit 'a disaster' - Shadow Trade Secretary  
 #Europe’s top private #banks boost #UK operations, @FT#brexit #fintech #defstar5 #makeyourownlane #Mpgvip 
'Britain is fast becoming the sick man of Europe' – experts debate Brexit data  
Post @Brexit farming: 'disaster for the farmers who compromise a little on productivity in order to nurture the environment' @guardian 
Had one of those the other day. When asked about Brexit problems he said that's for 'you clever people to sort out'.  
The extraordinary lengths that Labour is going to defend their position in support of a Tory hard Brexit.  
Nah. If Labour also intend to force-fed us with Brexit, I'll go for the Lib Dems. 
'Britain is fast becoming the sick man of Europe' – experts debate Brexit data  
Barnett Formula To Be Abandoned After Brexit - Little Englander Politicians in Scotland Ecstatic At …  via @twowittwo 
Just one example of what we would have to agree to for a post #Brexit trade deal with the USA. Such imports are banned by the EU.  
Opportunity for @BBCScotlandNews and #bbcgms to 'grill' Ruth Davidson about Tory government mismanagement of UK economy and brexit, no?  
Your periodic reminder that a vote for Labour is a vote for Brexit  
-Sterling falls-Inflation goes on-And yet trade gap widens This is #Brexit 
One of the first post Brexit trade negotiations is about importing bleached American chickens. Rule Brittania 
Good to hear @fmwales stating so clearly on @BBCr4today importance for jobs & prosperity of staying in Single Market, should #Brexit happen. 
Macron's honeymoon OVER: French leader in POLL SLUMP as he faces huge backlash over cuts 
Corbyn is for hard Brexit, so he is officially for his party's few, not its many  
Unfair to say May and Corbyn have the same views about Brexit. May believes in Hard Brexit out of expedience, Corbyn out of conviction. 
Very powerful thread by the excellent @eddiemarsan demolishing @OwenJones84 over Brexit. Starts here.  
Cheaper food was a marquee promise of the Brexit camp — yet they are incapable of delivering even this — without destroying British farming.  
A true democrat would want as informed an electorate as possible. A true democrat would call for a 2nd referendum on the deal. (13) 
Be brave and stop pretending Brexit will be ok. Start saying what you know to be true - for the sake of UK #stopBrexit #MondayMotivation 
Brexit: IMF downgrades UK's economic growth forecast following weaker-than-expected performance  
When Brexit gets tough, enter Will, Kate, and the kids  
Congratulations to all my followers who are Brexit/Trump supporters!   
In your article you fail to acknowledge that the Brexit people voted for wasn't the hard Brexit being pushed through by Corbyn & May. (4) 
German free market forces warn against EU militancy on Brexit #Premium 
Are some Brexiter politicians ignorant or are they lying?  #Brexit 
Germany’s financial capital is emerging as the front-runner to host bankers relocating from London after Brexit  
.@Le_Figaro dedicates its frontpage and editorial to Catalonia, just 70 days before the referendum on independence.  
Brexit economy: sterling fall hits public finances and fails to boost trade  
In summary 'Jez likes Brexit so I am going to have to post rationalise my switch in opinion if I want a career as Labour's favourite hack' 
*The Brexit supporting Sun doesn't like Brexit*  
Brexit doesn't worry private banks: UBS, Credit Suisse, Pictet and SocGen all plan to boost UK operations  via @FT 
Corbyn has a position on Brexit.It's the one Farage Le Pen Gove Trump and Putin hold.  
Brexit: ‘Ideological crap about sovereignty and taking back control’  via @IrishTimesLife 
Several of Europe’s top private banks are shrugging off uncertainty over Brexit  
#Brexit uncertainty strikes Bristol's vaunted high-tech sector  
"The Uluru Statement and the Referendum Council report present a clear and achievable pathway for change"  
UK and US to start talks on post-Brexit trade deal  
Tory minister accused of behaving like 'tinpot dictator' with claims BBC 'wilfully ignores' positive Brexit news  
The six flavours of Brexit  
I disagree that EU27 would refuse an exit from Brexit right now, but the point that they would will come quickly. Action needed now!  
Next time your arguing with a brexally leavetarded quitler get out your  game card and play #BREXIT BINGO  
Precise and to the point ☞ Brexit: ‘Ideological crap about sovereignty and taking back control’  
"Brexit driven by a cabal of ideologues happy to trot out falsehoods about the sunny uplands of economic joy leaving the EU would bring." 
Amazing demonstration in Warsaw. This in Britain would stop Brexit. Ours is also an attack on democracy. Brits just don't get it somehow.  
Brexit is devastating GBs tax base. The financial services industry pays £60bn per year in UK tax.  
.Oooh! Is Irish-America finally WAKING-UP to the damage of Brexit on peace in Ireland?. 
."Britain - the SLOWEST growing major economy on the ENTIRE planet.And that, folks, is what Brexit is ALL about." 
I think you'll find @patrickharvie & other @scotgp support giving Scottish people a vote on it. You know, like one you want for 2nd Brexit? 
"Labour could soon face an internal war as Corbyn pursues Brexit policies at odds with what members want".  
I'm sure it's no accidental. We in Britain are discovering many Mercer/Flynn/Bannon/Putin links to the strange Brexit vote 
As the reality of Brexit hits in, the case for Remain grows stronger and stronger. Brexit was doomed to fail from the beginning. #StopBrexit 
Labour should put clear red water between itself and the Tories. Not follow them into an anti single market anti Customs Union Hard Brexit  
Me, my parents, grandparents, whole family: Labour.Brexit goes against everything fundamental to us: Rich get richer. Poor get poorer.  
When reading Remoaner rants, always replace the word Brexit with the word democracy.  
I am against #Brexit and for it. This is the honest straightforwaddary politics I bumshuffled when deluding my most clarity. 
You'd think the bleedin' obvious wouldn't need saying: it's not the rich, the powerful, the "elites" who'll suffer from Brexit. #StopBrexit 
David Davis in the latest round of Brexit negotiations  
Meet David "Baldrick" Davies, the man with the cunning Brexit plan that wasn't quite thought through  
Dwindling tax revenues will more than wipe out our EU contribution. There is no Brexit dividend. The Brexit Bus was always a lie. #SkyPapers 
Don't forget this the next time somebody tells you there's a non-xenophobic reason for Brexit.  
Cable: We need an EXIT from Brexit  
Apart from the US, where Trump promoted Brexit, the rest of world wonders why we've given up a privileged position.  
Germany warned: Punishing Brexit Britain will have terrible consequences  
I don't care however many 'remainers' accept Brexit I'll never accept national suicide. Where there's life there is hope. 
"I didn't agree with Anschluss but now it has happened I back Anschluss." Don't be that person - sing Edelweiss instead @OwenJones84 #Brexit  
What millennials thought Corbyn's stance on Brexit was vs. What Corbyn's stance on Brexit actually is.  
Don’t listen to the Brexit fatalists  
Tory minister accused of behaving like 'tinpot dictator' with claims BBC 'wilfully ignores' positive Brexit news  
Hey Scotland Tories & Labour both support a hard #Brexit & this is one of the consequences. Only @theSNP represent our country! 
I will not go quietly into the night and when the actual #Brexit deal is clear with all its implications - Britain must have a final say. 
Poldark recap: series three, episode seven – Ross should negotiate Brexit  
Tony Benn territory too; for him, like me, Brexit is about democracy  
There's about seven people who will benefit from Brexit, & they're all already billionaires. 
Good thread on why MPs resisting disastrous Brexit *is* democratic  
So after a day of more evidence that Corbyn is quite possibly worse than May on Brexit (yes, I mean that), I am Baby Groot.  
Nigel Farage blasts government for ‘Transitional deal’ with EU  via @Your Brexit 
Patriotic case for remaining in EU becomes stronger the closer we get to abyss of #Brexit, says @Kevin_Maguire: 
As a Labour party member , I find it so depressing how the leadership have embraced Brexit,& insist on leaving the single market . 
YES THAT IS THE POINT THAT'S WHY WE MUST NOT BREXIT YOU BLOODY CAKE  
Patriotic case for staying in EU becomes stronger closer we get to Brexit abyss, says @Kevin_Maguire 
Hey you know what might "cause..permanent damage to trust in democracy"? Running a ref on lies then twisting it into this extreme Brexit. 
3. special duty to their constituents". MPs are democractically elected to carry out that duty. As it becomes clearer that hard brexit... 
"describing the ref as advisory...languishes...between pedantry & sophistry. Any British referendum is...advisory" ty for clearing that up  
1. You also claim that being a democrat means we must leave the EU at all costs because of the referendum result. That makes no sense. 
Look, Owen Jones has campaigned against xenophobia etc but now he wants you to shut up and accept Brexit because Labour might win!  
We could have a settlement like Norway's. It would be Brexit. That is what the sentence means. 
Tomorrow @ScotNational  £9m Brexit shockwave: Warning that renewables industry risks losing multi-million-pound European tidal research cash  
Liam Fox demands meeting with BBC over 'negative' Brexit stories  AH! LIAM FOX  - DISGRACED FORMER DEFENCE SECRETARY 
England's really gone off the deep end since Brexit.  
A divided UK political system faced with no good options may not be capable of taking Brexit decisions. My latest  
That's palpable rubbish. Norway isn't hard Brexit. 
Owen, this is straw man stuff. You avoid discussing either the single market, or the hard Brexit that the party you support now proposes. 
I have lots of issues with this, but the most important by far are regarding the advisory nature of the referendum 1/ 
Corbyn's Brexit Blairism at work again - his image as a principled radical means he can say stuff like this and left will accept it.  
Liam Fox dubbed a ‘tinpot dictator’ after accusing BBC of anti-Brexit bias 
Clearly time for this shambolic Tory government to step down and let Jeremy Corbyn implement Tory hard Brexit. 
Not worth reading. Brexit is going to be very bad, therefore oppose. It's that simple. 
Spain puts infernal pressure on Catalan public workers, businesses and society as a whole to prevent the referendum  
Wow! This really isn't a laughing matter anymore  Liam Fox demands meeting with BBC over 'negative' Brexit stories  
The localization of the new Professor Layton game has a Brexit joke in it:  
13 months post referendum and @Telegraph still too stupid to distinguish between Schengen & Freedom of Movement. Or deliberately conflating 
Why I'm a Remainer who accepts the EU referendum result: a response to critics >>  
It can't have been easy, but @SkyNews manages to shoehorn an anti-Brexit line into this story.  
/ @LibDems are right, Fox's demand is just another of the ways in which #Brexit is being used to undermine democracy  
Corbyn being straightforward on Brexit. No hint of a long game/fudged position/wait-and-see. Under him, Labour wants a v.clean break w/EU. 
#despitebrexit UK business confidence hits 18-month high despite Brexit uncertainty  
Corbyn: "I will take Britain out of the single market". If you voted Labour to stop Brexit you're a mug.  
No it's not, actually. As much as I share many of Corbyn's economic positions, his stance on Brexit is deeply frustrating.  
Hey @jeremycorbyn today you proved you are no better than May or Farage on #Brexit but then again you have form!  
The outcome of the referendum does not change the economic facts. Pointing out those facts is not undemocratic. Silencing opposition is.  
A post-Brexit US-UK trade deal? Here in the States, we want nothing less  
Corbyn and the hard-Right say immigration has hit Britain's workers - research says it is Chinese imports. #Brexit 
Join the anti brexit march 1st oct in #Manchester and stop being a cyber remainer.  
I just love tweets like this. Another brextremist traitor wanting hard brexit even if it ruins the country. And it'll hit him the hardest. X  
Why the markets risk a shock if no Brexit deal is struck, by @Simon_Nixon 
"Famously thirsty" EU boss Jean-Claude Juncker refused booze at a Brexit lunch to avoid being mocked by the press  
Look at this man. Only shouting at the Europeans. Proper hard Brexit. Proper West Ham  
Dear @OwenJones84 Probably fairer to bundle the question into one placehow did you learn to love #Brexit? 
Brexit has also attacked your earnings. (Real earnings are after inflation). Brexit has made you poorer every quarter since June last year.  
Consider that Brexit meant that only Sierra Leone, Congo, Turkey. Uzbekistan and Mongolia's have performed worse than the British pound.  
Hugely interesting article on Brexit.  
"We want our money back," France told Britain as the second round of Brexit talks wrapped up  
Guys... it's fine to like most of Corbyn's policies while thinking he's horrendously wrong on Brexit. You don't have to pretend. 
Brexit has also savaged Sterling. The UKs currency has plummeted since the Brexit vote.  
Liam Fox is acting like a tinpot dictator. The BBC shouldn't be bullied into publishing his Brexit propaganda  
It's time for @UKLabour to stop propping up a broken Tory Brexit Governmnet and demand we #StopBrexit 
We were once on top of the world... but then you gave us hard Brexit  
Are Brexit talks going well? Depends on whether you’re a “glass half full” or “glass half empty” kind of person.  
#Brexit: Blame the politicians, not the voters. Please read and share @Jon_Danzig’s editorial. Link:  
Liam Fox wants the BBC to run stories on the 'positive' effects of Brexit. Maybe the BBC should hire Ri Chun-hee  
Wonder if Patriotic Leavers are aware that - apart from non dom media moguls - #Brexit engineered with US dark money and Russian dark arts? 
Anyone still think #Corbyn is #Remain? #Brexit is still happening because #Labour support the Tories on it. #LibDems are #ExitBrexit 
Seriously , the south of the UK is incredible. Men who voted Brexit trying citizen arrest 11 year olds. Amazing  
The marginal Brexit vote, Trump & the brief rise of the alt-right (far-right) brought hidden fascists from under rocks. They will crawl back 
KDP official calls for registering names of those who stand against referendum to deport them afterward. It'll be Barzanistan not Kurdistan. 
Liam Fox today, writing to the BBC about its Brexit coverageHere's a reminder of the blatant lie he told and admitted to on the same issue  
If Corbyn weren't protecting the Tory Brexiters' backs they would be under grave threat of a Tory Remainer rebellion. #Brexit #StopBrexit 
Corbyn reneges on student debt pledge, backs Tory hard Brexit & attacks EU immigrants. Cultists say he can never be wrong.Trumpism in action 
A hard Brexit under Corbyn will fuck this country up every bit as much as a hard Brexit under May. He's not magic. 
.Corbyn shows his TRUE coloursHe's a BrexiterAnd he'll walk over Labour voters to get the Brexit he wants. 
Liam Fox demands meeting with BBC over 'negative' Brexit stories  
Time to give my eldest "the talk". She's young but the world is crazy these days and I would never forgive myself if she held a referendum. 
Notice no MP supporting brexit is admitting to any of the costs of brexit. Utterly astounding journalists don't try to hold them to account 
We're fighting the stupidity of Brexit. If enough of us apply pressure, the Leadership position will inevitably change. #StopBrexitHour 
This week's #troll agenda:1. Student loans 2. Hard Brexit 3. Corbyn supporters are abusive. It's coordinated, but badly. Insta-block! 
Dear #Brexit #Leave camp70,000 retired Brits use Spain's health system, 81 Spanish pensioners are registered as covered by the #NHS#Remain 
Remainers are not attacking Labour, we are attacking those who support a #Brexit which will harm those who Labour claims to care for#Remain 
'Leaving EU in name ONLY' Farage warns Brexit will see Brussels rule courts AND borders  
Err, what happened to this? Tory MPs want to put a halt to the £100billion HS2 network to save money for Brexit.   
Brexit is a catastrophe. Labour could walk the next election on a Remain ticket. (A real one this time) 
If you still think that the role of voter data in #Brexit and #Trump is exaggerated - read on  HT @carolecadwalla 
A short thread: To understand Corbyn's stance on #Brexit it is useful to look at his stance on Ukraine. 
In defence of their EU Passports... Pets Stand Up to #Brexit  #Remain 
““The Britain I moved to is dying”: Brexit reflections one year later” written by an ex migrant  
Liberal Democrat leader @vincecable says he's working to change the Government's approach to #Brexit  
German free market forces warn against EU militancy on Brexit #Premium 
UK firms do their #Brexit:EasyJet goes to Austria, Citigroup & Morgan Stanley to Frankfurt,Bank of America to Dublin. 
A reformed EU, not Brexit, offers best hope of more progressive UK | Letters  
Martin Schulz: "I refuse to imagine a Europe where lorries and hedge funds are free to cross borders but citizens cannot"#Remain #Brexit  
It's sad & slightly ironic, but the people who will probably leave Scotland due to Brexit are exactly the people Scotland needs for indy. 
If Labour don't adopt a stop Brexit policy the Remain vote will go elsewhere. Mistake to take us for granted. 
‘Soft Brexiteers have always rejected the referendum’ blasts Jacob Rees-Mogg on Newsnight  
Liam Fox demands face-to-face showdown with BBC chief Tony Hall to protest 'unbalanced' Brexit reporting  
A referendum is only advisory. It wasn't an election. If Brexit fails it will because more people understand the implications of it  
I genuinely believe w/Corbyn's staunch hard Brexit position, @scottishlabour will lose massive support to the SNP. 
Corbyn is for hard Brexit, so he is officially for his party's few, not its many  
Jacob Rees-Mogg MP - "There is so much positive to say on #Brexit - it is an exciting opportunity and something we missed in the election."  
If Labour were now to adopt a Stop Brexit policy, would you be more or less likely to vote for it 
#Corbyn #May #BrexitFighting the same corner  
There we have it ScotlandIt's official....Team BREXIT  
To presume that there would be a majority in favour of a #Brexit deal no-one knows about is profoundly undemocratic.#Remain #StopBrexit 
Hey @jeremycorbyn you claim to be a socialist but your position on #Brexit is same as May & Farage. Care to explain? 
Here's an interesting and useful diagram about #EU institutions. Put your cross where you think #Brexit Britain will end up. #SpotTheBall 
An emotional case for the union! 80,000 Scots jobs at risk from #Brexit, Ruth's constituents voted 70% #Remain Get your priorities sorted. 
Significant change of tone in the discourse around Brexit since the election - many are realising it is preventable 
You're still on about Independence while a disastrous BREXIT unfolds on the Tory watch - JOBS! It's all about jobs. Now change the record! 
About 70% of Labour voters are believed not to support Brexit - join us to create a new, welcoming political home  
Sir Vince Cable says there's an appetite for altering Brexit approach  
BBC has 'wilfully ignored' positive news on Brexit, Liam Fox says #Premium 
Britain could slash environmental & safety standards 'a very long way' after #Brexit says Rees-Mogg #StopBrexit 
I am against Brexit but remaining with austerity will end all safety nets and make Britain like the USA & the EU won't save us from that.  
MPs vote NOT to be named and shamed for fiddling expenses as it breaches human rights 
BREXIT WARNING: Germany told to help Britain get good deal or face consequences. 
I can't say this enough to Lib Dems but had you not supported austerity so vehemently during coalition there would be no #Brexit today.  
Dunkirk and Brexit: the difference between a colossal military disaster and a bureaucratic mess:  
Yes, this. This is the only reason we're heading for hard Brexit / no deal. Fat cats no rights tax haven VS pink unicorns socialist utopia  
So proud to have @AnnClwyd as my MP. She's 100% correct that Labour should stop Brexit. @CynonLabour 
‘Soft Brexiteers have always rejected the referendum’ blasts Jacob Rees-Mogg on Newsnight  
Brexit can free UK from 'dangerous EU food insecurity' as May pushes for £22TN trade zone   
After last round of Brexit talks we can see main block to progress not U.K. unpreparedness but inflexibility of EU position agreed among 27. 
Instead Labour should be "tough on Brexit, tough on the causes of Brexit". By doing two things: (10/) 
Blimey. The "wishes of the British people" are probably 1. Want to keep my job. 2. Don't want to be lied to. Brexit jeopardises both.  
i.e. minimising the economic costs of Brexit and simultaneously advancing genuinely radical reforms to spread wealth and opportunity. (7/) 
"Corbyn will oppose brexit" became "Corbyn does oppose it he's just being tactical" became "we need to leave the EU Corbyn is right" 
Kurdish singer calls on #Kurdistan people to honor sacrifices of Peshmerga, martyrs during Sep. 25 #independence referendum.#TwitterKurds 
Though also cultural, the Brexit vote was tipped by low- and middle-earners working too many hours for too-low living standards. (5/) 
If yer anti-trident, want another referendum and would like to remain in Europe then Corbyn is NOT yer man. #simples. 
Since yesterday anti-government content has been posted also from the accounts used during the USA elections, Brexit and in Turkey in 2016. 
ICYMI - excellent article on #Brexit from head of Germany's FIIG  
I agree we definitely don't want Labour. I'd prefer Rees Mogg or David Davis to take over. I have no confidence May will give us Brexit now. 
'Many FEEL GOOD about Brexit!' Pienaar hits out at QUISLING SCUM> Ken Clarke after insisting UK is DOOMED  
Remainers don't want some half-baked transitional deal, we want the self-destructive lunacy of #Brexit binned ASAP!#StopBrexit #ExitBrexit 
BBC has 'wilfully ignored' positive news on Brexit, Liam Fox says 
We're going ahead with Brexit #DespiteTheBBC 
What is the point of Remainers making huge efforts to attack the Tories if Corbyn is going to stab us in the back?#Brexit #StopBrexit 
The unearned sense of entitlement oozing from everything the #EU says & does, proves to the world that #Brexit was the right thing to do!   
Democracy is the ability and freedom to challenge what is wrong. Hard Brexit is wrong.  
It is crucial that both Brexiteers and Remainers face up to the real and painful trade-offs that Brexit entails 
.@jeremycorbyn's views on Single Market, FoM & hard Brexit are identical to Tories'. How can Labour Remainers continue to support this man? 
Brexit will reduce food, wine and clothes costs by up to 20% thanks to the removal of tariffs, says @Jacob_Rees_Mogg 
'This is an exciting opportunity!' @Jacob_Rees_Mogg criticises coverage downplaying Brexit future  
Corbyn - Happy to meet antisemites and Holocaust deniers, but wouldn't campaign with David Cameron to oppose Brexit.Great leader Labour has  
How to ditch  Corbyn?? I'd do Anything to never have to hear or see him again supporting May on prime time Sunday pro #Brexit andrew marr 
So, hating on medical experts whose priority is not extending Charlie Gard's suffering, when you know NOTHING of medicine, is well Brexit  
Full of fury that any Leave voter or Brexit rag has the gall to complain at the loss of the EHIC. Bloody obvious!  
The people that bank rolled vote leave did it for a reason. The rich will be the only people that gain from Brexit. It's time to #StopBrexit 
The government's pursuit of Brexit-at-all-costs needs an urgent rethink 
Corbyn is May's identical twin on hard #Brexit ...that eclipses all his rhetoric as the months will tell  
.@jeremycorbyn you understand nothing about #EU #BrexitYou're for #Tory #Brexit & spout #UKIP anti immigrant lies 
And now a voice on the Left joining the right-wing threats of violence. #Brexit is the politics of intimidation. It must be stopped.  
With a split this deep over Single Market, time for Labour's pro-EU majority to say Stop Brexit and Stop Tories.  
the eu referendum has given people who spent two decades calling for further shifts rightwards a chance to pretend they're progressive 
A "Jobs-first Brexit" is like a "Health-first Ebola outbreak" 
This is what Brexit has achieved in one year from top to almost bottom  
Corbyn backing hard Brexit must be least surprising news of the decade. 
Given the hole the Tories have got themselves into on Brexit, they're lucky to have Corbyn.So far from burying them,he happily jumps in too. 
75% of Brits are on average poorer than those  in The EU15 ( before Greece joined). Brexit is going to make this much worse.  
My open letter about Brexit has been publish in one of the Spanish major medical newspapers: "Mi vida está en Limbo"  
England voted for Brexit, so Corbyn's giving them Brexit. That's fine, but Scotland shouldn't be dragged down with that sinking ship. 
Corbyn's followers seem to be in denial about his Brexit stance just as much as Brexiters are in denial about the dangers of Brexit. 
There's a few people about today who think they're rational individuals, and also think the way to combat Brexit is to bully Owen Jones. 
Also - I'm sorry - Brexit IS a (tiny) majority stripping minorities (EU nationals resident in the U.K.) of their civil rights.  
So much for Jobs First Brexit. Contradiction in terms. His young supporters need to wake up and agitate   
I'm card-carrying Labour. Voted for Corbyn. Have defended his Brexit stance before. But if he's outright dishonest, I have to call it. 
Listen to our new Podcast Special - available FREE now on Mixcloud! Maugham & Galsworthy: "Brexit: Where Next?"  
There's a 50/50 chance that initial Brexit talks won't reach agreement, Peter Mandelson says  
A referendum is binding a plebiscite is non binding & a voluntary postal vote has no legal standing & is a waste of time & resources #auspol 
Whatever Corbyn has to say about his economic and social ambitions is meaningless. Brexit will smash them like a wrecking ball. 
Why Jeremy Corbyn lies about Brexit and the Single Market  
Britain right now seeking bespoke deal with EU on future relationship to secure Brexit- here’s some examples of kind others have outside EU.  
Morgan Stanley is moving jobs from London to Frankfurt and Dublin after Brexit, sources say  
That feeling when @UKLabour Leadership confirm the economic suicide of a Hard Brexit outside the European Economic Area.  
Delighted to support Aleks Stanek in run this morn. Strabane to Clady ( & then, in her case, much further ). Brexit & borders disastrous.  
Liam Fox has written a formal letter of complaint to the BBC demanding talks over its 'biased' Brexit coverage  
What a shame. 'We will have NOTHING' Dutch fishermen beg UK for sea access as EU counts cost of Brexit  
like, Owen, but don't speak for us. Your actions and support of hard Brexit Corbyn don't work together with the nice rhetoric above. 3/3 
This would have been us, if we hadn't voted #Brexit  
British "expats" (what media call white immigrants) in Spain. I'm sure Daily Mail outraged at refusal to "integrate" & "adapt." #Brexit  
Only 13% of Labour voters want Hard Brexit @BarryGardiner. HM Treasury say impact is 6.2% of GDP & £37Bn to Govt funds. We reject austerity. 
I'd love for one of the Corbyn crowd to explain why it was right that members formally given a say on Syria but not Brexit/customs union/SM 
Indeed. Also Scotland's First Minister @NicolaSturgeon has also pointed out Corbyn's fundamental error re #Brexit: 
I don't think I can stay any longer. Membership up for renewal but Brexit position disgusts me. 
Welcome to the Brexit coup  
I genuinely don't think Corbyn actually voted to Remain. His wholesale acceptance of Brexit is consistent with 30 year position of anti-EU. 
Jeremy Corbyn on Labour's Brexit approach:- Guarantee European nationals to stay- Tariff-free Access #marr 
Don't regret your tactical vote. The mission was to remove Theresa May's majority, and it worked. It was the beginning of the end of Brexit. 
A fundamental clash of political psychologies contributes to the bitter tensions, hostility & mutual incomprehension of #Brexit#Remain pic.twitter.com/Pw5aD2azv3 
Remainers, if there was still the smallest doubt that Corbyn is a Brexiter, this will finally remove it. Vote Labour, get Brexit.  
Not good enough from Corbyn. His views are unchanged since 1975 referendum. Biggest victims will be his supporters.  
I voted labour for first time (I am 64)  to stop Brexit. I wasted my vote 
Jeremy Corbyn officially has the same position on Brexit as Nigel Farage. Support him if you want, but you're no different than a kipper. 
A country that imposes major constitutional change based on a wafer thin majority in an advisory referendum is not a functioning democracy 
Centrist politicians now need to stand together in the face of both the hard right and hard left having aligned to deliver ukip's Brexit. 
Where to start? Being 'a democrat' doesn't mean you just roll over & stop arguing, esp considering brexit's disastrous consequences.  
We early opponents of Brexit might recall Gandhi:"First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win." 
Labour's Brexit policy revealed by @BarryGardiner It's for full membership of the ECPA (European Cherry Picking Area) 
Lib Dem Brexit spox Tom Brake accuses Corbyn of "parroting the Brexiteers' lie tht membership of single market is same as staying in EU" 1/2  
Spot on. @vincecable sets out why the public will want another referendum to secure an #exitfrombrexit 
.@LiamFox is clear that a Brexit transition must be limited in time and scope to make the most of the freedoms of leaving the EU #marr 
Hesseltine gets 900 million every year from the EU & says UK is  being humiliated by brexit. Translated this means if we leave he goes broke 
Tick. Tock.  #Brexit 
Its vital we oppose the Tory job-destroying Brexit the government has embarked on in the strongest terms- we should give no quarter to it /8 
Brexit is potentially very many times worse than the poll tax for nearly every working class person in the UK. 
Committed to Hard Brexit will be hugely damaging to jobs & economy in Scotland & not what 62% of Scotland voted for #brexitshambles @theSNP 
Absolutely, Brexit is like poll tax, a disaster waiting to happen. When it all goes wrong fingers will point to Corbyn as much as May 
Why Lib Dem leader @vincecable thinks there should be another #Brexit referendum #Ridge 
Just proves yet again that the @Keir_Starmer initiative is a pointless exercise when @jeremycorbyn is intent on a #Farage #Brexit @UKLabour 
'LibDems only party against hard brexit.' Vince hasn't heard of the Scottish National Party. His 12 MPs obviously dwarf 35 SNP. #ScotRef 
No, it isn't. Labour's failure to stand up for common sense on single market will make them as culpable as Tories for Brexit disaster  
5. And Corbyn shows *why* he wants Brexit. False narrative of mass "import" of workers by construction industry to undermine native wages. 
Factually wrong from Corbyn, & also revealing his determination to become the principal cheerleader for a Brexit that destroys UK jobs.  
Chuka you are a Labour MP and Labour supports ending free movement and leaving the internal market. Come in line, accept the referendum.  
Trade Secretary, Liam Fox, has written to the BBC to formally complain about its "unbalanced reporting" of Brexit.  
But it's not.... How long Labour's incoherence on #brexit can hold will eventually become a major issue  
As Govt change tack, Corbyn will soon be left as principal cheerleader for hard Brexit. His policies will be exposed for what they are.  
If you want a vision of Brexit Britain, look at the majority of people backing Brexit on Twitter. 
Why should the banks have a say in Brexit- they have to be bailed out at tax payers expense, with huge bonuses for doing a bad job! 
Excellent talks in Japan on a range of issues including economic and defence cooperation, cyber security, free trade and Brexit  
Jeremy Corbyn rules out membership of the Single Market. We will keep fighting to protect jobs and living standards from an extreme Brexit  
A Conservative Govt that has re-defined marriage, that now redefines gender, that seeks to subvert Brexit, that grovels to the BBC...UGH. 
Corbyn doesn't get that Brexit is not in the best interests of Labour voters - or anyone at all, for that matter, except a few billionaires. 
We voted to #Leave EU last yr. We must NOT have transitional #Brexit. End immigration NOW before Italy gives half of Africa passports #UKIP 
So there is a difference between right & left Brexit. Right want to leave cos EU is agent of regulation, left cos EU agent of deregulation.  
TODAY'S DEBATE: Should men's voices be heard in the Brexit talks? Or does the UK need a strong negotiating team? 
So it's confirmed. Corbyn will push for a hard Brexit and, in so doing, will perpetuate austerity for generations to come. #marr 
Labour's nonsensical and contradictory approach to Brexit makes Tory cluelessness look almost like a thoroughly thought out strategy. 
Fundamentally, Corbyn's Brexit is no different to May's #Marr 
Corbyn is all over the place on Brexit - again. #marr 
One of the most disheartening things of #Brexit is journalists letting that kind of untruth going unchallenged. Corbyn simply wrong   
Labour Leader @jeremycorbyn rules out single market membership after Brexit. "The single market is dependent on membership of the EU" #marr 
That's a cripplinghard Brexit that will cost us the economy. Cost us jobs. Cost us billions. Corbyn is no different from David Davis.  
Corbyn is clear. Free movement from the EU into the UK will continue in his mad version of Brexit #Marr 
.@LiamFox says any Brexit transition period should end before the next general election #marr 
Isn't it OBVIOUS that the majority at Westminster want to ameliorate and contort Brexit to the point it is worthless? #Marr 
The only fascists or bigots I come across are the people unwilling to accept the result of the referendum, they're abusive & of all ages. 
Someone has to say it. The argument that we *must* "respect the referendum" then, now or ever, is vacuous and wholly without merit. 
Liam Fox defends US trade deal against Hammond's "sneers" and demands showdown with BBC boss over Brexit coverage  
With the 'Conservative' party gearing up to betray Brexit and promoting gender fluid nonsense, only @UKIP make sense  
Soubry talking specious BS.85% of #GE2017 votes were for parties committed to clean #Brexit.Arch-Remainer Soubry wants to stay in.#Marr 
Polar Ice melting. Methane exploding in Alaska and Siberia. So - scrap Brexit, lock up Trump and Putin, Save. The. Planet. Have a nice day. 
4 year fixed terms for Fed Parliament long overdue.Hold a simple Referendum before June 30 next year so result can apply from next election 
BOOM: Sweden's largest bank increases UK output as it expects market to grow after Brexit. 
Brexit: ‘Ideological crap about sovereignty and taking back control’  via @IrishTimesLife 
Daily Mail: Recession is looming as households feel the heat, but don't mention Brexit. #ExitBrexit 
You're fighting to overturn Uxbridge 1 month after a democratic vote... but won't represent Labour voters' overwhelming rejection of Brexit? 
Somewhat surprisingly all the Serbs I've met in North Kosovo so far have talked about Brexit, and all thought it was crazy. 
People who shrug their shoulders & say 'we must accept Brexit' are giving up the Britain we used to love, her freedoms & values, for dead. 
BREXIT: Brussels rejects Britain's request for independent Brexit monitor. 
'Grow some balls!' Radio caller RAGES over Brexit transition period in passionate LBC rant  
Spot on.  Particularly since UK is a Parliamentary democracy   And the referendum was advisory.  
EU wants right to UK's child benefit - even after Brexit. We decide, Our Country,Our Money!  
Holidaymakers now being offered less than a euro for £1 because of Brexit  
Voted @mrjamesob for sterling work lampooning Brexit. Currently 52:48 down, so I hope the result is only advisory...  
The LIBLABCONS The parties who wants MASS immigration into our country 
EHIC card is issued to EU cits exercising free movement. If UK leaves EU, Brits aren't covered any more. Simples.Not spite. Just Brexit. 
Moyles has pulled ahead over night but it's still Brexit close. Don't go to church this morning, cast lots of votes instead! Ends at 12.30.  
BREAKING: David Davies plans to climb Mt.Everest on his vacation to help prepare himself for Brexit negotiations when he returns. 
On Brexit, we MUST respect the democratic will of the people, as I was saying at the Defy Tory Rule rally only last night. 
Politicians will be ignoring the Majority who Voted leave in last years referendum And will continue putting Foreign Aid before its own  
Scotland ‘expected to vote for independence and introduce its own currency’ after Brexit  
I wonder if @OwenJones84 would 'honour' a referendum if it voted against something he truly believed in. Take your pick of subjects.  
Bank of America opens European base because of Brexit  
It's TODAY! Join us for #Brexit and proEU chat 6-7pm. Send the message loud and clear - this is not the will of the people!  
United we stand, divided we Brexit  
How dare you use facts to support an arguments...! Brexit didn't come about by the pernicious use of facts... 
*Brexit Explained*  
Why has British politics become so unpleasant? The answer to almost everything these days is Brexit  
EU demands right to child benefits even after Brexit  
Without Trump and Brexit there'd be just the weather to moan about. 
It is crucial that both Brexiteers and Remainers face up to the real and painful trade-offs that Brexit entails  
Like hoping for the devastation of Brexit so they can destroy the middle and give people no choice.  
Bank of America chooses Dublin as its main EU hub after Brexit  
Come on @OwenJones84 this lady's life is being put in limbo by Brexit and is worthy of your support. Is that not what socialism is about?  
What is it in Western Man that makes him so reluctant to take action against those that wish to kill him?  #Brexit  
I don't like Brexit and I think the wishes of all the people who don't want Brexit should be respected because I am a democrat.  
Owen's been a great advocate 4 poor & kicking ass for years yet on this he's strangely submissive. Corbyn & McDonnell -pro Brexit for years  
Household wealth in the UK slumped by 10 per cent, in the 12 months, as a “direct result” of the Brexit vote.  
I support most of your politics, but I can't support submission to Brexit. Neither can most Labour voters. It's an act of massive self harm 
As long as the government stays in denial about Brexit’s drawbacks, Britain is on course for disaster. Our cover  
What did you fucking expect? Brexit encourages dumbassery wherever it surfaces you tosser.  
Thank-you to the hundreds of volunteers who made this referendum a huge success in democratic decision making! So deeply grateful! 
Scots attempts to escape the gathering brexit catastrophe will be relentlessly opposed by British nationalists in the name of faux socialism 
My thoughts exactly @OwenJones84. You worked for McDonnell, he & Corbyn have been pro Brexit for years.Your passivity on this is suspicious  
Yes, they're damn annoying! I'm no fan of #Brexit story so far, but idea Corbyn to blame & cd stop it is annoying the hell out of me. 
The referendum committee is allowing people who were queued up at voting kiosks at 6pm to vote, so results will be delayed by a few minutes.  
Saw "Dunkirk." Then read another London-has-no-idea-how-to-do-Brexit-and-it-looks-like-a-looming-disaster article. *sigh* 
70 % of people living in Barcelona want Mayor @AdaColau to cooperate in holding of the independence referendum on 1 October  
Need a proper hard Brexit tackle by Dier on Alves  
To satisfy that arse Fartage & UKIP. Hope he gets his just deserts! Cancelling Brexit is not enough.  Media also needs 2 be fully humiliated  
There are no easy answers on Brexit. But it's a simple truth that Brexit represents the antithesis of everything Labour stands for. 
The UK’s Brexit negotiators are powered by little more than hope  
And I speak as a loyal, die-hard Labour member. My party is condemning future generations to unfathomable misery by accepting hard Brexit. 
.@MailOnline, the crusher of saboteurs, the knight against the ennemies of the people, considers leaving UK after Brexit, move to Ireland pic.twitter.com/jVDPXNumre 
So @OwenJones84 if a referendum was held over making homosexuality illegal again with a 52-48% vote in favour, you wld respect the outcome?  
This wouldn't happen in the UK. We would never ask people to vote on something and then make up the policy after.(Don't mention Brexit)  
We'll be livestreaming @PC_Alberta referendum results around 6:15 MST tonight on Facebook at  & Instagram at @Jkenney 
Holidaymakers now being offered less than a euro for £1 because of Brexit  
Corbyn is dangerous, a real threat to the Scottish economy.  He supports Brexit & that should not be tolerated by remain voting Scotland 
Corbyn, McDonnell and Owen Jones are all fans of Brexit. I wonder when all those new young Labour members will catch on. 
I find it interesting that the "ever so principled" hard left "remain" campaigners have accepted Brexit so easily!  
Is it me or does the release of Dunkirk& Churchill stike anyone as odd in the midst of Brexit& an upsurge of WW2 charged Brit nationalism? 
Daily Mail moving to EU base post Brexit??? ... W T F  
EU wants right to UK's child benefit - even after Brexit.The EU is too stupid to actually negotiate with.  
Just two hours to go before voting ends in the @PC_Alberta referendum. Please reach out to anyone you know who is a member to remind them!  
#Brexit: The Betrayal | United Kingdom's EU Referendum 
IMF: Quitting the Single Market will force banks to relocate activities outside the UK.#Brexit #StopBrexit #ExitBrexit #Remain 
This is why ILLEGAL immigrant was NOT deported after threatening to ‘kill the English’  via @Your Brexit 
Should UK refuse all immigration as part of #brexit negotiations & tighten all security on border? @DavidDavisMPRETWEET & VOTE #yourvoice 
A high proportion of top earners at @BBC are left wing and have railed against #Brexit and controlled migration... 
We don't do govt by referendum - unlike Switzerland. In countries where they do,  66% majority would have been reqd for such a big change. 
The American Chamber of Commerce notes that US companies have used Britain as a gateway to the Single Market.#Brexit #StopBrexit #Remain 
The 10 British cities most dependent on exports to the EU.  #Brexit #StopBrexit #ExitBrexit 
Simple choice for Scotland, an Independent grown up nation making our own decisions or just part of a UK Jobbie#ScotRef #Brexit  
Tune in to  around 6:15 pm to watch the livestream of #pcaa #UniteAlberta referendum results. #ableg #ucp #wrp 
The Euratom row lays bare the innate flaws of Brexit.  
Chuka wake up: your amendment lost 3-1 in Commons. Stop whingeing now help negotiate strong Brexit deal that suits UK interests. Or resign  
After the angry intro about Gove, you'll find a superbly enlightening pieces on Brexit & food security.  
EU demands right to child benefits even after Brexit  
ENEMIES OF THE PEOPLE: Daily Mail considering moving operations to Ireland following Brexit voteHahahaha. I’m joking.I’m not joking.  
Deutsche boss preparing for Brexit outcome 'worse than people can imagine' - Sky News @theresa_may @jeremycorbyn  
Maybe this is why @michaelgove didn't take the question of the Northern Irish border seriously during Brexit- he thinks NI is in Wales?   
UK Will Keep Borders Open For Two Years After Brexit  
I'd think that Equal Marriage, Race Equality, Universal Suffrage and the NHS would have all been voted against in a referendum at the time. 
One year after the Brexit vote, holidaymakers are being offered just 88 euro cents for £1   
17th Sep #exitbrexit Stop Brexit in Bournemouth   event. 
On Sunday 23/7, both KDP/PUK politburos will hav an important mtg 2assess puk visit 2Iran,reactivation of Parliament,Referendum on time . 
the UK should remember what churchill said in 1938 when he said "we take our stand for freedom"  so we must do the same now on Brexit 
Ryanair will drop its flights between Britain and the EU if an agreement is not made for post-Brexit air travel  
Holidaymakers now being offered less than a euro for £1 because of Brexit  
So have I got this right, the EU will not allow the UK to check criminal records of those that want to live here, Brexit quicker please. 
Do you believe the politician's will deliver on the "will of the people" over Brexit 
Not sure of provenance/reliability of this but if true a big Brexit story  
Exactly. TV press are a disgrace for not highlighting this. Brexit is a disaster for everyone except the very rich maximizing their profits  
Brexit will change Britain forever and you, young man, should be campaigning to stop it rather than fiddling while Rome burns #StopBrexit 
It's called Brexit, sweeties.  
Rewriting laws without votes in parliament? That's how British laws could be decided after Brexit. RETWEET so everyone knows!  
Food and farming must play a vital role in our fight against climate change #Brexit  
Britain's economy has done respectably since the Brexit vote. But that may now change  
"#Brexit is a negative supply shock for the UK economy" - explains @AdamPosen of @PIIE  
Brexit talks will end "messily" and the process won't be quick, Peter Mandelson says  
Bank of America opens European base because of Brexit  
Varadkar still hopeful of a U-turn on Brexit  
If we could harness the energy of people on the left doing cartwheels to support Brexit because Corbyn does, we'd never need coal again. 
.@DExEUgov is this What a good Brexit looks like? #StopBrexit 
.@M_AndersonSF commends Polish artist Aleksandra Stanek, who's running the length of the border to raise awareness of the impact of Brexit  
Saturday thoughts-I believe this is what is known as a 360° turn. What do you think. #brexit  
Great news! ~25,000 @PC_Alberta members have voted in the unity referendum. That's 50% of PC members. Six hours left to have your say.  
Free hand for Brexit?   
'We will THRIVE - not just survive' Businesses in Brexit heartland defy EU scaremongering  
Sir David Edward on why UK government's talk about ending jurisdiction of #ECJ in UK is misleading:  #Brexit #CJEU 
Alex Deane takes aim at 'grubby' EU for obsession over unfair Brexit divorce bill | UK | News  
Whoops. Matthew Parris accepts the Brexit choice was money or national humiliation (Spectator)  
And Westmonster founder/Brexit donor runs an insurance company… anyone joining the dots yet? 
I got into a debate with @OwenJones84 about LP & Brexit. 1000's of tweets from others. Do we all hate Labour? You say that to dismiss us.  
Brexit will REDUCE food, wine and clothes costs by 20% - Rees-Mogg fires back at Remainers  
Seriously, I'm getting tired of this EU stuff in Italy. Brexit now  
With all respect to the Queen and her hat, Brexit has shown that having an unelected and silent representative head of state is a liability. 
100% @AnnClwyd, Labour must act in the national interest and oppose Brexit "Full Stop" - more MPs stand up please! 
This is the kind of positive Brexit message that Government ministers ought to be spreading. Why aren't they? 
One year after the Brexit vote, holidaymakers are being offered just 88 euro cents for £1  
Neil Kinnock called it right on Brexit - collapse in investment, growth, pound, working class people most affected.  
I'm sick of austerity. Bankers to blame. Brexit will teach them a lesson!Bankers move to Dublin with a relocation bonus.Services collapse. 
"You don't need to be a Catalan separatist to support referendum on self-determination", @jordisolef a @parlimag  
What's undemocratic about a 2nd referendum based on much better information? Nobody is able to tell me this. 
There's utter confusion on Brexit and Theresa May needs a serious plan, Ken Clarke says  
And, as about a dozen people have just pointed out, 37% of the UK electorate voted for Brexit 
This is a bumpy, often uncomfortable political journey, everyone, but we will achieve our aim: Brexit WILL happen. Never lose sight of that. 
You do realise if he got the hard Brexit he's after, JC could fulfil exactly 0 of his manifesto pledges?They were costed, but Brexit wasnt. 
WestmonsterUK: RT WestmonsterUK: REES-MOGG: Transitional phase after Brexit goes against EU referendum result. 
We voted for Brexit in the largest democratic plebiscite the UK has ever held. We did not vote to have the EU running us after we leave. 
Scared about human rights after #Brexit? You should be: @WomaninHavana on @caoilfhionnanna #ALBA2017 must read list  
Ann ClwydThank you for having courage to oppose toxic #brexit.Support is crumbling.#morebrexitdamage#stopbrexit 
'We will THRIVE - not just survive' Businesses in Brexit heartland defy EU scaremongering  
'They're irrational!' Professor blasts 'bizarre' EU negotiators over Brexit talks  
Ann Clwyd MP wants Labour to oppose Brexit 'full stop' - Wales Online  
I think sadly, working class communities have no idea how much harder their lives are going to get, post Brexit.  
Easy to tell from Twitter, Brexit vote largely won by driving xenophobia, fears of refugees, islamophobia & delusion of Empire. 
#Migrants add your #voices! - Tell us how #Brexit negotiations affect U @NewEuropeans @The3Million @BritishInEurope 
Today i met a woman in her 70's...Spanish husband who's been here 30 years but worked abroad.They don't know if he gets to stay post brexit. 
The British people should get the final say on any Brexit deal in a referendum. Agree? Add your name:  
How many people, when explained Labour's official Brexit strategy go "ok, got it." Then two minutes later say "wait, what is it again?" 
Project Reality is underway and Brexit is starting to damage the economy. It is time to end the madness and #StopBrexit 
Amazon has started moving staff into a huge new London office with enough space for  over 5,000 people  #Brexit  
Jeremy Vine ‘paid £80,000’ for just one programme - Scottish independence referendum results night 
Does Gina Miller never get fed up of the sound of her own voice? She must be one sad, bored, spoilt woman. Brexit will succeed. 
I live in a high brexit rural area, and at least once a day another ambulance drives past my house with yet another dying brexiter 
If the UK had a referendum on the death penalty and it was brought back..would @UKLabour support the 'will of the people'? 
The Brexit Tories really have been in fine comic form this week.  
This is where the negotiations are currently at concerning post Brexit residency rights  
If a referendum result, won with lies about what it would mean, increased poverty that could deliver fascism. Labour must keep the door ajar 
Latest from me & @PeterKGeoghegan - how the DUP's secret Brexit donor helped boost @andrealeadsom's leader campaign: 
'Deep down you just want to DELAY Brexit' Davis roasts former Brussels negotiator  
As £ falls to €0.88 for British holidaymakers, a reminder that, for the ultras, Brexit isn't really about economics  
'Grow some balls!' Radio caller RAGES over Brexit transition period in passionate LBC rant  @DavidDavisMP 
'EU is sceptical of free trade' How Brexit will lead to ‘great opportunities’ for North  
The Sun is stamping its feet that UK citizens won't be able to use EU hospitals after #brexit. Speechless moronity  
Can we get one thing clear? The only 'democratic deficit' is the refusal of the sore losers from the 2014 referendum to accept the result. 
These stamps were issued for Britain joining the EEC in 1973. Will stamps also be issued when Brexit finally occurs?  
Now the UK Economy has totally collapsed and the pound is worth fuck all, you dont hear anything from the #brexit morons pic.twitter.com/yb1fvnF6Qo 
Rewriting laws without votes in parliament? That's how British laws could be decided after Brexit. RETWEET so everyone knows!  
4) Final clip #MigrationCrisis.Not specifically Brexit, but well worth a listen.So few give UK credit, but Alex recognises her efforts.  
I've wrecked the UK Economy, Lost AAA Rating, caused race hatred, and now off to live in France ... Thanks Idiots #brexit  
@OwenJones84 is a good man. I like him. The question he should ask himself is "Is Brexit right or wrong for Britain?" Nothing else matters. 
3) The key benefits of #Brexit for the UK.  
Can someone push Rees-Mogg off a metaphorical cliff edge instead, before his ilk push the UK off one? #brexit  
We opened Brexit. Don't like what's in it. What's the solution? Simple.  
BIAFRA: Nnamdi Kanu storms Rivers, insists on referendum as condition for 2019 poll  
Welcoming DEFRA Secretary of State Michael Gove to South Antrim today. Making clear the needs of NI farmers & fishermen now and post Brexit  
#brexit solved. Leavers get blue passports and get to shoulder ALL the downsides alone. Remainers keep all the benefits of membership. Easy. 
Davis: "We wish to leave"Barnier: "You'll have to pay, keep EU citizens (even crim's) & succumb to EU law"UK: "That's not Brexit, dumbass" 
Is it right to have a constitutional jail? > Spain threatens to cut funds for Catalonia over referendum plan  via @FT 
Great to have Michael Gove in N Ireland this morning discussing Brexit and our valuable agri food industry  
Brexit is causing falling real wages, higher prices & rising debt; how long will we ignore its contribution to foodbank surge @jeremycorbyn? 
1-1 in a premier league game and the scorers are Islam and Mohamed this is a disgrace take our league back Brexit means Brexit 
Britain to get huge post-Brexit trade deal with Japan.Wake up Barnier, tick tock, tick tock.  
Which is not to say don't. But if you do, do it with your eyes open. Labour under Corbyn is pro-Hard-Brexit (albeit Softer than Tories). /8 
"Time to oppose Brexit full stop" #Brexit  
Hey France.If you wish to fish our waters post-Brexit, perhaps we should charge you for that privilege? 
Got to feel sorry for those Brexit loving farmers who are now upset about the government reneging on the promise to replicate EU subsidies. 
Brexit is causing the National debt and austerity to rise faster @johnmcdonnellMP. Labour people deserve the truth. 
It appears that Brexit has caused an explosive out break in some very nasty and Dangerous people. Was the Referendum worth all this hate? 
."Brexit may be giving Big Pharma doubts - GlaxoSmithKline abandons plans for new plant in Cumbria". 
So the referendum was lost. Do you believe that @OwenJones84 & @mattzarb would shrug their shoulders & "I don't like it, but whacanyado?" /3 
So complex that it should not have been reduced to a binary, divisive, advisory referendum. 
Prices going up. Poor people suffering. Jobs at risk. Government giving bungs to multinationals. There's nothing socialist about Brexit. 
Imagine that a Tory government, to appease its right fringe, held a referendum on dismantling the NHS and replacing it with Hannancare. /1 
.More BOLD MPs please! "I feel we should be making it clear NOW that we oppose Brexit FULL STOP”. 
After the Sun created EU benefit tourism myths and urged Leave vote, now blames the EU for UK losing health benefits of membership. #Brexit  
Labour full on attacking Lib Dems and Vince Cable. You know that's when they're worried about their lack of voice on Brexit. 
BOMBSHELL Report!Veselnitskaya, Goldstone & Agalarova Traveled from NYC to UK For Brexit Then Back to NYC! 
Brexit may hasten #UnitedIreland, says Pearse Doherty 
Corbyn is fast becoming a big danger to Scotland. His pro unionist, pro brexit, pro Trident policies aren't that different from Tories!  
Gove wants payments for woodland creation and habitat protection after Brexit  
Once Labour campaigned against racism, now it rolls over in the face of a wave of hate & xenophobia whipped up by the #Brexit press#Remain 
If you guys can reverse Brexit while I'm away, that'd be great. Also, make Grayling act like a monster again. This morning was super weird. 
Marvellous isn't it? Contrary to all expectations, Brexit has swept the rug from under indyref2 & the SNP have no idea how to react  
As the Brexit disaster unfolds, Royalty, WWII, flag waving & The Great Brit this or that program will become more prominent. (In that order) 
In case you missed it: "If it looks like a duck..." - @Jacob_Rees_Mogg gives his verdict on a Brexit transition period  
When will this become public knowledge? Who is brexit working for?  
Come back with a single, clearly defined and costed vision of what Brexit is, and we can vote on it.  
European Union (Withdrawal) Bill is a direct attack on devolution, restricting Scottish Parliament's power: @joannaccherry #alba2017 #brexit 
The sooner Brexit Britain takes back control of its borders, the safer we will be!  
To the farmers who voted for Brexit. You reap what you sow. Time to get your tractors down to Downing St and #StopBrexit 
Leavers claim EU needs the UK. When EU hospitals need nurses, they've got a pool of qualified staff in 27 countries. Post #brexit UK doesn't 
As the awesome complexity of Brexit has become apparent, so has the difficulty of Britain's position  
'We know the tricks of the trade’ -  Tokyo offers to help Britain negotiate Brexit  
But at least we are taking back control... #brexit #brexitshambles 
Tory Brexit Labour Brexit no difference so why should anyone bother? Oppose Brexit unequivocally or find the votes loaned to you drain away  
'We owe NO money' @Jacob_Rees_Mogg rails against Brexit bill as UK can walk away for FREE  
That's because there was no written plan for Brexit during the referendum, matey. As to the negotiation -it's planned by deluded Brexiteers.  
Brexit will impact badly on young, middle-aged & senior citizens alike. Only super wealthy will have a real cushion.  
The Tory Right claim the EU ties Britain in regulatory red tape - this is nonsense #LeaveLies #Remain #Brexit #StopBrexit 
"It emerged today" = "People warned about this before the referendum"  
The Corbyn manifesto is built on the foundations of Brexit It ignores the costs of Brexit, it ignores the risks of Brexit, it ignores Brexit  
I thought at the begining of Brexit we needed a prime minister and cabinet ministers who were pro-Brexit- Think I'm proved right now 
The French whilst doing their best to destroy London as the money capital of the world are begging and demanding fishing rights post brexit 
I would say what i said before the Scottish referendum: large constitutional change requires more than a simple majority. Still true. 
Odd way to spin the direct and predictable effect of Brexit  
We've started a fundraiser for The Brexit Comic! This is your chance to become a media mogul.#TheBrexit 
"Brexit will make Earth greener," says Gove, because travelling tens of thousands of miles to get your shopping, rather than 28, saves fuel. 
Would all the people saying "the referendum was only advisory" be saying the same thing if 52% had voted for Remain?  
John, how can you say this while supporting hard Brexit - that will rub out not only the Northern Powerhouse idea  
At some airport your £ is worth less than a Euro. Another Brexit triumph NOT 
Thatcher, Blair,Cameron / Osborne, May: 30 years neo-liberal politics, voodo economics & corporate capture = UK  Financial meltdown, Brexit 
The way Brexit is being negotiated is disastrous. A #secondreferendum would not ignore or overturn democracy. It would restore democracy. 
We see here, in a nutshell, one reason that Murdoch, Dacre and the 1% are so keen on #Brexit.  
As pound sinks to 8-month low, remember what that means. Brexit vote wiped £1.2 trillion off UK households in 2016.  
Britons travelling to Europe offered just 88 euro cents for £1, yeah but at least we have got our country back innit #brexit #idiots 
British in Berlin worry about being 'locked in' to one country after Brexit, as free movement rights up in the air.  
If the result of a democratic referendum was overturned or ignored there would be a revolt and it would fuel support for the far right 
Owen, to 'honour' the referendum you would have to 'honour' the indisputable fact that it was 'advisory' and not 'mandatory' as it became.  
Lying to the electorate about #Brexit worked for me in the GE and it'll work until I get elected. Then sod the Remainers.  
To many people (myself included) it's so obvious that Brexit will be an epic disaster that we don't understand how anybody can't see it. 
Record Japanese investment in Britain since Brexit says @BorisJohnson 
Overturning the referendum is a legitimate opinion most don't have. They're not going to change their mind after being angrily denounced. 
John Major on the Tory Brexiters: "The NHS is about as safe with them as a pet hamster would be with a hungry python."#Brexit #StopBrexit 
To the people who want to overturn the EU referendum who are angrily berating me: what's your strategy? Because it clearly isn't persuasion. 
Pleased to say around 2k people an hour are reading my submission to Michael gove on the coming Brexit food crisis  
Increasingly the public are coming to view the status quo (i.e. EU member) preferable to any Brexit. Eventually Govt will wake up to this.  
Trade Union Bill 2016: strikes illegal if less than 40% of electorate vote in favour.Only 37% of electorate voted for Brexit.Just saying. 
Very good read by Matthew Parris in Spectator. Valuing Brexit glory over economy is pushing Brexit to extremes.  
A country that is leaving the EU has to pay its bill - and not taxpayers from the other countries. #brexit  
When you voted for BREXIT did you think that meant several years of continued free movement from EU after we left? 
Hard Brexit & Trident supporting Labour continue 2 attack @theSNP instead of Tories in Scotland. Radical? Aye right! 
BREAKING: Government of the Balearic Islands supports Catalonia's independence referendum. 
Brexit will REDUCE food, wine and clothes costs by 20% - Rees-Mogg fires back at Remainers  
And with 'transitional' brexit this will go on indefinitely. Public being ignored yet again on biggest issue 
Worst ever £ - € rates for British tourists. Put that on the side of a bus.#Brexit 
Jacob Rees-Mogg: #Brexit will REDUCE food, wine and clothes costs by 20%  
Vince Cable predicted Britain's financial crash and says Brexit can be stopped  
For @BritishInEurope and @The3Million - don't forget to tell the Guardian about the impact of the Brexit process 
"In short, Brexit risks exposing UK consumers to much lower food standards than we have come to expect." Jay Rayner  
Rewriting laws without votes in parliament? That's how British laws could be decided after Brexit. RETWEET so everyone knows!  
These Soft Brexiteers are in fact pple who have always rejected the result of the Referendum, they’re the Tony Blairs of this world#Brexit  
It wasn't a 'democratic decision', it wasn't a 'legally binding decision' either. Politicians who support Brexit will never be forgiven. 
Brexit Latest: Government moves towards transitional arrangement.  
Chart-free rant on the #Brexit chaos.  
The pound is fetching 88 Euro cents at Cardiff airportIn 2015, Britons traveling to Europe received more than €1.41 Happy Brexit. 
This week in #Brexit...  
Consensus on transition emerging i.e. maintaining the status quo as final Brexit deal is reached    
*A cartoon about Brexit from Romania*@malcolmcameron7 @richbailey79 @Ferretgrove @SafariSara @MissCareless198 @KitCatK @smilinglaura 
Haha! You keep complaining about Brexit and I'll keep congratulating myself on a job well done.   
Favourite line about UK is @billybragg "sweet moderation, heart of this nation" after Brexit extreme Left & Right will come in for the kill 
The brilliant @TomChivers on how Brexit could stop British patients from getting vital drugs #EMA #brexitshambles 
Brexit was never about surviving, nobody told us that.Brexit has to be better or there must be no Brexit..  
98% of the Leave campaign's spend in the referendum was on digital media - communicating a clear plan with details, facts, costings...? - ! 
Bank of America picks Dublin for EU hub. Brexit reality bites, expect more news like this.  
Bank of America chooses Dublin as EU base after Brexit  
Jeremy Vine ‘paid £80,000’ for his running commentary on Scottish referendum. Obscene! 
Good news for Ireland. Bank of America picks #Dublin as location after #Brexit.  
Can't say this enough. Brexit is a huge tax dodge for the Brexit elite.  
British expat in Spain fears losing access to healthcare after Brexit  
Theresa May's government wants to extend the Brexit timetable  
Brexit tantrums. Cartoon by .@BJennings90 
What #Brexit was really all about? 
@IanDunt knows what he is talking about & his analysis of UK gov's approach to #Brexit talks makes alarming reading  
Brexiter "reasons".Revisionism and denial.#Brexit Great work by @SKZCartoons. 
The huge landslide of 37% of a gerrymandered electorate- never forget that fact. But as you say: even re votes cast - Brexit is just a coup.  
.@SuzanneEvans1 on @lbc is right. EU is holding us to ransom because our cash is vital to keep their rotten show on the road. #BREXIT now! 
The core reason I suspect for many voters voting leave, was uncomplicated. Voters wanted their country back! #Brexit  
But in the case of Brexit it is not 'most people.' It's a minority. It's a mere 37% of an illegitimately restricted electorate: a travesty.  
The most notable thing in all this Brexit discussions is the complete lack of trust people have in most senior politicians, MSM and BBC. 
"Can you confirm that UK citizens would no longer have access to the European health insurance card #EHIC?" @NHSConfed_EU #brexit  
How can the Tories justify paying a brexit bill when the UK legally owes nothing & no EU law or treaty says we have to pay anything?  
As long as the government stays in denial about Brexit’s drawbacks, Britain is on course for disaster. Our cover  
Jokes over, it was a good laugh. But honestly now? Brexit must be single most stupid fucking cock juggling shite-twat of a idea ever!!! 
"Was that a Brexit Uppercut, not a European? ... Legit pop from Kevin Kelly, ladies & gentlemen!"— @CyrusOverHuge  
Vast majority of LP supporters want to remain. Corbyn has been pro Brexit all his life.He can't deliver manifesto they voted for with Brexit 
People don't put their hopes for public services with the Tories. LP is their only chance. Pro Brexit Labour means they have no chance 
Experts conclude Maduro's decree to call 'Constitutional Assembly' is unconstitutional. Power resides ONLY with the people thru referendum.  
Extraordinary that lab don't get this. 4 votes in my house voted lab to frustrate may's brexit. As deluded as the tories. 
Spain threatens to cut Catalonia funds over referendum  
Now after Brexit, after the rise of Islamists to Europe, we in Poland have the same as in the US, the opposition is afraid (1/2) 
Thatcher 'would not have supported Brexit'  
Always remember, Brexit is only possible because Leave won by such a huge landslide.  
Really like this @PostWarWatch interview with my pal @BilalWahab on KRG's referendum. Very well-expressed points  
Bad News for the Brexit North  
Hard Brexit  
Bank of America picks Dublin as EU base after Brexit  
#EU abolishes roaming charges, tackles credit cards.We'll lose all with #Brexit#Leave you'll have less rights!  
Nursing in the UK was already in crisis. Brexit's making it worse.  
I was too complacent over the EU referendum & did nothing. But now we can fight back. Support @LibDems Oppose #BrexitReject May & Corbyn 
Mr @OwenJones84 needs to take off his Corbynite sunglasses and see the harsh reality of #Brexit as it unfolds. Will of the people? Bollocks!  
.Brexit Britain Eh?Taking Back Control of Nothing!Losing Control of the Money in YOUR Pocket. 
Another gem from @FlipChartRick#brexit is a "big bang" project but no-one's defined what success looks like  
Bank of America chooses Dublin as its EU hub post-Brexit -   
Yawn... with a decision as huge and long-lasting as this, a second referendum to ratify the deal is entirely reasonable and democratic. 
1. A lot of people are asking what the point of #Brexit is when there is little scope for regulatory divergence. 
I eagerly await the sequel: "It wasn't real Brexit".  
Within 5 years of a normal general election, you get another one. But #Brexit would not be like that, which is why passions are so high. 
And we're supposed to ignore Vince Cable's yellow Toryism cos he's anti-Brexit? So is bloody Ken Clarke. He's still a Tory with Tory values. 
Most likely to happen in the two years:Trump steps down or is gotten rid of (Like)Brexit falls apart or kicked down the road (RT) 
Even if you believe wholeheartedly in Brexit, you and yours will suffer as a result unnecessarily. 
FinancialTimes: Spain threatens to cut public funds to #Catalonia over #independence #referendum plan 
As a physicist I can say that a Faraday cage isn't needed to prevent leakage of data from Davis's Brexit briefcase. 
Most people backed invasion of IraqMost people backed appeasement Most people backed BrexitMost people aren't always right@OwenJones84 
This is the British public rejecting reality star contestants as housemates. This is Big Brother's version of Brexit #bbuk 
The drip by drip erosion of London's financial sector. Another consequence of Brexit  
Spain Tells Catalonia Will Cut Off Funds if Used for Referendum  
Remember the hope and joy generated by the 2012 London Olympics? How did we let it all go and let #Brexit poison our politics?  
"Nobody wants that poison chalice of having to lead the Brexit negotiations" - @pollymackenzie thinks the PM is safe for now #newsnight 
I'll be bold enough to say Brexit also implicated in failure of UK to protest Saudi executions. Business at any cost now. #exitbrexit 
Portillo BLASTS European Union for not respecting Britons' Brexit vote  
Should Have Voted UKIP 
Good piece on Brexit morale collapse. Kudos to @FraserNelson for running it in pro-leave Spectator 
'The wishes of the British people' = 37% of a gerrymandered electorate?  Get real. Defending Corbyn on Brexit is indefensible.  
It's not an Brexit-xenophobia that deters Europeans from Britain, but the anti-Brexit media's false narrative of one 
Just in case any academic is researching political hypocrisy...#Brexit #TheresaMay #Tories 
Brexit: Reality bites. Now the transitional period will last years. In a year, Brexit will be a distant memory.  
The British people should get the final say on any Brexit deal in a referendum. Agree? Add your name:  
Brexit:It's holiday season: on offer some of worst ever Euro-Pound rates.Didn't notice that on side of the bus.  
Frances is right. If Brexit was help UK the pound would be flying.  
Farmers will be paid to make the countryside look beautiful after Brexit says Michael Gove  
#Brexit means Brexit...Does anybody have any deeper understanding of this ABSURD and IRRATIONAL process? #remain #stopBrexit @nickreeves9876 
As Brexit looms closer, Dublin keeps getting more and more good news.  
It is time to call a halt to Brexit  via @FT 
The Economist: "those who said only way to take EU off Britain's political agenda was to have a referendum have been proved utterly wrong". 
What the nice people who 'sold' Brexit forgot to say: byebye fresh peaches, Italian food, wine, unless for toffs. Hullo spam, tinned peaches  
Why Brexit will benefit Britain and Europe  via @CapX 
There is no more dangerous political force in the West than nationalism. It is criminal for politicians to use it as a tool.#Brexit 
Scots, Londoners, young people, internationalists, European nationals & socialists really need to have a look at Lab's hard Brexit position. 
This is so important. Stop being sheep who just accept it (what is it??j is going to happen. No one knows what Brexit means.  
Poland's government calls a peaceful demonstration a "coup"UK government calls anti-Brexit Remoaners undemocratic - traitorsDictocracy 
'What do we want'? "Taken out of the single market in a Tory hard Brexit". 'When do we want it'? "When we end freedom of movement". Etc...  
I've just finished the Ladybird Book of Brexit, it doesn't end well. 
Owen, when Brexit goes through & people realise Corbyn facilitated it for blinkered, outdated beliefs, don't go down with him. 
I've been called worse.  Actually locusts, rats & toads are most successful when they work together. A #plague against #Brexit #StopBrexit 
FT View: Finally, a healthy dose of reality enters the Brexit debate  
Decent and civilized Leavers really should take time to look at some of the abusive bigoted scum who are supporting #Brexit on Twitter. 
Most people you fight for owen are like me, no university education. On Brexit you serve them better as a honest commentator not a tribalist  
Conservatives are "hopelessly" divided and need a "grown-up" Brexit plan, Ken Clarke says  
The UK is the only (current) member of the EU that won't benefit from Brexit.Let that sink in.  
As banks move their European bases from the City the risk is that it ceases to be perceived as the centre #Brexit 
No holding a referendum with a misleading campaign and then saying people can't change their minds is a lot closer to how dictators operate 
I don't rate Brexit very high.In fact I rate it between Dysentry and Syphilis.The best thing for Brexit is no Brexit.#StopBrexit 
As of noon today, over 18,000 @PC_Alberta members have voted in unity referendum. Fantastic democratic engagement! Voting ends 6pm Saturday.  
The British people should get the final say on any Brexit deal in a referendum. Agree? Add your name:  #ExitBrexit 
The good Brexit news just keeps on coming.  
‘Yes’ vote ahead in Catalan referendum, with 67.5% turnout, says poll  
"perhaps it is now a referendum for Welsh independence that people of all political colours should be pushing for."  
My 8pm  will cover 1. Brexit betrayal via "transition" 2. Muslim Rape gangs 3. Germanistan.  
Brexit Britain: £1.6Bn extra debt payments a month through Brexit led inflation but we can't give nurses a pay rise. 
Nothing that Corbyn promises, or professes to care about, will survive post-Brexit. Labour have to - they must - stop Brexit.  
The time for independence is now. Brexit is coming and our First Minister is locked out of Downing St. Help us reach more people. RT Please.  
Labour's Peter Dowd: "The Conservatives​ are "all at sea" over Brexit talks." 
#Labour MP #BenBradshaw makes a bold prediction: #Brexit won’t happen. Read why in his guest article. Link:  
The reason why Dacre and Murdoch are fighting for Brexit!  
Cameron adviser - 16-17 year olds were excluded from the #Brexit vote to placate the Tory right. #StopBrexit #Remain #ExitBrexit 
37% of a  gerrymandered electorate in an advisory referendum with a vote built on misinformation. We don't accept that as a mandate.#Brexit 
Ive just learned something vital to #brexit which has not been highlighted before. WTF???  
Great news to see Dublin chosen by @BankofAmerica as its EU base post #Brexit @campaignforleo @Paschald 
Bank of America is moving its EU operations to Dublin after Brexit  
Another Brexit success story for the hard of thinking.   
Cambridge Analytica has now interfered in elections: Brexit, Kenya, Australia. Targeting India and now Mexico. 
."Question isn’t IF Brexit is going to damage UK’s financial services industryIt is how BAD will that damage be". 
Spend billions propping up banking,blame migrants for resulting economic crisis,wrongly blame migrants on EU,#Brexit,then banks leave anyway 
Fanny's Against #Brexit - now there's a pressure group!  
Hope you can join me for the 8pm ! I'm seething about the Brexit betrayal underway - do come along. 
Countryside Alliance respond to Michael Gove's speech on the future of the countryside post brexit.   
Amsterdam has "serious" talks with 60 firms to try to win Brexit business, deputy mayor says  
Imagine Sadiq as leader of the Labour Party. Leading a proud confident Labour Party putting the poor first. Not running headlong into Brexit  
Here @jayrayner1 socks it to Michael Gove "Continued the £350m-a-week EU lie ... a plotter, conniver.." & says Brexit a disaster for UK food  
The only good thing about Donald Trump is that he stops Brexit being the most embarrassing thing in world politics. 
#DeadRingers brilliant tonight. Brexit Bulldog is my favourite with Trump a close second but fear they may have got me to a T!!!!! 
I want an exit from Brexit. I've subscribed to the @libdems I agree with @vincecable let's #dumpBrexit save the UK. 
bang on piece from Paris.#Brexit is in trouble so be sensible and give it up, or reckless and take the UK with you 
#Spain threatens to cut funds for #Catalonia over referendum plan  via @FT 
A real Labour party would not supinely roll over and accept a vote driven by the hate & lies of Murdoch, Dacre and Desmond.#Brexit #Remain 
FT View: A healthy dose of reality enters the Brexit debate  
Bank of America chooses Dublin as its EU hub post-Brexit -   
I don't like Brexit but I also think the wishes of the British people must be honoured because I'm a democrat. 
This is UK tax base walking into other countries. Brexit greatest export success our jobs.  
 @FT : Spain threatens to cut funds for Catalonia over referendum plan  
Brexit negotiations aren't going well (what a surprise)! We must remain in the EU, there's really no other sensible option. @theresa_may 
Ken Clarke didn't hold back when he spoke to us earlier  
Because my doubts were over polling not policies and are now null and void, and I've always backed Labour's position on Brexit? 
Notice how the Tories brave new world of Brexit, has become, a damage limitation exerciseTHE UK's very existence, is under threat by Tories  
The price of Brexit. Jobs moving to Dublin.  
Big news: Cambridge Analytica, the tech firm that helped Brexit and Trump, will work in Mexico's upcoming elections  
Britain to get huge post-Brexit trade deal with Japan – Westmonster.      #fo2eu 
And after you've blown £100 billion on your Brexit that will be no problem.  
There’ll be an ‘EXPLOSION’ Barnier warns of EU meltdown if Britain doesn't pay Brexit bill [not our problem!]  
The British people should get a 'Red, White and Blue' Exit from Brexit. If you agree agree add your name  #ExitBrexit 
Party positions on Brexit: a handy guide.  
Nigeria Can’t Be Repackaged, It Is Referendum, Umu-Afor-Igbo Assembly Tells Okorocha – Orsu 24 News  
Brexit negotiations not even started properly yet & gov says we need the advantages of the EU for another 2-4 years.  
First screen shots are released of the new Brexit movie  
'Social liberalism, economic competence, staunch opposition to Brexit'@vincecable will gain much support with these 
BREXIT Democracy & especially referenda cannot function w/out an informed electorate. Our politicians have failed us. 
Great engagements across Omagh today with Martina Anderson MEP talking & listening to people and groups about impact of Brexit.  
No kiddingn Ken! 'Conservatives "hopelessly split" & need a "grown-up" Brexit plan, says Tory Ken Clarke'  
crunch time re activating Brexit contingency plans at board meetings setting FY 2018/19 plans via @MarkKleinmanSky 
Overturn is the wrong word. Reconsider advisory referendum. It's screaming from the rooftops that #Brexit is a huge mistake with no mandate. 
It never crossed David Cameron's mind that he might lose Brexit vote, Kenneth Clarke says  
my opinion as a UK born scientist is that brexit must be stopped as it is brainless stupidity 
Voting in @PC_Alberta referendum continues today. If you need a PIN or have questions, call1 800 461 4443 or go to  
Pro-indy farming followers - please contact this page's admins by DM if you would like to become a member of F4Y. #farming #Brexit 
Happy Friday fellow Remainers. Keep fighting. Brexit is failing, it can be stopped. #betterwithoutbrexit #StopBrexit 
Still awaiting any evidence that #Brexit course we are embarked on is not detrimental to the UK in every way. Just ask Theresa May.  
Bank of America to move some UK jobs to Dublin post-Brexit  
@jongaunt @talk2meradiouk Bring back State Enrolled Nurses so a degree is not necessary. Im sick of the remainers scaremongering on brexit 
Another Brexit worry for animal health and welfare . Please help flag this before it becomes an issue  
Do you support a 2nd referendum on the terms of brexit? Poll. You know what to do a remain winning by 90%+ vote & RT  
This totally explains how an 'educated and civilised nation' like the UK voted for #Brexit. Unacknowledged historical xenophobia and racism.  
BREXIT BOOM: Britain to secure massive post-Brexit trade deal with Japan. 
EU negotiators throwing every road block possible in Brexit's path  
This with 99.7k followers is using the language of genocide against Remainers. Pls report, RT & bring his account down#StopBrexit #Brexit  
I can’t wait for Brexit, the sooner the better, it’s what we voted for 
Beyond parody. The only pain I feel is the bleating from luvvieland. The only #CliefEdge it the cliff edge for democracy if Brexit denied  
Bank of America (BofA) chooses Dublin for its post-Brexit EU base  
There's a lot in Brexit-land that depresses but I don't think anything beats "Lexit" talk. Utterly self-absorbed and deluded. 
The Conservative Party is "hopelessly split" and has "no idea" on Brexit, says Ken Clarke.  
Just the start. The Tories', Labour's Hard Brexit will smash public finances - and the poor will pick up the pieces. 
Brexit: Tory Cabinet 'accepts free movement will continue for years after Britain leaves EU'  
Is this the Brexit banking exodus Theresa May told us couldn’t happen? | Nesrine Malik  
UK to back temporary free movement after Brexit, says Michael Gove  via @FT 
Exclusive: Chancellor Philip Hammond met entire Goldman Sachs board for private talks on Brexit transition deal.  
Trump, Russia, data & the firm that gave us Brexit. As FBI investigates, NY Books asks the qs that Britain ignores  
Bank of America picks Dublin as EU base after Brexit  
As long as the government stays in denial about Brexit’s drawbacks, Britain is on course for disaster. Our cover  
In London, Brussels and Geneva, the Brexit project is coming apart at the seams  
Scotland ‘expected to vote for independence and introduce its own currency’ after Brexit  
With Ken Clarke this morning #Brexit  
A furious Jacob Rees-Mogg says we must deport criminals after Brexit & the EU is putting ideology over the safety of law-abiding citizens. 
The people of South Sudan gave SPLM incredible political capital in the referendum and subsequent election. This should not be squandered.  
Decent and civilized Leavers really should take time to look at some of the bigoted filth who are supporting #Brexit. 
DUP have accepted Brexit at any cost with Tory deal .@JohnODowdSF  
Retweet if you agree #Brexit  
.@michaelgove says Brexit is a once in a lifetime opportunity to reform how we care for our lands, rivers & seas #GreenBrexit 
All these rightwingers view brexit as a means to maximise profit by diminishing workers' rights, and food, safety & environmental standards  
Michael Gove’s green dream: like Brexit, the reality awaits  
The populist phenomena of Donald Trump and Brexit have only an indirect link to the financial crisis  
Looks like the #Gambia will be getting a new constitution, to be voted on by popular referendum, in the near future:  
#2 Polticians are starting to challenge the Brexit Elite's Orwellian nonsense.  @vincecable " is beginning to think Brexit may never happen” 
Do we need a transition period for Brexit? Differing views from UKIP’s @SuzanneEvans1 and former UK negotiator to the EU Steven Bullock 
Bank of America chooses Dublin as EU base after Brexit  
Voters don’t want ‘stable’ they want a dynamic leader pushing Brexit says Jacob Rees-Mogg  
Speak to someone your OWN level: Sturgeon told she CAN'T have Brexit meetings with May  
Our DP @barford100 has just spoken to @BBCNews about future payments to farmers post-Brexit & the urgent need for a food policy.  
Here is the tweet that @Nigel_Farage deleted as it was a lie...but only after 1000 RTs. Yet more people conned by #Brexit. #StopBrexit pic.twitter.com/dtQbLhhVxP 
UK launches consultation on new aviation strategy for post-Brexit world More costs to add to Brexit. 
This govt wants to ensure a Green Brexit, developing policies on the environment & animal welfare we wouldn't have been able to do in the EU  
Michael Portillo BLASTS EU for not respecting Britons' Brexit vote  
Of course the Maybot needs to recharge her batteries. I propose a holiday in balmy Brexit Britain  
TORIES F*CK UP AGAIN!!!UK budget deficit jumps to £6.8bn in June as Brexit pushes up inflation and interest rates  
Reality Check: Is Brexit inevitable?  
Ministers now see 2022 as the natural end-point for free movement: six years after the EU referendum  via @FT 
Blow-by-blow Brexit: how the main players see the seven key areas   
More Scots voted to leave the EU in the referendum last year than voted for the SNP in June's General Election!  
Bank of America picks Dublin as EU base after Brexit  
Red, White & Blue Brexit, Grey Brexit, now 'Green Brexit'. Like £350m 4 NHS it's all marketing bs for UKIP purple Brexit that deregulates.  
.@theresa_may is gambling w/ the British people's health. Her extreme approach to Brexit will threaten access to vital cancer treatments 
EU and UK in divorce deadlock after first full Brexit talks TOTAL INCOMPETENCE ! DEEPLY EMBARRASSING  FOR UK 
So much for "Will of the People" May carrying on regardless  of Election she called & lost. Thing is she knows Corbyn is her "Brexit Lapdog"  
My comments for @HuffPostUK on the vexed question of whether UK is liable for a brexit divorce bill:   
Theresa May's government is drawing up plans to extend the Brexit process, Bloomberg learns  
Cameron's father ran an offshore fund that paid no UK tax. In 2019 the EU will clamp down on tax avoidance #Brexit 
Is this the Brexit banking exodus Theresa May told us couldn’t happen? | Nesrine Malik  
Animals ARE sentient beings - crucial legislation that we must ensure is maintained post-Brexit. Take action  
#Brexit Ken Clarke Tony Blair Nick Clegg Anna Soubry Chuka Umunna John Major Tim Farron Gina Miller & cry Owen Jones were leaving the EU.  
Erbil’s Endgame – Post-War Watch. My take on the #krg referendum and challenges of moving forward @WashInstitute 
Jacob Rees-Mogg is wary of an 'implementation phase' & rightly so !!You can't clog the Mogg !!#Brexit#Moggmentum#Mogg4PM#Moggmania 
LBC Has Retracted Nigel Farage's False Claim About Brexit  via @jimwaterson 
BofA chooses Dublin for its post-Brexit EU base  
LBC retracts Nigel Farage's 'dishonest' Brexit claim story  
'We will all be the victims of their inadequacy'. Admittedly, not as catchy as 'take back control', but a far truer Brexit slogan. 
Chancellor plans Brexit betrayal  
Spanish Gov has just imposed on the Catalan Gov the obligation to prove it's not spent any cash on independence referendum. Every week. 
I think I want a second referendum on Brexit solely for the epic shitfit it would induce in Farage. 
Businesses step up pressure on Theresa May and warn they face a "cliff-edge" on Brexit  
BANK OF AMERICA CHOOSES DUBLIN FOR EU BASE POST BREXIT(via @Reuters) $BAC 
Read John Redwood's latest diary entry, on the cliff edge myth and the 'Brexit Bill'  
WE NOW GO LIVE TO BREXIT  
18% surge in amount spent by overseas tourists in UK last month credited to collapse in value of pound since Brexit  
From today's @FinancialTimes #Brexit #nodeal 
Brexit talks are just going so well - Matt – political cartoon gallery in Putney  
We cannot save every country on the Continent, for it is up to their peoples to do so, but Brexit will enable us to save our own. 
lolsy headline of the day from Reuters:"Economists: Brexit cancellation would be best outcome from talks for British economy" 
We listened @junesarpong @MichelleDewbs. But who do you agree with...Should former PM Tony Blair help with Brexit negotiations? #ThePledge 
MEMO to PMWe DON'T want to hear from IDS,Gove or Grayling #BrexitWe NEED honest authorative statements from someone who *gets* the issues. 
Tory hard #Brexit:EU tax avoidance controls starting in 2019 will apply to Britain if we stay in the Single Market  
What should we make of Michael Gove's 'Green Brexit'? His plan for supporting farmers to improve the environment...  
#DavidDavis: Not prepared for #Brexit then. Not prepared now. Please share @Jon_Danzig’s report. Link:  
Support for Catalan independence slips as referendum nears  
Reasons for #Brexit:Tory, UKIP & DUP MEPs voted against EU tax avoidance measures.#Remain #StopBrexit #ExitBrexit 
Nigel Farage caught out over 'dishonest' Brexit bill claim, births hilarious meme  
LONG READ What will #Brexit mean for football?  by @thehuwdavies pic.twitter.com/jzdNjxUjkk 
"There have been no leaks" of our Brexit negotiating position, says Peter Bone.Not even during negotiations, it would appear!#wato 
Absolutely not - every remainer I know is more adamant than we MUST STOP BREXIT- more so with every new Brexit disaster #Remain 
Brexit can be stopped, but our argument must be remain and reform, not back to the status quo ante.  
'Europe is crashing!' Italian MP demands Italy's own EU referendum to leave FAILING bloc  
We'll regret this heavy handed approach when we need kids lemonade to strike post Brexit trade deals.  
There's an environment-shaped hole in the Government’s Brexit plans that Gove still hasn't filled.  
Vince Cable says hard #Brexit 'can be stopped' upon becoming Lib Dem leader  
BREAKING: Shock poll shows Yes in course of winning Catalonia's October 1 independence referendum with 62% of votes. 
No they don't! They believe more than ever that Brexit should be stopped! #Remain #StopBrexit 
BREXIT BACKTRACK: Britain could suffer EU's free movement of people for another 5 years. 
Are you crazy? Broadcaster skewered on Sky News for saying Tony Blair can sort out Brexit  
Ambassador @DanMulhall’s interview with @SkyNews, outlining Ireland’spriorities around #Brexit:  
Cameron thought referendum would "shut up the headbangers on the back benches"Good old Ken.  
Ken Clarke - the one man opposition to the madness of Brexit. (Labour could learn a trick from old Ken)  
#Brexit has no benefits for the country and its people.Parliament has not legally decided to leave.It's time to say NO! #RemainInTheEU! 
Big food for thought meal (2): Larry Elliott on Brexit & the left  
Is Brexit inevitable? @BBCRosAtkins and the @BBCRealityCheck team look at the law, politics and practicalities 
Michael Portillo BLASTS European Union for not respecting Britons' Brexit vote  
Ireland’s Minister for Foreign Affairs Simon Coveney has told Irish TV station RTE that the Irish Republic will not support any Brexit deal  
Who else is concerned with impact of #Brexit on their kids' future? I am & want to set up MumsAgainstBrexit group, who's in? @MumsnetTowers 
Remember Spain blocking Scot Indy saga? Breaking - Ireland will block #Brexit deal if #MayDUP deal goes ahead  via 
Leavers, we did warn you; German industry puts the Single Market above trade with Britain. #Brexit #StopBrexit 
The ECJ has no jurisdiction of EU citizens in other countries. There is no reason it should in the UK after Brexit.  
My interview with #r4today on Michael Gove's apparent environmental enlightenment.#Brexit #GreenBrexit #farming 
There's utter confusion on Brexit and Theresa May needs a serious plan, ex-minister says  
"Chickens coming home to roost; turkeys voting for Christmas.... Brexit is clearly fowl..."  
UK sidelined as Europe looks beyond Brexit in aerospace  
Germany allows dual nationality with the UK because the UK is in the EU. I can't see that continuing after Brexit.One will have to go. 
'Europe is crashing!' Italian MP demands Italy's own EU referendum to leave FAILING bloc  
Goldman Sachs boss urges long Brexit transition. He's right but is anyone listening?  
EU Cmttee launches inquiry into the impact of #Brexit on UK competition policy  #antitrust #stateaid 
#Brexit: Brussels aiming to block UK from carrying out criminal record checks on EU nationals  
For obvious reasons I want as many people as possible to read this re folly of Brexit. So if you approve pls RT.  
.@DanMulhall on #Brexit: The border prob; his "personal sadness" over the split; can Ireland become the EU-US bridge  
Singaporean tax rates & regulatory framework should be post-Brexit Britain's goal, not some idle "threat."  
Jacob Rees-Mogg MP - "These soft Brexiteers are people who have always rejected the result of the referendum."  
Suzanne Evans - "We either leave in March 2019 or we are held hostage for an indefinite period of time." #Brexit  
Lord Cockfield to be precise and why UK should want to stay in it not leave it. Hard Brexit will be economic self destructive & unnecessary  
Tories championing an historic disaster in Brexit. Their zeal to destroy driven by their lust for power. Electorate an annoying irrelevance 
The Conservatives are literally leading this country off a cliff with Brexit. Zero plan, zero strategy and no fucking good ideas. Shambles 
Michael Portillo - "Britain is different from the rest of the European Union. When we had a referendum it was taken seriously." #Brexit  
Michael Gove wants to deliver a "Green Brexit".  
On Brexit, Morgan Stanley will retain its European HQ in London and have non-EU European offices in:LondonGlasgowMoscowGenevaZurich 
It's clear that the Government have not prepared British business for the consequences of hard Brexit #LeaveWatch 
Ah, Lexit. 1, look who's driving Brexit. 2, ask why other EU govts support their industry. 3, ask why no major EU left party wants breakup.  
The UK should be out of the ECJ after Brexit! No backsliding on this. We have best legal system in the world.   
7/ Post-Brexit, UK must rebuild a credible, resilient armed forces. Not allow more cost-saving cuts that put us all in danger. OK, rant over 
UK budget deficit jumps to £6.8bn in June as Brexit pushes up inflation and interest rates  
The Economist writes that "most Remainers concede that Brexit should go ahead". Surely not? Please RT if you disagree with The Economist.  
Tories? A Green Brexit? These shameless cretins will only stop with their insulting bogus crap when ordinary people stop voting for them. 
How Post-Brexit debate works:1.) Any bad signs prove an instant Brexit effect. 2.) Ignore good signs as "because we haven't left yet". 
So now Brexit is Green.As well as Red, White and Blue.DUP will want it Orange.... Keep this up, and we may end up with an LGBT Brexit... 
I'm for a long Brexit transition phase. I have in mind one that exceeds by a comfortable margin the remaining lifetime of our solar system. 
People on low carb diets terrified of post-Brexit courgetti shortage  
Our @Adamstoon1 @EveningStandard on how this week's Brexit negotiations would look at the Open  
Frankfurt is already running out of office space for banks  
Britons are already feeling the impact of Brexit on their living standards, Vince Cable tells @mattfrei  
With @kelly_caitk16 in Omagh discussing rise of food prices because of #Brexit & sterling work done by #SureStart - fantastic organisation 
My take on the exodus of EU nationals - and other Brexit-related disasters that haven't actually happened.  
Inflation may have peaked already - and it didn't even cross 3%. The City booming. So where is the Brexit disaster?  
The influx of cheap Eastern European EU8 labor underreported in US as Brexit factor but echoed in America where gov pays folks not to work  
Brexit spin? Awful. Substance? Better than any Brexiteer hoped (esp with US talks on Monday). My @telegraph column:   
Is it my imagination, or have the unionists been awfully quiet about the latest Brexit news. 
Today @michaelgove and the cabinet said that we should not compromise on #animalwelfare when seeking trade deals around #Brexit #GreenBrexit 
I'm still hunting for someone who can tell me why having a 2nd referendum based on better information would be undemocratic. 
Sorry to say this, but I have to add Corbyn - until Labour ditch Brexit.  
I shall be glad when a collective waking-up occurs in Westminster that Brexit is a hideous mistake, and it is stopped. So will the whole UK.  
Sincere thanks to the High Sparrow of Brexit, @DanielJHannan Working tirelessly on behalf of other EU member states. 
WATCH | "Bring back Tony Blair to sort out Brexit, are you crazy?"@MichelleDewbs ridicules @JuneSarpong on @ThePledge! 
May had no right to use advisory ref as pretext for acting against national interest. There is no *will of the people* to justify Brexit. 
MUST-WATCH: It's Fox vs Fox when it comes to Brexit as he can't even agree with himself on transition deal lengths & an EU FTA. Pls RT:  
Like so much of Brexit, 'transition phase' of 2-4 years is cast in terms of the internal Tory debate ...rather than what EU27 may agree to  
100,000s of Poles march because govt wants to abuse power Declaration of Brexit was abuse of power but Corbyn MPs & voters call it democracy  
Latest opinion poll for #Catalonia's independence referendum on 1 October:YES: 62,4 %NO: 37,6 %Turnout: 67,5 % 
How many times must people fall for these weasel words before they wake up? 
Kenneth Clarke is a lone voice, OK a tory grandee, but he speaks so much goddamned sense.#brexit  
Brexit without transition is like skydiving without insurance | Simon Jenkins  
London to lose 30,000 high-paid workers as a result of Brexit  
It never crossed David Cameron's mind that he might lose Brexit vote, Kenneth Clarke says  
"Most MPs aren't for #Brexit. Neither is #TheresaMay. But they feel a duty to deliver  referendum"#KenClarke-Father of the HOC-@BloombergTV 
I love and respect you, Owen, but which part of the EU Ref was truly democratic?The push for Brexit was propaganda on an industrial scale.  
A text book illustration of the disastrous , arrogant approach to  #Brexit still being taken by the woefully out of touch Tory party  
Britain is causing utter confusion and EU can't understand what we want, Kenneth Clarke says  
The UK must defy the EU and use Brexit to slash taxes and red tape  
Ken Clarke once again demolishing the Brexit arguments & showing the pathetic nature of MPs & the British negotiating position #Bloomberg 
A Government source told me part of UK Brexit strategy is to send Dr Fox to negotiate a trade deal with New Zealand for the next 2 years  
Jeremy Corbyn "thinks he's about to become prime minister but he's not," Kenneth Clarke says  
Theresa May has realised a complete refusal to listen to business on Brexit is a mistake.- Ken Clarke tells @flacqua on @bsurveillance. 
The new Lib Dem leader wants MPs from all parties to give voters the chance to "exit from Brexit" 
"Brexit will likely be an environmental disaster, sir, & that upsets people. What should we do?""Call it a Green Brexit.""Brilliant!" 
That's the plan. Import a few million more pro EU voters and then have a second referendum. 
Glad it appears Govt accepts need for a transition period, as I argued in the Commons on Wednesday evening, in the Brexit process.... 
EU blocks UK from doing criminal checks on citizens during Brexit  via @MailOnline 
MPs:Should we sacrifice some of our ludicrous 10 week vacation to address the constitutional crisis that is Brexit, or.?MPs:Holidays! Yaay!  
3 important countries - the USA, Australia & Japan - reiterated commitment to a post-Brexit deal with Britain in the space of a few days.   
Just stop Brexit. This is a waste of time & pointless  
BBC has given great cover for Tory bad news; Hammond & public sector, Davis & Brexit, 18% rise in violent crime & increase in pension age 
His warm, generous, tolerant Brexit patriotic spirit makes me proud to be British and European  
To understand both Brexit and the rise of Corbyn, you have to understand how utterly corrupt parts of the Labour establishment had got  
Barenboim says #brexit is wrong. Spectator chappie splutters with rage.Why? Wrong is wrong. It's right to say so. 
EU blocks UK from doing criminal checks on citizens during Brexit  via @MailOnline Govt duty safety of its people! 
Rewriting laws without votes in parliament? That's how British laws could be decided after Brexit. RETWEET so everyone knows!  
Morning! Thanks for your feedback re @ThePledge last night. Lots of people agree with me that 'bringing back Blair for Brexit', is bonkers!  
The sort of Brexit problems it'd be nice to have.  
Gove's talk of a 'Green Brexit' would be way more convincing if Tories hadn't been coming out with stuff like this:  
If you are at all concerned about the implications of Brexit, please do RT this link.  
The people who sold us Brexit don't have to deliver.They'll get what they wanted & we suffer. They WANT to destabilise us.Subservience.  
Brexit needs its Lock Cockfield or its General Slim.Someone non-showy, equal to getting a daunting complex task done well.  
If a person voted for Brexit to bring immigration down and it doesn't come down, what will that person do? 
Five more years of EU migration after Brexit source says  via @MailOnline We certainly did not vote for this Betrayal 
Gripping analysis.2 options open to government #brexit die-hards: double-or-quits. Drive off the cliff, or remain. 
Brexit does not necessarily mean Brexit, says May  
This piece by the Guardian's economics editor is crucial for understanding the paper's implicit support for Brexit. 
There is a significant difference between 'survive' and 'thrive'. @LiamFox admits that #brexit is a race to the bottom.  
Another plug for my Guardian piece today about Brexit Bolsheviks (Davis, Johnson, Fox) & revolutionary delusions  
Excuse me if I believe the Rees Mogg "let's slash environmental standards to 3rd world levels" line not Gove's "green Brexit" #r4today 
So you’ve got an Irish passport because of Brexit. Here’s a guide to your new identity | Mary Bourke  
Concorde was the flying Brexit: a different era but the same mistakes  
Why the moaning? If anything can halt capitalism’s fat cats, it’s Brexit | Larry Elliott  
If you mix a Green Brexit into the Red, White & Blue Brexit, all you end up with is a Shitty Brown Brexit. Sounds about right.  
Brexit: EU won't sign trade deal if UK starts deregulation race to the bottom, Brussels warns   
Theresa May is preparing for Brexit negotiations by going on a 3-week walking holiday in The Alps. Brexit is a bigger mountain to climb   
Gove to speak at WWF today. "Farmers must earn future subsidies under new Green Brexit plan." Should be interesting.  
Revolutions are for zealots and fools – as the Brexit Bolsheviks will find out  
We're an international embarrassment #brexit  
Businesses in Britain do not want a 'no deal' outcome to the Brexit talks so ministers should now stop talking about one.... 
Oh Christ! Now Gove promising a "Green Brexit". How many Brexits now? 
Some final thoughts from me on #Brexit before I leave @IrelandEmbGB - from a speech I delivered this week.  
"It would be another referendum" - New @LibDems leader Vince Cable outlines what an "exit from #Brexit" means  
Britain will accept free movement of EU citizens for years after Brexit, @guardian says  
We voted out of Europe and now we can't afford to go there. Another Brexit success story.  
"This is proving very, very difficult, if not impossible": New Lib Dem leader @vincecable sets out his party's position on #Brexit  
Moggie smashes it again. 'We mustn't BOW DOWN' Rees-Mogg says EU has 'a lot to lose' if it makes Brexit 'difficult'  
This is an important & difficult thread. Required reading for ppl saying Brexit will be fine cos "we used to rule the world n it was great"  
Britain hasn't been this risky in 40 years  
Project Fear in ruins! European businesses says profits SOARING in Brexit Britain  
BREXIT: Britain 'can become global trade hub after we leave the EU'. 
So the EU 'demands' the UK ensure EU convicts remain here post Brexit? Deport each one the day after we leave.   
For a complete load of tosh read Larry Elliott in @guardian. He says #Brexit can deliver radical socialism-unfettered capitalism more likely 
Why should farmers receive £3bn per year in subsidies post Brexit? 
Paris, here we come. Letter of the Day @FT on Brexit......  
"If it looks like a duck..." - @Jacob_Rees_Mogg isn't keen on a Brexit transition period #newsnight 
Revolutions are for zealots and fools – as the Brexit Bolsheviks will find out | John Harris  
 So you've got an Irish passport because of Brexit. Here’s a guide to your new identity   
Then, as many of us suspected, Brexit has been nothing more than a multi party con.  EU migration is a major reason for leaving !!!! 
"Any member of Cabinet who is not working to make Britain a better place after Brexit should be removed" Simple  
Tomorrow we launch our petition calling for #Brexit to be cancelled. Come & sign in Briggate, #Leeds from 11am. 
'Transitional years of continued free movement' means Brexit deferred. Utterly unacceptable. 
Cabinet accepts Brexit transition will mean years of free movement. Let's take back control of our borders.  
This morning the BBC finally dared to report that Brexit may be stopped. First time, to my knowledge. The dam is breaking. 
Always worth looking overseas for a reality check on how #Brexit is going. Summary: a slow motion car crash.  
BBC  Breakfast news just now: Brexit is going to have a massive impact on Agriculture and current BPS system must change.  
Am off to @wwf_uk HQ this morning to hear what @michaelgove has to say about a "Green Brexit"...  
5 more years of EU migration after Brexit, source says. No, Control Borders now, stringent checks! via @MailOnline 
It is not the responsibility of the UK to bail out the EU post Brexit from the consequences of their disastrous and undemocratic policies. 
'Any member of Cabinet who is not working to make Britain a better place after Brexit should be removed' -…  
Never mind the Financial Times, here's my column on Brexit to keep you informed about what's going on  
Morning! Talking latest Brexit talks chaos on @@GMB 
The view from the Anglosphere about how the UK is managing Brexit.  
Heathrow Airport is at the heart of the UK's post-Brexit growth plan  
‘Soft Brexiteers have always rejected the referendum’ blasts @Jacob_Rees_Mogg on Newsnight  @theresa_may 
Brexit boom: UK ready for tourists to spend up to £2.4 BILLION in sensational summer spree  
There was never a plan, as Brexit was never thought through thoroughly.  
Our party can & will come together if people stop trying to make progressive causes a referendum on Bernie Sanders alone 
'Scores of Scotland's most high-profile academics & politicians have called Brexit vote to be overturned."  
Revolutions are for zealots and fools – as the Brexit Bolsheviks will find out | John Harris  
Liam Fox, we could survive Brexit, unfortunately for us "we" means the rich. 
SHARE: If you want her to stay awayTheresa May is taking a 3 week holiday despite #Brexit & her fragile leadership  
Leaving the European Union: Britain faces up to Brexit  via @TheEconomist 
Politicians voted to have a divisive, binary - advisory - referendum then falsely claimed it was a binding mandate. Politicians are to blame 
cost of living crisis is down to Brexit. chickens are coming home to roost monetary police committee must act oops   
Nah. Lib Dems weakened Tories as much as they could with the power they had. Labour reduce Tory majority and still palm through Brexit. 
‘Soft Brexiteers have always rejected the referendum’ blasts Jacob Rees-Mogg on Newsnight  #Brexit  
We're all saying it, @Keir_Starmer, Brexit needs to be stopped! Time Labour opposed this disaster before it ruins us all!!! 
My wife and I just voted in PC Unity referendum, votes confirmed. 2 more votes for a unified common sense party to defeat the NDP. 
Thats fine but Corbyn wants a hard brexit and seems to be helping the tories.No good if he stops you opposing!!  
Harold hits the nail on the head. Brexit a farce worthy of Fawlty Towers episode  
A mere drop in the ocean compared to the cost of Brexit though Mr Starmer @Keir_Starmer. Why not respect your members' wishes & #StopBrexit 
Owen, every Labour supporter I know (..I'm a card carrier) want To ditch Brexit...please open your eyes here..better Tory govt and no brexit 
52/48 in an advisory referendum is no mandate for hard Brexit. Calling a GE about Brexit and losing your majority is no mandate either. 
But #Norway has no say in EU ..it takes what  it's given. And Norway PM says not to use them as a model. The UK  is not Norway.#Brexit  
Cabinet accepts Brexit transition will mean years of free movement  
You are wrong. There will be vigorous Labour opposition to the hard Brexit Tory plans.  And many Labour MPs including me will go further.  
Cable: We need an EXIT from Brexit  
Mate, you need to stop #Brexit not facilitate it. Seriously. Do what is right for the country. 
Oh good lord. Labour's role at the moment is facilitating Government #brexitOther than that they've deliberately opted out of any influence  
Should the UK care if there is an 'EXPLOSION’ after @MichelBarnier warns of EU meltdown if Britain doesn't pay full Brexit bill? 
Five more years of EU migration after #Brexit, source says  No no No!! ! 
And there would be no Brexit without May and Corbyn.  
Pointless. Hard Brexit economic suicide. Soft Brexit just Remain without benefits. Only viable option is Remain. 
"I am probably one who would like there to be another referendum" @richardpbacon tells @afneil #bbctw 
There'd be no Brexit without pathetic Corbyn help.Beat that blunder  
Tory govt blew more than £1.1MILLION of taxpayer cash fighting Brexit Supreme Court case "every step of the way"  
Labour Brexiters should take heed that it is the EU that is seeking to protect social & environmental protections. #Brexit #StopBrexit 
The EU won't sign a trade deal if the UK waters down down environmental & social protections #Brexit #StopBrexit 
No need. Corbyn fully supports May's Brexit and even forces his MPs to vote in support of her. Whatever he's a leader of, its not opposition 
Cable: We need an EXIT from Brexit  
Nervous Brexit ministers seem to be discovering Nietzsche: "If you stare long enough into the abyss, the abyss will stare into you" 
Peter Brookes on Britain's stance at the Brexit negotiations – political cartoon gallery in Putney  
Signif Liam Fox to me at WTO: waited 43 yrs for Brexit "another couple of years" implementation phase "common sense"  
UK–EU talks could be a bit tricky. Bravo our plucky Brexit Bulldog & Master Negotiator @DavidDavisMP to fox Johnny Foreigner & see us right! 
They are a shambles, and the longer we're associated with Brexit @Keir_Starmer the closer we're associated to them. It's time for truth. 
You're insulting all those who voted Brexit by betting that they can't just look this up!  
Brexit in any form will ruin the UK for generations- stop it now, billions are already irretrievably lost, so is the trust of our allies 
Vince Cable says hard Brexit 'can be stopped' upon becoming Lib Dem leader  
Already £15bn a year is to be wasted on #Brexit, rather than ending austerity or paying for the #NHS. #StopBrexit #Remain 
A leading Brexit supporter is wary of the "implementation phase"  @Jacob_Rees_Mogg says soft Brexiters are rejecting the referendum results  
The price of racism, the real reason Brits voted #Brexit since economic collapse was obvious and widely broadcast.  
Can the destination be "Not Brexit"? 
What should Brexit transitional period look like? While negotiating trade agreement we would keep the status quo says @vickyford #newsnight 
Project Fear in ruins! European businesses says profits SOARING in Brexit Britain  
RT By Jove look who's on #Newsnight telling plebs what's best for them re #Brexit#Skypapers #Bbcpapers @LBC #r4today @SkyNews @BBCNews 
'We mustn't BOW DOWN' Rees-Mogg says EU has 'a lot to lose' if it makes Brexit 'difficult' JRM should be on Team!  
Talks went much better than expected today, according to supporters of the Brexit Secretary reports @nicholaswatt #newsnight 
Some of the transatlantic links of money and power behind 'patriotic' Brexit.#Brexit is the opposite of patriotism. #Remain #StopBrexit 
Jacob Rees-Mogg SAVAGES has-been Blair's 'dangerous' efforts to reverse Brexit  
Friday's Times: "Borders will remain open for two years after Brexit" (via @BBCHelenaLee) #tomorrowspaperstoday 
Ireland urges Britain to remain in Customs Union after Brexit  
EU rules help small businesses break into European markets. They are the opposite of red tape #Brexit #StopBrexit 
The LibDems simply need to promote a cancel Brexit ideology not a 2nd referendum if they want to make serious inroads to major parties 
Cabinet accepts Brexit transition will mean years of free movement   AT LAST THE PENNY FINALLY DROPS ! 
NOTE to PMYou so need to change your #Brexit Ministers.Davis - so far up himself he hasn't a clueFox DFDS - on a WTO ego trip 'nuff said 
New @LibDems leader @vincecable is spot on. We need an exit from #Brexit 
Could someone tell us how much Brexit is costing. 98 negotiators? And what wd that buy us? 
Calls are mounting to halt Brexit outright.  
The difference between the EU's serious and thoughtful approach to Brexit cannot be contrasted too starkly with the UK's total cluelessness. 
(Not most Brexiteers are liars.  Many are good people who believe in unrealistic things, like a Brexit that can be done at speed if at all.) 
As Brexit clock ticks, UK seems adrift—there are as many views about the direction of Brexit as there are ministers 
Corbyn is right man to front Labour's Brexit policy of tactical incoherence. No previous leader could have said this with a straight face.  
Brexit boost: British food is BEST and ready for trade declares Michael Gove   
Cable didn´t like the result of the 1st referendum so he wants a 2nd. If that fails the bald twat will want a 3rd   
As long as the government stays in denial about Brexit’s drawbacks, Britain is on course for disaster.>@TheEconomist  
Front page tomorrow: UK 'utterly unprepared' for Brexit talks, as frustrated EU negotiators call for clarity on key issues inc divorce bill  
I don't want to remain in EU if men like #VinceCable ensure bairns go hungry nor do I want to leave EU to see Theresa May do same #Brexit  
€9.6 bn of Brexit bill is MEP and Eurocrat pensions. @Nigel_Farage will be getting €71,000 pa from it. Should we pay his pension? @lbc 
Hardly news, surely?Isn't the entire #BBC dominated by anti-#Brexit, pro mass immigration, Left-wing luvvies?  
Brexit could mean you need health insurance to cross the channel. The true believers' response is "so be it".  
Entire Brexit agenda is for super rich to be beyond regulation & accountability. Dacre/Murdoch want BBC gone so they control everything. 
We've been warning of this since before the referendum.   
Congratulations to @vincecable & @joswinson our new Leader & Deputy Leader of the @LibDems Love  the new "exit from Brexit" slogan 
Labour has the power to stop Brexit. The party needs to get Corbyn out of May's pocket. 
We shouldn't even be here. 37% of an artificially restricted electorate in a rights-denying *advisory* referendum - Brexit is illegitimate.  
Ignore the cries of doom. Britain will get its Brexit deal – even if it is in the final hour   via @telegraphnews 
What would happen if a Remainer made a threat such as this made by Farage. Why does he enjoy immunity from prosecution?#StopBrexit #Brexit  
The Brexit talks are on track with Barnier sowing the seeds of compromise over the ECJ, says @HughRBennett 
"There are about as many views about the direction of Brexit as there are members of the cabinet"  
The first substantive round of #Brexit negotiations leaves officials openly pessimistic about meeting deadlines  
Vince Cable speaking for so many of us who hate what has happened to our country since the referendum. We must think again. #ExitfromBrexit 
Steve Bell on Britain's stance at the Brexit negotiations – political cartoon gallery in Putney  
Can't tell me the Conservatives are for the young when you are strangling the NHS, began Brexit and make it impossible to retire. Swine 
DON'T memtion the *S* word !Hardline IDS #Brexiter ENRAGED as Lrd Prior (Bz Minister) tells private mtg it will be softest of soft #Brexit 
Tempers flare as Greg and @thecarolemalone argue over Blair's Brexit intervention #ThePledge 
'The GREATEST vote ever!' Tory MP gives ROUSING maiden Commons speech on Brexit  
The Brexit effect: More than 500,000 Irish passports have been issued this year, and it's on pace to pass 1m  
"Bring back Tony Blair to sort out Brexit, are you crazy?" says @MichelleDewbs as #ThePledge panel debate whether he should intervene or not 
“Demand for Irish passports  has jumped by 50% since Britain voted for #Brexit” @Guardian 
How has the Brexit process affected Britain's economy so far? Here's a quick guide  
Theresa May says UK businesses won't fall over a Brexit 'cliff edge' – and is promising an 'implementation phase'  
Campaign to urge Jacob Rees-Mogg to run for Tory leader hits 20,000 signatures  via @Your Brexit 
In the decade or so leading up to last year’s referendum, politicians failed to convey the sense of a union  
Brexit Secretary David Davis & The Brexit Team return triumphant from the 2nd round of debates with EU. Photo courtesy of the Davis Estate.  
Deutsche Bank tells its 98,000 employees to prepare for a hard Brexit  
Just wondering how many hundres of millions will've been squandered before the government wakes up to the reality of #Brexit and cancels it 
New Lib Dem leader Sir Vince Cable: We need an exit from Brexit  
"Beyond Brexit: Britain and the Global Economy" speech to the Graduate Institute in Geneva @wto @IHEID 
Contemptible desperation designed to keep us in for ever and ever. Brexiteers must fight 'transition' as robustly as the referendum.  
I just joined the Liberal Democrats - An Exit to Brexit - join me here:  via @LibDems 
Lobby Group Tied to #KochBrothers, Brexit #ClimateDeniers Pushes 'Strong Pro-Corporate Agenda'  @foeeurope @350 
Who could have foreseen that the No More Referendums We Said No Party would have nothing to say on anything that isn't a referendum? 
Fascinating hour or so listening to @CarolineLucas & @yanisvaroufakis discuss #Brexit, #Europe & #Maybot courtesy of @CityBooksinHove 
@AJStream @Amaka_Ekwo @EmekaGift @POTUS @UN  Biafra children saying to world leaders "All hail biafra- Referendum Biafran' #Biafra50YearsOn 
France insists Britain pays a Brexit bill of as much as €100 billion (£89 billion)  
Barnier warns of EU meltdown if Britain doesn't pay Brexit bill Let it melt down! Maybe the end of the GravyTrain? 
I'm calling on Labour MPs to end wishful thinking that #Brexit won't happen and back a referendum on final deal.  
At first I wasn't happy about Brexit but then I asked myself if I would vote to join the EU. No! I definitely would not! #Brexit  
I wish she'd take 3 years -May To Take A Three-Week Summer Holiday - Away From Brexit And Her MPs | HuffPost UK  
“It is useless to attempt to reason a man out of a thing he was never reasoned into.”  J.Swiftchart-@Brexit#Brexit 
#VinceCable .... "What we now need is an exit from Brexit". You can't get clearer than that. #Remain 
Would you want a second #Brexit referendum? @nataliebendoes  
."As long as the government stays in denial about Brexit’s drawbacks, the country is on course for disaster". 
Liam Fox casts doubt on meeting 2019 Brexit deal deadline  
Rejection of the referendum of the Kurdish region has become an international issue, and we fear its bloody consequences 
Iran to Erbil : We do not accept this [referendum] in any shape or form, and do not expect good things from us. " 
Tories will never get the public to support paying a Brexit bill when we have paid the EU £500bn+  
EU will never be happy with what the UK offers in Brexit talks because they want total control of the UK.Get some self respect & walk away  
Intl Trade Sec Liam Fox to me at WTO "doesnt have a problem" with a "couple of years" Brexit implementation period might be "common sense"  
Lib Dems Nick Clegg anti -Brexit  weasel Tim Farron anti -Brexit old dinosaur Sir Vince Cable anti - Brexit who's listening to the Lib Dems  
The longer politicians ignore Brexit's painful trade-offs, the more brutal will be the eventual reckoning  
Stop Brexit, stop gutting public services, stop tax cuts for rich. Drop all that crap and reinvest big in Britain from the bottom up.  
Probably the single best analysis I have read of the drivers of the Brexit vote, & its looming consequences. And believe me: I've read many.  
At the heart of Brexit is arrogant British exceptionalism which is now being horribly exposed. #brexitshambles 
Reverse Brexit Vince - it's over to you and the other progressives now.  
We've got all the Brexit parties we need. There is a vacancy for remain, if you want that.  
So @vincecable has boldly gone where no leader has gone before and said 'We need an exit from #Brexit .Thank you Vince. 
Of all the angry responses to Vince Cable's "we need an exit from Brexit" -this one's the winner.  [Anything I don't like is undemocratic]  
The BBC New Class propaganda machine dictates debate & colours views on everything from 'climate' to Brexit. The BBC monster must be slayed. 
"...we need to prepare for an exit from Brexit"....you're on @vincecable !!  We remainers will be right behind you! 
Losing free healthcare in the EU may be a price we pay for Brexit  
Lib Dem leader Vince Cable's 'exit from Brexit' hope  
Not a damn thing will come out of Brexit that's good. Not one damn thing. Brexit:It just keeps on taking.#StopBrexit 
Brexit talks #MattCartoon 
'#Brexit was the greatest ever vote of confidence in the project of the #UK' - @KemiBadenoch:  via @tfa4freedom 
David Davis says "Lot to be positive about #Brexit"Shadow Keir Starmer says "Woe is me, and thrice woe"Guess which clip @BBC played? 
Undoubtedly there's more to say on Brexit today, but not from me: tonight I will simply open a bottle of champagne! #ProfessorialFeeling 1/ 
This is an EU directive that you are implementing!Given your disgraceful stance on #brexit this is, shall we say, a bit rich.  
"People voted for Brexit not because they cared about Europe, but to rub the faces of the establishment in the mud" - @yanisvaroufakis 
No we can't. Brexit in any form is destructive. Thinking we can keep the economic benefits is dishonest and highly misleading.  
So good.'The underlying reason for Brexit is the hubris and ignorance of much of the British elite'We will pay heavily for it. For years.  
Have the Lib Dems not learnt anything? New leader. Still wants to destroy Brexit. Still anti-democracy. No they haven't learnt a thing. 
West Ham sign Javier Hernandez, cheap Mexican import. Got him on the cheap because they can't afford a proper Hard Brexit player like Vardy! 
The only country nearly as dumb as Trump-America: Due to Brexit, Britons living in Europe could lose right to live in another EU country. 
Breaking Brexit: Talks fail just hours after Liam Fox boasts they should be "one of the easiest in human history"  
Vote Leave claimed that EHIC would be unaffected by Brexit. Yet another broken promise #LeaveWatch 
Read what a chaotic Brexit could mean for our airlines, hospitals, law, agriculture, trade, Irish border & citizens.  
How did Brexit Britain lose the spirit of the 2012 Olympics?  
No one has a clue about the final #Brexit deal, so how can anyone know there is a majority for it?#Remain #StopBrexit 
CAPTAIN INVINCECABLE: We need an exit from Brexit!Spoken like a true superhero  
He's on Planet ZogWe cannot leave the #EU and still retain close to current benefits, economy, jobs etc. Impossible  Stop lying. #Brexit  
So May's retail sales slump was due to #Brexit but 0.6% jump in June is entirely due to the weather. Ridiculous  
Deutsche Bank is preparing for a #Brexit outcome that's "worse than people can imagine"  
A #Brexit US trade deal will give the Tories the excuse to privatise huge chunks of the #NHS thus fulfilling one of their main dreams. 
Me boring on again. No deal will bring a chaotic Brexit to the fore  via @FT 
Exit from Brexit? I'm all ears Sir Vince! Keep talking...... #exitbrexit  
That's nothing. David Davis has '100 pages of detail' on Brexit (but then the dog ate it, so he couldn't show Barnier).  
Boots, the psychic goat who predicted Brexit, has diedI guess the carnage he saw coming was just too much to take 
As long as the government stays in denial about Brexit’s drawbacks, the country is on course for disaster.  
A late bid for the Brain of Brexit award.  
Brexiters have been saying this for ages. Now, Spanish business leaders say UK could be global trade hub post-Brexit  
#Brexit retail sales up 0.9% in June. in first year post Brexit, retail sales up 2.9%. Another one in eye for doomsayers 
Yes. It can't be fudged. There has to be a second referendum - a final Brexit battle. A Waterloo. 
Vince Cable: "What we now need is an exit from Brexit"  
Vince Cable says "we need an exit from Brexit" in his first speech as leader of the Liberal Democrats. 
New Lib Dem leader Sir Vince Cable: We need an exit from Brexit  
Vince Cable says there must be a second referendum when we have a final deal with EU to offer "an exit from Brexit" 
Vince Cable calls for "an exit from Brexit" @LibDems 
It is more likely that we shall be offered a bad deal or crash-out with no deal.  We need to prepare for an Exit from Brexit - @vincecable 
Brexit negotiations are being led by a government which is dysfunctional, disorganised and disunited - @vincecable 
Brussels bids to block UK from carrying out criminal records checks on EU nationals during Brexit process  
Complete refusal to name a single new devolved power by @GovUK not new - been promising but then not saying for months. #Brexit  
Vince Cable will outclass Corbyn and May in the Commons, especially on Brexit. A turning point in the fortunes of the Lib Dems. 
Cable supports Hammond in obstructing brexit. Fire Hammond and give his job to Jacob Rees-Mogg. No one voted for Hammonds wimp brexit 
Vince Cable has the economic expertise and credibility we need to oppose the hard Brexit alliance of May and Corbyn. Good day for Lib Dems. 
LIB DEM: Vince Cable is new leader. He was the only candidate and he wants to oppose Brexit. Not exactly democratic. 
Just like with Brexit, there is no such thing as 'Project Fear' with #climatechange, only facts and consequences.  
Insightful discussions with business leaders at PM’s new council - we want to give businesses certainty as we go through Brexit negotiations 
I'm so sick of progressive MPs in main parties talking like Brexit apologists. If Macron had behaved like you in France they'd have Le Pen. 
Theresa May is taking a 3 week holiday despite Brexit and her fragile leadership 
Congrats & good luck to Vince as new leader of the LDs. As Brexit engulfs the UK economy his experience & insight is needed more than ever. 
Met Luxembourg & Netherlands govt reps on Brexit. Shared concerns about the poor quality of decision making in London & democratic void here 
Cadbury bringing back THIS British classic thanks to BREXIT - can YOU guess which one?  
Good piece. Real pity May's secrecy let her down, as her leadership skills, team-building & grasp of Brexit all pointed to a roaring success  
British people living in the EU could lose rights as Brexit talks turn sour  
BREAKING: Brexit talks fail just hours after Liam Fox boasts they should be "one of the easiest in human history"  
You don't need to be a Catalan separatist to support the referendum on self-determination  
The number of unionists with Irish passports since Brexit shows practicality will always win out over perceived identity  
BREAKING: Vince Cable is confirmed as leader of the Liberal Democrats  
It's very simple. EU is giving UK a choice between a "special relationship" or the hard Brexit return to 3rd nation status.It's our choice.  
So true i wonder what we will be leaving our kids @BBCNews @guardian @TheLastLeg #Brexit #BrexitNegotiations 
This is Chuka tying himself up in a Brexit Gordian Knot. Time to cut through it like Alexander with a sword called Remain.  
There won't be any money in the pot to pay for public services if we go through with insane Brexit!Stop the tax haemorrhage. Remain!  
'Dunkirk' was ruined for me by the voice in my head that chirped up halfway though: "The Bad Boys of Brexit will think this is about them". 
Going ahead with Brexit is stripping me of my Freedom of Movement rights. It's appalling. 
EU wants more details from UK about British plans for criminal records checks on all EU nationals who plan to stay in Britain after Brexit 
Strong-and-Stable Brexit teampic.twitter.com/nRjF4Ucpze 
Inflation’s up thanks to Brexit. Now the chickens are coming home to roost | David Blanchflower  
Allowing any EU criminals to stay post-Brexit would be the real crime  
As long as UK government stays in denial about Brexit’s drawbacks, Britain is on course for disaster. pic.twitter.com/ChnI3ebIAB 
Never wanted to stay in the single market more. Between this and dodgy U.S trade deals, Brexit & Tories will ruin us. 
"This week shows that we progress better when our respective positions are clear" @MichelBarnier after the 2nd round of #Brexit negotiations  
Michel Barnier has demanded the gov clarifies its position on citizens’ rights and stumps up a Brexit divorce bill >  
They were very good at shouting 'no second independence referendum' but it's about all they were good for.  
For me key takeaway from Barnier-Davis presser: UK has to clarify "Brexit bill" position or talks won't progress  
And there you have it. Despite the bluster, Brexit merely takes away people's rights.  
Deutsche Bank is preparing for a hard Brexit, CEO John Cryan tells staff  
29 million of 46 million electorate did not vote for Brexit29 million unheard29 million ignored29 million with no voice to speak for us 
Electronic voting is now open for @PC_Alberta unity referendum! If you are registered, you should have received a PIN & voting instructions. 
Unilever CEO says he’ll ask Theresa May for a longer Brexit transition  
Tory MPs must rally round the PM who told them it's time to display "strength & unity" stop squabbling & get on with delivering Brexit. 
Those people saying the Government is putting out mixed messages on Brexit need to take a long, hard look at themselves...  
EU calls for 'clarity' from UK as second round of Brexit talks end  
The #Brexit press barons and Tory right want to keep their offshore tax havens. That is why they want Britain out of the Single Market. 
Reasons for #Brexit:EU tax avoidance crackdown starts in 2019 & will apply if Britain stays in the Single Market  
A British plan to check the UK criminal record of each EU citizen is a major sticking point in #Brexit talks  
Tim Farron tells us he "braced himself to go down with the ship" ahead of election where he "bet the farm" on Brexit  
Read @MichelBarnier on #Brexit and the Northern Ireland peace process:  
Brits living in the EU could lose right to live in another member state after Brexit, it emerged at the end of talks  
#Brexit was never about taking back control and hence responsibility. It was always about petulantly blaming the EU for Britain's failings. 
UK trying to weaken EU energy efficiency plans that will kick in after Brexit. It's causing resentment in Europe. 
.@MichelBarnier discusses the #Brexit financial settlement:  
The view from Ireland: The UK is still in denial over what is required for #Brexit #Remain #StopBrexit 
Woman with double-barreled surname complains #Brexit has  decreased supply of foreign nannies to wealthy couples.  
Jacob Rees-Mogg: “If we leave WITHOUT a deal: under EU, international + UK law we owe NO money.” #Moggmentum #brexit 
If you back Brexit now, you'd better really hope it doesn't happen. Because if it does, then a lot of angry jobless will know who to blame. 
Brexit: Latest 'robust' talks reveal UK and EU have 'fundamental' differences over citizens' rights 
She's not got a clue.  #Brexit is, by far, the worst needless self inflicted disaster in UK history. Pathetic   
Trump and Brexit were victories for the identity politics of those who can unknowingly and unthinkingly consider their identity the default 
Remainers... want to know why Brexit happened? Why 17m voted leave? Have a butchers at this.  
If ECJ involvement in upholding EU citizens' rights in UK post-Brexit is a genuine red line for Brussels looks like we're done here! #NoDeal 
Act now to stop companies moving jobs for Brexit, businesses urge Government #StopBrexit 
I have had two bylines in the New York Times, on Brexit and Trump Russia. I broke the Trump Russia investigation November 7th. 
Here's our second edition @EveningStandard as Britain is asked to 'clarify' what it wants in Brexit talks  
I'm offering this one to the Brexit negotiators: Threaten to launch an ICO to build a decentralised euro-derivatives clearing network. 
Liam Fox insists UK can 'survive' without post-Brexit free trade deal with the EU - The Telegraph  
Theresa May: "I'm making myself look so out of touch and stupid that I avoid responsibility for Brexit."Andrea Leadsom: "Hold my sherry"  
Citigroup says it is creating a Frankfurt trading hub. Here's a look at what banks are doing to prepare for Brexit  
Min @simoncoveney on the conclusion of the second round of Brexit negotiations. Full statement at:  
Liam Fox berates the EU for putting politics before economics, blind to the irony that that's exactly the point of the #Brexit project. 
Jacob Rees-Mogg MP - "Our position is extremely strong. We must not bow down and obey the EU." #Brexit  
With so much competition in the brexit camp, Andrea Leadsom truly is one of our greatest living idiots.  
How dare the EU demand ECJ jurisdiction in a post-Brexit UK? Would Germany (say) accept jurisdiction of American or Chinese courts? 
Andrea Leadsom says Jane Austen is one of our greatest living authorsWe dodged a bullet with her. Her hard Brexit crap should be ignored 
Was great to meet with @simoncoveney today to have open & honest discussion in @IrelandEmbGB on #Brexit Read more  
Extraordinary that EU still waiting for clarity from the Tory UK Government on all the main #Brexit issues  
Jacob Rees-Mogg MP - "Under EU, international and UK law we owe no money. That’s a very good starting point." #Brexit  
#Brexit All the boring Remoaners out in force today trying to derail Brexit, give it a bloody rest 17 million voted leave were leaving EU   
Our top story: Brexit talks end with no agreement on money, citizens' rights or Ireland  
As long as the government stays in denial about Brexit’s drawbacks, Britain is on course for disaster. Our cover  
I raised concerns about Brexit negotiations on #bbcdp and was accused of being a pessimist talking Britain down. 
The only things May & Davis are consistent on is their incompetence & their inability to recognise the public are moving against Brexit.  
Brexit has so far been the national equivalent of watching a drunk shout "Hey everyone, watch this!" shortly before being taken to A&E 
'You don't need to be a Catalan separatist to support the #referendum on self-determination', my op-ed in @Parlimag  
BREXIT: EU still wants legal control over foreign nationals living in Britain. 
Delighted @ElectoralCommUK will meet me to discuss concerns about Russian interference in EU Referendum.  
2016 Brexiters: "Brexit will be good for us"2017 Brexiters: "We might survive Brexit"2018 Brexiters:  
Theresa May biopic to omit Brexit  
Unionists should remember:We had a referendum on a parliament in 1979We had a 2nd referendum on a parliament in 1997No-one complained. 
can't believe the racist from a 2004 episode of peep show predicted Brexit  
2/2 "...requirements don't prevent a jam producer in Dundee selling to cafes in Newcastle."  Sometimes words fail even me...#Brexit #Piffle 
As Liam Fox says UK will "survive" Brexit, it becomes clear beyond doubt that we were lied to by a grubby, corrupt Hard Right cabal in EURef 
#BREAKING: #Britain says 2nd round #Brexit talks constructive, while #EU urges it to "clarify its position" 
Caught a raft of French headlines - all saying, in effect, UK is clueless and bonkers re Brexit. Can't argue. 
Every time I see BBC'S Christian Fraser or Katya Adler reporting on BREXIT from Brussels, my heart stops beating, such is their despondency! 
Today our negotiating partner says we need to provide more clarity on our positions.Brexit means Brexit.What could be clearer than that? 
A stumble at the first hurdle. If these talks descend into chaos, it will be the economy, jobs and public services which suffer #Brexit  
Barnier says it's absolutely got to be ECJ for citizens post-Brexit. But then notes EFTA court "dovetails" with ECJ #clue 
#Brexit takeaway: Barnier sounds like he actually participated this week's process. Davis sounds both scripted and like a student winging it 
Hope APC doesn't think it has the right to determine the HOW of "Restructuring" for us. This is about all Nigerians. #Referendum @elrufai  
So David Lammy wants 2016 EU Referendum ignored, the 2017 General Election ignored and all council elections in Kensington ignored? #BBCDP  
Liam Fox declares that U.K will "survive" with no Brexit trade deal.  This is a pretty low bar as well as statement of the obvious 
Even if they call a halt to #Brexit we in Scotland have seen clearly how badly they govern and they could do it all again  - need #indyref2 
"I'm encouraged by the progress we've made" says #Brexit secretary David Davis after 2nd round of talks to leave EU  
Welcome that Boris Johnson is visiting Japan, New Zealand and Australia to discuss post-Brexit trade opportunities  
BREAKING: Disagreements remain on citizens' rights after Brexit, EU's Michel Barnier says  
She probably thinks Pride and Prejudice is a Brexit manifesto. 
UK must clarify position on a financial settlement for #brexit says EU chief negotiator Michel Barnier  
EU chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier says "as soon as the UK is ready to clarify its position on finance, we will start to negotiate" 
EU chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier says the EU sees no alternative to European Court of Justice overseeing EU citizens' rights in UK 
EU chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier says negotiations with UK have showed fundamental divergence on how to guarantee citizens' rights 
Round 2 of the Brexit talks is ending. David Davis and Michel Barnier are giving an update  
Kemi Badenoch Conservative MP for Saffron Walden, not sure if this was Kemi's maiden speech but a cracking start nevertheless.#Brexit  
 LIVE: Press conference following the second round of #Article50 negotiations with the United Kingdom#Brexit  
2 days ago: Article 50 author calls for #Brexit to be halted with a warning of ‘disastrous consequences’ #StopBrexit 
#Brexit LIES, LIES, LIES. We need laws to put the liars behind prison bars.#Remain #StopBrexit 
What @LiamFox really wants from #Brexit - a truly disturbing story that puts his current comments in context:  
Brexit means Dystopia  
Pace of British construction activity slows as #Brexit delays investment - survey  
This is why many Londoners voted against Brexit. Selfish concerns about their inability to hire cheap foreign labor.  
Most voters chose Brexit. Get over it. Help the rest of us make a resounding success of it. Silly to reject democracy.  
Saint @GaryLineker helping himself to your MONEY everyday and attacking your #BREXIT! GARY you truly are a GOLD STAR WANKER! #BBC #SKY #UK 
Government's legal battle to stop MPs voting on Brexit cost £1.2m - Sky News  
The world's best & brightest are no longer choosing UK universities due to uncertainty over Brexit. 
Not to raise blood pressure anymore, but why isn't this public knowledge? Who is Brexit working for?  
@nickreeves9876 Voice of the Deluded -Liam Fox: EU trade deal after Brexit should be 'easiest in history' to get  
Trump gives Britain Brexit BOOST: UK officials to fly to US for trade deal talks on MONDAY . Way to go Donald  
Pro-Leave Twitter bots "played a small but strategic" role in the #Brexit referendum result #Remain #StopBrexit 
UK PM May must 'raise her game' consulting Scots on Brexit, lords say. Poor when HoL calling out PM!  via @bpolitics 
Well Brexit was a direct result of pandering to racism, and has resulted in an increase in racist attacks, so yes  
Here's a link to how David Davis sold us Brexit☟And here's a CBI one, showing he lied ☟ 
This was our most-read letter on Wednesday: It is time to call a halt to Brexit  
Chief Minister announces Royal Philharmonic Concert Orchestra to perform in concert at Victoria Stadium on eve of Referendum Day on 9 Sept.  
You know when the folk negotiating Brexit, think mere survival is the best possible outcome, we are well & truly f@@ked.  
BREAKING: Deutsche Bank is preparing for a hard Brexit, CEO John Cryan tells staff  
You don't really see anyone arguing that Brexit will be *good* for the country all that much anymore, hey?  
No-deal Brexit would spawn 'legal morass and economic disaster'  
It is a myth that renationalisation is impossible under EU rulesby @RCorbettMEP#Brexit #StopBrexit #Remain 
We're ready for Brexit presser bingo  
Rewriting laws without votes in parliament? That's how British laws could be decided after Brexit. RETWEET so everyone knows!  
Brexit: more than 100,000 from North, Britain seek Irish passport  
And how much of our global trade is THROUGH the EU.#brexit  
Daniel Barenboim’s Proms Brexit sermon was just poor conduct says Douglas Murray:  
To my ears, Elgar’s Second Symphony speaks to many things, but Brexit is not among them, says @DouglasKMurray  
The new City Brexit jargon, "the enhanced letterbox": move as little of your business as possible without inspiring EU repercussions.  
On our way Upper Bann 4 number of #Brexit related meetings with @JohnODowdSF; he's SF national spokesperson & works closely with SF EU team 
.@BenPBradshaw Believing #Brexit won't happen isn't enough. Please back a ratification referendum on the final deal.  
Bitter Eurocrats on Mission to ‘Punish’ Britain Will Hurt EU, Warns Top German MEP. #Brexit  
WATCH: extraordinary that hard Brexiteers in cabinet like @michaelgove have no answers on protecting the enviro after Brexit. Please RT:  
What's up with LBC'S James O'Brien - he drones on endlessly about his contempt for BREXIT & Trump. Change the tune a bit there's a good chap 
I blame the EU for Brexit. If only they'd remembered to send the English a "World's Best Country" mug on St George's day it wld hv bn fine 
Is the EU being too complacent about the risks it could face from a botched Brexit?  
UK Brexit Secretary, David Davis, releases his team's notes from this week's negotiations in Brussels. 
Fishing and farming leaders want and Scottish Gov control post Brexit, but UK Gov will not back their position in #Commons 
98% of world's biggest companies will create more globally diverse workforce despite #brexit. Great for  economy.  
Important meeting with Irish SMEs to discuss Brexit this morning. Thanks to @Entirl and @FitzgeraldFrncs for facilitating 
We voted BREXIT and nothing else will do.We LOVE Europe but the EU failed us miserably. DEMOCRACY is everything. RT if agree.   
Yes: by stopping Brexit.  
"We won't starve" is really selling Brexit to me.  
This!Sums up the #Brexit situation pretty well...@TheNewEuropean's #frontpage 
Or we can, as we should & must, remain in the EU. Chuka, what will it take to get you to act to stop the Brexit madness altogether?  
Love fact here that an imagined individual loss of £25 as result of Brexit is enough to create big Remain majority  
Mind you, everywhere I travel people are astonished by the self-harming stupidity of Brexit  
It is time to call a halt to Brexit  
'We mustn't BOW DOWN' Rees-Mogg says EU has 'a lot to lose' if it makes Brexit 'difficult'  
France insists Britain pays a Brexit bill of as much as €100 billion (£89 billion)  
‘I believe the vote for Brexit was the greatest ever vote of confidence in the United Kingdom.‘ Bravo Kemi Badenoch!  
The mother and father of all EU-turns...again. I remember when the @LibDems promised a referendum on the EU as party policy!  
New piece: 'Daniel Barenboim's Proms Brexit sermon was just poor conduct'.  
EasyJet transfers half its fleet to “EasyJet Europe” –a long way from its present HQ in UK. More #brexit job losses! 
.@LiamFox flies to Geneva to make the case for global #FreeTrade and the big opportunities for post-Brexit Britain  
Liam Fox insists UK can 'survive' without post-Brexit free trade deal with the EU  
This. Will Labour pivot at any point, or are JC/JMD going to push through Brexit at all costs? (Jobs first! Hah!)  
Tory MP Kenneth Clarke tears into Theresa May's Brexit plan - Passionate, eloquent, convincing.  
Cons dropped hints: #Brexit will be difficult/like WW2/harder than lunar-landing + #Austerity GE manifesto/to at least 2025Brexit=Austerity  
Day 2 of #Brexit negotiations  
Great newsBoost for #UK #fintech as @ReceiptBank secures huge $50 million in funding  #VC #brexit  
Great leader column in The Sun. This is the view of most people with common sense. Public patience wearing thin with Brexit blockers.  
Respecting the result of an official referendum & a democratic process is now 'Nonsense'! @ChukaUmunna is a disgrace 
The battle beyond Brexit #WorldIf 
"We want our money back," France tells Britain as the second round of Brexit talks wraps up  
Now why would you put a sneaky right wing Atlanticist like Liam Fox in charge of post-Brexit trade?  
Absolutely, particularly when you consider that Labour voted to support the Tories' Brexit regardless.  
. @OwenJones84 has become more tribal than most Tories. He doesn't mention Brexit because it doesn't fit in with his good vs evil narrative 
I wholeheartedly recommend this instead of listening to Liam Fox talking about Brexit on the radio  
Come on @UKLabour MPs enough of waiting for the 'right time' to oppose #Brexit. Do it now, you'll be much happier people! 
The discussion on my TL this morning about imperialism & the British/Brexit mindset is hugely relevant to this.  
The ghost of Margaret Thatcher is stalking the Brexit talks - and Thursday's other headlines  
No plan for Brexit, no plan for the economy, no plan to end austerity - Tories have devasted UK & worse is to come. #EndAusterity #ToriesOut 
Any Brexit would do this: "No-deal Brexit would spawn 'legal morass and economic disaster'."  
Supporter of hard Brexit, which will cause job losses & close opportunities for young etc, is not "right for today".  
Tory minister @DamianGreen skewered on new powers for Scotland from Brexit - can't name single power from so-called "Powers Bonanza" #BBCGMS 
The Federal case Tony Blair, Peter Mandelson, Nick Clegg, the Kinnocks and Gary Lineker, case closed.#Brexit  
Owen again fails to mention Brexit, the main thing Blair has been talking about recently. He's right about it and Corbyn is dead wrong. 
To Brexit champions: you will have to do better than dishing out "remoaner" jibes when defending the obvious Government chaos over Brexit 
Make no mistake - #Brexit will have a material affect on every individual in the UK. Read this @UKandEU report  /8 
This is hugely worrying and not entirely surprising: EU set to halt Brexit talks ‘because the UK is not ready’  
Thread: the clock is ticking, the government has botched the #Brexit process, the economic fallout has started + a new approach is vital 
This man has declared his house an independent republic to protest Brexit  
Sports Direct profit down to Brexit? Rubbish, it's down because public refuse to shop there due to terrible publicity re staff wages etc! 
Brexiters cheering on Brexit  
British families blame Brexit for au pair shortage  
The EU is neither equipped nor disposed to toss Britain the post-Brexit lifeline it hopes for, writes @Simon_Nixon 
We should look forward to the opportunities of Brexit rather than revisit the pessimism of Project Fear. Our response to @UKandEU report 
"Tory Minister Tobias Ellwood Goes Off-Script And Blames Brexit For Drop In EU Students" - simply telling the truth  
Morgan Stanley is moving jobs from London to Frankfurt and Dublin after Brexit, sources say  
I Will NEVER Vote for a party who gives £13 BILLION A Year to Foreign Aid Whilst our own are suffering from cuts 
How will Brexit look in 3 months' time? Pound traders are trying to figure it out  
Sadly it will be the UK poor who suffer the most from #Brexit. Who knows what new myths #Brexiteers will have to put about to explain why. 
Still thinks world revolves round Westminster....Stalling Brexit talks ‘very dangerous’ for EU – POLITICO  
The #Iraqi #Kurdish region — soon to hold a referendum on independence — is not a friendly place for journalists  
Vince Cable predicted Britain's financial crash and says Brexit can be stopped  
The EU Wants how much ? 
Gove refused to back UK position paper on Brexit  via @FT <- "two separate sources", but interesting leak. Cui bono? 
Are we not missing the point? Anyone who can negotiate a £2 million salary for Chris Evans should be our lead Brexit negotiator #BBCpay 
No-deal Brexit would spawn 'legal morass and economic disaster'  
'In a democracy, it is always possible to think again. Call a halt on Brexit' - Letter to the FT  
The cost of "no deal"; the consequences of a "chaotic Brexit"   
Last year, there was more public outcry over Bake Off than Brexit and its fallout.Nation of idiots. 
Ahahahahahahaha over a mi th before the referendum and it's Brexit voters fault? This really doesn't help you're incoherent babble 
'We mustn't BOW DOWN' Rees-Mogg says EU has 'a lot to lose' if it makes Brexit 'difficult'  
Our 'campaign' is going a lot better than Brexit, which is why all you Brextremists are terrified of a rematch because you know you'll lose!  
No-deal Brexit would spawn 'legal morass and economic disaster' & a deal will always be worse than remaining  
Financial firms are not waiting to find out what happens with a final Brexit deal. They are making contingency plans  
Don’t listen to the Brexit fatalists  
'We mustn't BOW DOWN' Jacob Rees-Mogg says EU has 'a lot to lose' if it makes #Brexit 'difficult'  
Any academic seeking a break from #Brexit or #Trump could do a lot worse than Canada 
@jkenney @boehmerB won't release donor names. Doesn't  pay off party debt. Leadership convention lost money. Referendum 0 security.  #ableg 
That's a huge part of it, which is the toxic addiction to resentment. Same with Brexit, as someone just pointed out.  
#PutinPlaybook1) #InvadeUkraine2) Begin #Brexit3) #AmericanAnnexationHE'S UP TO #3 THIS IS NO JOKE!Excerpts from 1997 book 
Brexit boost: UK officials to fly to US next week for trade deal talks   
Did the City of London Just Press the Panic Button on Brexit?   
Yet flawed morons in power lead us 2 a disastrous #Brexit based upon a flawed vote based upon flawed alternate facts from this flawed man!  
The reason many of us voted for Brexit. EU Is unaccountable, bloated and rotten to the core. #Brexit  
Gathering of great minds @unimelb on global stability, regional security, future of Europe, global trade & Brexit. Thnx @EUC_UoM! #RegGov17 
Yup. If Labour think they can pin all the Brexit blame on Tories they'll got another thing coming. We're not stupid, Starmer. 
And it's another Brexit campaigner fined for breaking law over European referendum  
whipped MPs to vote for it - & disciplined & sacked those that didn't. & recently sacked 3 more who opposed #brexit. Labour owns this too. 
The Tory manifesto turned from 'fest' to 'fast'. After the election. After Brexit it will turn from 'fast' to 'starve' as we work to death. 
Brexit: British and EU negotiators to outline progress  
Having seen today's #dailypolitics I'm still genuinely struggling to see any practical differences between Labour & Tory #brexit policy 
Cost of no Brexit deal will be “widespread, damaging and pervasive” leading academics find @CSBarnard24 @jdportes  
This is one of the two reasons which make the leave vote completely invalid. The other is the subversion of the Referendum by Putin & Mercer 
No-deal Brexit would spawn 'legal morass and economic disaster'  
Martin Wolf: The UK is incapable of managing Brexit and calamity will follow  
.@LibDems aim to be second biggest party in UK.We do so need a strong radical party opposed to #Brexit En Marche! 
Negligible drop in the ocean compared to cost of brexit. For God's sake stop this disaster. 
The grim reality of Brexit: all our best things are going to Europe  
Biggest Newfoundland and Labrador news since the Confederation referendum.  
Yes, time for those MPs who believe in the EU to stand up for the EU, and our continued membership, Brexit has become an embarrassing farce.  
#vinb A lot more than 100,000 people would sign a petition to keep #irishwater in public ownershipStill no date on referendumWhy ? 
Brexit means famine, disease and war confirms Theresa 
The always brilliant @KirstyS_Hughes of @SCER_eu on the possibilities of how to Exit from Brexit.  
Labour has covered up its ears, and put its hands over its eyes, and is whistling Dixie, as Brexit shuffles ever closer, time to get real.  
This!Senior member of #Brexit Vote Leave, @DanielJHannan absolves Hitler of killing anyone during WW2... @IBTimesUK 
Maybe we need to focus politicians' attention on what might happen to them if they force through a disastrous and unpopular #Brexit#Remain 
The reason we're here in Brexit land is because on 1/6/2012 Labour went into coalition with the Tories to keep D. Cameron as PM of Scotland.  
I am calling on @jeremycorbyn to do the right thing for the UK and work to stop #brexit. It's what the vast majority of labour voters want  
The BBC produce some wonderful programmes, but constant negative London centric liberal anti Brexit coverage let's you down... obviously  
Government's legal battle to stop MPs voting on Brexit cost £1.2m  
The Brexit effect: More than 500,000 Irish passports have been issued this year, and it's on pace to pass 1m  
UKIP support in 2015 was mainly highest in areas with low immigrant populations. #Brexit #StopBrexit 
a busy day in South Down with local community groups with real fears and concerns around Brexit. @ChrisHazzardSF @EnnisSinead @M_AndersonSF 
'We mustn't BOW DOWN' Rees-Mogg says EU has 'a lot to lose' if it makes Brexit 'difficult'  
You can see why we called Nigeria Zoological Republic and no apologies. All we want is #Biafra referendum.  
Brexit: all pain, no gain.Don't we have better things to do with our time, money, and energy?#StopBrexit 
Don’t listen to the Brexit fatalists, says @paulconnew1  
Excl: EU declares for first time that Britain cannot reverse Brexit in bid to heap on negotiating pressure;  
.Brexit continues to play into Sinn Féin's handsAn earthquake in Irish politics...... 
Our most-read letter to the editor: It is time to call a halt to Brexit  via @FTComment 
Prince George holds hands with his father Prince William after arriving in Berlin for the royal visit to Germany #Brexit  
The EU has more democratic safeguards than Britain's system which tends towards an elected dictatorship.#Brexit #Remain #StopBrexit 
MacGill Summer School: Brexit has exposed ‘false construct’ of Border  
To fight who?#Referendum is not war.#FreeBiafra #BiafraExit #BiafraReferendum 
Is Continuity Remain's logic that a Leave win encouraged shouty people & racist scumbags but that a Brexit reversal would settle them? 
The UK net contribution to the EU is a mere 1.2% of government spending #Brexit #StopBrexit #Remain 
David Davis branded 'thick as mince' in astonishing attack from brains behind Brexit campaign #ToryChaos 
They opposed:Kurdistan's flagFederalismVeto powerKurdish PresidentKirkukPeshmergaOil/gas dealsDirect exportsNow the referendum. 
Who knew Brexit could be so complicated?  by @gideonrachman 
'He wants to be President of Europe!' Farage blasts Blair over 'loathsome' Brexit meddling  
EU ambassador to US: UK doesn't understand Brexit  
Thanks @IanDunt you have reinforced my determination to fight brexit with all my heart. The Godfather. Respect #Remain 
Vince Cable explains why he thinks Brexit can be stopped  
ICYMI: Labour would be fools to say that Brexit must happen “at any cost”, writes @RCorbettMEP 
Labour's Brexit reduces public spending by £37Bn a year - it's time to be honest about it. Please sign the letter  
Brexit boost: UK officials to fly to US NEXT WEEK for trade deal talks   @LiamFox @theresa_may @realDonaldTrump 
The EU has created a world-leading scientific community which Britain in a fit of pique is now quitting (via @Scientists4EU) #Brexit  
Polls open tomorrow at 8:00 am in the unity referendum. The final choice on unity is in the hands of our members. #ableg #pcaa 
Rural communities concerned over Brexit - Anderson  via @M_AndersonSF 
YOUR COMMENTS: Simon Says - “be delusional about Brexit.”  
Brexit court cases are costing taxpayers £1.2m in legal fees, new document reveals  
Have #Brexit politicians condemned the threats of violence? Of course not! They are using the threats as political tools. #StopBrexit 
Poland!This is the #EUNever, ever, allow them to bully you out of YOUR land.Take back what's yoursFight the EU#Brexit #Nexit #Polexit 
Brexit department spent £1.2m on failed court cases, new document reveals:  
Morgan Stanley is moving jobs from London to Frankfurt and Dublin after Brexit, sources say  
Brexit won't happen - and here is why - Ben Bradshaw MP Column | Devon Live  @dontbrexitfixit @dorsetnative @trevdick 
Overwhelming public support for Single Market access + Freedom of Movement + existing EU controls #Brexit #Remain 
More importantly a significant number reject Brexit in any form.  
We just feel bad for England because they're stuck with the Tories and Brexit, so we're letting them have this one. #ENGSCO 
And it's another Brexit campaigner fined for breaking law over European referendum  
Farage CONDEMNS foreign aid funding Argentina’s fighter jets as Falklands claim continues  via @Your Brexit 
*Brexit is F***ing Brilliant... for Frankfurt*  
Dutch fishermen COMPLAIN about Britain taking back control of fishing waters  via @Your Brexit 
#Garanties A Vic ple de gom a gom.#Referèndum #1O 
.More BOLD politicians please!"I'm going to make a bold prediction.Brexit won't happen.There.I've said it." 
#Londonon launch @dugganmorrisarc @CoffeyArch @studio_haptic forging post brexit links beyond London and possibilities in LA and elsewhere  
This is getting silly now: 'UK threatens to return radioactive waste to EU without nuclear deal'  #brexit #euratom 
Very pleased to be listening to @IanDunt tonight, on "Brexit, what the hell happens now" with @harrowlibdems deep insight, learning a lot. 
BREAKING: Brexit boost as USA trade meeting organised to ‘prepare ground’ for future deal  
We must safeguard the environment after Brexit!  
"Shocking misinformation" over Brexit should lead to a second vote, says Aberdeen academic…  via @pressjournal 
Brexit will not happen 
British negotiators to tear apart case for extortionate 'Brexit bill'  
And this happened in May 16 which was before the referendum? 
Some Leavers need telling - Democracy includes the right to campaign against any policy, any majority & any government.#Brexit #StopBrexit 
From the Economist: Far from increasing Britain's sovereignty #Brexit will reduce it.#LeaveLies #Remain #StopBrexit 
On Brexit, @Jacob_Rees_Mogg tells @Nigel_Farage: No deal must be better than a bad deal  #FarageOnLBC 
#Brexit talks are bogged down at the first hurdle by "a distinct lack of British urgency" (Via @InFactsOrg ) 
From the Economist: #Brexit will result in a major loss of Britain's international influence.#StopBrexit #Remain 
#DespiteTheEU. Sustainable British cod stocks recover. The future of UK fishing, post-Brexit, is very bright indeed.  
."One of unforeseen consequences of Brexit is that it has put the issue of Irish unity on the political agenda". 
The "will of people" is changing as people pay 25% more for their holidays in the Eurozone and fear Brexit's disastrous effects on us. 
I CORRECTLY predicted #brexit would be a shitshow. Gloating 'ya but shitshow won the vote, so you a salty moron-u lost plot' is ironic LMAO! 
Yes and he spoke nonsense about UK being forced into EU army against our will. Defence Union more likely after Brexit as UK veto is removed! 
Morgan Stanley picks Frankfurt as post-Brexit hub  
 And the winner is @MorganStanley picks Frankfurt as post-#Brexit hub#banking #finserv 
Russian embassy trying to blame Britain and France for not fighting the Nazis - while the USSR & Germany were both invading Poland.#Brexit  
And then proceeded to waste billions on an unnecessary, suicidal Brexit. Brilliant record, so far #ToriesOut 
see article on need for serious thinking about Food Brexit, the most important challenge to UK food policy in 50 yrs  
Treacherous Remoaner Philip Hammond wants to work with Labour & Lib Dems to undermine #Brexit. He should be sacked!  
*Brexit Explained*  
I'm an engineer. UK born Brit. Ashamed of state of my country since Brexit vote. I will be leaving. The brain drain is not just EU expats 
At 7pm @Nigel_Farage talks Brexit, foreign aid and #Moggmentum with @Jacob_Rees_Mogg. Watch:  #FarageOnLBC 
Listening to the Parl debate on #Brexit. #Labour still talking as if there's no way back! This is disingenuous! It doesn't have to happen! 
'I believe that Brexit was the greatest ever vote of confidence in project United Kingdom' — Kemi Badenoch MP. pic.twitter.com/i4eozDdyx8 
'Brexit was the greatest vote ever' says @KemiBadenoch in her maiden speech 
It looks like the EU will not agree to further Brexit meetings as we have not agreed to pay the "divorce" bill. Just leave mate. 
Tory Brexit agenda limits opportunities for young people - Anderson  via @M_AndersonSF 
The author of Article 50 and top legal experts say Article 50 is revocable #Brexit #Remain 
EU officials have made this poster to hang in their Brexit meeting room: 
The EU has banned the rip-off fees charged on debit or credit cards. But hey who cares it's #Brexit time!#StopBrexit #Remain 
Me stopping Prof Tuck interrupting me 1 min into my response to his 1 hr talk: Brexit & the Left. See both here  
In the chamber of the @HouseofCommons for the debate on Brexit 
It seems that the Tories Brexit will stop free movement of labour to Britain but cause free movement of capital to Europe. #morganstanley 
If we called Remain something else - say *Premium Soft Brexit* - would Leave voters go for it? 
EU Britain vs Brexit Britain. The choice is yours.  
The curse of being a Remainer in Brexit Britain  
Government Minister admits #Brexit is to blame for fall in overseas students coming to study in Britain #LeaveWatch 
Vince Cable predicted Britain's financial crash and says Brexit can be stopped  
Overton Window gets wider by the day >>Ben Bradshaw: Brexit will Not Happen! – Europeanscom.eu  
It's about time everyone stopped paying the licence fee on mass. We've had enough of being fed biased anti Brexit lefty bull. @BBC  
I wrote a short article for @artukdotorg on the politics of Northern Irish landscape art (and a thought on #Brexit):  
Our most-read letter on Wednesday: It is time to call a halt to Brexit  
Morgan Stanley picks Frankfurt as post-Brexit hub  
Brexit is the least of Europe's problems: how Germany is picking up tab for Southern Europe's debt pile #Premium 
Guy Verfofstadt - ex-Belgian PM, now European Parliament's chief Brexit negotiator - is to address a joint sitting of the Dáil and Seanad 
The Brexit onion. Peel open the separation talks, find the bill. Peel that, find the UK's obligation on EU officials' pensions. By @csgmoore 
Banks is in Brexit like he is everything else - for himself. This stupid account is his only lasting legacy. An expensive trolling operation 
Repeat after me ... "Brexit is Bullshit" pic.twitter.com/uFuzyKIBOr 
Embittered Remainders would rather Britain fails than Brexit succeeds.  
Morgan Stanley chosen Frankfurt as its post-Brexit hub but will also bulk up in Dublin and Paris. Around 200 jobs could be relocated 
NO, NO and 100 times NO, I wouldn't trust @jeremycorbyn to deliver on anything concerning UK EU membership. He is dying to get a hard Brexit 
Morgan Stanley is the latest bank to pick Frankfurt as its EU hub after Brexit, sources say  
Are the wheels coming off the hard line Brexiteer arguments if they ever had any in the first place? Soft Brexit chances are increasing!  
The world doesn’t admire the BBC. You do. Why does the BBC actively seek to damage democracy by constantly trying to undermine Brexit?  
Will HMG be publishing information on the taxpayers' Nissan #Brexit sweetener highlighted by #NickyMorgan?Oh! Look over there!#BBCpay   
While we scratch & nitpick over Brexit, two EU members, Poland & Hungary, sink into anti-democratic authoritarianism  
Worrying how many people don't really understand what's going on. EU have confirmed that article 50 can be revoked. Brexit shambles  
What a shame you couldn't have given MPs a free vote on Brexit Jeremy @jeremycorbyn 
Unfortunately those pushing Brexit are consciously doing untold damage to the UK. If that's not treason, what is? #StopBrexit 
David Cameron did not have to resign on losing referendumHe did it because he had lost his moral standing #DisqualifyIqamaSharif 
'UK’s entrepreneurialism and renowned business environment point to a long-term ability to cope with Brexit'  
PA sources say U.S. financial services company Morgan Stanley has chosen Frankfurt as the site of its post-Brexit EU headquarters 
So important - we must increase apprenticeships for  & become less reliant on cheap #migrant #labour after #Brexit! #BBC #SKY #UK #EU 
Incredible to see tens of thousands of members register to vote in tomorrow's historic referendum. Voting opens at 8am MST. #ableg #pcaa 
#Breaking US banking giant Morgan Stanley has chosen Frankfurt as the site of its post-Brexit EU hub, sources tell the Press Association 
Will you be repealing this after Brexit because it is EU legislation? 
The Brexit effect: France has overtaken the UK to become the world’s top soft power, according to The Soft Power 30.  
"I’m not sure a pain-free Brexit is possible" warns Conservative Nicky Morgan, chairman of the treasury select committee. (from the FT)  
Yesss kicking the polish out to Europe because even Wenger knows Brexit means Brexit 
Fact Check: can Wales and Scotland block the Brexit repeal bill? Featuring @RWynJones @ConversationUK 
Commendable honesty from @Tobias_Ellwood - Brexit is causing EU student numbers to drop. Terrible news:  
"Catalan govt continues referendum preparations without disclosing details in face of ‘harassment’ by Spain"  
Govt minister admits: our Brexit plans are to blame for the fall in overseas student figures  
It is time to call a halt to Brexit - letter (signed by prominent Scots) in FT  via @FT 
May to stage high-powered Brexit summit for company bosses  
This Government Minister just admitted #Brexit is to blame for the fall in EU students studying in Britain  
Germany’s financial hub is taking an early lead in attracting banking businesses in anticipation of Brexit  
#TonyBlair humiliated as his own poll shows big support for real #Brexit but he still won't stop his #Remoaning!   
Cut through the #Brexit noise with our weekly newsletter  
Tory Minister Tobias Ellwood goes off-script and blames Brexit for drop in EU students  via @HuffPostUKPol 
Interesting how you can never give any valid reasons as to why Brexit isn't a total shitshow. 
A majority of Brits want to see Corbyn involved in Brexit negotiations 
Tories have two gaping political wounds, austerity and Brexit. Labour is handicapped by only being able to attack on one of them. 
... when you chuck in clear age-divide on Brexit vote, at the General Election, the generational compact starts to look sketchy 
If the #EURef had the same voting eligibility rules as as the Scottish Indyref of 2014 #Remain would have easily won.#StopBrexit #Brexit  
Credit Suisse sees a 25%-38% chance of a technical recession in Britain in the next six months #Brexit  
Polls are used to sway public actions. Make enough people discouraged, they won't go vote etc. See BREXIT, Trump exit polls for example. 
Multi #millionaire #SCUMBAG @GaryLineker who receives £1.79m a year from #BRITISH #taxpayers! WANTS TO STOP YOUR #BREXIT! #BBC #SKY #UK #EU 
Brexit Trade Sec Liam Fox calls for unity across Parliament to foil French hopes of wrecking Britain's economy by poaching financial sector. 
Have you read this? Underlying causes of Brexit 
I don't want another EU referendum. I want politicians to grow up, call the whole Brexit thing off and fix the damage they've caused 
An effective post-Brexit settlement would enable British universities to continue attracting int’l talent, contributing to a successful UK.  
More evidence that there is no appetite for a 2nd referendum. The public wants politicians to get on with the job  
#Brexit, high politics & #parlimentaryrecess should not stop the Government addressing a critical fundraising issue  
Great to be reelected Chair of @appg_brexit w Vchairs @Anna_Soubry @AndrewRosindell @CarolineLucas wrking to ensure is y ppl voice on brexit  
Why I don't think #Brexit will happen. Because of the basic common sense of the British people. My latest @ExpressandEcho column 
6 facts about the #UK's influence in the #EU:   Written before the #brexit referendum, still relevant today 
After meeting Chancellor Angela Merkel today, Prince William to talk about Brexit in a speech tonight (more a reference than rallying call) 
Martin Wolf: The UK is incapable of managing Brexit and calamity will follow  
... I mean after all the times Theresa May has U-Turned, it shouldn't be too hard to do it on Brexit#PMQs 
Former UK-EU negotiator: May is handling Brexit in the 'absolute worst way' possible pic.twitter.com/TQaZ9qJS5b 
So Brexiters how do you feel about the dropping of extra credit card charges that was the result of an EU directive...? #Brexit 
It is a mistake to think that Brexit has to happen, says @paulconnew1  
Brexit will be blamed for the rain, whats on the TV..... in fact blamed for everything. Blair is the cause of Brexit too. 
How to gerrymander a Brexit referendum  
So just who is really messing up Brexit talks?   
You can live stream Ambassador @DanMulhall's final Brexit engagement with the Irish community in Liverpool at 4pm this afternoon.  
Rephrase - Why does Murdoch use the govt to damage the BBC? #Brexit  
Apart from nonsense about massive opportunities outside EU, this is v.good on inadequacies of UK Brexit strategy  
Striking that @theresa_may not tempted by @patmcfaddenmp  to say UK won't remain in EU single market during Brexit "transition" 
Ken Clarke delivers a plague on all your houses - "bad Brexit bill" or "hard left socialist government" bad for economy 
My article on why the #LabourParty must distance itself from the Tories’ #Brexit disaster: 
German MEP warned that 2 EU’s top Brexit chiefs want to punish UK to stop other countries trying to leave the bloc  
Yet so many of them backed Jeremy Corbyn because outside of your bubble there's more going on than just Brexit.  
EU set to halt Brexit talks as 'UK not ready’. Meanwhile, @theresa_may tries to lecture others about 'not getting on with day job'. #PMQs 
Is it normal that the Leader of the Opposition has asked practically 0 questions about TMay's approach to Brexit over the last year at #PMQs 
May and Corbyn arguing about who will best protect our jobs and pay while both supporting a Brexit that will severely damage both. #PMQS 
Thanks to the EU, not to the UK government. So in 18 months we'll be paying them again. Brexit; the gift that keeps on taking away  
We're butterflies, beating our wings. One of us will trigger the hurricane that flattens #brexit.  
...they'd vote Brexit.  
Time running out to prevent banks' Brexit exodus - City of London boss  
Damning. Former UK-EU negotiator says Brexit being conducted in the "absolute worst way" possible  
@JackPosobiec live in #Warsaw showing us this beautiful city! #Trump #brexit  
There we have it, finally: an admission that the whole issue of Brexit and immigration is actually UK's own fault./1 
Or @GaryLineker 's weekly salary could pay 0.00009835% of that money you promised us the #NHS would have after Brexit @LeaveEUOfficial 
Great piece on a technical but important part of Brexit, by @csgmoore 
Brexit: the day will come when the clock stops ticking, says @davidallengreen 
British royals arrive in Berlin on second leg of European trip during Brexit talks  
The Brexit pensions nightmare explained - how much is Britain on the hook for and what will it cost to remove it?  
A word about the Brexit Bill and UK assets: What a club buys with your membrship fee belongs to the club. 
Gary Lineker: The millionaire who lives in one of the whitest areas of London while lecturing poor Brexit voters about how racist they are.  
Experts warn #Brexit could cause staff shortages for British business #LeaveWatch 
Brexit means Getting back control of a control you had but never used  
This is a cracking piece by @rafaelbehr on the politics of Brexit. 
More Brexit good news: Sweden’s biggest banks outlines plans for UK expansion 
Our Patron, Lord Tebbit, writes: "Soft #Brexit is just a euphemism for staying in the #EU."  via @Telegraph (£) 
Former UK-EU negotiator: May is handling Brexit in the 'absolute worst way' possible  
Northern Trust to Set Up EU Bank in Luxembourg Ahead of Brexit  - Welcome ! 
Tory Brexit agenda limits opportunities for young people - @M_AndersonSF 
Long after Brexit the causes of Brexit will remain. Brexit will not solve the causes of Brexit. Brexit will make the causes of Brexit worse 
Watch @LeaveMnsLeave supporter @bernardjenkin explain why Brexit is irreversible on @SkyNews 
Brilliant piece from Miriam González Durántez on why business should have a proper say in the Brexit negotiations: 
Kicking off the day in South Down with @ChrisHazzardSF @emmarogan12 @EnnisSinead hearing Brexit concerns of CDRCN  
Govt knows this. But public row over BBC pay is a fortuitous distraction from pressure on Brexit  
Peers fear areas of Scotland & Wales could 'lose heavily' from Brexit Scotland's been losing heavily for centuries  
Tories set to lose the next election due to Brexit splits, says Lord Heseltine -  
Where is your mandate to take us out of the Single Market @jeremycorbyn? Plus your mandate for supporting a Tory #Brexit?  
JOB! I need a stylistician to be half of me for the coming year @UoNEnglish while I sort this Brexit stuff out:  
Amazed this is not more widely understood. The hung parliament should have killed hard Brexit. Instead it's Corbyn's Labour propping up May.  
Check the responses, looks like Dominic has got the trolls really upset. Well done!#Remain #Brexit #StopBrexit  
37% of  gerrymandered electorate in an advisory referendum with a vote built on misinformation. We don't accept that as a mandate. 
BREXIT REVENGE: Brussels chiefs ‘desperate to PUNISH the UK’ to save EU, German MEP says  
The decision not to include the #EU Charter post #Brexit is irrational & nonsensical. See my article in @TimesLaw  
So annoying though. The Quitters simply can't give any good reason for Brexit but you have to waste all night asking again & again.  
Brexit is the least of Europe's problems; how Germany is picking up the tab for Sourthern Europe's debts. My column 
The new post-Brexit Jaguar-Land Rover line up has an excitingly defensive air.  
EU to halt Brexit talks ‘because the UK is not ready’  THIS IS DEEPLY WORRYING-DAVIS & CO JUST NOT UP TO THE JOB ! 
Brexit means famine, disease and war confirms Theresa 
Common sense dears. #Trudeau #Influencers #brexit  
There is a strong case for Scotland having different Brexit arrangements from the rest of the UK.  
Only British fishermen should be allowed in fish in British waters after #Brexit.  
Bullying was invented in 2016 following the EU referendum, says fuckwit.  
I don’t want “different Brexit arrangements”. I don’t want anything to do with Brexit. SCotland voted 62% remain.  
A hung Parliament should have meant an end to Brexit but Corbyn is handing it in a plate to May. History will judge them both as idiots. 
JUST FOUND OUT I PERSONALLY PAY EVERY PENNY OF GARY LINEKER'S TEN ZILLION POUND SALARY BAN THE BBC VOTE BREXIT FUCK DOGS LIVE LIFE LOVE LIFE 
New post: Should Labour triangulate over Brexit?   
"Shocking misinformation" over Brexit should lead to a second vote, says Aberdeen academic…  via @pressjournal 
EU's Brexit chiefs want to 'punish' Britain to stop other countries leaving, senior German MEP claims  
Brexit proves how easily, even the oldest democracy, can fall into the hands of Tyrants. 
Brexit. Not rocket science exactly, but also plainly beyond David Davis's skill set.  
The Catalan government has planned to thwart legal action by rushing the referendum through its parliament  
The UK sees these Brexit talks as an opportunity to challenge EU calculations  
"Not all the early signs point to the Brexit secretary being a reckless bluffer who is wildly out of his depth. But most of them do " 
The think-tank behind the government's most "preposterous" Brexit ideas. Must read by Miriam González Durántez. 
Brexit is no issue! China SLAMS claim UK's EU exit is bad for trade shattering ProjectFear  
FYI Hard (WTO) Brexit will cost 1m  British jobs and £100 Billion every year.  
Great news about British #cod. Now we need the UK's post-Brexit fisheries policy to keep it on our plates for good  
Only a crass, mean-spirited, #Brexit-obsessive would see something sinister in Daniel Barenboim's message of humanity, unity & love. Oh!  
What's that EU ever done for us......"The government said the move, which builds on an EU directive" 
MPs allowed the #Brexit ref to take place on the basis that "major constitutional change requires more than a simple plurality of the votes"  
All white and just one woman. Why is our Brexit team like this? | Tania Branigan  
EU competences such as agriculture should pass by default to devolved nations post-#Brexit, says EU Cmttee:  
UK holds out against EU Brexit bill demands | Theresa May to meet new business council to discuss Brexit  
I heard this morning that 98% of cod is imported into Britain. It is caught by others, processed & sent back to us. Get on with #Brexit 
Northern Ireland will be "profoundly affected" by Brexit, because of distinctive circumstances says House of Lords  
Is there enough evidence that Brexit is going to be a political/economic/country destroying failure now, or do we have to wait? 
Nothing lunatic about Barenboim spreading a message of music being European. As for lunacy: that`s what #brexit is.  
"Yet we seemed to have completely ignored all advice & any concept of there being a strategy" Former UK-EU negotiator on Brexit.  
Female MPs urge May to review Brexit team's gender balance  
Former UK-EU negotiator: May is handling Brexit in the 'absolute worst way' possible 
Senior ministers 'haven't found time in their diaries because of internal feuding and brexit'.Domestic agenda going well then.  
Project Fear shattered as Chinese commentator says #Brexit won't hold Britain back:  via @Daily_Express 
When you have to take advice from the guy who called a referendum, lost it then had to quit ...  
Former EU negotiator: May's government has handled Brexit in the 'absolute worst way'  
Farmers say freedom from 'frustrating' EU meddling a HUGE post-Brexit opportunity   
Brexit is no issue! Project Fear SHATTERS as China snubs claims UK's EU exit bad for trade  
The EU is stopping Credit & Debit card fees being applied on transactions. Thanks Leavers something else Brits won't benefit from. #Brexit 
Surely time Holyrood & WM looked again at 1707 union. It was forced on Scots, and should be revoked. England can brexit, Scots stay in EU.  
You could do your bit too Jeremy. By opposing Brexit.  
There's a "substantial" risk of Brexit talks failing, according to Moody's  
*Despite Brexit* packed question time audiences, constant packing of current affairs with Owen Jones and no Right wing equivalent 
2) like the Tories, for Labour #brexit is just a distraction from the serious business of controlling the party 
House of Lords sees the point, leaving @GOVUK very isolated...Scots 'could have different Brexit deal' - BBC News  
Brexit is going to be even worse than we thought, warns the biggest accountancy firm in the world  
Labour MP warns her party that thwarting Brexit bills makes them 'look like liars'  
Teessiders are excited about the opportunities Brexit will deliver.  
BREXIT: Britain to make Brussels sweat over divorce bill. 
Very pleased to have UK Trade Minister Lord Price here in SA today to discuss post-Brexit trade arrangements with SACU counterparts 
"Strong case" for Scotland having different Brexit arrangements from rest of the UK, say peers  
Brexit 'is now becoming just another job for the boys'  
The #EU has done far more for basic rights and freedoms in the UK in the last 40 years than our own Governments. Why would we want #Brexit? 
Theresa May under pressure to drop migration target after warning over Brexit recruitment crisis  
Cheer the end of sexist ads. But what about the Brexit and NHS lies? | Anne Perkins  
Your will Jeremy @jeremycorbyn or the will of your @UKLabour members? Your democracy or theirs? They don't want Brexit. #StopBrexit 
Brexit a 'fundamental challenge' to keeping the UK together, peers warn  
Vince Cable predicted Britain's financial crash and says Brexit can be stopped  
Anyone else noticed that every press story about Phil Hammond makes out he is Dr Evil since he opposed Brexit?  
Dear @jeremycorbyn Please try opposing Brexit, you might find it suits you.RegardsEveryone 
#Brexit is a mean spirited show of self destructive nationalism. It unintelligible. It is the dictatorship of the minority. It is failure. 
Definitely my last speech on #Brexit & British-Irish relations. The last of many!  
HUGE group letter to the FT: "It is time to call a halt to Brexit"  
Brexit only works as a concept if you believe that the UK is special; inherently better than Germany or Spain or 
Pound traders are trying to figure out what Brexit will look like in three months' time  
Can we declare independence as a means of protecting ourselves from a Brexit we have already rejected?  
How to beat the ticking Brexit clock: let British business leaders do the talking | Miriam González Durántez  
We at @BritishInEurope and our friends at @The3Million would welcome the opportunity to revisit #Brexit and its impact on #citizensrights. 
Brexit department lacks scientific adviser as talks get under way 
'They're CRAZY!' British officials vow to challenge EVERY LINE of EU's £80bn Brexit bill  
Author of Article 50 calls for Brexit to be stopped via @FT  
BREXIT BOOM: New survey puts Britain in top ten list of countries ready for global change  
Brexit bias row as the BBC warns of inflation rise... on day it falls  via @MailOnline 
. @DavidDavisMP  will REJECT the EU’s ‘extortionate’ Brexit bill demands in this week's talks  
Frankfurt has done it again, with another major bank opting to move staff there after Brexit  
Ex-Iraqi Top Security Official: Only Tel Aviv & Riyadh Happy with Referendum in Kurdistan Region 
Had to put out a correction on the referendum because the media have been preferring fake news. 
New from @amymcquire: Aboriginal Communities Continue Treaty Calls Following Referendum Council Report  
UK Prime Minister Theresa May must 'raise her game' consulting Scots on Brexit, lords say  
Point Grey MLA @Dave_Eby on his role as AG: @jjhorgan asked me to undertake consultations around referendum on proportional representation. 
BREAKING - David Davis accepts delivery of the first #Brexit unicorn on behalf of the UK.  "There's a lot riding on this deal," he says.  
Could post-Brexit Britain become the new Singapore?  
The primary question:  Who do you work for?  Debbie Lesko ponders sneak attack on voucher referendum  via @azcentral 
Proud defender of all things European! @albawhitewolf will fight to save her EU pet passport from #Brexit  
Aye, & this is precisely the cognitive dissonance that will make getting deals from Our Friends In The Commonwealth quite tricky post-Brexit 
The absence of a Stormont executive is irrelevant in Brexit negotiations ..its Dublin and Europe that matter more.  
."Brexit is ‘already damaging political stability in the North’"By @denisstaunton 
Out now: EU Cmttee report on #Brexit: devolution:  
Brexit is treason and Brexiters are traitors. Those trying to #StopBrexit are the true patriots. 
Theresa May under pressure to drop migration target after warning over Brexit recruitment crisis #StopBrexit 
#WorkingInTheEU for French ensemble @EnsPygmalion with 5 other Brits. Will this be possible post Brexit? We depend on FOM. @WeAreTheMU 
Brexit is economic suicide... I want a party that represents the truth rather than pandering to xenophobia 
David Davis abandons Brexit talks in Brussels after less than an hour  
ECJ - the Hillary's Email Server of Brexit. A small thing blown out of proportion, masking real issues & leading to disastrous consequences. 
Brexit is going to be even worse than we thought, warns the biggest accountancy firm in the world  
In 100 years historians will present Brexit as a low point in the journey of the British people the final chapter in the UK's loss of power. 
Pride and Prejudice were two of the key emotions behind Brexit, after all.  
After faux referendum, Venezuelan opposition reveals its ultimate goal: eradicating socialism through regime change  pic.twitter.com/q4tFYFq63K 
Dear @MattUDLP, Your country is stealing our cracks. Can you do anything? Doesn't Brexit include Spanish players? + Take Aythami with you  
#Brexit is reversible, says author of Brexit treaty  
Could hardly be a worse messenger for anti-Brexit message than Blair - unless he completely renounced own leap in the dark. Iraq. 
Soft Brexit is just a euphemism for staying in the EU   
It will end up very badly for those bastards who engineered brexit. Those who supported it in true fascist tradition will cowardly melt away pic.twitter.com/sML7dQMb6G 
It's curious: in most Brexit discussions I'm Cassandra in London and Pangloss in Berlin. 
I think Brexit is a national catastrophe. Yet every - every - German official I have met is gloomier than me about Britain's prospects. 
Another day, another poll showing public opinion moving away from Brexit  
Scotland has no control over Brexit. All we can do is choose a future like Denmark as an independent country within the EU. 
The @EU_Commission has said it has no problem with @DavidDavisMP leaving #Brexit negotiations early  
Do you member the days at school When you was bullied pushed around where the bullies took you're money That's the EU 
Transparency can't come soon enough to the UK side of Brexit. *Drums fingers*  
The six stages of Brexit.  
Over 7 million Venezuelans took part in an unofficial referendum to oppose President Maduro's plans.  
Brexit negotiators - oh the pain!  
'City will have to launch Brexit plans if there is no transitional deal'  
Divisions exposed over £66bn Brexit divorce bill  
That's what we voted for! Brexiteer Tory tears apart claim Brits no longer want Brexit  
Not going anywhere! Swedish bank snubs Project Fear and commits to STAY in Brexit Britain  
Europe Is Bored With Brexit and British incompetence - Bloomberg  
#Brexit: UK on course for even deeper economic slowdown than expected, consumer spending, investment hit. #Remain 
Because too many Scots were left doubting their own ability to live in a Scotland outwith the UK, we can't play the EU Brexit bonanza game.  
Lord Kerr (author of Art 50):"It is time to call a halt to Brexit. In a democracy, it's always possible to rethink."  
What have we learned from Brexit? One thing. That xenophobia isn't good for a country. 
My cartoon - MPs demand transparency on government’s Nissan & Toyota ‘sweetener deals’#Brexit#BBC1news 
Moody's: Probability of a Brexit no-deal now "substantial"  via @CityAM 
Speech to #Macgill2017 - Brexit, the Budget & Walking the Line. You can read it here  
I know there are differing opinions on the need for Brexit. But I'm sure we're all united that it's a total mess. Stop this nonsense. 
Superb presentation by @seamuscoffey #Macgill2017 The biggest threat to the Irish economy is not Brexit or Trump, he says. It's ourselves. 
. "The campaign to stop Brexit is gathering pace." . 
SHAMELESS Tony Blair to spend £10MILLION on new campaign to BLOCK Britain LEAVING EU  
Did you vote for a Hard Brexit or a Soft Brexit? 
The absurd bluster of David Davis.@rafaelbehr on Britain's Brexit delusion:  
When will it stop? When #Brexit is buried & you are out on your ear (a shabby flat in Moscow should do). We've had enough of your lies. 
Frankfurt has done it again, with another major bank opting to move staff there after Brexit  
BREAKING: @AssemblyWales has backed a motion condemning the UK Government's EU Withdrawal Bill. #Brexit #EUWithdrawalBIll 
It is time these Leftists regained their nerve and told Murdoch, Dacre, Farage, May, Fox and Johnson where they can put their #Brexit. 
Only now I realise how devastatingly brilliant @hrtbps & co-conspirators' efforts to sabotage Brexit have been ;)  
On Brexit: "Ireland is making steady progress on winning investments," says @MartinDShanahan #Macgill2017 
A Brexit that delivers, like a communism that works, exists only in the minds of the faithful.  
"I can't be against Brexit now I know BLAIR is" is like "Now I know the Nazis were obsessed with dental hygiene I'm gonna let my teeth rot." 
Chuka, are you at least listening to us?Hundreds of thousands of Lab supporters are waiting for Pro-EU courage & leadership, never Brexit.  
In fact, Maine could adopt the Medicaid expansion THIS NOVEMBER: there is a referendum to do so on the 2017 ballot!  
Cheer the end of sexist ads. But what about the Brexit and NHS lies? | Anne Perkins  
EU to halt #Brexit talks because the UK is not readyApparently that clown Davis is at the heart of the problem. 
Surviving hard Brexit will require sacrifices not seen since WWII  
Brexiteers! I suggest you organise riots in this quarter of the year because Brexit will be cancelled. Start planning now.  
#Brexit negotiations should not be led just by men, female MPs tell Theresa May  
Brexit is dying. Long live #Remain . 
If stupidity was music, the Brexit negotiating team would be an orchestra. 
"Substantial" probability of no Brexit deal if UK refuses to pay divorce bill. No deal it is then. #FineByUs 
Frankfurt has done it again, with another major bank opting to move staff there after Brexit  
#Brexit is dead. We’re just waiting for it to lie down. Tick-tock, tick-tock, tick-tock. Link to our post:  
Take racism, xenophobia & bananas out of Brexit, what's left?I don't want my country to be known as racist and xenophobic. #StopBrexit 
Thank you to all those who attended our @APPG_Brexit AGM today at Parliament. We can't wait to work with our new officers   
EU set to halt Brexit talks because the UK is not ready.  
Another day, another poll showing public opinion moving away from Brexit  
The words " #Brexit is a catastrophe in waiting. Let's negotiate one thing: an easy #Remain"  are available for all MPs with guts & brains. 
The Brexit vote confirmed what we indy supporters have said all along, that Scotland isn't an equal partner & can be overruled by England. 
Remainers WANT the UK to fail to justify their opposition to Brexit. Determined to ruin our country in order to integrate it into the EU. 
... here's part of our journey down the new post-Brexit Swing Motorway - the M4, which Cameron had turned reliably blue.  
There is no deal, none, better than staying in the EU. Time that MPs stopped messing around & just stopped the whole Brexit nonsense. 
GSK to sell its UK Horlicks biz. But although well-placed source tells me it's a Brexit Horlicks, it's not. Honest!  
The UK needs to become more patriotic after Brexit.We must back UK business,UK workers,UK values & put our country 1st  
Women! Brexit is a job for the men! If any gender is capable of f**king everything up, it's us! Know your place!  
... Brexit is the theft of our modern progressive European country by liars for their own profit by gutter press mis-info to fool gullible  
I always though Americans were a bit odd in the way they love their flag - I get it now. #EU #Brexit  
Any sensible person understands that makes zero sense, a screwed up hard Brexit all but assures indyref2, and a most probable YES victory.  
The author of Article 50 has called for #Brexit to be halted as its "disastrous consequences" become clear  
We are very reliant on European staff - 96% drop in number of EU nurses registering since Brexit #guardianlive 
"At some point @UKLabour have to say 'OK, here's where we are on Brexit'."  
WATCH: Jacob Rees-Mogg fires at Labour for wasting Commons time  via @Your Brexit 
Government have announced HS2 is going ahead & that's it !!Pity the fecking morons cannot be so bloody decisive on Brexit, fecking wasters 
Once might be chance, two almost certainly isn't.Is #BBC "suggesting" to artists they include an anti-#Brexit gesture in their performance?  
Fight against Brexit has phases. Stage one only spoke to the believers, now we must speak -kindly and honourably - to the rest of country 
I have written to the PM saying that we need more female voices at the #Brexit negotiation table:  
#Brexit means more economic freedom and international prosperity—the UK must reject a "soft Brexit."  
And If Davis, a Brexit ideologue, can't be bothered, Remainers can hardly be criticised for not getting on board. 
'Halt Brexit' appeal from north of border  
Of course it can, on two or more different policy issues. On Brexit the problem isn't that it's Tory *lite* but that it's Tory *identical*.  
Tony Blair insists Britons don't want Brexit but his OWN opinion poll reveals we DO  
Very well said  Letters: Why we believe it is time to call a halt on Brexit  
Imagine there's no #BrexitIt isn't hard to doNo hell all around usAnd no BoJo tooImagine all the EULiving life as one.#StopTheMadness 
BRITAIN Overwhelmingly Supports Brexit, Border Control, Finds Tony Blair's Pro-EU Think Tank. Surprised?      #ma4t 
THIS is the tweet where Trump made clear that the 2018 election is a referendum on Trumpcare. He wants more votes.CC: Voters.  
We heard you have a new role @michaelgove. Brexit or no brexit. #StopOverfishing 
.@BBCScotlandNews blaming #Brexit for uncertainty in economy. So it isn't the threat of #indyref2 after all? Who would have guessed it? 
This poll is for diehard Remainers who mistakenly believe that the British people are LESS supportive of Brexit than they were on 23/06/16.  
Soft Brexit is just a euphemism for staying in the EU. That's why we Tories can't accept it  
Campaign urges participation in #referendum for democratic break with #Franco’s #Spain  #Catalonia #HistoricalMemory 
Chaos. EU set to halt Brexit talks ‘because the UK is not ready’  
Brexit is "a disastrous mistake for the country" - Tony Blair.Watch the full interview:  
Farmers say freedom from 'frustrating' EU meddling a HUGE post-Brexit opportunity   
Whether or not you support Brexit, this is a crazy situation. Govt are acting with extreme irresponsibility 
BBC Is an EU funded proper Ganda news channel 
There is only one kind of Brexit. There is only one possible outcome from it. And yet we keep moving towards the inevitable disaster. 
Dr raheeq sb pat should file petition in supreme court asking for referendum about colonial state system 
.@DebbieLesko ponders sneak attack on voucher referendum.   via @azcentral 
How about the many jobs already lost because of Brexit? You know ... the ones you said would be 100% safe  
56 female Labour MPs call for May to urgently review Brexit team's gender balance (of 9 civil servants just 1 woman)  
Female MPs urge May to review Brexit team's gender balance  
Watch my speech - UK Govt is out of ideas & running scared of scrutiny, new @ScotTories sit on their hands. #brexit  
Leave supporting twitter hacks have so few constructive ideas regarding Brexit. Perhaps this is because complexity means compromise. 
Tories in chaos as Brexit backstabbing explodes into war and splits the party  
London, come explain Brexit to me next week.  
“The great British Brexit robbery: how our democracy was hijacked”  
Report confirms Brexit's boomerang logic on data protection  by @riptari 
Battersea has a tradition of openness, internationalism and cooperation. I will stand up for that tradition, especially on Brexit.  
TERROR: EU will try to interfere with British terror laws after Brexit, Lords warn. 
Farage on the £50 note, Craig Shakespeare on the £20, Nigel Pearson on the £10, Thatcher on the £5. Hard Brexit money triggering nancy boys 
They haven't seen half of it yet. If Brexit is pushed through and remainers' lives and businesses wrecked, there will be huge anger. 
Brexit: the view from Germany(via @notesofberlin) 
Leavers whine about Remoaners, but this is what you get by trying to push through a massive & contentious change on a tiny majority#Brexit 
EU to halt Brexit talks ‘because the UK is not ready’  
China commentator Diane Wei Liang dismisses claims the UK won’t be able to find new business partners after Brexit.  
London to lose 10,000 banking jobs, 20,000 financial services roles—clients move €1.8 trillion of assets on Brexit pic.twitter.com/mGKQbloE0h 
'In a democracy, it is always possible to think again. Call a halt on Brexit' - Letter to the FT  
Brexit negotiations resumeBy @DaveBrownToons in @Independent pic.twitter.com/lTwbKDAjc8 
"Brexit could end flights between UK and EU" Check the (alarming) detail behind the headline on my DoorstepEU App:  
Yes. Quality signing. Proper hard Brexit goalkeeper. Welcome Joe 
Our most commented-on article right now - Author of Article 50 calls for Brexit to be stopped  
I'm positive that Brexit is a disaster. 
Venezuela's opposition basks in "referendum" success, claiming over 7 million people voted while gov't casts doubts  
I just backed Will Of The People: A Brexit Bedtime Story on @Kickstarter 
What are Henry VIII powers? And what have they got to do with Brexit?  
There is no deal, none, better than staying in the EU. Time that MPs stopped messing around & just stopped the whole Brexit nonsense.  
My view on the Brexit case.  
A LibDem petition to stop brexit needing min 200 people. Please take the time to sign it. Thanks.  
Coming soon to your wallet, a new £10 note. It's about 20% smaller, to reflect the #brexit fall in spending power 
Govt meeting w top business execs leaves them "dismayed" at the lack of preparation by the govt over Brexit  
Great to be representing @bycLIVE at the AGM for the All Party Parliamentary Group on a Better Brexit for Young People  
Swedish bank Handelsbanken CEO Anders Bouvin is “equally optimistic” about his company’s future in UK after Brexit.  
Britain must stand firm on Brexit and cut immigration  
"@AdamPlatt1999 GOP having trouble repealing Obamacare for same reason UK having trouble w/Brexit: Policies were sold on false pretenses."  
UK's lobbying against EU #energyefficiency targets post #Brexit is shameful:  
Amongst commentators, anti-Brexit opinion is hardening. Amongst voters: not so much.  
Constructive @LabourCHR meeting together with @BritishInEurope at @HouseofCommons raising our concerns on #citizensrights post Brexit  
Brexit: the day will come when the clock stops ticking, says @davidallengreen  
Over 7 million Venezuelans took part in an unofficial referendum to oppose President Maduro's plans.  
Soft Brexit is just a euphemism for staying in the EU, warns Lord Tebbit  
Rather than £100bn on Brexit divorce bill, wouldn't it be better spent on bringing UK's cancer survival rate from worst to best in Europe?!  
The stupidity & arrogance of the British State that thinks a visit of Royals to Europe will ease #Brexit They have advanced democracies! 
Great! #Selfdetermination #BiafraReferendum #FreeBiafra Support Call for Biafra REFERENDUM @UN @POTUS 
No deal? Our @UKandEU analysis of the costs of a "chaotic Brexit", from fish to pharma to citizens' rights, will be published Thursday am. 
Have you ever listened to @DanielJHannan on Brexit and thought "By golly Daniel, you sure are bonkers!"Turns out you were right.  
In explaining how a successful Brexit could happen, @davidallengreen in effect shows that it won't. 
My plea to @jeremycorbyn: Listen to Labour members on #singlemarket and second referendum.#Brexit 
This @politico snippet sums up UK's idiotic approach to Brexit, alienating allies with mindless obstructionism. Govt just can't face reality  
Thank you @FullFact for investigating question of Eurotom and what leaving Brexit could mean for cancer treatment and why need to ask!  
Nobody in Europe cares about #Brexit anymore. No plot or punishment, just indifference. Worst situation for UK.  
WATCH: Aussie high commissioner TAKES APART EU claims that UK will lose trade over Brexit  
Farmers say freedom from 'frustrating' EU meddling a HUGE post-Brexit opportunity   
Galloway says Blair and 'millionaire friends' will do anything to thwart Brexit 'miracle'  
What I was told about why Cummings was not in Downing Street post-Referendum: "No one would agree to be his registered keeper."  
Author of A.50 urges the govt to halt Brexit as "disastrous consequences are now becoming ever clearer — every day" 
Tom McDevitt, Chairman of @nytimes, told Kurdistan24 independence is important step, #referendum comes at "right time." #TwitterKurds 
Wanting #brexit is like wanting the NHS shut down, to have classes of 60, to have post war rationing and to put cancer research back decades 
Is there ANY good Brexit news? ANYTHING??  
Almost £1 for €1 in local ATMs. Cheers Brexit. Dumb fucks who voted for it will be complaining about the price of a beer too I'll bet. 
It's great how many Brexit hobbits got doctorates in economics in their Cornflakes today, just in time for the inflation figures 
If you scroll accounts using #MoggMentum you'll see they're mostly dual Brexit/Trump puppets with loads of violations to report them for... 
A year ago today I solved the "how to advertise Brexit Britain" conundrum...  
It wasn't Corbyn, but Remain MPs - especially Keir Starmer - who successfully pulled wool over voters eyes on Labour's Brexit stance. 
Frankfurt has done it again, with another major bank opting to move staff there after Brexit  
This is good on Labour's Brexit confusion by @stephenkb - the only ones who understand its impact are Corbyn & co 
Weirdly have sympathy with Corbyn over Brexit. He's always supported leaving. Remainers trying to ascribe a stance to him he's never held. 
Our new ICOM UK Chair, Tonya Nelson, introduces her vision for ICOM UK incl #Brexit @IcomOfficiel + #SARAT  #museums 
Martin Wolf: The UK is incapable of managing Brexit and calamity will follow  
Figures from across academia, arts and business in Scotland are calling for an end to the damage #Brexit is causing 
"It's still early, but Brexit vote looking increasingly disastrous"  
An important read. @theSNP has fostered growth & lower unemployment, but Brexit poses a real, serious threat that Tories must face up to.  
British police may be barred from sharing data with EU counterparts unless a deal is reached  
Should Jacob Rees-Mogg be Prime Minister after #Brexit is complete? #MoggMentum RETWEET & VOTE #yourvoice 
Isn't it wonderful after 20 yrs of UKIP's failure 2 produce a Brexit plan we decided to experiment with 66 million British lives.  
Author of Article 50 calls for Brexit to be halted, warning of ‘disastrous consequences’  
Brexit: Support for a second EU referendum is growing, finds poll - The Independent  
Former Met Police boss: #Brexit could threaten public safety through loss of data-sharing with EU  
Article 50 author says country 'needs to think again' about Brexit  
Davis does not want a negotiated settlement, he wants an excuse to blame EU for the hard Brexit he & co conspirators are angling for.  
This type of information is now being published almost daily..Brexit uncertainty hits Scottish economy,  - BBC News  
Statement by @NickyMorgan01 on the Brexit reassurances offered by the Government to Toyota and Nissan  
.@ChukaUmunna – Former Met chief’s comments shows hard Brexit could make British people less safe  
Brexit is no issue! Project Fear SHATTERS as China snubs claims UK's EU exit bad for trade  
By using such rhetoric Corbyn is giving credibility to the Tory claims that #Brexit will be good for Britain. 
Instead we have Corbyn encouraging people to believe the lie that there is such a thing as a 'jobs first Brexit'. 
What I want to see is Corbyn doing what it says on the box... Being a Labour leader defending Labour goals by staying in the EU.#Brexit. 
Dear Uhruruto, Maduro deployed these familiar monsters in VENEZUELA and the people voted in a referendum to send him home #UhuRutoInKwale 
My thoughts on whether the UK govt's Brexit "Repeal" bill will end up repealing basic rights protections, including the EU rights charter.  
Brexit and the Mainstreaming of the Far Right  
Today together with @BritishInEurope we're at @HouseofCommons to discuss #citizensrights post #Brexit at workshop hosted by @LabourCHR 
Expecting the BBC to educate and inform about Brexit is a little like leaving it to a Creationist to explain evolution. 
Watch @AusHouseLondon explain why it’s important for the UK to have a global outlook on trade post-Brexit  
"Let's have a referendum to change the constitution because Scott and Larissa couldn't be bothered to check their citizenship status" 
Brexit is actually really hard confirm millionaires who stand to inherit everything but brains 
Brexit 'could boot French fishermen out of British waters'  
In a recent poll over half of Brits say they want #Brexit even if there ends up being no deal.  
Labour’s manifesto pledged to end free movement. This means leaving the Single Market & respecting referendum result  
WATCH: Great question from @TonyLloydMP, who warns that this Govt's Brexit policy is already starting to hit investment into Britain:  
Cam didn't care.He thought he'd win it anyway. Ought to be considered one of the worst PMs inUK  history.#Brexit-#DavidCameron 
and also need hard brexit to avoid enacting the EU directive on tax avoidance, whcih the tory & media moguls are terrified of!  
Brexit will help renewable energy says @Jacob_Rees_Mogg 
Fmr top cop warns public safety could be threatened after Brexit unless Govt "gets its act together" on data-sharing  
The previous referendum on Europe was 67 / 33.I missed the bit where "Leave" voters simply shut up & accepted it forever.... 
Another day, another lie... Oh wait, they recycled yesterday's scaremongering lie.@LeaveEUOfficial promised we would be safe after Brexit..  
#Zakharchenko,In the near future the Constitution of the New State Little #Russia will be worked out,it will be approved at a #Referendum.  
#EU’s is prepared to “stall” Brexit talks over the UK government’s unwillingness to present proposals for calculating the exit bill 
If freedom of movement is lost the citizenship of any of the EEA 31 will be better than UK citizenship. How they mighty are fallen!#Brexit 
"Labour’s official line on Brexit sounds stupid because it is stupid": @stephenkb 
That was her election gambit: The country is united behind Brexit, parliament is divided. Strengthen my hand. And now... cabinet at war  
The referendum was supposed to settle the question of EU membership. once and for all.But a year later, more controversial than ever. 
Because nothing says verified libtard like thinking everyone who voted for Brexit hates Europe and doesn't want to visit or trade with it.  
Sixty leading Scottish figures call for Brexit to be halted  
What happens when your manifesto is drafted hastily by a Corbynista clique. #brexit  
Kurdish official says technical preparations are in place for holding referendum on 25 Sept.  
It went up last month, due to Brexit uncertainty, apparently. The reason for the fall will be, Brexit uncertainty  
.@MaryCreaghMP rightly brings up Treasury analysis which shows that Brexit trade deals will not make up losses from leaving SM. Please RT: pic.twitter.com/G7mLWem8va 
The @BritishInEurope and @The3Million are still waiting to know more about #citizensrights after Brexit. This anxiety is unbearable. T+1 day  
Sad and predictable. I warned a year ago about UK racing to the bottom post Brexit@FlipChartRick @Independent 
London economy suffering 'wobble' over #Brexit worries - think tank  
See @IanDunt in Harrow 'Brexit - what the hell happens next' 19/7 at 7pm with @harrowlibdems - all welcome   
Support for second EU referendum growing, says latest poll  
There is a real chance that #Brexit won't actually happen.1. Public opinion has shifted.2. Negotiation complexities.3. Undeliverable. 
#art50 author asks 4 #brexit halt and rethink  @BrexitBin @Bregretears @MarieAnnUK @UFE_Bresistance @remainintheEU45 
If you're at the @royalwelshshow next week, be sure to attend one of our seminars. We're kicking off the week with a spotlight on #Brexit  
British lawmakers say data must move freely after #Brexit  More UK politics updates here  
Sixty leading figures call for Brexit to be halted - BBC News  #Referendum2018 #ScotRef 
Whoa, Russia supported Brexit and Trump, and then both the US and the U.K. Got sidelined in global policy?Oh. Mazel tov.  
Yes, in same way as there is no freedom of movement to Australia, but UK citizens still travel to & work in Australia & vice versa.#Brexit  
The EU will be transparent in the negotiations - the Parliament's Brexit Steering Group docs are available here:  
UK inflation slowed unexpectedly last month - does this mean the post-Brexit squeeze on households easing?  
Tuesday’s most-read letter to the editor: It is time to call a halt to Brexit  via @FTComment 
London: Plummeting business confidence & drop in the numbers of Europeans registering to work #Brexit #StopBrexit 
#Brexit for universities: “The impact is going to be somewhere between bad and disastrous" @UniAlliance 
Unsure about the implications of #Brexit? You can check the regularly updated @UniversitiesUK FAQs page:  #HighEd 
Pound slides from 10-month high against dollar after Britain's inflation unexpectedly slows  
Delighted to have signed this letter and join many distinguished Scots in calling for a halt to #BREXIT  
Michel Barnier v David Davis in the #Brexit negotiations is a bit like Real Madrid v a pub football team.  
'That is not going to work' is a good general comment on pretty much every Brexit proposal from the UK government....  
"But Anna Soubry is good on Brexit". Anna Soubry voted against Labour's Article 50 amendments, including protecting EU citizens' rights. 
'He wants to be President of Europe!' Farage blasts Blair over 'loathsome' Brexit meddling  
Brexit Britain. Rude. Stupid. Ridiculous.  
Politicians everywhere would do well to remember the strength of pro-EU feeling in Scotland. Brexit only happens if we let it.  
The EU is threatening to stall EU brexit talks. Britain cannot allow this type of threat to be part of negotiations. Walk away and end it. 
Surviving hard Brexit will require sacrifices not seen since WWII  
New chair of the Treasury Select Committee says a "pain-free Brexit" is unachievable #LeaveWatch 
Govt continues chaos over 'no deal' Brexit - SIGN if you agree it's time to drop ridiculous & damaging mantra:  
Brexit is like demolishing your house only to spend millions rebuilding it to look the same and just to say you've built your own house. 
Already happened to me in Albania. Young guy in cafe asked where I'm from. His response - 'London? Oh, UK! Brexit, ha ha!' 
Looking forward to that point where everyone who loves Nigel Farage has no money because of Brexit and notices he still lives in a mansion. 
Getting down to business... #Brexit negotiations resume. My cartoon for today's @Independent. 
Then I'm on holiday, sweet Jesus, and if anyone on that trip mentions Brexit I'm going to start crying. 
There's a step that has been missed out of the #Brexit nonsense. After the advisory referendum, MPs should have had a debate about what to 
Brexit: What the hell happens now - talk and Q&A in Harrow tomorrow night   
Check out the devastating impact of Brexit on the UK's Overseas Territories.This is a MUST WATCH video for Remainers !!!  
The UK  will put a lot of effort & time in2 #Brexit talks with EU then realise the only thing we can do  is walk away 
Don't let them whitewash Brexit 
Brexit uncertainty hits Scottish economy, say PwC. No comment (or even interest) from Ruth and the Scot Tories?  
Today's @guardian cartoon #Brexit  
NO - 2/3rd back NOT having a second referendum- can you lefties not count?  
blair wouldn't have to intervene on brexit if the political class wasn't failing us so badly. my @TheScotsman column 
This article can't be tweeted enough; highlights the invalidity of Vote Leave's facts in the absurd 2016 referendum. 
Third of voters back second referendum on Brexit, poll suggests - Politics live  
Left-wing Remainers won't stop Brexit alone... Right-wing regretters will tip the balance. 
Jolyon's new strategy is trying to persuade the Conservatives that Labour Party members will vote Tory if they break their Brexit promises.  
 Inflation falls to #2.6%inJune easing wage pressure.It will ease further as brexit vote inflation drops out of index 
The EU line "You signed off a 5-year budget, so you must keep on paying after Brexit" is just daft. It's a try-on. We must just say NO. 
Massive self-own by Brussels bringing paperwork! Got completely owned when Team Brexit rolled in TV trolley and stuck on Ross Kemp on Gangs.  
The BBC must be devastated. Their whole "We need a pay rise because of #BRExit inflation" narrative is collapsing  
Ireland is deeply troubled by the prospect of Brexit  
Paris hopes for hard #Brexit to steal London's financial hub - leaked memo  
Over-privileged Scots establishment who threw our country away to SNP and 3rd division Nat luvvies want to cancel democratic Brexit vote.  
Time to start thinking ahead to post-Brexit policies - escaping the EU is an opportunity to lower food prices  
Brexit food shortages to turn allotment owners into gods  
UK students ask in History lessons "How did Germans let Nazism happen?" Will Germans students ask "How did British let #Brexit happen?" 
Tories in chaos as Brexit backstabbing explodes into war and splits the party  
Brexit: the day will come when the clock stops ticking, says @davidallengreen 
It is time to call a halt to Brexit  via @FT 
Lord Kerr: we need to halt Brexit immediately.  
Sixty leading figures call for Brexit to be halted, the number will grow!  
We export 2 and a half times more to EU27 than the UK. EU bloc is by far our most important trading partner. #trade #Brexit  
2/3rds of people against a 2nd referendum is how this should read but fakenews @guardian can't help itself  
Come off the soft Brexit fence, Chuka. No more equivocation. Simply say "The ref was advisory. Brexit isn't working. We should Remain."  
Despite all stories re Brexit fears/worries, worth remembering millions of ppl CAN'T WAIT for 2019. @SimonClarkeMP: 
The threats of violence, are of course, meant to portray Remainers as those provoking violence by trying to overturn 'democracy'.#Brexit 
Try to imagine him using podium to call for brexit. The BBC would've cut him off.  via @telegraphnews 
Big majority of #Labour members want UK to stay in single market.Only 8.8% oppose having referendum on #Brexit deal 
As @thetimes sees the Brexit negotiations....  
This cartoon from the morning after #Brexit still seems apt  
A diplomat told me #Brexit's "not really about the Scots or N Irish or even the Welsh. It's about a nervous breakdown in English society."  
Brexit is going to be even worse than we thought, warns one of the world's biggest auditors  
How Brexit should be done  - good piece by @DavidAllenGreen, in constructive mood... 
We've been lumbered with a generation of politicians, both Tory & Labour, who don't even understand the basics of the EU or FTA's. #brexit  
Sixty leading figures from across Scottish society call for Brexit to be halted  #Brexit  
Article 50 author and ex-ambassador Lord Kerr and 65 other Scots: "it is time to call a halt to Brexit"  via @FT 
Yes I'm confused why we Remainers are unpatriotic for questioning Brexit but no one taken to task for Leaver threats (no matter how veiled) 
If it is perceived that #Brexit threats of violence have obtained political results then we are on a very slippery slope.#StopBrexit 
Dublin becoming very outspoken on Brexit progress or lack thereof, on multiple fronts - important development...  
.."That is not going to work": Irish Foreign Min @simoncoveney  "technical solution like cameras/ preregistration" re Brexit Ireland border  
Brexit is starting to tear apart both main political parties with majority of MPs against it and Labour voters overwhelmingly support remain 
The BBC are now using the Proms to fight Brexit, when will the lunacy stop?  
Today's @thetimes cartoon  #Brexit #cabinetmeeting 
An important contribution from across the political spectrum: 60 leading figures call for Brexit to be halted - BBC  
"There is no coherence" says Irish economy minister: @MichaelCreedTD re UK position on Brexit:  
And yet another #Brexit problem: 
Brexit is "a disastrous mistake for the country" - Tony Blair.Watch the full interview:  
Brexit.  
Brexit risks police’s ability to fight crime by taking UK out of “mission critical” databases claims Lords report  
Was there ever any doubt that this #brexitshambles wouldn't be a self-inflicted catastrophe? 
Telegraph reporting the Brexit talks like it's Master and Commander:  
Author of Article 50 calls for Brexit to be stopped. Cue some idiot calling him a boat-jumping enemy of society 
Brexit Minister David Davis, continuing the good work, by making us look like petulant babies on the international stage via @guardian 
Time running out to prevent banks' Brexit exodus - warns top boss at the City of London  
Lots of us here have started tweeting manically about Brexit: either UK politics has gone mad and we are sane. Or things are fine/we're mad. 
EU officials & experts insist there IS a risk to medical isotopes after Brexit despite UK claim of "scaremongering"  
Imagine the torrent of outrage if Remainers threatened or predicted violence if #Brexit goes through.#StopBrexit #Remain 
Scots need to realise that Brexit won't be stopped and they will have a decision to make.  
Sixty leading figures call for #brexit to be halted  #UKtoStay 
78% of Labour members want a 2nd referendum – @ProfTimBale 
What are impacts of Brexit on Scottish institutions? #bbcgms asks of Henry McLeish. Maybe BBC Scotland could get out there and report them. 
Author of Article 50 calls for Brexit to be stopped  
Hear this a lot from Brexit supporters who have no intention of working on the land themselves but are worried about their fruit and veg.  
#TuesdayThoughtsThere isn't a Brexit that can be imagined that pleases more than a small number of people 
The UK won't get a “pain-free #Brexit” and will have to prepare for a significant possible blow to its economy  
Brexit could disrupt vital data sharing crossing borders.Why didn't anyone warn us about this. #brexitshambles  
As @MichelBarnier said @UKLabour the clock is ticking. Your hard #Brexit position, out of Single Market, is no longer tenable-Time to change 
Sixty figures from Scotland call for Brexit to be halted 
#brexit so farUK had sovereignty all along,NHS won't get £350M, UK doesn't pay £350m, Immigration won't stop, GDP , price, UK divided 
More than 60 leading Scots sign open letter calling on UK Govt to halt the Brexit process. Former First Minister Henry McLeish #bbcgms 0810 
Have you seen the average age of a Brexit voter, what kind of rioting would you imagine them undertaking? 
Brexit - a 2nd referendum is urgently needed - Sign the Petition!  via @UKChange 
Rewriting laws without votes in parliament? That's how British laws could be decided after Brexit. RETWEET so everyone knows!  
Have spent more time negotiating a mobile phone contract than Davis spent in brexit talks yesterday 
Author of Article 50 calls for Brexit to be stopped  via @FT 
"England's endless wish for special treatment: Tories seem sure the EU will concede in Brexit negotiations. Why??"  
David Davis leaves Brussels after less than an hour of Brexit talks  
V serious interview w Lord Condon on @BBCr4today - both on dangers of policing cuts & risk of losing data access due Gov approach to Brexit 
BREXIT: Britain launches 'line by line' challenge to EU's £85bn divorce bill. 
So far as I am concerned they are lower than verminGoveNothing changes, with Tories@BJennings90 nails Tory #Brexit non-strategy..  
Jeremy Corbyn should be involved in the Brexit talks, says Guy Verhofstadt  
The debate is starting: Author of Article 50 calls for halt to Brexit. #NoBrexit must be an option for UK.   via @FT 
One referendum. Abolish the senate. Problems solved. 
Tonight on #TheDrum: Larissa Waters, Home Affairs super-ministry + Peter Dutton's new role & the Referendum Council's advice to #auspol 
It's time to start listening to experts again. Ignore demagogues like Michael Gove. Heed the industry leaders on the #Brexit frontline.  
Citigroup becomes the latest bank to pick Frankfurt as its EU hub after Brexit  
Over 60 prominent figures from Scottish civil society urge the UK to reverse course on #Brexit  
Really looking forward to the online membership consultation on Brexit.  
A number of seats made history by voting Tory – united only by a determination to get Brexit says @SimonClarkeMP 
Public sector workers and private sector workers are underpaid. Brexit will make that worse  
You're dreaming, mate. In 2004 I helped abolish ATSIC, a tied, corrupt waste of public money. Shadow Parliament referendum idea just as bad!  
Findings on BREXIT from the LAB members survey  
Hammond's Brexit transition's right as it meets Biz needs for certainty. Plotters should shut up or put up  
Just 8.8% of LAB are opposed to 2nd referendum according to new survey.  
A great website with Brexit news in one place:  
It is time to call a halt to Brexit  via @FT 
BBC Today programme: "There's no doubt that Brexit is the huge iceberg ahead". No bias there, then. 
Brexit 'has begun damaging London's economy,' warns think tank report  
'Brexit WILL happen and Government prepared for no transitional deal' Chris Grayling says  
Big majority of Labour members 'want UK to stay in single market': only 4.2% agree with official Labour #Brexit line 
Steve Bell’s If ... chaos reigns in the Tory cabinet Brexit mission  
87% of Labour members want the Single Market. 78%, a Second Referendum. Huge electoral gains for the Tories if they offer what Labour won't.  
The UK 'faces a future of food insecurity and rising prices' after Brexit  
Author of Article 50 calls for Brexit to be stopped - rightly so!!  
What Brexit slowdown? UK housing market shrugs off concerns as property prices creep up  
David Davis leaves Brussels after less than an hour of Brexit talks  
Will Human Rights Still Be Protected After UK Brexit?  
Britain cannot achieve a ‘pain-free’ Brexit, warns Nicky Morgan  
UK 'sleepwalking' into food insecurity after Brexit, academics say | Politics | The Guardian  
This is way too complex an argument for the US debate, but has anyone noticed repeal-and-replace is structurally identical to Brexit? 
2010: this is a referendum on Obamacare2012: ok THIS is a referendum on Obamacare2014: Obamacare gives you Ebola2016: but seriously  
Britain and the E.U. begin Brexit talks with citizens' rights proving divisive  
If you still support Brexit you're not rational. You are a fixated Brexit extremist and leaving the EU is an ideology not a reasoned action. 
Two year delay means 2018 is a full scale referendum on repeal of Obamacare. 
The Brexit paradox is how you can be obsessively opposed to something you don't understand. It's like banning football because it kills cats  
He forgot to say "input from doctors and citizens." We should have a national referendum. Our bodies, our money, our lives. 
Congratulations to the Referendum Council on completing the Final Report. You can read it here.  
Holding a referendum after 2 elections with the new voting system is consensus building. Thanks @GuyCaronNPD. 
This PPV is a referendum on values and decency -- not just Mayweather's but also our own.  
Referendum is now further away, says Burney after council calls for 'voice to parliament' #auspol | NITV 
"It's still early, but Brexit vote looking increasingly disastrous"  
Prof. Anu Bradford, who coined term "Brussels effect," explains why it's getting stronger in post #Brexit EU​  
UK less safe if ministers fail to retain access to “mission critical" European intelligence services after Brexit.  
If brexit was done perfectly it would be a disaster for UK - god only knows how bad it will be as these half-wits make a pig's ear out of it  
Blair REFUSES to change mind on Brexit - British people stand by referendum vote. Prosecute him for taking us to war  
Fantastic that @acgrayling supports our fight against Brexit and the National #StopBrexit March at #conservatives in Manchester on 1 October 
Great to see @campbellclaret stating importance of fighting against Brexit and to have his support for UK #StopBrexit March in Manchester 
This unhappiness in the Conservative Party is making me very sad Tories at war as splits emerge over Brexit:  
Enough. This Brexit charade has gone on long enough. Let's now return to the world where 16 year olds don't hang themselves for being Polish  
"The United States will not stand by as Venezuela crumbles," Trump said after Sunday's nonbinding referendum  
Opposition in #Venezuela organizes unofficial referendum of its own to gauge public support or rejection for National Constituent Assembly  
#CPEC effectively abdicates the Indian-held Kashmir; permanent military presence in Pak-held Kashmir means no referendum under UN Res. ever  
."Scores of senior figures [are] BREAKING a FRAGILE CONSENSUS accepting last year's referendum". 
Lib Dems: It's past time we stopped faffing about w Brexit, favour revoking A50 & work w EU to make it better The planet needs our attention 
Due to gross lack of competence and insignificant lack of planning, the UK #Brexit team have thankfully been replaced#brexitshambles #pmht 
Let's go with this  Author of Article 50 calls for Brexit to be stopped  
Here is the segment with Congresswoman @RosLehtinen on Venezuela tonight after the weekend referendum there   
FAM, YOU ARE FROM ESSEX. SHOULDN'T BREXIT HAVE TAKEN CARE OF YOU ALREADY?  
“In a democracy, always possible to think again & choose a different direction. We need to think again about Brexit" 
Brexit Shock: Vote Leave campaigner tells the truth! 
Brexit is the symptom of a nation that's not at ease with itself, there is no simple solution to this political mess  
Dear Brexit Britain, this is not a new idea, the Nazis called it 'Landjahr'. Like their other ideas it was a ideological nonsense.  
Head of Vote Leave thinks Brexit "may turn out to be an error" and our head negotiator is "thick as mince". Aha.  
This by @stephenkb on the mess of Labour's Brexit policy is both clear-eyed and profoundly depressing  
'The sheer incompetence of the May government can be relied upon to undermine the case for Brexit on a weekly basis'  
Venezuelan opposition calls for nationwide strike, after unofficial referendum rejects Maduro's constitutional plans  
In Bristol this Tuesday? Come to this. I'll be speaking alongside @JolyonMaugham as we romp through joys of Brexit. 
It's totally implausible, unless the EU overturns its negotiation guidelines on this. Let's live in the real world, not Brexit Fairyland.  
Every time Blair pops up on Brexit, I remember this:  
On this 1st day of Brexit negotiations, EU officials voiced mounting frustration over Brits lack of preparedness for serious negotiations  
Electorate is shifting & people change their minds as facts become clear - @TheGreenParty pledge on referendum on Brexit terms is essential  
“Does the fact that the British people voted for Brexit mean that I think Brexit is right? - No” says Tony Blair #newsnight 
For months we & 1.2m @BritishInEurope have been told #citizensrights are #brexit priority. Looks like flying back to London is.  
Lyanna Mormont by far. She should be negotiating Brexit. 
As we agitate to halt Brexit: new rallying cry for Remain: 'Too much pain for not much gain.' 
#Brexit means #Britain facing #Food insecurity, academics report: 
"It's still early, but Brexit vote looking increasingly disastrous"  
I bet in one of those EU countries he supposedly dislikes, grumbling about the price of a G&T soarinf since the Brexit £ fell  
Theresa May’s Gov secures £240m UK investment from Toyota after Brexit pledge - Express  
Crikey! listening to Chris Grayling, it's worse than we thought, the Tories have NO idea what to do about Brexit, no plan, nowt! #Newsnight 
Royal toddlers now being used  blatently and unashamedly by the British state as Brexit pawns - desperation time in the UK corral! 
The EU has a history of rejecting any democratic vote that doesn’t align with the Brussels master plan  #Brexit 
David Davis branded 'thick as mince' in astonishing attack from brains behind Brexit campaign - Mirror Online  
Brexit talks and Tory Cabinet in-fighting by Morten Morland - political cartoon gallery in Putney  
This is a really good 'Briefing Room' with @DAaronovitch trying to make sense of Labour's position on Brexit.  
"If Remainers are to have any chance of blocking Brexit, they have to find a response to the democracy argument" - I'll have a go. 
Brit Min. David Davis spent all of "two" hours at the #Brexit negotiations 2day -Tories/DUP haven't a clue - all over the place #dangerous 
Tories in chaos as Brexit backstabbing explodes into war and splits the party 
I'm sorry but looking at our govt, it's hard to believe their cunning #Brexit negotiation strategy was not devised by this man...  
37% of a gerrymandered electorate in an advisory referendum sold as mandatory for a 4 word catch-all slogan & a vote based on lies#Brexit 
Tony Blair’s own poll shows people do want Brexit  
A brave PM - I know we don't have one - would now sack Davis, Johnson & Gove and go on TV & explain to the nation why Brexit is bollocks. 
New poll shows public think Brexit was right decision  
We need MP's to be brave enough to call out the folly of brexit once they do and see they have the public on side the rest will follow 
The more I see Davis's vacuous gurning versus Barnier's professionalism the more I'm hopeful that Brexit will crash and burn. Keep it up. 
Indefinite limbo the unappealing battle cry on Brexit? Worth reading this piece by @pollytoynbee 
Now don't be silly. The referendum was Leave or Remain. Not Leave a bit, soft, hard or anything else. Out, completely, fully. 
Please Labour Party members get ur leader @jeremycorbyn to listen &change his mind. Soft Brexit is cross party & about UK future prosperity  
"Tories need to be more inspiring," says the man who called an unnecessary referendum and dumped us all in Brexshit  
There really are no words for this.  David Davis leaves Brussels after less than one hour of Brexit talks  
David Davis returns from Brexit talks after lightning Brussels trip  via @FT THIS IS DEEPLY WORRYING ! 
Fault line that runs through Tories over Europe that burst during referendum has blown up again, writes @BethRigby 
Soft Brexit is just a euphemism for staying in the EU. That's why we Tories can't accept it #Premium 
Frankfurt set to benefit from London's loss of operations after Brexit. Nice one, Leave voters   
Tories set to lose the next election due to Brexit splits, says Lord Heseltine -  
If they don't give us The full Brexit!  
David Davis leaves Brussels after less than one hour of Brexit talks  
Good write up of the position of EU and UK citizens after Brexit - with my comments  
Coffee and biscuits fuel Brussels Brexit talks buzz  
Davis: Basically have to sit here until absolutely certain won't be any riots when we cancel Brexit.Barnier: Please stop wasting our time.  
"It's still early, but Brexit vote looking increasingly disastrous"  
Martin Wolf: The UK is incapable of managing Brexit and calamity will follow  
At the end of this process, its absolutely vital there is clear red water between Theresa May’s job-destroying Brexit and Labour's position 
Day two of Brexit talks – and the UK looks as underprepared as ever | Jennifer Rankin  
BoE reports in 3 months to June credit card defaults rose @ fastest pace in 8 years. #Brexit now doing real harm to struggling families 
So people who voted Brexit being called 'racist'.Utterly disgusting.You're not racist!You voted for your country's freedom. 
TBH I voted for Brexit which remoaners have renamed "hard" Brexit to make it sound terrible.Sounds even better to me! 
In GE17 May said if she lost 'just 6 seats'Corbyn would be negotiating Brexit.She lost 17.RT if you think she should deliver on that promise 
Would the UK voters base their opinion on Brexit based on the opinion of Nigerians? 
What do Brexit, Trump and 2017 election tell us about how politics is changing? My interview with Tony Blair in full  
Things are now so grim in Brexit Britain - there is no hero riding to the rescue – but it’s not too late to rethink  
One city has emerged as the big winner in the battle for Brexit bankers  
This is @Nigel_Farage’s response to Tony Blair’s “loathsome” Brexit intervention.  
Can Brexit be stopped? Not by a second referendum | Polly Toynbee  
.@DavidDavisMP, without preparation notes, expedited the meeting with @MichelBarnier very quickly (2h). Is it a #Brexit No Deal scenario?   
Living it up in Ibiza. Shall I get a Brexit tattoo? 
The shooting in Venezuela happened as voters were heading to an unofficial referendum  
Brexit: 'Real risk' UK could run out of some foods after EU exit, government warned  
Brexit is Britain's chance to become a human rights superpower #Premium 
Boris Johnson + Michael Gove are 'dangerous and deranged' about a 'hard Brexit', senior Tory tells @HuffPostUK 
#DominicCummings, campaign dir.of  #VoteLeave who said that “#Brexit  could be an error."His latest: 
Gisela Stuart - "#Brexit is Parliament’s opportunity to shape its own laws rather than having them shaped by EU - we should embrace that."  
#uk prepares for #brexit negotiations with the #eu ... what a #clusterfuck pic.twitter.com/63Aso551YR 
Ben Jennings on round two of Brexit talks – political cartoon gallery in Putney  
The #EU is a democracy, run by elected politicians. Please read and share our #Brexit Myth Breaker. Link:  
#Brexit has not damaged the property market, despite Project Fear predicting a massive crash. 
Ray Finch MEP - "Why would you want to be in a club that will want to destroy you if you leave?" #Brexit  
Brexit Meanz Bureaucrats: ministers seek powers to levy new fees on companies to pay for new regulators  
This is just brilliant. @wesstreeting at his very best. Sticking up for workers and a stronger Britain. If you voted #Brexit please listen.  
A cat negotiating Brexit would also go in with no notes & just miaow until inevitably all demands were met. David Davis is however not a cat  
Brexit minister Davis' sole mission would appear to be to ensure the EU never wants us back. #NotInOurName #StopTheMadness 
Dave's success timeline:2010: Had to team up with Clegg2015: Won accidental majority on promise of an EU referendum2016: Loses; resigns  
Ben Jennings on round two of Brexit talks – cartoon  
Labour Brexiters should note that the world outside the EU is a vastly more ruthless capitalist place than the EU. #StopBrexit #Brexit 
Scared about your human rights after Brexit? You should be by @WomaninHavana#Brexit #Remain #StopBrexit 
A few years ago Those MPs would have had their heads on Traitors gate for giving away Britain's Sovereignty Without the people's consent 
‘He’s trying to **** it up’ Top Tory claims @PHammondMP is 'trying to frustrate Brexit'  
#Gibraltar DEFIANT: Brexit will be a success and we will NEVER stop being British 
"[What] if voters had been asked a slightly different questionDo you want Brexit with all its complexity & cost?". 
. @theresa_may ’s Gov secures £240m UK investment from Toyota after Brexit pledge  
HorribleThe horrific, drunken response from a potential Tory leader after he realised Brexit will crush... 
Every now & again Brexit cheerleaders do like to remind you just how spectacularly dimwitted they are. Fewer papers than a £10K court claim  
'Rule Brittania!' Fishwife makes fiery pitch for hard-Brexit as she backs @theresa_may for PM 
Brexit britain. A graveyard for youth and hope. If this isn't the Britain you love, rise and fight  
Whilst the EU is taking #Brexit very seriously, Davis seems to think he just has to turn up with a stupid grin, get photo'd and then go home 
Taking back control, perhaps, but not of our reputation - @jonlis1 on the tremendous damage being done by Brexit.  
Maybe it looks like the EU have coming prepared to deal with any issue that comes up. The UK team are just winging it. Brexit all over. 
Almost like things have happened since 2012 (invasion of Crimea, Brexit, 2016 election) that have made Russia a stronger geopolitical foe.  
V significant document. DExEU legal analysis of Repeal Bill & Equality Act. Loss of individual rights is a "natural consequence"  of Brexit  
How is Corporation of London special envoy to EU Jeremy Browne a former LibDem minister? We know his view of Brexit 
"Labour’s official line on Brexit sounds stupid because it is stupid". Trenchant piece by @stephenkb  
“It’s a mess. Nobody would want to see them like this" said EU diplomat working on negotiations.Brexit's a mess. 
Exclusive: Wall Street giant Citi picks Frankfurt as location of new EU broker-dealer as banks firm up Brexit plans.  
With the Cabinet split on Brexit, does the Government look strong or weak as they head into the negotiations?  
BREXIT UPDATE:Day 27: UK secures protected designation of origin status for the Brexiteer shit-eating grin. pic.twitter.com/jQJKOyFtLO 
Brexit Secretary David Davis is “thick as mince” & “lazy as a toad”, according to the brains behind the Vote Leave campaign Dominic Cummings 
Wall Street giant Citi to unveil Brexit plan for new EU unit  
On the left fully prepared EU negiators, On the right Thick Tory Public Schoolboys #brexit God help Us  
NEW Tories set to lose the next election due to Brexit splits, says Lord Heseltine -  
I guess Labour needs to decide whether it's going to pretend to be different from the Tories over Brexit or admit that it isn't. 
It was looking good for May when it was still just talking about Brexit. Then reality started.  
Day two of Brexit talks - and the UK looks as underprepared as ever | Jennifer Rankin  
Favourite Brexit story of the day. Think I'll call my home republic 'Bridiofry'  
UK insists EU to have custody of Farage at weekends in Brexit divorce settlement 
John RedwoodConservative MP for Wokingham#Brexit  
Meanwhile, back in the real world Britain be becomes poorer and more isolated. If Brexit is that great why's the world laughing at us?  
You have to ask the question Why are those Remoaner MPs He'll bent on giving away Britain's Sovereignty And keeping us under the control EU? 
Confused & dismayed UK business leaders: meetings with ministers have laid bare their lack of preparation for Brexit 
David Davis is right to say that the ECJ should not have jurisdiction in UK after Brexit  pic.twitter.com/4iLjkEkbXA 
Politicians should ask themselves about their futures if they force through a #Brexit against the will of the majority.#Remain #StopBrexit 
Kinnock: 'Me and 15 Tories Will KEEP Freedom of Movement'  TRYING TO SAVE HIS PARENTS CASH HE GETS FROM THE EU 
'Geldof won Brexit for us!' Ex-Brexit minister says singer 'abusing' fishermen won vote  
How was it possible to mobilise ppl to vote for Brexit? Answer: Decades of lies in #TheSun #DailyMail #DailyExpress 
WATCH: @wesstreeting on @LBC on why a jobs-first Brexit can only happen by staying inside the Single Market & Customs Union. Pls RT:  
‘Golden opportunity’ UK to become global centre for arts and antiques trade after Brexit  
I hear this a lot. Scotland must have an escape route if the Brexit deal is as disastrous as seems likely. Why close off our options?  
It's no wonder Tory #Brexit  Minister only stayed a few hours at EU negotiationsHe turned up empty handedNothing on the Table From UK  
Theresa May started the Brexit negotiations with public support, but now more voters disapprove than approve.(data via @OpiniumResearch) 
UK business leaders say meetings with ministers have laid bare the lack of preparation for Brexit within government  
Hard to have confidence in British Brexit negotiators/representatives when the basics of trade so little understood.  
David Davis on the #Brexit negotiations: "It is not when it starts, it is how it finishes." 
Labour have now fully adopted the most hardline Conservative language on Brexit. Read about it:  
Surely time to ditch Tory Hard Brexit in favour of the far superior although identical Labour Hard Brexit. 
"Like Dirty Harry’s punk, those seriously in favour of Brexit need to ask themselves if they feel lucky."  
David sums up why if Brexiteers want it to happen, neither winging it nor whinging will work. Both have become par for the Brexit course.  
Time is rapidly vanishing. Nothing matters in comparison. Truth is Corbyn wants Brexit, MPs scared to speak out, but they must act now!  
Rewriting laws without votes in parliament? That's how British laws could be decided after Brexit. RETWEET so everyone knows!  
On a second #EUref once the terms of Brexit are known:Support: 41% (+3)Oppose: 48% (-3)(via @OpiniumResearch, 07 - 11 Jul) 
Brutal & bang-on assessment of Labour's Brexit positon. No honesty or leadership. @Keir_Starmer needs to speak out. 
"Sheer government incompetence and infighting will undermine the case for Brexit on a weekly basis."  @gideonrachman 
Re Tory Brexit wars, senior Tory tells me Boris + Gove "shd go back to being the juvenile scribblers they were before they entered politics" 
This a very good assessment of where we stand. The democratic case for stopping Brexit  via @FT 
Paris hopes for hard Brexit to steal London's financial hub - leaked memo  
"Remainer!"- Am really not. No objection to Brexit in principle."Be constructive then!"- Ok, here you are."Remainer!"And loop. 
Is it any wonder the European Parliament's Brexit Coordinator says Corbyn should be involved in Brexit talks! WATCH!  
Anecdotal I know but my pensioner parents said yesterday that they both regret voting for Brexit. Straws in the wind. 
Ex-minister warns of 'social unrest' if politicians fail to deliver Brexit that ends uncontrolled immigration  
So I set out a constructive and practical way by which Brexit can happen. Do it in the FT.Comment: "This is just Remain by the backdoor!"  
Looks like #Brexit will collapse long before autumn 2018 but Article 50 still triggered. So EEA for UK from March 2019. EU rules & no voice  
Constructive meeting with @WHNSC Mid East Director Derek Harvey on USG - KRG ties, the war against ISIS, Referendum & post-ISIS governance  
Commentary: Europe’s Brexit envy  
Brexit Negotiations: The Irish border question - Commons Library briefing - UK Parliament  via @commonslibrary 
Barnier hates Britain, he has a typical Gallic jealousy & hostility to the City.Paradoxically it will help BREXIT.  
The French are jealous of Brexit  
We have less than twenty months of #Brexit talks left, yet @DavidDavisMP has skulked back to the UK after just half a day. 
Prince William, Kate on #Brexit diplomacy tour of Poland, Germany #Warsaw 
Brexit won’t help Britain survive the rise of the robots | Paul Mason  
What happens when you have no Brexit plan in one picture   
During the referendum...  
Brexit negotiations beginOn the left: EU negotiators with documentsOn the right: UK negotiators without documentsWhat could go wrong? pic.twitter.com/ojjnJccHoz 
Support for a second referendum to prevent Brexit is surging, and 53% back a referendum on final Brexit deal 
I don't go to court without my case papers and my notes. David Davis is negotiating #Brexit and he doesn't even seem to have a notepad.  
3 ways to stop Brexit (and why the referendum result shouldn’t be respected)By @acgrayling in @TheNewEuropean 
Dutch residents in the UK who get British citizenship to avoid Brexit problems will lose Dutch passports, says Rutte  
This is Brexit negotiations-level stupid. You don't get to reject an agreement you're not a party to, you grandstanding corruption muppet.  
If ever a picture captured the incompetence and unpreparedness of the Brexit ministers it's this. Davis left shortly afterwards.  
Exactly. Labour MPs and Corbyn should be leading opinion and openness not following Brexit hate and racism.  
Euratom was the classic example of lack of preparation & poor coordination between depts. The bigger the Brexit ('hard') the bigger the mess  
Soft Brexit is just a euphemism for staying in the EU. That's why we Tories can't accept it   
(For no gain) Surviving Hard Brexit will require sacrifices not seen since the Second World War - The Independent  
The "Brexit" talks are complicated and will take a very long time. We break them down  by @StevenErlanger 
"Majority of Brexiters would prefer not to Brexit and say they did."No, but seriously, there is a very important point here.  
This nation is still proud to be British; let's make Brexit nurture that  
DD: "Have you done the Brexit for me?"MB: "For this step, yes. You'll have to do some homework too, David."DD: "Can we go for beers now?" pic.twitter.com/0oR9nHMm8W 
When even the arch-Europhile discovers Britain backs Brexit...!  
POLL: YouGov stats prove public still think Brexit was the right choice. 
Brexit will only be stopped by a black James Bond and a female Doctor Who...Nearly there now...#Winning 
Please read and share @Jon_Danzig’s latest report: ‘Britain’s barren #Brexit’ Link:  
There is no way that we can have brexit and free movement. There is no point. Better to stop brexit and keep in EU. 
The UK's #Brexit policy explained in one photograph  
RT #UltimaHora... ets del #Barcelonès i #demòcrata... vols tenir clares les  Garanties del #ReferèndumEl dia  tens una cita  
McDonnell is backing a Brexit policy that would devastate public finances for a generation Which would hurt the poor the hardestBlair isn't  
This picture shows just how unprepared the UK is for Brexit negotiations  
Prince George and Princess Charlotte arrive in Warsaw with Kate and William for 'Brexit tour'  
First May gets cold feet and sends Davis to Brexit talks. Then Davis turns up without notes and leaves an hour so later. 
Prince William, Kate arrive in Warsaw for 5-day ‘diplomacy tour’ of #Poland & #Germany in wake of #Brexit  
Surviving Hard Brexit will require sacrifices not seen since the Second World War  
A defining characteristic of the leaders of the Trump-Brexit axis of evil is a hatred of healthcare for people not as rich as they are.  
‘He’s lost it’ - @Nigel_Farage has hit out at Tony Blair, as he calls once more for a hard #Brexit:WATCH:  
Imminently, Theresa May is going to hoisted onto the Tory party gallows, and with that Brexit will destroy Labour as it is too. 
7.2 million Venezuelans, 37% of the electorate, took part in non-binding referendum to reject Maduro's dictatorship 
“Rule Britannia!” Watch this fishwife deliver the most passionate rallying cry for a hard Brexit.  
Martin Wolf: The UK is incapable of managing Brexit and calamity will follow  
Wrote this for @ProgressOnline a few weeks' ago - after the Brexit headlines this weekend, I feel I am in good company ...  
My latest column: The democratic case for stopping Brexit  via @FT 
Just found David Davis' #Brexit negotiation notes...  
Every time... #Brexit  
Head of the Brexit campaign, talking about the Brexit minister.  
Theresa May risks riots in the streets unless she delivers Brexit, warns a pro-EU former Tory minister  
A three year #Brexit transitional deal is necessary, says KPMG’s @KarenBriggsUK. Read why:  
Brexit Secretary, who is understood to have left Brussels after a few hours, says "it's time to get down to work"  
Next time a Labour Remainer says that there is no clear plan for Brexit, remind them of the plan THEY set out in '83  
Barenboim’s Brexit speech was out of order – the Proms are, and must be, politically neutral, says @NLebrecht 
This is spot on: 'The Tories are in the grip of a minority who seek hard Brexit at any cost.'  
Prince William, Kate on #Brexit diplomacy tour of Poland, Germany  #Warsaw 
Meanwhile, at the Brexit negotiations David Davis regrets not doing his homework over the weekend... #NoNotes 
People should stop blaming Corbyn for Brexit. He's there to stop the Tories making a total balls up of it. Have faith in him. 
No Brexit plan? Don't worry, just wheel out the Royal Family. That will do the trick. Hurrah!*sigh* 
Looks a bit like someone forgot their homework! #brexit #ZombieGovernment 
The dispute in May's Cabinet has got so out hand that Jeremy Kyle should be invited along to the meetings. How can we trust them on #Brexit? pic.twitter.com/DWR5ORxZFB 
David Davis calls on both sides in Brexit negotiations to get down to business. Davis arrives in Bruxelles has a cup of coffee and goes home 
The UK 'faces a future of food insecurity and rising prices' after Brexit  
Jeremy Corbyn should be involved in Brexit negotiation process, says Guy Verhofstadt  
*Brexit Explained*  
The picture that sums up Britain's approach to Brexit  
The UK's approach to Brexit negotiations reminds me of someone who's had four pints and is certain they can do Africa by Toto at karaoke. 
"Prosecuting Catalan leaders ‘can only fuel’ independence" says MEP @ramontremosa  #Catalonia #referendum #interview 
5 things for Monday:- Health care bill- Russia investigation- Venezuela referendum- Iran- AZ flooding deaths 
Support for a second referendum to prevent Brexit is surging - Business Insider UK  
Davis' Brexit negotiations so far.  
Rather wonderful that the Foreign Office apparently believes the right kind of Brexit will be delivered by a three-year-old and two-year-old  
Good spot by @mattholehouse. Brexit likely to mean more regulation not less..    
EU Team: 100 pages of documentsBrexit Team: big smiles#preparation @FT 
David Davis turns up to negotiate Brexit in Brussels. No notes apparently. Returns almost immediately to London. What a chaotic mess.  
Soft Brexit is just a euphemism for staying in the EU. That's why we Tories can't accept it  via @telegraphnews 
Listening to @LBC Brexit discussion. It amazes me that there are still people out there who have no grasp of the complexities of leaving.  
Given a choice who can doubt the @CBItweets would prefer #Brexit to be abandoned. Time for them to be honest with the British people.  
An advisory referendum is a mandate for nothing. Brexit was an ideology held by a few who in 40 years could not show how UK is better out. 
David Davis 1987-2017: "We can't let unelected bureaucrats control our destiny"July 2017: Hands Brexit negotiations over to bureaucrats  
Bank Of #England Warns “Bigger Systemic Risk” Now Than 2008-   by @skoylesy via @goldcore #UK #Brexit #Finance #Econ 
Brexit Bulletin: Brits Go Into Round Two Fighting Themselves - Bloomberg  
As Brexit Government lie, blusters and jokes their way out of every point the deal they get for UK gets worse.  
I've criticised Cable for1. Signalling a Soft Brexit coalition2. Wanting NO coalitionI'll SUPPORT him when he wants a REMAIN coalition 
.How Brexit should be done, by me on Twitter:  
"an astonishing act of political irresponsibility" ..could be food insecurity after Brexit, academics say |Guardian  
We need to act. Our government needs to act. YOU need to act! This is your last chance before a referendum is called. It’s Repeal O’Clock! 
Simply the most sensible thing I have read on this topic. A brexit even a remainer like me could get behind.  
Aside from us anti-Brexit campaigners, people seem to believe that everything will sort itself out somehow. In reality, the UK is sinking. 
As first full #Brexit negotiating round starts pleased to set out @scotgov views on Rights of EU citizens 
I think Cameron should keep his mouth shut on everything. With Brexit, the damage that man has done to the UK will be felt for generations.  
Should David Davis have been more prepared for the 2nd round of Brexit negotiations.RETWEET & VOTE #yourvoice 
The attitude of establishment elites like Blair and Osborne are exactly why the UK voted for Brexit.  
Bravo Daniel Barenboim! It's not just that Brexit is wrong. It was a take-over of parliamentary democracy by Govt & Opposition under Corbyn  
We're campaigning against the Govt's hard & destructive Brexit - find an event near you today:  
BOOST: Britain's housing market thrives post-Brexit. So much for Project Fear. 
So who is more prepared for #Brexit negotiations? RETWEET for EU  or LIKE for UK   
The appalling liability that is Johnson and the excruciating self-harm that is Brexit... all eloquently described here.  
Westminster FirstTheresa May just threw Scotland and Wales under the Brexit bus 
How Brexit should be done.By me, at @FT 
Someone explained  that this pic is image of a kind of arrogance:"WE don't need to look prepared."I defer.#Brexit 
Barenboim’s Brexit speech was out of order – the Proms are, and must be, politically neutral | Coffee House  
Our recent survey showed #Brexit is affecting investment decisions - read more now  
"Single market means we continue to accept the supremacy of the European Court of Justice and free movement of Labour" @GiselaStuart #Brexit  
That guy who told @mrjamesob he'd happily starve to achieve a hard #brexit...he's going to get his way.  
Tony Blair should accept the referendum result instead of ignoring the votes of 17.4 million people   
US-UK-EU trade: What next?Brexit & Trump up the degree of difficulty in achieving new dealsBy @SwatDhingraLSE 
"What we tend to forget...it is as much in the European Union's interest to reach a proper agreement as it is in ours" @GiselaStuart #Brexit  
A hard Brexit will be damaging for British farmers and British families, who are already feeling the pinch  
Theresa May warned Britain could run out of food after Brexit  
As good as a flag spot....Young people are starting to wear 'Bollocks to Brexit' stickers at events #Eustickermafia !! 
Scotland has much to contribute to all these issues Agenda for first full round of Brexit negotiations – POLITICO  
Brexit negotiations restarted today and yet all Ministers care about is their own careers. It's pathetic, says @mrjamesob. 
'Brexit' is bad enough. 'Brexit at any cost' is suicide by stubborn stupidity. @AngieMeader @BrexitDebateUK @Brexit #Brexit @BrexitResist 
Dont focus on David Davis' inane grin and lack of paperwork. The real story is Barnier's funky EU wizard hat #brexit #BrexitNegotiations 
Support for a second referendum to prevent Brexit is surging  
The first substantial round of Brexit talks begins today in Brussels  
Hammond rules out single market membership in temporary Brexit deal  
Glad Corbyn & Mcdonnell aren't obfuscating & triangulating on Brexit like other politicians would. 
The democratic case for stopping Brexit  
Tomorrow @UKHouseofLords debates EU Cmttee’s report on #Brexit trade in goods at around 3pm (BST):  
NEW COLUMN:> Heed Blair's warnings on Brexit and Corbyn> Ken Loach is a putz> MSPs find love across party divide  
5 things for Monday:- Health care bill- Russia investigation- Venezuela referendum- Iran- AZ flooding deaths 
Striking visual metaphor for govt's irreponsible and inadequate preparation for Brexit talks  
I went to the European Parliament to see what MEPs really think about Brexit | @ShehabKhan 
Brexit Britain can no longer afford the luxury of so-called broadcasting ‘impartiality.’  
'Listen - you might learn something!' Duncan-Smith snaps at German host in huge Brexit row  
Majestic piece by @jonlis1 laying out day-to-day damage to UK reputation from Brexit & Boris Johnson in particular  
#5things-China GDP-U.S.economy trumps president-Brexit, round two-Markets mixed-Earnings due 
Blair humiliated as his own poll shows big support for real Brexit, but he still won't stop his impotent Remoaning! 
Labour in total chaos over BrexitCorbyn backs Brexit - hoodwinked voters he was for INShadow Business Secretary: Can't make up her mind...  
Rebecca Long-Bailey parrots Tory Brexit lines in difficult interview  
On the left: EU negotiators with a huge stack of notes.On the right: British "who needs notes?" negotiators.A photo that sums up #Brexit.  
 Nuestra postura sobre la segunda ronda de negociaciones #Brexit Our position with regards to the next formal round of negotiations  
Brexit negotiations restarted today, but all the Cabinet care about is ego-battles. It's pathetic, says @mrjamesob  
If you don't understand Brexit, just be against it because of the idiots that want it- Farage, Duncan-Smith, Gove, Johnson, Fox, Trump, etc. 
Food Brexit is test of food democracy. Take back control or cede it? Lower/higher/same standards? Food jobs or cuts? Sustainability or CO2e?  
In the face of "Project Fear", Britain is booming since the Brexit vote. Oh... 
Second round of #Brexit talks begins as discrepancy, uncertainty clouding negotiations  
'Listen - you might learn something!' Duncan-Smith snaps at German host in huge Brexit row  
In. The. Telegraph. Our Govt is in a dire, wheels-falling-off, back-stabbing mess... whilst failing at Brexit.  
Highly signif research on impact of #Brexit on UK food supply   @ProfTimLang @CityUniLondon 
Consumer debt rising, consumer spending, living standards & confidence falling. #Brexit Britain is on the skids  
Report on Food Brexit. Explains why it matters; the issues, hotspots, risks. Public must get engaged. It's our food:  
Exclusive: Toyota made UK investment decision after #Brexit reassurances - sources  
Don't be daft, a female Brexit would stop to ask for directions instead of going stubbornly on with no idea of route or destination. 
Plenty of BBC hosts get Brexit mechanics. If a Cabinet sec being iviewed, should be by someone willing & capable of holding them to account. 
I'm hearing rumours that there will be a female Brexit. 
Imagine that.#Brexit might allow the UK to actually trade fairly with the 3rd World.Like proper human beings.  
I have not found a single person who regrets voting for Brexit. Not one.  
Even in context of bad Brexit takes this is a simply astounding quote  
Sitting down with my Spanish counterpart Minister Isabel Garcìa Tejerina and her team to discuss Brexit with special emphasis on fisheries  
"There ought to be an Aboriginal voice to the Parliament. Do you agree?" Pat Dodson's suggested referendum question. #abc730 #auspol 
The Government’s actions based on the 2016 referendum’s outcome were politically illegitimate, says @acgrayling 
Humphrys is a joke. He will argue the toss over trivialities but allows lie after lie after lie to be trotted out on Brexit. 
From the horses mouth EU Brexit negotiator says @jeremycorbyn should be involved in Brexit negotiations #MoveOverMay 
Busy writing my speech for Lords' debate today on "Brexit: UK-EU Movement of People". I shall be arguing for free movement. @TheGreenParty 
But David, you're the Brexit Secretary and you haven't even got any notes for the Brexit negotiations. Guilty, get a new rule book.  
Pound falls from 10-month high against dollar because of fears about political disarray  
We are hearing reports that certain individuals are seeking to sabotage our mission.Let us be clear: this is about Brexit, not prosperity. 
Even Leave supporters can see that the Government is botching the #Brexit negotiations #LeaveWatch 
Using Brexit bill powers to bypass Holyrood will create a constitutional crisis, says Mike Russell.@ScotNational 
The Govt's 'Great Referendum Bill' "leaves gaping holes where our rights should be." 
Key to Cabinet Brexit split is Leavers fear that 'the establishment' - civil service, Lords, courts Blair ...will frustrate will of people 
Jeremy Corbyn should be involved in Brexit negotiation process, says top EU official  
There's something wrong with this photo of Britain's Brexit talks  
During the entire #Brexit debate and through the referendum campaign, nobody mentioned the #KalergiPlan which is crucial to understand. 
This is the new normal. I am frequently called "far right" "ultra right" for championing Brexit, small government, liberty, etc.  
2nd round of Davis/Barnier Brexit talks get into 'real substance' today.  It can't help that civil war seems to be breaking out in Cabinet. 
We ought to have had a sprinkling of UKIP MPs to ensure Brexit stays to form, but UKIP was poorly led & totally off the mark in its message  
EU Brexit Coordinator wants Corbyn involved in Brexit negotiations. Yes of course he does.  
The EU is demanding to keep the power to fine Britain through the ECJ for years after Brexit  
Independence offers level of security and certainty over Brexit, business owners comment  
This is an example of a wonderful genre of Brexit rhetoric: the Epistemological argument. Basically the argument goes - you can't know.  
Public mood shifts to Remain as #Brexit reality starts to bite - new polling data  
Influence ops linked to Russia run through Facebook & Twitter. As they were in Brexit. Warner says must be called to account. And here...?  
Gosh...if only some "experts" had warned that this exact phenomenon would happen as a result of Brexit!  
My company is moving 116 jobs to UK to add to existing 90 because of Brexit.  Foreign owned. Lots of companies doing this. 
Blair on UK Brexit dilemma: 20 years on no one does it better (& they know it)   
Final Report of the Referendum Council | Referendum Council  
Democrat lead probing TrumpRussia: 'I want to talk to Cambridge Analytica'. Firm played critical role in Brexit. But here...nothing??  
Such a relief that in parsnips at least our post Brexit food supplies are secure. The good news is there if you look!  
Round 1: #Brexit talks start in Brussels with 20 months to go  More updates here  
Labour's position on Brexit is a bizzare mish mash of contradictory stances.   
Nationalism, xenophobia, scapegoating, the 'Will of the People', hate speech - key elements of fascism peddled by the #Brexit press. 
Corbyn should be on Britain’s Brexit talks team says top EU official Don’t touch Tories with barge pole on this  
"Of course I didn't come to the negotiations without any notes. That would be ridiculous" #Brexit  
Not Brexit - me blogging about another thing to do with law - the value of law libraries and the impending vandalism at @inner_temple 
UK could face higher food prices and shortages unless Government sorts things out before Brexit, say academics  
Confirmation finally received as Barclays plays its Irish hand, with Brexit uncertainty seeing banks flee the UK.  
For once the Cabinet truly represents the country. Utterly divided and clueless about where Brexit is taking us #BrexitisBatshit 
The spread of the notion of the 'Will of the People' shows just how far #Brexit politics have weakened democratic attitudes in Britain. 
Lib Dems are watching and waiting for the Brexit deal to unravel – under Cable, they'll be able to take action  
Brexit talks round 2: @DavidDavisMP @BorisJohnson and @MichelBarnier get down to business 
With all UK economic indicators going downwards, no surprise support for rethink & rejection of Brexit growingHow long will Govt resist it?  
BLAIR: Poll by ex-PM shows people DO want Brexit and tighter immigration controls. 
One by one, the Leave supporters distance themselves from Brexit as the disaster unfolds.Bunch of..... 
Corbyn should be on Britain’s Brexit team, top EU official suggests  
Referendum Council report a game changer: shifts debate from symbolism to practical reform, which is what Constitution is for #1voiceuluru 
In @TheLancet, @GinnyatABPI talks about 'what lies at the future of UK’s medicine regulation post-Brexit'  
Millions of Venezuelans vote in non-binding referendum to reject President Maduro's plans to rewrite constitution  
Like all accepted wisdom over recent years, the consensus that Brexit will definitely happen is likely wrong.  
Yup! Day 3 and still no response from @BorisJohnson who, I would have expected, would know minimum 3 good reasons for #Brexit @FT @MumsClub 
Public is now deeply divided over Brexit, with large numbers of voters still persuadable (ref: ) 
Support for a second Brexit referendum is now at all time-high (ref: ) 
I've said all along that the ultimate result of the EU referendum will be that we get exactly the same but it will cost us more.  
New poll finds support for a second EU referendum is at its highest point yet as the clock ticks towards Brexit.  
If you've been dim enough to suggest Labour want hard Brexit, here is Guy Verhofstadt putting you right.  #Brexit  
That @DExEUgov is even publishing Davis's opening remarks shows a realisation that the EU is doing better in the Brexit information war. 
Support for a second referendum to prevent Brexit is surging  
Indeed they won't and it is for them I am campaigning against hard Brexit which will damage UK for a very long time.  
If it walks like an amateur, talks like an amateur, and grins like an amateur, it's an amateur. I give you David Davis MP. #Brexit 
These SNP idiots want a place at the Brexit table whilst at the same time undermining the UK negotiating position at every opportunity.  
Academic on Today Prog talking about "the Far Right" using English identity, Brexit, migration scepticism and UKIP as markers. Unbelievable. 
Britain's response to Brexit is 'farcical' and a 'disgrace', Senior German politicians told Irish counterparts  
Hypocrisy from David Davis. It's UK that delayed start of #brexit talks and then failed to spell out what it wants  
Inquiry to warn Theresa May's hard #Brexit will put national security at risk  
"Time to get to work": Brexit negotiators start first round  
'Anyone who thinks this will be simple is ill-informed'Times piece about food but symbolic of broader Brexit, as is DEFRA's trite response.  
Which one are you? Pls vote and RT  #DrWho13 #Brexit 
Cabinet 'tearing itself apart' as Brexit Secretary enters crucial Brussels negotiations  
Food security should not be an issue for the UK in 21st century - but thanks to #Brexit it's becoming one: 
UK's economic growth will continue to weaken in 2017, as Brexit-related anxiety & uncertainty continues  
Friends! My own figures show that 112.83% of people will starve if Britain leaves Our EU!No wonder literally no-one wants Brexit any more!  
Brexiteers never actually wanted Brexit. All they wanted to do was to stab Cameron in the back. That is why there is no plan. Only plotting. 
Contents of David "secret agent" Davis silver Faraday briefcase revealed! Contains banana & copy of "Biggles fails to return" #Brexit  
Brexit to increase cost of food imports from the EU by 22%  via @richardjmurphy 
Hammond is simply telling colleagues it is not a good idea to drive the economy off the cliff in pursuit of an ideological hard Brexit [2/2] 
Excellent piece from our friends at @rolloutdmocracy about their work with us to build a movement fighting #Brexit: 
Jeremy Corbyn should be involved in Brexit negotiation process, says Guy Verhofstadt  
I am a lifelong Labour voter but I will NOT vote #Labour again if you support #Brexit. 
There can be no Divorce Bill because we're not divorcing, we're resigning membership. Only minor tidying up in required.#r4today #Brexit 
Jeremy Corbyn should be involved in Brexit negotiation process, says Guy Verhofstadt.  
EXCLUSIVE: Corbyn should take part in Brexit negotiations as we need 'diverse opinions' - Guy Verhofstadt tells me  
#r4todaySo now that it's clear that we will not be uniting behind Brexit shall we knock it on the head#skynews 
HS2: Billions (prob gazillions) #Brexit bill:   ditto. NHS: Teachers:Firefighters:Police: Priorities much? #r4today 
Sun Tzu on Brexit: To begin by bluster, but afterwards to take fright at  the enemy's numbers, shows a supreme lack of intelligence. 
Shock report reveals food prices could soar by nearly a quarter after Brexit 
Haha @FerretScot fact check has given its first ever FFS rating.... to Digby Jones' nonsense about post- #Brexit trade deals.  
Venezuela's opposition stages a symbolic referendum on plans to rewrite the constitution  
HAMMOND: Chancellor accused of frustrating Brexit as Tory leaks continue. 
UK 'sleepwalking' into food insecurity after Brexit, top academics warn 
The starting gun is being fired on Round 2 of the Brexit talks. These are the big concerns  
"Like Dirty Harry's punk, those in favour of Brexit need to ask themselves if they feel lucky." From today's post, up later. 
because the majority didn't vote for the hard Brexit being proposed. And the majority now know it is a disaster 
Guide to round two of Brexit talks: the first formal talks on substance since referendum June 2016 
UK business leaders are ‘confused and dismayed’ at the government over Brexit  
Why Brexit could mean a pricier pint of Guinness  
Blair says UK's exit from EU should be halted: "Every day is bringing us fresh evidence" of Brexit's harm to Britain  
Grayling is loose & talking about trains, so it's time to remind you of the Brexit bonus to platform heights.  
Trade Secretary Liam Fox, left, yesterday. Brexit Secretary David Davis, right, one year ago.  
Raving mad! HS2 is going ahead. Small part of route to cost £55bn - in austerity-riddle Brexit Britain facing £100bn divorce bill #r4today 
Because of Dead Ringers I can't read a story about DD without imagining him starting with "Brexit Bulldog here..."  
Early flight to Brussels for Foreign Affairs Council Meeting - Libya, Migration in Med, Middle East and Brexit all up for discussion 
Ridiculous and risible Irexit idea needs taking downBrexit is dumb this would be worse  
UK ‘would need a new city the size of Birmingham every two years for migrants’ if we go for ‘soft’ Brexit  
UK 'sleepwalking' into food insecurity after Brexit, academics say  
Urging the French to be patient with us while UK changes its mind on Brexit @France2tv - seeing Macron MPs later 
It's weird, how we're now faced faced with the obvious consequences of Brexit we knew before voting being cast as headline news. 
The people voted for Brexit. What they've got is chaos, hardship & national humiliation. They now deserve the option of the reverse gear. 
Tony Blair insists Britons do not want Brexit but astonishingly his OWN poll reveals we DO  
I acknowledge that tactically voting for labour was a huge error. @jeremycorbyn thinks it was a vote for him and his brexit. No it was not  
Tony Blair: Brexit can still be stopped  
When you treat the electorate like adults - you put trade-offs to them - what do they want from Brexit?  
Referendum Council endorses Uluru call for Indigenous voice to parliament  
One of the most pernicious lies of the referendum was that EU migrants were a burden on us, simple lie  
.@Ref_Council advises Government to hold referendum on establishing an #Indigenous "Voice to Parliament" 
Tony Blair Institute for Global Change finds 56% believe “Brexit must mean Brexit”, 75% say Immigration too open.  
Impossible to find a good news story about #Brexit this morning, or frankly any morning. @guardian 
Millions of Venezuelans vote in non-binding referendum to reject President Maduro's plans to rewrite constitution  
UK housing market shrugs off concerns of Brexit slowdown  
France wants hardest Brexit, says City envoy to EU  
@ref_council says referendum proposal is "modest” “reasonable” and “capable of attracting the necessary support of the Australian people.” 
#BREAKING @David_Speers reports Referendum Council report will recommend inserting an 'Indigenous voice' into Constitution.@IndigenousX 
Improve Brexit offer to EU citizens & stop shafting yr own citizens, or we’ll veto the deal by Verhofstadt  #r4today 
Yes, Philip Hammond said 2 dumb things, but he's right when he says Cons & by extension UK have been taken hostage by smarmy #Brexit pirates 
#Breaking Just one proposal should be taken to referendum, says @ref_council - establishing First Nations Voice to Parliament @abcnews 
UK 'sleepwalking' into food insecurity after Brexit, academics say  
Britain voted itself into a hole not once but twice. Labour is not the answer. Brexit vote was a misfortune Labour turned it into a calamity 
Tony Blair's poll says Britons do want Hard Brexit  
To run as a populist is as dangerous as cheating on your pilot's license. You win, but then you have to fly. #trump #Brexit 
#honestpoll Do you think it democratic to hold a 2nd #EUref once #brexit deal known? Pls RT for inclusivity. Comments welcome. 
Theresa May's Brexit chaos is leaving EU leaders stunned  
Brexit state of play: key issues as second round of talks begin  
Venezuela's opposition stages a symbolic referendum on plans to rewrite the constitution  
EXCLUSIVE Support for a second Brexit vote is growing and Leavers should be nervous @keiranpedley  
Venezuelan Americans in Chicago lined up to take part in their native country's referendum on Sunday  
Globalist Tony Blair Trying To Undercut Brexit – Farage Fires Back 
If after brexit & the Trump Electoral landslide, you still listen to polls & approval ratings, you are still intoxicated by #FakeNews #Tcot 
I mean, we thought Brexit was a good idea, and consistently elect these guys into Parliament. There's nothing we can't do wrong.  
Vitally important analysis by @ProfTimLang @SPRU and @cardiffuni Baffling lack of government attention to Brexit & food security. @UKSustain 
Mariano Rajoy called the plans for a Catalan independence referendum "authoritarian delirium"  
Venezuelans voted in an unauthorized referendum staged by government opponents to defy President Nicolás Maduro  
In our new issue: @danielle_chb of @POLIS_Deakin on Aust foreign policy in 2016 (incl Oz & US elections, Brexit)  
3 years after Russia shot down #MH17 the Netherlands fails to bring Putin to account plus it let Russia win an anti-Ukraine joke referendum. 
Leaving the Single European Market would cost 70,000 jobs. How is leaving the SEM a "jobs first Brexit"? #brexit #brexitshambles 
Quebec City Muslim cemetery rejected 19-16 in nearby town referendum  
Cabinet divided as Davis heads to Brussels for four days of Brexit talks  
EU wants power to impose huge fines on Britain for years after Brexit  via @telegraphnews 
Good lord. I want a referendum on bigoted morons.  
Environment Secretary Michael Gove Hints That Brexit Could See End Of Brutal Live Export Trade  
Brexit talks resume: Get down to business, David Davis urges  
Venezuela protests: woman shot dead as thousands vote in unofficial referendum  
Woman shot dead in Venezuela while waiting to vote in an unofficial, opposition-organised referendum.  
BOMBSHELL Report!Veselnitskaya, Goldstone & Agalarova Traveled from NYC to UK For Brexit Then Back to NYC! 
Neither party has the guts to say "#Brexit is a massive mistake". So both are trying to talk down the economic impact. Pathetic. 
This is about right, isn't it?MPs had soon better start standing up in parliament & saying this Brexit madness has gone on long enough!  
Labour should define clear lines of separation from Brexit.  
Our Brexit-backing politicians are making fools of us  
"I want out of Euratom, the E111, and don't even get me started on Erasmus-funded student exchanges"- old biddies voting in the referendum 
Venezuela's opposition stages a symbolic referendum on plans to rewrite the constitution  
UK housing market shrugs off concerns of Brexit slowdown  
You ignore Brexit trying to deflect attention by attacking Blair You're letting down your followers many of whom voted Labour to stop Brexit 
Gibraltar will not be a victim of Brexit – chief minister  
Euratom and Brexit - why it's not just about nuclear power stations  
Fresh #Brexit talks begin with ‘clock ticking’  #news #world #britain #special 
British investors in line for record £90.6bn payout despite Brexit turmoil   
EU withdrawal bill is biggest change in legal system for 45 years via @lawsocgazette  #Brexit #Legal #IndustryNews 
UK 'sleepwalking' into food insecurity after Brexit, academics say  
"#Brexit: Blair says UK should consider staying in a reformed #EU"  #Europe 
Foreign investment set to grow in #Yorkshire despite #Brexit 
Corbyn wants Brexit for lefty Bennite reasons. It is not a masterful political strategy. He is against the EU. 
Not many Tories amongst the mercenary archers at Agincourt.... Who will be there to pull their chestnuts from the fire for #Brexit?   
Earlier today - A year after vote, UK unveils bill to make Brexit a reality – Washington Post  
Hammond says the Brexit transition is likely to take years, rather than months  
UK fintech shrugging off Brexit in 3 charts - AltFi  #FinTech 
NO greater threat than an infamous brexit. We MUST do everything possible to ensure we get an 'unpleasant' brexit, like we voted for! 
Brexit is 14903 hours away. #brexit 

