I think the thing I loathe most about #Brexit is the feeling that it has diminished everyone, including me, internally. It has made my environment ruder, more suspicious, less understanding, frightened, aggressive, closed up. And I have responded in kind. Which I hate. 
Amazing that the cost of Brexit is almost exactly the same cost as losing the Barnett formula through indy!So that means that Brexit and Independence together would cost us circa £25 billion a year.No wonder Sturgeon is too terrified to call a referendum.  
Nigel talks of a 2nd referendum, Boris that Brexit isn’t certain.It’s almost as if it’s a game to these people 
Dear @acgrayling I would like to stop Brexit as you would - if it is possible Your intemperate attacks on Corbyn are very unhelpfulThe key is shifting public opinion - you & people like me who want to stop Brexit, should concentrate on trying to persuade our fellow citizens  
There’s no Tory Brexit. There’s no Labour Brexit.There’s just Brexit.When you’re planning to burn down the country it doesn’t make any difference WHY.And it’ll burn down just as fast whether we sing The Internationale or Rule Britannia while it burns.  
It's beyond ludicrous and utterly laughable to suggest that *anyone* is creating a distraction from Brexit, when Tories are missing in action in the protection of the national interest, both for Scotland and rUK. It's high time they got on with the day job. 
Massed ukip protest. Will of the fuckin' peeps innit? Brexit, deader than the deadest dead fucking dead duck. Fuck brexit and all who still cling to the fucked up notion that brexit is fucking cool, which of course fucking it isn't. pic.twitter.com/pC92HzBdLl 
Tomorrow's front page: EXCLUSIVE ... we reveal the shocking cost of Hard Brexit in Scotland is £12.7bn a year or £2300 for every person in Scotland, according to new Scottish Government analysis  
To recap:- Tories called for #EUref whilst pandering to a far-right agenda.- Tories had no plan in event of a Leave vote.- Tories neglected to carry out Brexit impact studies.- Tories missed #WithdrawalBill deadline, breaking their promise to protect Scotland’s position. 
Is Carillion the first major #Brexit scalp? > heres where they point to Brexit risk in their 2016 annual accounts. "Brexit proves game changer for Carillion”  
Freedom - loving Brexit folks just can't stand the sight of someone exercising his freedom of expression. 
It’s clear that May and David Davis have no cunning plan for Brexit, and we’re heading for disaster. Our best bet is to Remain in the EU or the single market & customs union.  
Distraction from Brexit.....plus a stupid attempt to distract from her  many failures back home.  
.@John2win has accused @ScotGov, which is currently trying to save Tories from themselves whilst they veer the UK towards a hard Brexit, of creating a 'damaging distraction to Brexit'. Utterly, utterly, incredible. 
When I brought a motion to the Seanad calling on the Gov to (at that point) outline a timeframe for the referendum on extending Presidential votes to citizens in the North, FG & FF Seanadóirí opposed their own party policies to prevent it passing. #Uachtarán 
Peter Stringfellow "the price of brexit is too high. I'm quitting the tories unless they steer a course to remain"  
Owen Smith: stay in customs union to avoid Irish hard border.The best way to stay in the customs union and vote on its direction is to #Remain in the EU.MPs vote on the Brexit Bill next week - let yours know you want to #StopBrexit. #FBPE. #WATON. 
”Anglophones” Shall Reject Abuja Compromise, Referendum The Solution-Elie Smith“Only the people and I must...  
The only good thing I've personally seen from brexit is the array of excellent people I now know in the Remain movement who I'd otherwise never have met. It's a small silver lining, but under the circumstances I'll take what I can get. 
The world has turned upside down when the supposedly progressive @UKLabour fails to oppose a Tory Government with a UKIP agenda on Europe.Support the calls for a second referendum. @LibDems offer hope. 
“First Minister accused of creating a ‘damaging distraction’ to Brexit”? Aye, like offering a lifeboat creates a “damaging distraction” to the sinkage of a ship 
Macrons pledge to fight the far right in France.. He also rightly claims making the EU move forward is the best way to fight prejudice. He's right. We need more integration. Brexit is the dying gasp of nationalism, a hateful ideology that ceased to be of any use in 1914.  
The argument for Brexit has failed. There is no real tangible benefit to the UK of Brexit and we need a government that will back us away from the cliff edge we've approached so carelessly. Will @UKLabour be that government? Over to you. 
Bottom line, Corbyn is desperate for Brexit, he only ever talks about ‘solutions’ for after Brexit. At some point the remain majority within the Labour vote are going to have to accept that Corbyn is not your man for stopping #Brexit 
What a ridiculous story: .@BorisJohnson IS the Establishment! It's us #Remainers who are the insurgent opposition now #WATON. He's had 18mths to weave a good story on #Brexit's advantages. There aren't any. #BrexitBetraysBritain. We must have #FinalSay on this tragic Tory fiasco. 
Reading #Brexit timeline on Twitter is a bit like watching a healthy immune system kicking in.#StopBrexit #FBPE #WeAreTheOppositionNow #Leave #FarRight #NoDeal 
Brexit: a complete lack of self-awareness - Farage opens his mouth to tell us that he is as out of touch as ever he has been, only to be joined by the clown Johnson ...   #Brexit.  
“UK’s #Brexit arms deals: Exports to the world's most repressive regimes rise by nearly one-third"  
Ludicrous Tosser @BorisJohnson finally accepts that the only Brexit deal possible is pointless: “ “I’d rather us stay in than leave like that”.  
#Brexit is like an anti-biotic that will cure our EU infection ... but just like anti-biotics, we need to finish the course #Brexiteers be strong ... hold steady and finish the course ! 
‘We need YOU’ France’s Macron set to push UK into joining ‘Army of Europe’ after Brexit. No Way Sonny!  
"We hear willingness & enthusiasm in USA & many countries around world to make new trade deals with us.But we don’t hear that from #EUWe hear from EU only backward-looking stuff,'You must be punished for deciding to leave'“Well, we're Leaving"#Brexit 
From the FB page of 'The Forty Five'Here's a map showing the countries Britain has talked to and which have expressed either a firm (shaded red) or tentative (yellow) interest in concluding a trade deal with Britain (blue).The Brit's Brexit going down really well.  
We all are but I trust him. The tories promise the same old hate same answers to old problems. He promises hope. He is playing a long game. He has to defeat the tories, honour the referendum and deliver on his manifesto. It’s like 3D chess. I want Corbs to lead us. Give him a go 
Brexit will cost Scotland £2300 per head. Before #indyref we were repeatedly told that people would vote Yes if they would be £1500 better off. So all those who said that must back independence now 
Ditto. Overcoming party lines and old divisions - and this includes overcoming baggage that make us uncomfortable around some - is absolutely crucial. Brexit is the greatest threat to this country and its constituent nations since WWII. It's time to treat it as such. #WATON #FBPE 
So is Labour's plan to say we've quit the Single Market (Labour's definition) and remain in it (by everyone else's definition). Labour seems to be working on the assumption that Leavers are really stupid...!#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit  
We see them, Nadeem.The Corbyn/Brexit smokescreen is but a tool, the latest in a long line of strategies to undermine Corbyn's leadershipBut they forget what swung GE16 to him. His policies. Jeremy Corbyn's Labour remains the only hope for ordinary people, in or out of the EU 
Esmeralda is a Nova Scotia Duck Tolling Retriever. Surprisingly she has webbed feet. Her breed is the smallest Retriever in the world. Less surprisingly she supports the #wooferendum to #StopBrexit!!! #FBPE #brexit #Brexitshambles 
so glad to be living in Groundhog fucking Brexit Day  
KHAN FOCUSES ON BREXIT, TRUMP, GENDER ISSUES – WHILST YOUNGSTERS ARE KILLED ON LONDON’S STREETS.      #fo2eu 
Excl: Boris Johnson has warned allies that Brexit is still far from certain to happen; 
Can someone please wake me up when everyone has stopped arguing about hashtags and got back to focusing on trying to stop Brexit? Thanks. 
This is a very good idea, and expands on what lots of people have already been doing. A key objective must be to normalise the idea of Remaining among those who think, often casually, that Brexit cannot be stopped, and this can help that.  
Really looking forward to voting in the online members' survey on Brexit policy, just like that one we had on Syria. 
Poll: It's looking increasingly likely that we will get a second referendum on #Brexit. Given the importance of this vote to the future of the UK, do you think extending the vote to either of the following would make it fairer:RT for bigger sample, thanks! 
Watched @NicolaSturgeon on #Marr this morning she had a superb interview answered every question directly. I did pick up that the #indyref will be announced after #Brexit shambles this autumn & that there is no need to worry about timescale. We have 2 years after March 2019! 
16/01/2018 - MPs return to debate Brexit Bill - Day of National ActionDo anything - flash mobs, a stall in your local square, flag hanging and/or waving, join the Vigil at No10, SODEM, use social media.If you are on Twitter, we will use the hashtags: #StopBrexit and #FBPE 
I'm seeing so many distraught Labour voters saying they will not vote Labour until the party comes out against Brexit. Could you please email or write to your MP &/or the party just maybe we can change their mind. Thank you & please RT 
Netherlands 'will block post-Brexit trade deal' unless UK clamps down on tax avoidance  
Sorry if this offends our #FBPE followers but if Labour took a Brexit position similar to the SNP/LibDems they would never win seats like Thurrock (who voted 72.3% for Leave) and we would never get rid of the Tories.  
Speaking outside Parliament today. Brexit is going to happen. We need a deal which gives us back regulatory control, particularly for financial services. If this can not be reached, we must indicate our intention to walk away in advance of March '19.  
This happened almost at the same time, Corbyn on ITV and Chuka on Sky. Remember, Labour have been clear on Brexit from the outset.  
Any remainers worth their salt will fight Brexit until the end. Brexit is wrecking Britain. How could we ever want it to go ahead if we care for our country?#WATON#FBPE 
Spain 'breaks EU ranks' to DEFY Angela Merkel and back minimum tariff Brexit deal with UK  
“Don’t Brexit because that is not an answer to anything” says @Andrew_Adonis. Quite right, the EU has been used as a scapegoat by UK Government’s for years, always easy to blame someone else. #Remain #WATON 
Even so few at the pro brexit rally today in London managed to assault a passing cyclist who had an EU flag. Nothing but blackshirts #WATON 
#DespiteBrexit.The reason why the near-overwhelmingly anti-#Brexit UK MSM largely don't report this is because it would contradict the narrative they desire their audiences to absorb.  
This is a crucial point on a very good thread. #brexit  
Where are the #Brexit politicians who promised so much and delivered so little? #NHSCrisis 
Corbyn (again) suggests he does not know the difference between membership of the EU single market and membership of the EU customs union. My question is whether this is ignorance or deliberate obfuscation.  Either is lamentable #Brexit  
Good news: Jeremy Corbyn says he will direct his MPs to vote against the current Brexit Bill.“If our tests are not met by the government, we will vote against the bill”With votes next week, tell your MP you want to #StopBrexit & #Remain. #WATON. #FBPE. 
"Austerity is just a fancy word for class war."- Noam Chomsky Meanwhile, on Twitter#FBEU want me to focus on #BrexitAnd forget8 yrs of removing ’s Social safety net#JC4PM 
So true! This morning I even heard   Marr say “*if* Brexit happens”. The general tone of the discussion has changed. I like to think that it has a lot to do with the wonderful #FBPE community. We *are* making a difference. 
Brexit so far...  
Surprisingly frank admission from @ProfTomkins who is of course smart enough to see what could lie ahead #Brexit #ScotlandsPlaceInEurope 
But they never voted to be poorer, never voted for the hardest Brexit: leave that to Rees Mogg and Gove. Soft Brexit is 87% Labour members choice.  
.@MatthewdAncona: ‘There is something truly wretched about this government’s continued appeasement of a president who has strained every notion of decency and international propriety..Such are the bleak wages of Brexit, the ashen taste of diminishing global power.’  
Before the referendum I was proud to live in the UK and call this place my new home. After, I've been feeling like I am no longer welcome here. Screw that noise though, this is my home and Brexit is bad news for everyone living in the UK.#WATON#WeAreTheOppositionNow#FBPE 
Good stuff from @HenryCPorter. David Davis is - now - one of those for whom Brexit so outweighs all other desires & principles, that he is prepared to do anything & say anything, even things he would never previously have countenanced, to get it. #fbpe 
Farage has “suffered the temporary setback of winning the referendum” but is on track to reframe Brexit as betrayal.  
Todays pro brexit rally opposite the cenotaph. Is this the 17.4 or is it the will of the people?  #fbpe #brexitfail 
Labour members and supporters are overwhelmingly Pro-EU. We believe in union, in solidarity, in the strength of common endeavour. We are internationalists, we are Labour. A growing number of us demand @UKLabour rise up against this Tory Brexit and say #WeAreTheOppositionNow 
I'm a relatively new member, joined when Corbyn became leader. Was inspired by his authenticity & integrity. Now baffled by his pro Brexit position and apparent dishonesty about remaining in single market. 
I didn’t do enough before the referendum - I was guilty of overestimating how obvious the harm would be and underestimating the Leave campaign and foreign influence. I’m sorry.#WATON#WeAreTheOppositionNow#FBPE 
Jeremy Corbyn's on-going waffle about Brexit, the Single Market and the Customs Union when the Tories have a big Brexit target painted on them makes me understand why he stayed on Labour's back bench for 32 years. 
Mrs May Can't Be Trusted With BrexitOnly UKIP Will Completely Pull Us Out#ForTheNation 
Polly Toynbee, Chuka, Wes Streeting, Tony Robinson, Tony Blair, and swathes of #fbpe people, all coincidentally, at the same moment, undermining the Labour leadership on brexit. Familiar to anybody? Another anti-Corbyn Trojan Horse. Get behind the leadership, they have a strategy 
Having trawled through Twitter for the past week, I am 100% certain that the brexit stance that Labour as a party are taking, is being used, once again, to undermine Jeremy Corbyn. Stop it. Just stop, and aim your frustration and anger at the Tories, who are royally screwing up. 
A majority of Britain’s midsized companies want the country to opt for a clean break from EU after Brexit, leaving the EU single market and customs union  
Colleague: How do you feel about #Brexit ?Me: You mean the biggest and most pointless act of self-harm in national history? Colleague: Yeah. That.Me: I try my best to stay objective.#WATON#ABTV#StopBrexit2018 
I am a Liberal Democrat - that much is obvious from my handle and bio. But I’ll proudly stand beside ANYONE who opposes #brexit, be they Lib Dem, Labour - even Tory. Tribalism has no place in this fight - together we can win this & save our country #WATON #WeAreTheOppositionNow 
.@Conservatives and @UKLabour you must listen to the people. Brexit is a fallacy. The people were conned into thinking that there'd be a glorious future awaiting us. The reality is that there are NO sunlit uplands and we stand to lose so much #WeAreTheOppositionNow #WATON #FBPE 
MPs debate the Brexit Bill next week.Let’s send them a clear message: we need an option to #StopBrexit.Tag your MP, and RT to spread the word. #FBPE. #WeAreTheOppositionNow. #WATON. @W_A_T_O_N. #FinalSay. 
Pro Brexit protesters block a pro EU cyclist on Whitehall and take an EU flag from him as a non partisan, pro Brexit demonstration takes place opposite Downing Street  
About 114 million euros are spent every year to move the European Parliament between Brussels and Strasbourg every month.There's absolutely no logic in holding parliament in two cities. #EUFail #Brexit  
I disagree. We have bigger issues than Brexit - Tories are the main problem, weak economy, austerity cuts, damaging NHS etc all well before referendum was called. We need to be united with Jeremy Corbyn and help kick Tories out.  
I use #FBPE in every tweet, but from now on, if I have a pro EU event that I want ppl to know about I will use #WATON to get the message to the largest number of ppl. Because WE are the brexit opposition now!  
We have 14 mths before we #brexit. Our Gvt is in chaos, our social system is neglected & we are as clueless now as we were on 23rd June 2016.Let's abandon this sinking ship before we drown! Follow @W_A_T_O_N#WATON #WeAreTheOppositionNow 
One thing I've learned from #brexit... Democracy isn't just a right it's a responsibility. Turning up to vote every 4 yrs & hope politicians won't screw us over is not enough. It's on us too. #WeAreTheOppositionNow #WATON 
We may disagree on many things, we may belong to different parties, but one thing unites us: Brexit is a disaster and we will not watch quietly by.  #WeAreTheOppositionNow #WATON 
Poland offers Theresa May backing over Brexit deal amid rift with EU  
A Londoner speaks out. ‘Sadiq Khan is NOT MY MAYOR’  via @Your Brexit 
When the orchestrator of #brexit calls for a 2nd referendum you know it's time to put the breaks on. Join forces with #FBPE#WeAreTheOppositionNow#WATON 
I am heartbroken to have decided to leave @UKLabour. I am bitterly disappointed Labour are not officially opposing the insanity of #Brexit. I cannot support a pro Brexit party. If we have a general election, I will vote for a #Remain candidate. #WATON #WeAreTheOppositionNow 
I shall not vote for a brexit-supporting party in any election, be it European, General or Local. No more tactical voting, no ifs, no buts. #WATON 
Today's MASSIVE #ukip pro brexit rally in London. Look closely, it's there, can you see it @TheNewEuropean #FBPE #brexitfail 
My 11 year old son’s take on Brexit#FBPE#FBPEChallenge 
The stuff one comes across when clearing up the screenshot folder ... it's the stuff of Brexit dreams ...  
When even YouGov says it, you know it's true.  Brexit is a dead duck.  
The irony being that Corbyn's pursuit of hard Brexit is precisely the sacrifice of the poor for which "Blairites" are here being blamed. The left has never understood that New Labour was about helping the poor and forgetting about dogma. And that it worked.  
Stop the #ForeignAid Madness!Spend OUR money at home on #NHSSign the petition here #LBCLIVE #skynews #Conservatives #Brexit #NHSWinterCrisis #ForeignAid #ForBritain #Liverpool #ManchesterCity 
This is a pic, taken by a friend, of the "pro-Brexit mass rally" in London today. muah-ha-ha #fbpe #brexit  
EU Trawlers Step Up ‘Pulse’ Fishing Efforts, Devastating British Fisheries Ahead of Brexit  
Sky Sports will be like how great Liverpool are now and how they can win the league, fa cup, champions league, the masters, the SuperBowl, the Calcutta cup and probably another EU referendum  
The Government hasn’t released impact assessments for Brexit – so I have. Govt must secure a deal that protects jobs, growth & investment by ensuring we remain in the single market and customs union.  
Is this what #Brexit was really about  
Europe's (indeed the entire world's) top global financial centre is London. Swiss bank UBS, now German bank Deutsche have said that they will not relocate thousands of roles to the Continent post-Brexit. Hundreds, at most. The Europeans need easy access to the City of London. 
‘We could lose the historic victory’: Farage fears Brexit reversal  
The 2018 election cycle can’t just be a referendum on @realDonaldTrump. It has to be a year that means something. One that speaks to who we are as a community and country. We’re building that purpose right here, in Florida House District 47. Thanks for being a part of it. #Flip47 
Girlfriend of a leader of the party in Britain that pushed for Brexit. Not shocking.  
The three largest exporters to the EU — China, the United States and Russia — do not even have free trade agreements with it. What, exactly, frightens the Remain camp so much that they fear Britain leaving without a free trade deal with Brussels? Trade will continue after Brexit. 
Nigel Farage - "There is a real reluctance for anyone on the Remain side to really come clean about what Europe is. It is about the creation of a new state." #Brexit  
Just to prove you shouldn’t make too many assumptions about the over 60s support for Brexit.  This is Gordon’s Granny!  
It is depressing/extraordinary that after all these months & trillions of words written about how it is impossible, both Labour and Conservative parties' Brexit policy really does amount to no more than retaining all features of EU membership without FOM/ECJ/Budget/CCP = cakeism  
Why both Brexiters and Remainers should support a #FinalSay on the Brexit deal.  
The last caller on @LBC said that Leave voters had been lied to in the EU Referendum. He also said that Remain voters had been lied to in the Scottish Referendum.This from the caller who is a Scottish Independence advocate and supports remaining in the European Union.  
Britain's decision to leave the EU has upset the eurocrats in Brussels. How will the bureaucracy's profligacy be funded in future when the #2 net contributor goes? When other member states see how well the UK is doing post-Brexit, how can those states be stopped from leaving too? 
Quick reminder for both main parties. UK will not have a bespoke Brexit deal, but will be selecting from a rather short menu of options. 'Deep & special' and 'Jobs first' are meaningless. These are the options available:  
I have just witnessed the angry pro Brexit rally, push this cyclist off his bike and steal his flag.Mob mentality!@EUflagmafia @JamesMelville @mikegalsworthy 
Oh. So you mean those claims about City firms relocating because of Brexit were actually nonsense?  Fancy that  
Sturgeon 'will decide by Autumn' on fresh Scottish referendum. But Scotland is broke, EU don’t want them! How  & who would they be Independent from?  
Friends! Summary:1. Nobody took UKIP seriously, apart from a tiny handful of 17,410,742 bigots.2. So why did Cameron agree to a referendum?3. He must have been taken in by all the LIES he saw on the side of a Far-Right omnibus.4. Talk about Fascism!5. That's all, folks!  
Don't worry about Brexit; We have a transition deal!Because 3yrs will make the Irish Border conundrum just disappearBecause 3yrs will make leaving the Single Market NOT slash our competitiveness in EUBecause 3yrs will let us train up millions of replacement doctors 
Deutsche Bank will move far fewer jobs to Frankfurt after Brexit than the 4,000 that has been widely reported, according to the lender’s British boss. “The 4,000 number that comes up again and again is much too high,” John Cryan told a Swiss newspaper  
As I predicted, he’s using the office of the Mayor of London to sabotage Brexit, and undermine Britain. I’m starting to wonder if @SadiqKhan actually is a Trojan Horse candidate... 
10.The REMAIN campaign failed because it was defending this false prospectus. If you wan't to reverse Brexit you need to convince people to join what the EU actually is, not what you think they might accept it being. If not, it's time to accept the vote and move on. ENDS 
Khan focuses on Brexit, Trump, gender issues - whilst youngsters are killed on London’s streets His 100% focus right now should be on stopping more young people from being killed. 
While the current NHS crisis rages on (with Brexit adding finance diversion & staffing problems), key issues about medicines, medical isotopes, cross-border healthcare, etc remain unresolved and add more uncertainty for the future. 
Former UK-US Ambassador: Posturing of Sadiq Khan and Others Could Kill Post-Brexit Trade Deals  
6. If Britain is to stay in the single market, either through the EEA or by abandoning Brexit, it has to change its mind on immigration. Remainers need to explain why freedom of movement is at least on balance worth it. If they can't do that, they will fail. / 
If EU rules prevent state aid, why do Germany and France spend much more on state aid than UK? Time to drop this Brexit/Lexiteers straw man.  
It has changed - from not having given a mandate for Brexit to wanting to stop Brexit.  
So Jeremy Corbyn says “obviously” there will be “a customs union with the EU” after Brexit...No press release attacks from Conservatives on that issue   
We completely agree with @JunckerEU. No matter if the #EU was facing the financial crisis or #Brexit, we came out stronger together!   
1. If you want Britain to stay in the single market, you need to start getting the British public to accept that this will involve concessions that Brexit voters will consider significant, if not intolerable / 
#OMG it’s worse that I thought. By some patient, persistent questioning @Peston makes it clear that @jeremycorbyn doesn’t understand what a customs union is, much less what the realistic options are for our future customs arrangements with the EU if #Brexit goes ahead  
Here's the moment Alastair Campbell told @Nigel_Farage that Labour needs to adopt a stronger anti-Brexit position  
This also means Corbyn’s commitment to #Brexit is greater than his commitment to investing in public services.You can’t have #Brexit and have the injection of cash the NHS needs.To save the NHS we need an #exitfromBrexit 
Brexit bill leaves a hole in UK human rights.Brexiters want to tear up basic rights. So it’s no coincidence that the Brexit Bill gives ministers powers to change laws. MPs need to amend the Brexit Bill to stop this ending badly.#StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
Early Man review – Aardman claymation comedy brings Brexit to the Bronze age  
Remember when Brexit arrived in a pristine bubble from space rather than as a long predicted and feared consequence of 30+ years of dreadful divisive politics and a right wing Press let go rabid? 
My little daughter is inventing a new game. I'm going to call it Brexit as I've no idea what the aim is or what the rules are.  
41. Kirsty’s Kitchen Reshuffle42. Hilary’s Hospital Heaven43. Britain’s Second Referendum Anxieties44. Brenda’s Big Announcement  
My colleague @SebDance looks at the consequences of #Farage admitting that #brexit is not a settled issue: via @labourlist 
The greatest trick the devil performed was to convince people he didn't exist. The Tory's use Brexit to convince people poverty doesn't exist. It's not Brexit, immigrants, or the EU that's the problem. It's the Tory government.  
The Big 4 global advisory firms have done analysis of what Brexit means to business. Here's a summary of some of their advice & it's not good news.      Consensus seems to be prepare for bad deal or no deal. My advice is #StopBrexit @DeborahMeaden @Lord_Sugar @grahnort #WATON 
#Austerity4Ever is a Tory conspiracyIt takes money from the Poorest anddonates to the Richest The result?120,000 Needless Deaths and RisingBut carry on getting distracted by #BrexitWhilst our #NHS is flogged offB b but #Brexit.......  
Khan focuses on Brexit, Trump, gender issues – whilst youngsters are killed on London’s streets  
BFE: Thanks to EU, our nationwide supporters, we've finally reached that magic 10K! 2018 is going to be a HUGE year for us, so there's never been a better time to connect with the UK'S VOICE OF OPPOSITION to ALL forms of Brexit. Join us!  and BE the change! pic.twitter.com/GiXESrUMKq 
To be fair to Nick Clegg, he would support Nigel Farage's call for a second referendum. Both of them are struggling to be relevant & they see this as their route back to relevance. It won't happen, thankfully  
A "no deal" outcome from the Brexit negotiations would lead to a £500 billion loss for the European Union, according to a new analysis  
The First Minister added the caveat that she is not in control of the Brexit timetable. 
Jeremy Corbyn: I'm not calling for second EU referendum  
“Nicola Sturgeon to decide on a second Scottish independence referendum by the end of 2018”  
Here is Ken (a leave voter who has had rethought) highlighting that more and more people are changing their minds on #brexit.@kjf12345  for speaking out on such a divisive issue. Loads of people feel like you & are #remainernowLet’s hope MPs do their job & we get #finalsay 
This isn't comparable, Kevin. The UK won't exist when Scotland becomes independent. Also, Scotland isn't in the post indyref negotiation stage for independence, but the UK is in the post EU referendum negotiation stage for Brexit.  
THANK YOU for ALL you are doing & the leadership and Backbone you are trying to instil in the Labour Party over Brexit. Im an ex Tory voter but will vote strategically over the most important issue facing our country. Until its resolved, nothing else can be sorted out properly 
I think basically there will or won't be a referendum to decide if the people do or don't want to leave the EU after Labour does or doesn't openly declare itself either way in order to keep or not keep the votes of the remainers or leavers it wants to appeal to when it suits. 
Calling for a referendum on Mrs  May’s Brexit deal on Nigel Farage’s @LBC show 
Why should the Scottish government or SNP campaign for a second EU referendum when Scotland ALREADY voted against leaving? As a price of backing one there would need to be a 4 nation lock this time or agreement to devolve treaty making powers to Scotland if we vote the same ways. 
Yes please! The UK is unwilling to do it - the EU is going to 'go after' Britain's tax havens (if it doesn't meet its #Brexit trade demands). The EU's blacklist was farcical, politicised but how far will the British govt go to protect its satellite havens?  
I'd be fucking delighted if Sturgeon stopped Brexit. The seethe from hardline right wing Tories, UKippers & far left pseudo- Commie Corbynista's would be absolutely fucking magic. 
In my experience, the primary motivating factor for many Leave voters was and still is a fear of Islam, and transparent attempts to link it to the EU by the likes of Farage ("Breaking Point").Brexit was the clearest strategic victory ISIS ever had.#StopBrexit#FBPE 
Increasing numbers of EU-trained ambulance staff are quitting the #NHS, raising fears of a #Brexit drain from the 999 service just as concern over slow response times grows. 
I hope this isn’t the case. Labour must stop supporting Tory plans for an extreme Brexit, and instead join with the SNP and other parties to protect our place in the single market and customs union. People’s jobs, incomes, and living standards are at stake  
but don't worry, hard-core Remainers, because if public support for Brexit falls to 10% (according to Emily Thornberry this morning) then Corbyn might reconsider 
Nicola Sturgeon to decide on a second Scottish independence referendum by the end of 2018 
Brexit vote may be reversed, says British campaigner Farage  
Leavers like to wear the mantle of patriotism. Don't let them! #Brexit is anything but patriotic. From Putin to Trump, Farage to Fox, #Brexit is a calculated betrayal of our country. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Dear Heidi and WesI trust Jeremy Corbyn and Keir Starmer to do what’s right, importantly at the right time on Brexit. Regards TomPS I want a Labour government ASAP with Corbyn as PM. I also want to stop Brexit, if possible @heidi_mp @wesstreeting @jeremycorbyn @Keir_Starmer 
Why is Labour being deceitful on #Brexit? Corbyn today stated UK cannot be a member of the Single Market after Brexit. 100% WRONG. Norway, Iceland & Liechtenstein all in the Single Market & not EU. How long until Labour sort themselves out on Brexit?  
On Tues 16 Jan Mcr4EU will be presenting a letter at the office of @AndyBurnhamGM requesting that Brexit Impact Studies are carried out for our region. Please join us  & @SODEMAction between 12-2pm at Churchgate House M1 6EU #Lobby #BrexitShambles 
Corbyn's position is both that under Labour Britain would remain a member of the Single Market after Brexit for a transition period, and also that it is impossible to remain a member of the Single Market after Brexit.   
Deceitful Labour Leader @jeremycorbyn rules out second Brexit vote NOW – but dodges questions about future stance   
Brexit bill leaves a hole in UK human rights  
This from @Andrew_Adonis : We need a new Attlee Govt: NO BREXIT AND TACKLE THE SOCIAL CRISIS BOLDLY! This from @EmilyThornberry "we do as we are instructed and we are leaving the EU"Compare and contrast. 
Crystal Clear Corbyn on EU! This is brilliant... extremely responsible, balanced & mature stance. Shows Labour team is thinking of all of the electorate rather than just the 52% or the 48%!! #forthemany #Brexitshambles #Brexit #Torymess #forthemany 
UK cannot avoid a choice between regulatory divergence —that means customs and tariffs— and cleaving close to EU rules having neither voice nor vote about their content.Brexit means out. 
Brexit - People have changed their mindsSwansea The people of Swansea have changed their minds on Brexit.“People increasingly in Swansea are saying that’s not what I voted for”#StopBrexit#FBPE#FinalSay 
Lord Adonis tells @Nigel_Farage it would be "absolutely appropriate" for House of Lords to say there should be a referendum on final Brexit deal #FarageOnLBC 
There is not another customs union available. There is not another kind of single market available.Corbyn has to choose the ones on offer or the end result is Brexit.I believe he is utterly cynical. 
Emily Thornberry opens door to second Brexit referendum if public opinion changes:  
Nicola Sturgeon is 'to decide' whether to hold Indyref2 by the end of 2018. Did she not get the picture from #GE2017- we don't want another referendum! #Marr 
UKIP prepare for war if Government fails to deliver on Brexit.  
Ha!In the past hour and a half - I've muted six FGPE tag users - who seem to believe that personal attacks on me - will reverse #BrexitSorry to disappoint folks - I'm just a twitter hack ! 
Corbyn yet again stating he is in total agreement with Tory #Brexit policy. Rules out Single Market membership but demands tariff free access to the European market, the Tory position.  
This is ridiculous There cannot be ‘a customs union’ and ‘bilateral trade agreements’ unless you go for a Turkey style partial customs union which will be devastating to our business and the Irish border issues.You cannot reform the customs union by Brexit,Fool.  
."I think most of [Corbyn's] supporters will be deeply disappointed that he appears to be only SLIGHTLY less in favour of a hard Brexit than the Tories are.”. 
I've reached the end of my tether with Labour "Remainers" and apologists for such.I don't care if they want to change Labour from within. It's unlikely, due to Labour now being the de-facto Momentum Party, and impractical, due to the ticking time-bomb of Brexit.#FBPE #ABTV 
When Nigel Farage is open to a second referendum, but the leader of the opposition isn't   
With Farage rattled and MPs flexing their muscles, the real #Brexit battle is just beginning -  let's win this time... 
Breaking news: Twitter storm tonight from 6-8pm GMT to launch a new group. Let's get this trending and get organised, because #WeAreTheOppositionNow #FBPE @W_A_T_O_N @guardiannews @Independent @PrivateEyeNews @BBCNews @TheNewEuropean @Brexit_Newz @zeitonline @SPIEGEL_English 
Corbyn, lying about Brexit. Again. #StopBrexit2018 
BBC presenters @bbclaurak @afneil & @AndrewMarr9 all call us Remoaners on their shows... What condescending name have they ever casually dropped into conversation to refer to those who didn't accept the result of the 1975 referendum? 
Stop listening to those stupid twats in Brusselsthey are in panic modethe day we LEAVE and stop financing them the EU becomes bankrupt, and they know itWhat we are seeing from the EU is all panic bluff and blusterThe EU only survives because Theresa May is sabotaging BREXIT.  
Imagine what would happen if we had a referendum where the question was, “should we allow the Bank of England to continue to set interest rates or should we reduce the rate to zero forever?”Reducing a complex problem to a simple question was always a flawed proposition. 
The #Brexit bill will not protect people’s human rights in the UK as the government promised. Find out more about our concerns in a joint letter we've signed with @EHRC, @libertyhq, @fawcettsociety and other experts. 
The @ScotTories Constitution spokesperson @ProfTomkins on the Brexit bill: "The political price of enacting legislation without consent [from the Scottish Parliament] might be quite significant indeed" #bbcsp Scotland 
No it’s all about your “constitutional obsession”. We need a First Minister who will bring Scotland together not continue to do her best to divide us and keep the scars of the referendum campaign open through the SNP politics of grievance and division. #WeSaidNoThanks 
If you've realized that Brexit:- loses staff vital to the NHS- will damage/ruin our economy- cuts us off fro our nearest neighbours& even Trump won't rescue us from our isolationTime to campaign for Remain. #FBPE 
Voting against the EU withdrawal bill is tantamount to voting against #Brexit! 
Starmer and Labour have 6 tests for #Brexit, the last one states UK must retain exact same benefits currently afforded by membership of single market and customs union.Holding Davis to account for his own words.Hard Brexit narrative is garbage#Marr #bbcsp  
Martin Pike of @VeteransBritain on why we should spend Foreign Aid on Commonwealth security after Brexit  
In what way are remainers winning the argument? One party, the Lib Dems, have pledged a second referendum. They are irrelevant. Only 15% want Brexit to be cancelled. We are leaving the EU, get over it. 
There is no doubt that at every election in Europe now, those opposed to mass migration and EU centralisation are winning support. When Brussels is reduced to threatening the likes of Poland and Hungary with sanctions, you know the system is breaking down. #Brexit 
There’s no way we support a second referendum it’s a point of principle say Labour...unless of course the people show they are in favour, then.... Of course if you don’t like these principles we have plenty of others  
The EU is launching a $1.2 billion supercomputing plan—without Britain  
Jeremy Corbyn refuses to rule out second referendum on Brexit #premium 
'Unless we get ourselves organized we could lose the historic victory that was #Brexit' - @Nigel_Farage 
‘@georgegalloway: What Britain will bring back from the second stage negotiations in Brussels can only be a package so enfeebled that it will not be a Brexit at all, or a package which will not pass a meaningful vote in Parliament. 
Brexit Minister @Feorlean on the outcome of Brexit: "The least bad option is continued membership of the single market and the customs union" #bbcsp Scotland 
Can we please all agree that IF we go for a second referendum 16 year olds are also given the vote. 
‘Don’t Brexit, because that’s not an answer to anything’ says @Andrew_Adonis 
Day 570 after Brexit vote: #marr actually said *when we leave the EU - IF we leave the EU*. 
Vg debate with @Nigel_Farage @LBC - pleased he was pessimistic re Brexit and by how many pro Remain callers came in  
Barry Gardiner has done a brilliant job of speaking an awful lot while saying almost nothing about Brexit on #BBCSP. This is, after all, Labour’s precise policy. 
Jeremy Corbyn continues to parrot the right-wing #Brexit lie that leaving the EU means leaving the Single Market, to which he adds David Davis style drivel about 'access'. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
It was made clear that there wouldn’t be a second referendum.  
BREXIT: Emily Thornberry opens door to second Brexit referendum if public opinion changes / #Brexit #Labour 
"There is zero credible evidence to suggest leaving the #singlemarket will bring any benefit to our economy. Indeed, as our analysis will show - the harder the #Brexit the worse will be the outcome." #NicolaSturgeon #FBPE 
They want to Brexit. We want to Fixit. 
Sturgeon: Corbyn supporters at odds with his Brexit stance  
Alastair Campbell tells @Nigel_Farage why he hates the term "second referendum" adding he was pessimistic because "Brexit will happen and it will be a disaster"  
Britain's Labour Party does not support second EU referendum: Corbyn  
PROFILE:Lord Farage: Hero of Brexit:• Facing unemployment as MEP• Can’t get elected as MP• No US job offers• Can’t return to banking• No pension payments for 12yrs• Goes to EU to talk tough; returns suggesting second referendum.• Divorce payments imminent  
All Nigel Farage’s comments on a second referendum did was give the ‘ultra-Remainers’ “succour, comfort and support”, says @Steven_Woolfe 
About to go head to head with Nigel Farage on LBC on his leadership of the Brexit Establishment wrecking the country! 
No 3rd referendum!  
The new constitution will be adopted by the Nigerian people through a referendum, such that it can genuinely lay claim to the prefix, “We the people of the Federal Republic of Nigeria…” #SOTN 
.Brexit Means.... "The cost of wheat surged after the referendum & supermarkets have passed the price hike onto customers.". 
1/ What you fail to understand is that you & #Brexit created #Remainers, a fast growing British proEU movement. Before #EURef if pro EU you did not need to be active or engaged. Now we bloody well do. #FBPE #WeAreTheOppositionNow #StopBrexitSaveBritain #Remain #StopBrexit 
Walking down road with 10 year old daughter and she suddenly says "do you realise that our country ranks 27th for maths and 22nd for reading in the world? I mean how bad is that - and people wonder about Brexit." The next generation is secured people. #ProudDad 
Either Jeremy Corbyn is incompetent or he’s a fool. Either way, he seems determined to drag us out of the European Union on the back of a Tory Hard Brexit  
#Brexit shock (to some!) of No Deal to COST EU £507bnNo Deal cost to EU:Loss of £38 Billion “divorce” paymentBill for £433 Billion in tariffsPlus balance of trade surplus with UK of £36 BillionTotal LOSS to #EU of £507 BillionSo glad we're Leaving 
Another major #brexit lie debunked !... the EU does not make our laws, we do !Well done Ken Clarke !... but why is @DavidDavisMP still in his job ?#StopBrexit2018#StopBrexitSaveBritain pic.twitter.com/RaFW2QpRbw 
Corbyn says Labour isn't calling for a 2nd referendum. He doesn't rule it out either. Unlike the Tories and Lib Dems he hasn't backed Labour into a corner. The best position to be in.  
Brexit shock: No deal will cost EU £500billion  
Sturgeon: "There is zero credible evidence to suggest leaving the single market will bring any benefit to our economy. Indeed, as our analysis shows - the harder the Brexit the worse will be the outcome."  
Lord @Andrew_Adonis notes that his party's leader @jeremycorbyn did not seem to rule out a second EU referendum "in the future" when talking to  
Pretty certain there was a 19th Labour Party position on Brexit there. Can't really tell anymore.  
Ultimately Corbyn has said give the Tories enough rope to hang themselves with Brexit and we'll see what mess they leave us when they've screwed it up. Given he's the opposition and not a mind reader, this seems a sensible position to take for now.  
Total absence of leadership from @JeremyCorbyn on the biggest threat facing the country. If Labour continue to back Tory plans for an extreme Brexit they’ll be just as culpable for the economic catastrophe it causes and the devastation to jobs, incomes & living standards  
For all Farage's affable mainstream fascism, one thing I've never doubted is his commitment to Brexit. But maybe a bit of him really does regret vote to leave. Rather campaign for an undeliverable fantasy than watch it explode in your face and be exposed as the charlatan you are 
 Delighted that #JeremyCorbyn has emphasised the importance of the Parliamentary vote on the final #brexitdeal (which will be last chance to change course) and not ruled out a #referendum on it. 
I am calling for Henry Bolton to resign as UKIP leader . A quick resignation is now essential to allow the party to regroup and campaign properly for Brexit 
Farage has let the cat out of the bag: Brexit is not a settled issue. Labour should seize the initiative and give the people the final say. My article for @LabourList 
Labour's position on Brexit as clear as ever  
."Nicola Sturgeon's opposition to Brexit is KEY to forcing a second EU referendum, former Labour cabinet minister Andrew Adonis has said.". 
Stark difference between interviewees on #marr. @NicolaSturgeon has clear and concise opinion on Brexit options backed by substance that the Scottish Government are prepared to publish and be judged on. Let's hope others follow so that public can come to conclusions based on fact  
A significant moment for those that wish to tackle a hard Tory Brexit, to protect jobs and living standards.  
“Time is running out to stop the disaster of an extreme, job-destroying Brexit”: @NicolaSturgeon 
Brexit will have not only horrendous political, but also horrendous economic and social consequences. I consider those worse, much more serious and much more long term, than any backlash to abandoning Brexit.  
 @NicolaSturgeon: Nicola Sturgeon: the hard Brexiteers have had their chance and failed. #Marr #Brexit  
Some Leavers say the EU is a dictatorship. As can be seen here this is absolutely false. The EU has more safeguards against the abuse of democracy than the UK.#Remain #FBPE #Brexit #StopBrexit #LeaveLies 
Staying in the single market & the customs union would be "least damaging" post-Brexit option, says Scotland's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon #Marr 
FM: "I still believe whatever future Scotland chooses for itself, and you know what side of the fence I lie on, that future should not be imposed on it." #marr #Brexit 
FM: "I believe that there is a majority in the House of Commons for staying in the Single Market, if Labour gets its act together." #Marr #Brexit 
Nicola Sturgeon is looking at the facts about #Brexit; Theresa May is looking at the fiction. That's the difference.And it's an important difference.  #marr 
FM: "The @scotgov will publish impact assessments on three possible outcomes… Each of these outcomes will damage our economy but staying in the Single Market will have the least impact on economic growth." #Brexit #marr 
"Shameful that UK gov has not even bothered to look at the impact of Brexit" says @NicolaSturgeon. Scotgov paper on Impact of Brexit on GDP, trade, and importance of immigration due tomorrow 
Sturgeon: We're releasing impact studies on different models of Brexit - including one where we stay in the Customs Union and Single Market. All the models will have a negative impact, but staying in CU and SM will have smallest negative impact. #Marr 
WATCH | @EmilyThornberry suggests it's no big deal if we don't have a trade deal with the U.S after Brexit because "we have been trading perfectly successfully with the U.S without a trade deal anyway."So why can't we do the same with the EU, Emily?  
#StopBrexit #FPBE #PCPEU #BrexitThere's some confusion as to whether Corbyn is a Remainer, so let's have a poll.Is Corbyn a Remainer (aiming to keep Britain in the EU)? 
Brexit is a reversible process if the British people decide it's not the right path - we are not tied to the train tracks. Even Nigel knows it.  
Brexit vote may be reversed, says British campaigner Farage  
Disappointed but no surprised to see @EmilyThornberry repeating her non-commital “We’re leaving but we’re not going far” line on #Marr The Labour Party continue to play a two-faced game with their supporters on #Brexit#TheCorbynCon 
Shadow Foreign Sec Thornberry says: “We must respect result of referendum - which means we have to leave, but we have to look after the economy which in my view means we don’t have to go very far” 
That’s the first time that #Marr has used the word “if” when referring to leaving the EU. #Brexit 
Remain are winning the argument because Brexit has NO benefits. 
As the #Brexit Bill returns to Parliament this week equality and Human Rights protections must not be weakened. See our warning with other experts in today’s @guardian 
Mr Corbyn needs to understand that while he backs Brexit he is fighting for the interests of the few against the many. 
Pleased to sign this letter with others. The Govt’s ‘Right by Right Analysis’ doesn’t fix the problem, it shows it.Brexit Withdrawal Bill leaves a hole in UK human rights, warn leading experts incl @EHRC @libertyhq @AmnestyUK @fawcettsociety. #Charter 
EU to lose £500bn and UK to gain £640bn in no-deal Brexit  
Khan focuses on Brexit, Trump, gender issues – whilst youngsters are killed on London’s streets  
Nigel Farrage is back in the public eye as he didn't get the career he thought he'd get in the US - no Fox News talking head offer no Breitbart job. He now has to refight the referendum because he has no bloody career. Pleas #marr & #bbcnews stop giving this man publicity 
My argument on @pestononsunday: we must do better than current offer to the British people, which is either Brexit+laissez faire (Mrs May) or Brexit+social reform which will be hobbled by Brexit (Labour). We need a new Attlee Govt: NO BREXIT AND TACKLE THE SOCIAL CRISIS BOLDLY! 
Scotgov to publish Brexit impact assessment tomorrow - see @nicolasturgeon this morning on #Marr 
Nicola Sturgeon says it "beggars belief" that the UK is unable to say what relationship it wants with the EU 18 months on from the Brexit vote  
UKGov cant find money to save OUR NHS but can find it for Brexit, Virgincare, Railways, DUP Bribe and will no doubt find it for a Carillion bailout - friends of friends eh - but not for you and I 
.@Number10gov @ukhomeoffice Should UKIP be prosecuted under the Terrorism Act 2006 for inciting war if government does not deliver their version of Brexit?  
Brexit bill leaves a hole in UK human rights  Labour will propose an amendment to the withdrawal bill when it returns to the Commons on Tuesday, aimed at retaining the charter as part of UK law. 
It’s not their salaries that trouble me, it’s their failure to hold the government to account when hosting the programmes where that should be done. Brexit is clearly a shambles and May et al get a free pass!  
5. I'm not surprised at that - I know that the EU is strong on defending its citizens rights (eg data protection, working time directive etc). It's a shame so many #Brexit voters don't. 
1. Yesterday my parents announced they don't think I should have a vote on anything in the UK, because I don't live there. I'm guessing this is a very common view. Post #Brexit I will no longer have a vote anywhere, so I will have NO voice. My #citizensrights are being taken away 
When the architect of the the clusterf**k says this about the #StopBrexit #Remain movement, you know you are winning!#SundayMotivation Our historic Brexit vote could be reversed, admits Nigel Farage  
Likewise, at a meeting this week to discuss Brexit implications for UK science & scientific advice, I couldn’t help thinking: ‘this is a huge waste of time & effort, distracting us from far more important challenges.’   
Labour rule out cross-party Brexit amendment  Despite being on the look-out for weeks, the search party has still been unable to locate the Opposition in Westminster (apart from @SODEM, of course). 
How and why Britain might be asked to vote again on Brexit | Andrew Rawnsley  
Our historic Brexit vote could be reversed, admits Nigel Farage  
Scotland to veto Brexit? ..will rest of UK have to follow Scotland's will? #Marr :)) 
I see the FBPE attacks on Labour are continuing. You can’t beat a strategy of attacking the party that isn’t in government as a strategy to defeat the party in government that brought you Brexit. Said no serious person ever 
EXCLUSIVE: "NHS EMPLOYS MORE EU27 STAFF THAN EVER" Devastating #Brexit Facts4EU Special Report rocks Remoaner medics and the BBC:  
The absolute desperation of Adonis - ganging up with a fringe regional politician who is using the Brexit issue to pursue the only cause she cares about which is blowing apart the United Kingdom & to hell with the consequences for ordinary folk.  
My #MessageInABottle2EUDear @guyverhofstadt please ignore most of the British media/press they lied in referendum campaign & still do today. Millions of us want to #Remain!  RT & tag your #EU friend/politician today!#FBPE #StopBrexit #DesertedIslandDiscs 
Excellent article by William KeeganIt is becoming more & more obvious that the younger generation are threatened not only by the prospect of Brexit but by an accumulation of economic problems, epitomised by the depleted condition of public services.  
Thank you for representing all of us who have campaigned tirelessly for 18 months. The big question we've been asking all this time: "How will Brexit benefit our lives?" If you can ask both that, you'll speak for millions! #FBPE #StopBrexit #FinalSayForAll #DesertedIslandDiscs 
I can't believe that anyone who voted to join the European Common Market ever thought that one day this trading organisation would control their governments, their banks and their armed forces.#Brexit #Brexiteers #EUref2 #LeaveEU 
Germany's largest banking business Deutsche Bank will move hundreds, rather than thousands, of jobs from the UK to the Continent because of Brexit, chief executive John Cryan has said. Reports that 4,000 will move from London are way too high, he says.  pic.twitter.com/E0s9K1ICzR 
The EU along with the Mutineers are working to stop Brexit we either fight for it or go down & get swallowed up by a federal state 
On @pestononsunday after Jeremy Corbyn, on the imperative for a new Attlee govt to defeat Brexit. Then at 11.30 up against the de facto Prime Minister, Nigel Farage, on why there should be a referendum on his & Mrs May’s Brexit terms. 
David Davis and Philip Hammond as a pair of beggars begging for a #brexit trade deal  
With a post-Brexit Britain leaving us isolated, we're compiling a playlist of #DesertedIslandDiscs 1. Don't reply, but Tweet your song/music with the hashtag #DesertedIslandDiscs &  #FBPE For isnpsiration, check out @IAmMardikins @NME @thevoiceuk #marr 
Scotland has key part to play in campaign for a referendum on Mrs May’s Brexit terms  
The Politics of Envy:Regret to inform my followers that John Humphrys hasn't been sacked but still earns more than a Brain Surgeon for spouting his pro Brexit agenda down a microphone. You could employ 4 or 5 perfectly competent independent journalists for the money. #FBPE 
70% of Labour's constituencies voted leave. 70% of Labour voters voted Remain. That is no easy circle to square but I'd say by gaining us 3 million extra votes in GE, Jeremy Corbyn is doing the best he can. So let's cut him some slack & respect Jeremy Corbyn on Brexit! #RJCOB 
Brexiters have failed to deliver.They have been given every opportunity. Brexit is a failure.  
To be fair, it’s about as coherent as most of the arguments for Brexit.......  
In pursuing Brexit, the government have sabotaged the very contractor that delivers most of their infrastructure projects. The poison of Brexit spreads uncontrollably. 
This article on Carillion now looks strikingly prophetic: #Brexit #Carillion 
Labour are being urged to join a cross-party bid to keep the UK in the single market and customs union after Brexit. Is it time Labour declared its position on Brexit?  
#Brexit Have  a wonderful Sunday  everyone. Let’s have a day without Brexit bashing & Donald Trump bashing talking doom & gloom never stops in . Go shopping, go down pub, or listen to some brilliant music . No swearing  please its Sunday FFS  
The EU is going to 'go after' Britain's tax havens if it doesn't meet its Brexit trade demands Brilliant!Some Brexit supporters may start having regrets ... #taxavoidance#Brexitshambles 
EU does good, UK government takes credit.  UK government fails, blame the EU.Drip feed this for 40 years, paint a bus with lies, wheel in a bunch of UKIP fascists, print some bigoted propaganda in the gutter tabloids and you get #Brexit. 
“Trump’s deteriorating relationship with Britain is likely to kill off any lingering cabinet hopes of a swift post-Brexit trade deal with the United States, a former British ambassador to Washington has warned” >> Now we need to kill off #Brexit  
An opportunity to defeat the Tories and Corbyn walks away from it. Totally betrayed by the man that puts his version of socialism before the interests of the people.Shameful support for May. Indefensible.Stop Brexit.#FBPE 
Brexit shock: No deal will cost EU £500billion  
Deutsche Bank CEO expects to move far fewer than 4,000 jobs for #Brexit  
Labour rule out cross-party Brexit amendment . Corbyn throwing his full weight behind May’s Brexit. Rejects final vote. Shameful betrayal.Stop Brexit.#FBPE 
Sturgeon: ‘More than 18 months from the Brexit vote, it beggars belief that the UK government is not only unable to say what kind of relationship it wants with the EU, but has also failed to produce any economic assessment of the different possibilities’  
Petition: Parliament's vote on the Brexit deal must include an option to remain in the EU. Let’s get these numbers up.....many more needed! #fbpe #remain #brexit #secondreferendum 
Sturgeon: UK Brexit plan 'beggars belief'  
4/ that is the benefit of EEA/EU membership that the Govt has ruled out.Even more surprising the tariff modelling he did were not based on the Tariff Schedules that the Govt agreed with the Eu (& were predicted prior to Brexit).Meanwhile this is where we are. Slow handclap.  
2/ remember the Bof E took early action to stave off the immediate shock of Brexit with QE and Bonds.  And we haven’t left yet.3/ We know that Minford’s projections are based on the surprising assumption that a hard Brexit (inc FTA) will result in frictionless tariff free trade 
People Are Shook That Fictional Character 'Scooby Doo' Voted Leave In The EU Referendum #ScoobyDoo 
I'm 64 but the trashing of the hopes and aspirations of our young people by Brexit is one of my main motivations for continuing to fight it. 
EU to lose £500bn and UK to gain £640bn in no-deal Brexit, economist claims  
And now we get White Supremacists in the UK, calling themselves the White Pendragons, disrupting the Mayor of London with pro-Trump & anti-EU slogans, whilst erecting a mock gallows outside...  #Brexit #FBPE 
Chris Riddell on calls for a second referendum and Theresa May’s new green agenda - political cartoon gallery in Putney  
How populist attitudes in the electorate beautifully predict voting Leave in Brexit and voting UKIP in general elections.  
INTHENEWS: #Sturgeon: UK Brexit plan 'beggars belief' Obviously the ghastly Sturgeon hasn't seen herself in the newspapers lately!  
It’s time for @UKLabour to come out and definitively say In or Out & fully explain their Strategy and produce a complete report on the effects of  Brexit... Leading requires courage @jeremycorbyn #StopBrexit  
So it's OK for company executives like that vacume cleaner chap, that pub fellow, the BBC and others to talk up Brexit... but not the opposite view... The Nazis had the same rules and we know what happened after that...  
Labour rule out cross-party Brexit amendment  
Lord Jesus,Once again the Germans have gone mad and want to abduct us.The English were more expert (Brexit), the Poles and Hungarians closed their borders.Europe has turned into chaos.What to do Sir ??  
Obviously I know #NoDeal would be a disaster.But my task is to get people who voted Brexit on our side. Forcing them into a decision between what they would consider a strong-armed EU deal and EU membership, is not the way to do that.Hence my suggestion to keep it on the table 
BREXIT: My friend David Davis once defended liberty. Now he has become its enemy | Henry Porter /#Brexit #Toxic 
Pleased to sign this letter. @fawcettsociety #FaceHerFuture campaign highlights impact of #Brexit on women's rights.  
Brexit chaos. NHS chaos - Universial Credit chaos - railway chaos - Carillion chaos Homeless chaos - Prisons chaos - Schools chaos - Social Care chaos - there seems to be a common theme here - so we will make up some rubbish about Jeremy Corbyn and tell you about that instead.  
Which economist is that? Oh, Patrick Minford again. If he were right, our GDP growth would not have plummeted on Brexit from top to bottom of G7... it would have surged in anticipation of all this free money.  
This is the frustration level reasonable people are driven to by the thoughtless partisanship of Labour Remainers.Brexit kills everything good any party might want to do.  
Brexit can be reversed, says Farage.The #StopBrexit campaign is getting to him. We have right on our side, and we will win. Keep up the pressure. #FBPE. 
UKIP should be shut down after this disgraceful tweet. Brexit's doing such harm.  
Trump row could kill off swift post-Brexit trade deal, says former UK envoy  
My MP Chris Heaton Harris blocked me for asking about brexit, agreed the steady erosion is appalling 
The only way to fix the divide created by Brexit is to agree on the one thing we can all agree on: Brexit will affect our grown-up children more.It strips them of their identity as politically European, so it's on parents to respect their wishes. 
Oh and guess who often talks of need for a ‘Patrick Minford Brexit’? Yep, Jacob Rees Mogg... 
Actual polling consistently showing the public is against #brexit - the Yougov poll tracker confirms this! The #willofthepeople argument has always been flawed but it seriously is now!This is the real reason brexiteers (except mayber Farage) do not want a #finalsayforall 
By refusing to bring home the Charter, the Government is breaking its promise to protect our rights after #Brexit, says Liberty @EHRC @AmnestyUK @fawcettsociety @NAT_AIDS_Trust @JustFairUK. Let’s hope MPs stand up for their constituents and put that right this week. 
‘Our historic Brexit vote could be reversed,’ admits Farage.Brexit can be stopped. It should be stopped. And it will be stopped.It’s time to #StopBrexit. #FBPE.  
Fears of Brexit drain as European ambulance staff quit the NHS.So sad. Let’s send a clear message that EU citizens are welcome here.#StopBrexit to help save the NHS.#FBPE. #NHSLove. 
This was revealed in my @UKHouseofLords debate on human rights post Brexit. Govt would not commit to Human Rights Act or European Convention on Human Rights beyond this Parliament. Have written to the Minister.  
#Brexit Bill leaves a hole in UK #humanrights say leading experts, including @ehrc @libertyhq @AmnestyUK @fawcettsociety @NAT_AIDS_Trust @JustFairUK  
Nah! #Brexit harms the UK & as a Patriot I defend my country from harm & fight to ensure we #StopBrexit & stay at the table with all these wonderful vetoes & opt outs with maximum control & influence; not become lapdogs to the US & China!#ConfirmTheWill Binding #FinalSay 2018 
EU to lose £500bn and UK to gain £640bn in no-deal Brexit, economist claimsRemainers didn't know what they were voting for.  via @Telegraph 
#skypapers Bloody bore Rachel Shabi on again always on BBC and Skypapers why. I hate Donald Trump and I hate  Brexit. That’s it every time she’s on get somone else on. Who backing Donald Trump &  Brexit make a change  from that Remoaner bore.     
I've seen this absolutely shameless lie a couple of times today. It's the kind of blatant dishonesty most of us Remainers have become familiar with from the far right. Now we're seeing it from the Labour Left. #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit  
The fucking state of this! Fucking war? War against fucking who? With fucking what? Stroll the fuck on. Fuck Brexit. Report this fucking threat against our country. pic.twitter.com/9eFMJsuHIk 
Sir Vince Cable says public should have final say on Brexit deal and he would accept vote even if it was ‘Leave’  
UKIP desperate to counter their slump into irrelevance so are threatening “war” if Brexit stopped. They want outrage & interaction to boost their social media presence. Don’t fall into the trap of replying/quote-tweeting. Just go to the account & report for threatening violence.  
Our front page'Sturgeon can stop Brexit'#tomorrowspaperstoday #scotpapers #buyapaper 
'First -class idea' Liam Fox joins call for special stamps to mark Brexit  
Corbyn & McDonnell supporters always say I’m anti labour. I’ve never been anti labour just anti Brexit & Lexit. BTW this is my brilliant local Labour MP Ruth Cadbury. Sacked by Corbyn for wanting UK to stay in SM  
Our historic Brexit vote could be reversed, admits Nigel Farage  
Brexit has revealed how craven many once respected British institutions actually are. Telegraph case in point. Once serious newspaper, now fanzine 
Some Remainers like to avoid conflict. They'd prefer to sort out Brexit by being nice to Leavers. But while I respect that view, I can't share it. I can't show respect to those who support racism, fascism, the removal of rights, and the destruction of our constitutional democracy  
UKIP preparing for war over second referendum.  
Ken Clarke - Why I'm voting against Brexit  @EUflagmafia @TheNewEuropean @UKIPNFKN @Anti__UKIP @vincecable @LibDems @nickreeves9876 @JeanneBartram @JamesMelville @BrexitBin @dontbrexitfixit @BeamaBeorg @kmqkatie @mikegalsworthy take notes  @jeremycorbyn 
If you respect Jeremy Corbyn on Brexit please follow me using #RJCOB in your tweet/bio and I'll follow you back. 
EU to lose £500bn and UK to gain £640bn in no-deal Brexit, economist claims #premium 
Nigel Farage stars in BREX WISH2 a one trick pony needs a sequel @Nigel_Farage! #FinalSay #brexit  
Those who aren’t happy with Brexit, those who don’t want Britain to take a back seat in the World, those who want us to work closely with our friends and allies in Europe to build a better world, must not lose the will to battle on. @thomasbrake 
Not many things bring the Brexit and Remain internet lads together like the way the general consensus that the McCann's murdered their wean does. 
Here you go Brexit Britain. We will likely have significant negative wage growth this year. Conservative government, are you proud? I feel proud? Do you feel proud? By the way UK, we can reverse the leave decision. Maybe we should? #StopBrexit #FBPE 
If I didn’t know better, I’d think he wanted #Brexit overturned, just so he can keep on fighting. You won, @Nigel_Farage. Get over it. 
I will never forgive the British for putting Alexandra Burke through hell on Strictly when she should have been having the time of her life. Bring on Brexit and the final nail in the coffin for this "family of nations". 
Barnier demands EU controls UK fishing after Brexit as he issues Phase 2 red lines  
If you want an illustration of the madness & folly of Brexit, the strength & support of a whole continent that we are throwing away on a misinformed whim, and the criminal incompetence of this government, here it is.  
Err ...Why do I think Brexit is racist?1. Because every racist in the UK voted for it.2. Because UKIP even used Nazi imagery in its campaign.3. Because FOM is a red line for all Brexit supporting parties.4. Because every single Brexit argument ends up with immigration.  
The USA has Trump, we have Brexit. We both suffer embarrassment at 2 great countries losing influence in the world. God only knows what historians will make of this mess. 
....which may be precisely why Nigel Farage says he's open to a "Second Referendum" rather than a #FinalSay on the deal. 
Trump row could kill off swift post-Brexit trade deal, says former UK envoy  
There is no difference between Tories & LabourJeremy Corbyn confirmed that the Labour Party is committed to ripping Scotland & the UK out of the Single Market and Customs Union - with the same plans for a jobs-destroying Brexit as the UK Tory government.  
Brexit, Poland, Hungary, Austria, Czech Republic, potentially Italy, Greece in ruins, Ukraine in civil war, mass youth unemployment, dwindling share of world GDP, multiple terror attacks, a drunk President. But apart from that the EU is great. #FBPE 
The NS Q&A with @wmarybeard: On Brexit, the Emperor Nero and Hillary Clinton: 
There is no socialism in going it alone or a 'jobs first Brexit' outside the Single Market - from my @thefabians speech: 
The horrifying true story of how France used the EU to undermine British agriculture  #Brexit 
I just love it when @guyverhofstadt oh so politely trolls @theresa_may#Brexit #StopBrexit #FBPE #ABTV#FinalSay #FinalSayForAll #WeAreTheOppositionNow 
Quickest & easiest move Govt could take to help NHS would be an #ExitFromBrexitAs well as stopping loss of experienced trained staff, it'd save the cost of #Brexit and boost the economy, increasing tax take. Making it easier to find more cash for NHS. 
Arlene Foster Brexit statement 'different in tone, but not policy' – @moneillsf  
We've provided you with free movement of labour, goods, services and capital. Ensured mutual certification of goods and a  harmonized VAT payment system across Europe. But best of all we made maternity leave, sick pay and holiday pay a legal right. 
We stood up against the racists today and for our progressive, internationalist beliefs. Thanks to @Channel4Newsfor covering it.For a country we can be proud of again, we're campaigning to #StopBrexitCorbyn under pressure over Brexit  via @Channel4News 
Sadiq Khan is a lying *no-mark* - elevated beyond his intellectual capacity. He doesn't speak for 17.4 million++ Brexit voters. He's a political embarrassment. IMHO  
Game, set and match to @guyverhofstadt! #Brexit  
..just in time for their first fantasy post brexit trade deal.. 
Do you think we as a country will ever achieve a real Brexit?Out of the Single MarketOut of the Customs UnionOut of the jurisdiction of the ECJ#ForTheNation#OutNow 
Please help me send millions of messages to our #EUFriends!Re-Tweet this and tag in your friends, EU press, EU politicians - we need them to help challenge the perception that we all want #Brexit, when more of us want #StopBrexit2018 #FBPE @albawhitewolf @W_A_T_O_N @emmyzen 
Macron's visit next week should be a perfect opportunity for Theresa May to bend his ear on Brexit - if only she knew what she was pushing for  
I would kindly ask Corbyn supporters to note that we Remainers have devoted vast amounts of time & effort attacking the Tories. We've organised tactical voting for Labour & voted Labour. So please don't accuse us of attacking Corbyn & not the Tories.#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit 
#RETWEET & #SHARE if you think @SadiqKhan @MayorofLondon is making Our Great City of #London a #SHITHOLE & needs to #Resign today! #BBC #SKY @LBC @daily_politics @UKLabour #Labour #SadiqKhan #MayorofLondon @Conservatives @ConHome #Momentum #UK #EU #USA #BREXIT @realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/LcXm7guWT7 
My God!! @Channel4News is even worse than @BBC or @itvnews. The chunky newsreader (sorry I don’t know his name) doesn’t even attempt to hide his anti Brexit or anti Trump bias. Whatever happened to journalism? 
What a load of total bloody stupidity! We Remainers have devoted vast amounts of time & effort attacking the Tories! We've organised tactical voting for Labour and voted Labour! Now go crawl back into whatever cesspool of paranoia you've emerged from!#StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPe 
Exactly. This is a major reason why #Brexit happened – because our politicians – on the right *and* left – did not engage sufficiently positively or think through (and talk about) the very real value of closer European cooperation.  
Regarding #FBPE attacks on Labour/Corbyn. It's more a mixture of frustration, anger & tactics than anything party political. The thought is that only a very painful hiding will get Labour to cease taking Remainers for granted & stop pandering to Leave voters.#StopBrexit #Brexit 
We had conversations with lots of young students on the street stall today. They are absolutely gutted to the point of despair by Brexit. They were born and have grown up as European Citizens and are being ROBBED! We must fix this for them! #StopBrexit #Remain @Devon4Europe 
This is how Davis, Boris Johnson, Fox, May & Farage should be held to account: no lying, avoiding answering the question & trampling democracy underfoot. The obsequiousness of the BBC & the mendacious self-interest of the tax-avoiding right-wing press barons keep Brexit going.  
I’m half Haitian living in South London. Voted Brexit, and am so pleased that Trump is highlighting the mess Haiti is in. He has his style, and it is inimitable, which probably explains the anger from snowflakes who are offended but don’t know where Haiti is! Hope he comes. 
There are many with the #FBPE hashtag who, under normal service no doubt would be diametrically opposed to my political views.We have parked those differences because we know that leaving the EU is a far bigger issue for the future of our country.#StopBrexit #brexit 
Cost of no Brexit deal? 500,000 fewer British jobs, according to a new study  
Both the apostrophe. and the uppercase 'M' in the word 'Mean's,' confirm that #Brexit belongs to a person called 'Mean'.For the first time in my life, I agree with #UKIP! 
Every Brexit supporting traditional Labour voter needs to see this picture. These people are not for ordinary working class people they support big business, the banks & mass immigration that has affected their lives, communities & their families future. #ForBritain @AMDWaters 
I know I’m biased, so can anyone help me identify a single positive practical outcome from #Brexit vote for #UK to date (actual, not theoretical or ideological)? 
Fears of Brexit drain as more EU27 ambulance staff quit the NHS.We need to #StopBrexit and save the NHS. #FBPE. 
Theresa May leads a govt so lacking in achievements or good news that its resorted to disguising EU directives as it's our policy even as it ridicules the EU to justify #brexit while trusting that the British public is so ill informed they won't notice. What a time to be alive.  
Sunday morning we are planning to get #DesertedIslandDiscs trending, so get your thinking cap on & get ready to share your best songs to represent a deserted post-Brexit Britain! Here's some inspiration: Please RT this so we get all #FBPE involved!  
Liam Fox becomes third Cabinet minister to join the campaign for special Brexit commemorative stamps.Retweet if you support this campaign. #Brexit #OpenBritain 
Michel Barnier is meeting Anna Soubry and Dominic Grieve (along with other members of the Brexit APPG) on Monday. This is an interesting development.   
When you've a potential referendum in May and the two leaders of the biggest parties are silent.  
The Alt Reich hate @SadiqKhan because he represents everything that is good about this great metropolis. Praising Trump and Brexit, this far right group are helping to define the international battle lines around racism and bigotry  
Brexit was a vote for a free Britain says @johnredwood 
The YouGov Brexit tracker continues to show that those who think it is wrong have the edge  via @MSmithsonPB 
When we leave the EUOur economy will shrinkThe tax take will be reducedIndustry will reduce their costs by cutting jobsPublic spending will be cutThe most vulnerable in society will be hit the hardestI am not anti Labour I am pro working class#FBPE #StopBrexit #brexit 
Do you think we want a 2nd referendum (I've only just recovered from the first one). There is no deal & TM hasn't got the guts to just leave  
Fears of Brexit drain as more EU27 ambulance staff quit the NHS  So sad, so unnecessary, so damaging. WE NEED EU CITIZENS. They bring strength, diversity & culture to UK & we'd be so much worse, in so may ways, without them. Enough already! @the3million 
Whilst we disagree with Brexit and the current @UKLabour position, thanks to @Keir_Starmer at #FAB18 for speaking with passion and with Labour values in his heart - a true internationalist 
The Labour leadership is the main obstacle to defeating Brexit. The person most to blame for mad-dog anti-EU-ism is Seamus Milne, whose background doubtless helps to make the harm Brexit will do to working people a matter of indifference.  
More and more Leave voters are changing their minds as the mid-sold lies of the Brexit campaign hit home. Read the comments below from Demos research and  #StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
I really enjoyed that 0-0, a good point and a Hard Brexit performance for the city. I saw some tough challenges and walloped a Chelsea fan after the game. I told you Matthew James would have a good a game. Nice day out and a clean sheet, doesn't get better than that. Cheers bob 
.@Keir_Starmer says unless govt’s Brexit deal guarantees exact same benefits as membership of single market and customs union then Labour will note vote for it. Seems an almost impossible bar to satisfy #Brexit #fab18 
.@RCorbettMEP from the floor at #Fab18 - makes powerful case that we should not rule out any options on Brexit. Met with warm applause. The mood here all day (admittedly London Fabians) has been very open to the #StopBrexit campaign. Encouraging. 
Tories claiming credit for yet another EU policy?  Time for more David Davis' Schooldays!#CreditCards #Brexit #StopBrexit #DavidDavis #Remain #Brexitshambles #EU #FBPE 
We want an exit from Brexit by giving people a vote on the deal. Which is what 80% of Labour activists want too - Why does he keep ignoring them?  
Obviously this does not pick up traffic in other direction - ie people who just voted Remain who now think we should “get on with it” etc, overall can see that this type of stuff emboldening those in Parliament & Lords to act on their existing scepticism about Govt Brexit plan... 
Would THIS be the same Wes Streeting who openly supported the Chicken Coup against Corbyn?This isn't about #Brexit policy; this is another Right Wing Blairite Chicken Coup in the making! 
Spain first to  break EU ranks  to DEFY Angela Merkel and back minimum tariff Brexit deal with UK. More will follow.    
Demos picked this up - underrated factor heard this anecdotally repeatedly, though no way of measuring it - splits within families about Brexit, so bad that 30/40-something children can’t talk about it with parents, v bad arguments at Christmas, ppl not talking for months etc...  
Michael Foot said in 1975 "We will have plenty of problems to solve ... we can solve these problems by using the strength of our democratic institutions". 43 years later we find those institutions shrivelled, expired and corrupted. That is the legacy of EU membership.#Brexit 
If you missed this - Demos focus groups well worth a look at for some of the political currents re Brexit, negotiations, migration, identity.... nothing much comes out of it too well - though pro-nationalisation feeling seems to accord with polls...  
True commitment to the brand, @Andrew_Adonis managed to mention Brexit, vice chancellors' pay and trains in a panel on housing at #Fab18 
Rousing call to action from Lord @Andrew_Adonis @Fab18 @thefabians Part of the social crisis is the housing crisis.The Labour Party offer must be ‘Attlee 2.0’No Brexit AND radical social reform.  
Although I wish the Brexit vote had gone the other way, I’d rather have a principled defence of democracy over @acgrayling’s snobbish brand of Platonism any day: 
#FBPE is simply a hastag by which citizens who share a common view that leaving the European Union will be harmful to our country, are able to connect with each other.That is all.#FBPE #StopBrexit #brexit 
'Hard' and 'Soft' Brexit don't exist @mrjamesob would do well to read Clean Brexit by @LiamHalligan and @DrGerardLyons (we doubt he will though) 
@Andrew_Adonis @ #Fab18 Labour must drop Brexit and follow 1945 government's lead:mix of strong internationalism and radical social reform 
Geunine question. Wondering why @whatscotlandthinks report on Brexit last week used data fm folk surveyed in Sept-Oct last year. If a week is a long time in politics, isn't 4 months an age? Ive read report but no explanation of the gap 
1) Legally: reversing Brexit will only be relevant if we decide to revisit the political question. 2) Politically: economic forecasts won't be persuasive a 2nd time around; & Remain *really* couldn't win on a full-blooded europhile ticket. 3) Realistically: the Remain game is up.  
@Andrew_Adonis ends by reminding us that single biggest issue is Brexit and it came about because we have ignored social issues. Offer people an alternative - No Brexit AND radical social reform, including affordable, safe housing. #FAB18 
Think #Brexit is settled? Three top lawyers have laid out a convincing case for us withdrawing Art 50 without the consent of the other 27 EU countries. 
."Brexit’s cooling effect on immigration to Britain has already been felt in Scotland where there are chronic labour shortages in some areas.". 
#SadiqKhan warns of #Brexit 'lost decade' His degree is in #law not #economics! The biggest loss to this generation has experienced is by having this vile #Antisemitic man as #MayorofLondon! @SadiqKhan @MayorofLondon must GO! #BBC #SKY #LBC @daily_politics @UKLabour #Labour #UK 
Leave or remain!!! #WeAreTheOppositionNow #AskBarnier #London #brexit #polls #StopBrexit #BrexitFacts #Brexitcast #labour #conservatives #Tories #farage #StopBrexit2018 #Remain #Leave #reshuffle #donaldtrump #Referendum2018 #bbcnews #Warwick #labourdoorstep #Marr #indyref2 #Polls 
We have 460 vacancies at #StPeters #hospital in #Chertsey - I'm sure its due to the same reason. #Brexit is killing our country  
Northern Ireland must become a ‘special economic zone’ under Brexit, says Micheál Martin #brexit via @IrishTimes 
 There's been a lot of Brexit news this week, so we've put it all together in one short note. Read, like and pass on to a friend.  
“Assh*le @SadiqKhan the #Antisemitic @MayorofLondon! Refuses to protect #JEWS and is making #London a #Shithole!” #BBC #SKY @BBC #LBC @LBC @daily_politics @UKLabour #Labour #SadiqKhan #MayorofLondon @Conservatives @ConHome #Momentum #UK #EU #BREXIT  
“Today I have banned hidden charges for paying with your credit or debit card.” This statement is completely false but every bit as honest as the one below from @theresa_may. It was an EU directive, the type of directive we won’t get once we’re forced out of EU by Brexit  
Labour line about caring about the NHS, employment, ‘the many’ etc is irreconcilable with supporting Brexit.  @LibDems the Stop Brexit party 
For the record #Brexit advocates said: EU will collapse soon - wrongLeaving EU is easy -wrongLeaving won‘t cost anything - 39 billion poundsPhase 1 EU deal not binding - wrongUK entitled to bespoke deal - wrong(Likely outcome CETA, no services)Merkel is finished - wrong 
Nobody buys or sells a house unless it’s ‘Subject to Contract’. #Brexit should be no different. If the final deal turns out to be terrible, Parliament and/or ‘the people’ should be able to say ‘No!’ Please share. Link:  #FBPE 
Snippets of Arlene's remarks on RTÉ News point 2wards total denial; denial of vote here opposing Brexit, denial of impending demographic reality, denial when saying people in the North see South as rivals, neighbours or different. They are us & we are they. Feeney said this week:  
Wolfie poll. If a second EU referendum was won by leave, would you accept the result? Please retweet for a larger sample size. #FBPE #PCPEU #Brexit #WeAreTheOppositionNow 
If there is a 2nd referendum I suggest Remain campaigns on a simple 3 word platform of *Stop The Madness* - think it would resonate. 
BREXITEER @thecarolemalone accused Treacherous @campbellclaret of being "patronising and rude" as they exchanged shots during a heated row on a possible second Brexit referendum.  
Interesting to stumble across the new @Remain_Labour group at #Fab18(to be added to:@labour4europe@Labour4EU@laboursinglemkt@labfreemvmt)and also to see the rise of the new hashtag #PCPEU (ProCorbynProEU)The @UKLabour #LabourParty position on #brexit still evolving.. 
Britain would lose its opt-outs if it decided to remain after a second referendum before March 2019, confirms the EU Commission. Have you started preparations to join the Euro and Schengen, Remainers?#Brexit #EURef2 
- 10,000 Drs short. (highest ever) - 40,000 nurses short. - 100,000* vacant NHS posts. (that’s nearly 1 in 10 jobs) - 90% reduction in applics from EU nurses since Brexit ref - Nurses leaving > nurses joining NHS (for first time) Now tell me, did govt really not see this? 
Support for Brexit is collapsing.By a bigger and bigger margin, people say voting to leave the EU was the wrong decision, according to @YouGov. And #Remain is now 10 points ahead in the latest @ComRes poll. We need to #StopBrexit and #Remain in the EU. #FBPE. 
Brexit will have an impact on the lives and personal finances of everyone in the UK. Londoners, and people across the UK, deserve to know what that impact will be.  
Remoaners ( and Tony Blair) need to realise there is no reversing Brexit-if you loved your country you would back Brexit Britain! Remain lost get over it ! pic.twitter.com/sqHWLSwRXc 
I remember very well Las Palmas putting the Spanish flag on their jersey the day Catalans held their referendum, we cooly beat them 3-0 that day. Today Girona (another Catalan team) beat them 6-0.. what goes around definitely comes around 
Political quiz!Who said this about #Brexit on June 14th, 2016?"A Vote to Leave is a vote to put our NHS in jeopardy, in the hands of those who want to break it up to end it as a service free at the point of use."  
I'd like Remainers to feel free for pro-EU Labour candidates, but it needs their pro-EU stance to be so loudly presented that pollsters and media can't ignore it and claim we voted for #Brexit.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
‘Let's go to WAR!' Ukip leader calls on Brexiteers to FIGHT to save Brexit  
Las Palmas wore a  flag on their shirt vs Barça on the day of the Catalan Referendum when Catalans were brutally assaulted by Spanish forces.Now, they're getting smashed 6-0 by Girona, a Catalan team.Karma. Beautiful. 
Holidaying in Portugal (drove down) and it turns out we have French neighbors who did a similar drive. Passing the time of day and talk inevitably turned to #Brexit. She asked why the UK voted to leave, as she was incredulous at the decision. I had no words to explain the idiocy. 
Don't tell the EU - Spain and Holland discuss offering good Brexit deal  
Another brilliant article from @MarinaHyde. Absolutely nails the con-artist Nigel Farage. She’s the best columnist in Britain right now. #EUref2 #Farage #Brexit 
Yes, Brexit referendum has forced open discussion on many hitherto taboo subjects such as EU army, UK fishing waters, Agricultural subsidies, immigration etc & I don't think many people like what they hear except for receivers of EU non-jobs & backhanders#Brexit debate harms #EU 
You’ve done nothing @RossThomson_MP it is a EU directive nothing to do with the @Conservatives Brexit will be the return of rip-off Britain 
.Brexit Means..... "Increasing numbers of EU-trained ambulance staff are quitting the NHS, raising fears of a Brexit drain from the 999 service just as concern over slow response times grows.". 
Do you ever think about what Doctor Who companions political views would be? Like Rose Tyler would have voted labour. Is Clara Oswald a Tory? Donna’s mum definitely voted brexit and got into an argument about it with wilf and Bill would be taking part in protests in London 
If we have another referendum and leave loses then there will be massive campaigns for yet another referendum. The fact is we have had our referendum and now they should get on with it. 
Look at these morons. This is what's beneath the stone that the Brexit extremists gleefully lifted up.  
There’s only one question that ever needed to be asked about Brexit:who’s actually making money out of it? It sure as hell isn’t ‘the many.’ 
READ: Corbyn's Brexit policy biggest barrier to staying in single market, says @wesstreeting. Please RT: 
Well Arlene should remind herself the majority in the North voted against Brexit. She represents the opinion of 227k voters and not the majority. The Brexit her party seeks does exactly what she is saying they don’t want. Speaking out of both sides of her mouth here again.  
Do we have Polish, Romanian, Portugese and other EU language speaking #FBPE members out there - we will need your help getting the Anti Brexit vote out for local elections. Pls contact me 
It is 569 days since the Brexit vote. And what if you are wrong & your party leadership has reversed its long held pro-EU position back to its Bennite anti-EU wing of Labour? And all you've done is remain loyal to a Brexit party which demonises the one mainstream UK Remain party?  
Here's UKIP's "massive rally" in support of Brexit in Cardiff this morning. The UKIP rally is the tiny group on the left. On the right is a much larger group of counter-protesters.  
Sadiq Khan speech disrupted by protesters backing Brexit and Trump  
How the far right grew in EuropeBrexit and Trump set up 2017 as the year of populism and the radical right 
I didn’t fight hard enough at the Referendum as I thought it obvious that Remain would win. Sadly Putin did. I’ll not make the same mistake again and reject the view that the “will of the people” in a gerrymandered vote is a safe basis for constitutional change of this order.  
18 months on after #brexit UK gov’s favourite Brexit ‘charity’ think tank still clutching to canards about German car makers. Penny still isn’t dropping: EU27 politics far outweighs sectional interests 
If you are not a NATO member, there are no guarantees. The Swedish musings over NATO are the same as the current British one over Brexit: you want the benefits, with none of the liabilities and, unsurprisingly, find that this is unachievable  
And the real point here is through what method could this (should it?) continue apply cross Europe - for holidaymakers, people ordering online from abroad etc after Brexit even in transition? It is EU law: thread from July:  
Why does #BBCNews report a demonstration of twenty people against a Labour mayor but not a demonstration of 250,000 against the Tories or Brexit? 
M&S response “I am able to inform you that the National Scottish Referendum has taken place and the majority of Scotland decided that the lovely country of Scotland would belong in and stay within the UK and will be a part of the country known as England.”  
UKIP does not want another referendum, but we MUST be ready for war if the government fails to deliver. 
When the EU creates a beneficial policy for the general public and Theresa May wants you to think the Tories invented it so you'll support Brexit.#FBPE #StopBrexit 
The week that Brexit plumbed new depths of absurdity. My latest blog post, on Davis, Hammond & Farage:  
Sorry to tweet this again. But in a nutshell here is why #Brexit happened. UK govt takes sole credit for EU achievements while rubbishing EU at every turn. Decades of this = #brexit  
The 'pro Brexit' turnout on one side. The counter protest on the other with a much stronger voice giving a clear anti racist message.  
‘Arrest him!’ Protestors storm @SadiqKhan 's Brexit speech - police surround demonstrators   
Far from cataclysmic! Fox RUBBISHES @SadiqKhan ’s Brexit report of 500,000 job loses with no deal  
.@wesstreeting gets HUGE applause on Brexit demand to stay in single market & customs union #fab18 Yes yes yes.... Realise I’m in a hall of Labour folk in London at a political conference on a Saturday morning. Just letting you guys know. 
Save the NHS now ditch brexit spend the money on  a health servcie we deserve  
Stirring from @wesstreeting "there is no such thing as a "jobs first Brexit". A very powerful Pro-European speech at #Fab18 
In fact #Brexit has created #Remainers, a fast growing British proEU movement. Before Brexit if pro EU you did not need to be active or engaged. No you bloody well do. It is grassroots bottom up, ordinary people from all parts of the country & all political backgrounds #FBPE 
At @KEconomicConf @MichealMartinTD says his party will support any reasonable proposal which will allow Scotland to retain its links with Europe and pays tribute to @SNP MPs for their support for Ireland during Westminster #Brexit debates. 
After brexit theyl be brought back along with blue passports and hanging 
No Theresa the EU banned them and you lot plan to reimpose them after brexit anyway 
Post-war fantasies and Brexit: the delusional view of Britain's place in the world  
The mood of the country is for the EU to get on with Brexit and tell us what if any barriers they wish to impose on their trade with us. The Government should seek to up the tempo and remind them nothing is agreed until all is agreed, and no deal is better than a bad deal. 
“The only thing standing in the way of us winning this is the belief that we CAN'T win it.” Special guest LORD ADONIS on the new #Remainiacs #Brexit podcast. Listen at  or subscribe at 
Matthew Parris is spot on. By now polls should have shown a massive support for Leave if the Brexit project had captured the UK public's imagination. It seems the Releavers are now switching back to Remain as the prospect unsurprisingly of UK going it alone looks less appealing.  
If you look closely, Brexit architects @Conservatives have started taking credit for decisions made by the EU. 
Tory in-fighting brought Brexit into play; their ideology served up austerity and NHS privatisation. Theresa May and the Conservatives have to be pushed out of office to save the millions falling into poverty with no state to support them #NastyParty #ToriesOut 
Deutsche Bank CEO sees far fewer than 4,000 Brexit-related moves: paper  
Either Hammond is aware of how little leverage the City gives the UK in Brexit talks and is just playing a cynical game for UK domestic politics. Or he has completely misread the balance of power and is increasing the risk of further British diplomatic humiliation 
The U.K. is the biggest victim of EU membership enabled VAT fraud.Next time some uneducated Remainer babbles on about signs on the side of buses, the NHS & “Brexit crashing the economy” show them this.Leave didn’t highlight this in Ref. @TheSDPUK did. Google MTIC for details 
The Lib Dems are the Stop Brexit party. If we vote Labour or Tory, we’re saying an emphatic yes to Brexit.  
Corbyn's Brexit policy biggest barrier to staying in single market, says Labour MP  
Marks & Spencer tells Scottish customer: You've had your referendum and you're part of England now.... Me to M&S: There is nothing that you sell, that I can't get somewhere else. 
Corbyn’s position on Brexit. Thought he was meant to be part of the solution.#FBPE 
London Muslim Mayor @SadiqKhan 's 'Independent' Brexit Study Written by Leave-Bashing Corbynistas  … 
Spain 'breaks EU ranks' to DEFY Angela Merkel and back minimum tariff Brexit deal with UK  
Taking credit for an EU directive? I quite like this one: I hope this is enforced in a post brexit UK. It seems a happy coincidence that your mega rich, media controlling chums stand to benefit from dodging this.#Brexit 
I don't really understand the use of the word "#Elite" as a pejorative. It's a populist attempt at turning the general public against professionals, experts, academics and public servants. Basically anyone that knows what the f**k they're talking about! #FBPE #StopBrexit #Brexit 
They will! Can we have more 'personalities' - brave, thinking ones like Brian May, standing up and shouting STOP BREXIT, please?  
Germany will demand that the U.K. pay for the privilege of its banks having EU access after Brexit  
Plastic bags was @LibDems Credit card charges is EUGo away and develop some of your own policies or are you so busy with Brexit, plagiarism is your only option? 
The only way to #StopBrexit is with Labour on our side. Not fighting us, but making the case in Parliament.We need to back MPs like @wesstreeting @DavidLammy @ChukaUmunna @ChrisLeslieMP @BenPBradshaw all of whom know a hard Brexit will be a disaster  
Leavers did point out that currencies fluctuate and the £ would go back up and yet again Leavers are proved right.Pound hits highest level since Brexit vote -  
The march is now planned for 23 June in London. It will be a massive celebration of our place in the EU and against #Brexit! @_Britain4Europe @Open_Britain @ct4europe @BestForBritain @euromove 
You mean EU'VE banned credit card charges....please stop trying to emulate Trump - taking credit for things you're just not responsible for. 
ComRes poll shows a massive lack of UK confidence in Theresa May being able to deliver a 'good Brexit deal'. 65% are not confident at all - with only 30% thinking she may succeed. These numbers are now consistent across many pollsters... Time to #StopBrexit #FBPE #BrexitShambles 
Nigel Farage hit with £35,000 fine for 'misspending EU funds' - Mirror Online -  #BrexitShambles #Brexit @Nigel_Farage #ukip #bbcdp 
Today's News:- Matthew Elliott says no desire for second referendum- Hammond says Britain won’t accept trade deal without services - Spain wants to give Britain good trade deal- Pound hits highest level since Brexit vote 
I’m off on a short Twitterbreak to write a telly thing about Brexit. It’s a farce with loads of really bleak humour. And so is the telly thing.I thank you.Take care and till soon. X  
My article on where we are now and where we are heading on #brexit ahead of today’s #FAB18 conference  
To @UKIP That protest in Cardiff todayYou try to claim it's non-partisan for people who want brexit4 of your 6 speakers are UKIP members including the leader of UKIP WalesDoes not sound non-partisan to me, sounds like a UKIP protest.#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Spain has become the latest to join a growing list of EU countries who want to give Britain a good #Brexit deal, leaving France & Germany isolated.Their support for a low tariff agreement emerged after talks with another pro-UK country, the Netherlands.  
As David Davis said, ‘a democracy ceases to be a democracy if people can’t change their mind.’ Keep making the argument & campaigning - it works. It led to Toby Young’s resignation & Trump’s cancelled visit. It will lead to an end to Brexit.  
Philip Hammond: "the message from the referendum is that we must control our immigration policy... At the moment, we don’t have any control"  
Fresh Brexit fears as study shows international students worth £160million to Aberdeen economy  
I'm going on Nigel Farage's LBC programme tomorrow to agree with the de facto Prime Minister about need for a referendum on his & Mrs May's Brexit terms.Farage, Mrs May, Johnson, Fox, Davis: the Brexit Establishment whose Government record will be mercilessly exposed! 
A powerful way to send a Remain message is to vote tactically in the local elections for anti-Brexit candidates: #ABTV = Anti-Brexit Tactical Vote.  
What will happen to UK citizens who have a dual nationalities with another EU country after Brexit? Will they have to renounce one of their nationalities? Has this even been discussed? 
A majority of constituents in 54% of presently-held Labour parliamentary seats voted at the EU referendum for the UK to leave the European Union. Professor Matthew Goodwin of the School of Politics at the University of Kent says voters in 140 Labour seats backed Brexit. 
I admire MPs like Wes, David & Chucka. They put their constituents first. They know Brexit will be a disaster. But unfortunately I think Corbyn doesn’t want to listen. Unfortunately Corbyn wants Brexit & this is his chance.If we are going to stop Brexit we need to stop Corbyn  
Sir Vince Cable says public should have final say on Brexit deal and he would accept vote even if it was ‘Leave’  
“He was smoking cigars in a VIP room sealed off for the Brexit elite, and everything was simultaneously possible and impossible. The here and now is empty in comparison. He cannot bear very much reality.”.@MarinaHyde on Nigel Farage’s  reappearance. 
Game-changing for the 140 Labour seats that backed Brexit & almost half of Labour's working class voters who turned out for Leave?  
... "Deutsche Bank is planning a new booking center in Frankfurt to handle the billions of euros of non-European business currently routed through London, which may not be allowed after Brexit."  
@acgrayling @Andrew_Adonis Parliament stopped poll tax which had robust mandate (unlike advisory frauderendum) because it became clear it wasn’t right. Brexit isn’t even sound as there’s no legal decision so of course parliament can stop it.  
This is spot on from @wesstreeting. Jeremy Corbyn is the most powerful politician when it comes to Brexit - if he wanted to, we could have a majority to remain in the Single Market and Customs Union tomorrow!  
I do trust parliament but the unfair electoral system and party whipping means they are acting against national interest.So I agree with @thatginamiller that we must have a #FinalSay referendum once the shape of the deal is clear.  
A plea to all Remainers - let's forget party politics and any other differences for the moment - they pale into insignificance against stopping brexit. We all need to pull together and speak with one voice on this. United we stand, divided we fall. #StopBrexit2018 #FBPE 
The puffed up pompous popinjay in City Hall is hell bent on damaging UK-US trade in his desperation to undermine Brexit.  
Was threatened yesterday with a ‘far-right tsunami’ if we come to our senses and call #Brexit off.Well, at least they admit where they are coming from.#StopTheMadness #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
I wonder what Labour’s Brexit position will be today?  
My bit on Nigel Farage and his call for another referendum  
Spain 'breaks EU ranks' to DEFY Angela Merkel and back minimum tariff Brexit deal with UK  
Theresa May to appoint 10 peers for 'BLOODY' Brexit 'street fight' in the House of Lords. The PEOPLE voted, Lords, MPs respect our wishes! Deny us at your Peril!  
Germany has the most unrestricted passport in the world with Visa-free travel to 177 countries. Britain has Visa-free travel to 173 countries - although this is likely to dramatically reduce in the near future.#Brexit 
Spain becomes latest to join growing list of EU countries who want to give Britain good Brexit deal - The Sun  
A fresh Brexit vote would overturn the result of the referendum, new polling has found. Two polls show there is a now a significant margin for remain. #StopBrexit #BrexitShambles 
Farage finally accepting the truth. It was an advisory,  non-binding referendum.  How else can he justify a 2nd  without  hating democracy? 
Sean Moncrieff: Brexit is steadily corroding the EU from the insidevia @IrishTimes 
The British government cannot be trusted. Why are we acting so surprised that London played us for time over the Brexit Bill?  
I love the way Dieter Kempf (president of the Federation of German Industries) summed up #Brexit. An efficient use of words - very true and very German   
Deutsche Bank CEO sees far fewer than 4,000 Brexit-related moves: paper  
Rebel Labour MP calls on party to make 'game-changing' Brexit move  
We've been told that we have to respect the Brexit referendum result. But why, when it is perfectly apparent that most of those who voted in favour of leaving were nutters, racists, little-Englanders or, most of all, simply thick? 1/3 
Flynn - Tenex/Rosatom nuclear deals (including in Iran & Alabama) - tied to Russian money in FBME Bank - tied to Mikhail Prokhorov's Onexim/Brexit banker George Cottrell - he also had accounts in VTB Bank (Trump Tower Moscow) & Alfa Bank, means #SemionMogilevichcc @LouiseMensch 
NO WE DON’T. STOP BREXIT NOW!  
Remain would win a second Brexit referendum if it were held today, poll finds  
Brexit needs enemies to survive. Enemies, scapegoats, fallguys and traitors.It's the only fuel it has. 
This was billed as a charm offensive. It sure has backfired spectacularly if that was its genuine purpose  Hammond: EU leaders 'paranoid' that other nations will leave after Brexit  
My god the Left are completely obsessed with Trump & Brexit, it's so utterly boring, why can't they except it & move on when the vote doesn't go their way, instead of constantly Gaslighting.. 
Scottish Nationalists : “Toarrrie Brexit nightmare”. 1: Nationalists voted to leave EU in Independence Referendum of Sept 2014. 2: Indy Scotland would be austerity on stilts compared to Brexit. 
That's the common sentiment here. The racist ideas surrounding Brexit may have won a referendum on lies, but there's a lot of decent, tolerant people. Refugees are welcome. Migrants are welcome. Visitors are welcome. Trump is not. 
EU diplomat responds to possibility of second referendum: "Do what the F*** you want but stop d*cking around"  via @LondonEconomic 
This is not just a Tory mess, Mark. This is a Tory & Labour mess. Of course Corbyn is in the game. If the game is a tug-of-war, he's pulling for Brexit & whipping his MPs to pull with him. Defying the whip is not treason, tho maybe not enough. Defections would've been interesting 
Keeping freedom of movement is the top Brexit priority for young people......and for millions of older people who want to live, love, work or retire in the EU, too. The best way to do that is to #StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
Branson sold his country and sued the NHS National Health Service, lives in a tax free country and then told us all to remain in the fecking EU #Brexit #Virgin #LabourFail #Traitor #Leave 
Studies show that, as well. Immigrants are consistently more patriotic and have more faith in their country’s institutions. Yeah Brexit is a disaster. I’m still hoping we can reverse it. It’s even dumber than Trump’s election because Trump is temporary. 
.Brexit Means..... FEWER Jobs In The UK & MORE Jobs In The EU#Brexodus 
‘Let's go to WAR!' Ukip leader calls on Brexiteers to FIGHT to save Brexit  
I do believe that Hammond may be realising what #Brexiteers have known for decades ... The EU is a paranoid & vindictive institution that would rather retain its membership with fear & punishment than respect & enthuse them. Not the club for me.#Brexit 
1. It is truly a tragedy I had great respect for the BBC but their #Brexit commentary save for some specific interviewers has been more cosy chat letting so many factual inaccuracies go without real challenge & failing to allow for a reversal when it is still possible. 
2018. The year we kill Brexit and resurrect reason and compassion.#FBPE#stopbrexit 
I have today published an open letter to the BBC Chairman about the lack of impartiality over Brexit evinced by @BBCNews, in response to their woeful defence of their current policy. It is high time they correctly acknowledged that Brexit may not happen.  
Cameron said he would make the referendum binding, but he didn't, the bill stated that it was advisory. Why can't Brexiteers understand that Cameron's promise doesn't change the Referendum's status, it just shows Cameron to be a liar? 
Fascinating #brexit insight from someone who concentrates on this subject. I feel my viewpoint is genuinely expanded.  
There is one Brexit fault line that could see the Tories torn asunder' | via @telegraph 
Blummin 'eck!! THIS!!!#Brexit #FBPE 
Oh, hi @marksandspencer. I hear your company profits are down again. Well see after commenting that we have had our referendum and now we are part of England, I wish you only economic armageddon. No more of my money. 
I don't get it, so many remainers wouldn't vote Tory in an election coz they would brexit but say they won't vote Labour either! So what will they do? Not vote= vote for Tory, vote lib dems or greens= vote for Tory! Either way unless they vote Labour they will get a shit bexit! 
I gotta get some shut eye! Sleep well y’all! #Brexit   
Anthony, I said ‘in all conscience’ Parliament could not set aside the referendum result without a new referendum, not ‘as a matter of constitutional fact.’ Big difference. I mean my conscience, of course. Other peers and MPs may see it differently.  
With respect to Andrew Adonis, he is simply wrong as a matter of constitutional fact. Parliament is the sovereign body in the UK, and could vote to stop Brexit tomorrow morning. And should. 
With their lunatic support for #Brexit both @scottishlabour & @ScotTories are now a genuine threat to Scotland's economy, industry, society and democracy. 
Fox pledges up to 40 "continuity" trade deals in place by Brexit day  
Keeping freedom of movement is the top Brexit priority for young people  
Calling it a "libertarian approach," Gov. Scott says he he intends to sign H. 511 into law, making Vermont the 9th state to legalize recreational marijuana for adults — and the first state to do so legislatively rather than by referendum.   
As Brexiteers resist a #FinalSay using false equivalences, like replaying a football match, to the irrational idea that another vote undermines democracy, the voice of reason is winning. As P2 Brexit talks inevitably descends into farce the #FinalSay draws closer. #FBPE 
What does Brexit really stand for?#StopBrexit 
If Cornyn hadn't whipped Labour MPs to support so many Tory motions we might have had a vote of no confidence and a GE by now - and an anti-#Brexit Labour would have won easily. Unfortunately Corbyn's pro-#Brexit stance means the #Remain vote is rapidly leaching away from Labour 
Mass uncontrolled immigration has been a disaster for the UK badly damaging every aspect of society from the NHS, to schools, to jobs, to housing, to crime. After Brexit we need a controlled skills based system with very low numbers that work for British people  
This fool is a fine example of how badly hijacked the #FBPE hashtag has become. It's not about opposing Brexit anymore, it's now about opposing Corbyn. Corbyn being the only chance of removing a govt intent on hard Brexit and destroying the NHS. Use #PCPEU - Pro Corbyn Pro EU. 
So much bluff & bluster trying to justify the unjustifiable. Tories are adept at opacity. It's not rocket science to know there is no way any #Brexit can leave us better off; nor is it just about the economy; they're stealing our Rights & our futures. Binding #FinalSay in 2018 
While the nemesis of Brexit hangs over everything, people are dying on trolleys in corridors and car parks, they are starving and freezing to death in parks. Don't you fucking dare tell me it's fucking worth it for your stinking fucking shitstorm of a fucking £50Bn Brexit. 
Liam Fox joins The Sun’s call for special stamps to mark Brexit  
Should UK proceed to Brexit, how many supporters of remain would still be in favour if rejoining the EU meant losing optouts on Euro, rebate and so on? 
Dave Brown on Nigel Farage's call for second Brexit vote – political cartoon gallery in Putney  
The only good to come out of the post-Brexit, post-Trump reality is a significant one. Probably more significant than Brexit and Trump combined.This was the age when online protest found a voice, democratised, organised and, most importantly, globalised.#FBR#FBPE 
How others see us - an @IrishTimesOpEd :#Brexit was only supposed to blow the bloody doors off, not sink the country! 
Tories are more of a threat than Brexit. Just remember Tories made austerity cuts and underfunded our vital services like NHS well before the referendum was even called. Our main aim is to kick Tories out of Government. #bbcaq 
UK manufacturing output at highest level for ten years, £ reaches highest level since the referendum & final quarter growth beats expectations -all in the past week. 
The U.K. is the biggest victim of EU membership enabled VAT fraud.Next time some uneducated Remainer babbles on about signs on the side of buses, the NHS & “Brexit crashing the economy” show them this.Leave didn’t highlight this in Ref. I did. Google MTIC for details.  
Quick thoughts on the idea that the UK would lose its rebate and opt-outs if it revoked Article 50 (leaving aside the legal Qs of doing that) after a referendum on the deal. 1/ 
Firstly, No, she’s not. Secondly, this is the conclusion of a reshuffle that began in 2016.Thirdly, he’s promoted Clive Lewis who quit over Brexit, which remains unchanged, and was filmed telling an audience member “on your knees, bitch”.Other than that, great.  
Remain would win by a landslide in a new referendum - now 10 points ahead in latest poll.New @comres/@DailyMirror poll shows:- Remain: 55%- Leave: 45%The will of the people is now to #StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
Britain First supporter jailed for driving at curry house owner on Brexit vote anniversary  
Tomorrow's front page exclusive: Customer who complained to M&S about Scottish whisky branding is shocked after retailer replies: You've had your referendum and you're part of England now  
Agreed, Anna, but does @Conservatives party not see this too? Whatever their motivation for pursuing #Brexit so blindly, the people of the UK are waking up to the need to #StopBrexit2018Nothing good will come of Brexit for anyone other than the richest. #WeAreTheOppositionNow 
Visit Twickenham @Inchcape_VW . Franchise dealers tell me that #Brexit risk for 600,000 people in motor retail as well as 200,000 making cars @trusted_dealers 
""This is a sign that Theresa May is embracing hard Brexit whatever the cost."  
Now you claim Scots DON'T need WM permission for a referendum, you "merely acknowledge it is the law" You usually manage to go two tweets before contradicting yourself. this time you managed it in one sentence. Magic.  
Sign up everyone...disgraceful that British citizens living abroad do not have a vote on issues impacting upon them after 15 years...or representation in Parliament...Binding #FinalSay in 2018 to Confirm #Brexit or #StopBrexit. #FBPE 
The Brexit polarisation far-right v far-left has created a vacuum at the centreThere is a once in a generation opportunity to fill the vacuum with a multi-party system, proportional representation, a written constitution, a bill of rights & an independent judiciaryCarpe Diem 
Once again, a superb summary of the lunacy of another Brexit week. The premise of the Brexiters’ cult of victimhood is particularly insightful and disturbing.  
What other choice to they have?☞ Brexit: British people flock to apply for French citizenship   
Netflix i el referendum  
The "UK single market" is so important to @kevverage that he never mentioned it until 2016, 2 years after we had a great big referendum on apparently leaving it.  
Anti-Brexit Tactical Voting In May local elections #ABTV rt 
If you're still unsure what is "beneficial patriotism" & what is "nasty nationalism". Here's some help: patriotism doesn't require the generation & whipping up of nasty unhealthy feelings about other countries or peoples. In this test it's clear what side #brexit falls under. 
MORE Remainers will vote LEAVE in second Brexit referendum, former deputy Mayor says  
Who is the unelected Claire Fox to pontificate #bbcaq that democracy stopped on 23 June 2016? Democracy is a process. The people are allowed to change their minds. #Brexit #FinalSay 
The referendum was ADVISORY! It was Cameron who changed this AFTER parliament agreed to hold the referendum, that's why no safeguards were in place i.e. large majority vote in favour of leave or remain, all 4 countries voting the same way etc. How is this democratic? #bbcaq 
I'm nearly 70 and it pisses me off that my age group has denied young people the opportunities that I enjoyed. #Brexit  
Remain or Brexit, 2nd EU referendum or Gen. Election?Gauntlet has been thrown down; country is in a mess; our precious NHS is at risk; loyal, hardworking EU27 friends leaving UK: Brexit is the politics of division. At the earliest possible moment, I'll vote to ensure the UK: 
A note to Corbyn supporters. We Remainers don't want to be fighting you. We want all of us to be united in fighting a #Brexit that will harm the many and in it's hard form bring profits to the very rich.Join us, take the clear & simple path & fight to #StopBrexit! #FBPE 
The Taoiseach, Ministers, TDs & Senators will have one vote in the referendum like everyone else. Our function at this stage is to facilitate the holding of a referendum by legislating for it. How we vote in the referendum is of limited importance in that context.  
English voters voted for #Brexit, Scottish voters voted to remain by 63%.England constantly votes Tory, Scotland votes @theSNP. @labour also favours a #HardBrexit.There is a solution for all:#indyref2 September 2018. 
Farage wants a second referendum. Bring it on. How Remain can win.#Remain #Brexit #2ndEUref New blog post: 
"The evening after the referendum, militarised police came out of their hotel in plain clothes and with extendable batons to run around hurting people. 14 people were injured." read more (English translation in the comments)   @montsecandini @JuntsPelSi 
#WhyBorisIsUnfitForOffice - a babbling, waffling, incompetent little man who defines everything that is wrong with modern day politics - an elitist, entitled, white man who thinks he represents the public. @BorisJohnson #Brexit 
Oh bad luck..... 
Q)Why wasn't there another referendum when Wales voted for devolution, when the results were very close?A) Because the people voted the way the establishment wanted..  
Folks can we please stop justifying why a 2nd referendum is not a good idea. Stop pandering to these petulant toddlers. It’s not happening. End. You don’t have to explain. They’ll soon get the message. 
So if you want a different take on Barnier, Davis and Brexit, this is certainly no worse than many others I have heard.....and the first time star signs have come up in #brexitcast 
And suddenly Nigel wants another referendum ... need to extend that salary maybe?  
Leeds Utd  Hunslet  England  Brexit GOD SAVE THE QUEEN  pro brexit  trump supporter  right wing   
The Dáil will back a repeal of the Eighth Amendment by a thumping majority, according to data compiled by 'The Irish Times' for our Abortion Referendum Tracker  
The week that Brexit plumbed new depths of absurdity: my latest blog post, on Davis, Hammond & Farage just up:  h/t @jonlis1 
A note to Corbyn supporters. Most of us Remainers have been hammering the Tories for a long time while finding ourselves being undermined by rhetoric coming from Corbyn and those around him.Is it so hard to grasp that many of us are deeply pissed off. #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit 
Referendum II is coming. Farage just can’t bear being a Brexit misfit | Marina Hyde  
Clive Lewis is back in the Shadow Cabinet despite resigning six months ago over Labour’s Brexit position which, to the best of my knowledge, hasn’t evolved since.  
This government has a millionaire as Chancellor, a gaffe-prone bigot for Foreign Secretary, a director in a company disregarding workplace safety at the DWP, a man whose family work for BUPA in charge of health & a bloke who almost resigned over wanking at work negotiating Brexit 
10 things about World Trade OrganizationWTO has 164 members responsible for 95% of World TradeUK is a full member of WTO & co-founded GATT, WTO predecessor with 22 other countries in 1948.UK doesn't have to reapply to join WTO once it leaves #EU#Brexit 
My bit on Nigel Farage and his call for a second referendum  
I am now British! (as well as still French citizen and part Indian) the Cornish citizenship ceremony was sweet today, with 16 other ‘citizens’ & chaired by a rep of her maj who is very anti Brexit! 
Why Britain MUST leave EU single market: QT audience member gives perfect Brexit response  
Clive Lewis, who resigned over the party's brexit stance, returns to Labour frontbench in a media-friendly 7pm-on-a-Friday Labour reshuffle announcement. 
Positioning by Farage very clear: once its clear UK doesn't get passporting rights he'll blame EU. A second referendum is a way out without him looking like a turncoat. 
. @campbellclaret On Corbyn: "Labour can't be a party of protest, they have to be a party of power"On Brexit: "Even if a second referendum resulted in a leave vote I would continue to protest"The guy is a giant baby. 
June 2016: 'Dawn is breaking on an independent United Kingdom!'Jan 2018: 'Bugger. Trump didn't give me a job. I wasn't made a Lord. Media work is drying up. The EU has halved my salary. Hmm.... Let's have another referendum!'When will Kippers suss him? 
People fed up with austerity and abandoned by the establishment must feel resentment for this joker. He's inappropriately used tax payers money for his own ends and is set for a massive pension for barely making an appearance in his job. The Brexit Con. 
NEW on @Think_Scotland: Blow for Sturgeon as Scots reject SNP Brexit stance   
Did anyone else get an email about this?  Basically to write to your MEP about asking for help applying for an EU passport?“Let's make Brexit impossible - apply for an EU Passport ....”.Long shot but I’m up for trying anything.Thoughts?  
Nigel Farage has MEP salary docked to recoup misspent EU funds. No wonder he wants a second referendum #gravytrain  
There's a hiring drive in Frankfurt as global investment banks race to establish new headquarters inside the EU ahead of Brexit  
@teresamayMP Sadiq Khan needs to be investigated for embezzlement. He's spent taxpayers money on trips to India & Pakistan,  donations to Clinton, even reports from financial economists to scupper brexit.Using his job & our money he's doing all he can to ruin Brexit & the UK! 
Anyone still wondering why he was promoting a new referendum yesterday? He needs those sweet, sweet @BBCNews appearance fee cheques more than ever! 
read the Deloitte report you cretin. German car makers are aghast at a no deal Brexit as Britain is their biggest customer  
Our 17-year-old guest writer today says there should be another vote on Brexit – and her age-group should be allowed to take part this time. Please read and share Carrie Sear’s article. Link:  
Still disappointed with the appointment of MP Fernandes. Not only is it a sign of the PM gearing up for a hard Brexit but it also shows the failure of DExEU in Brexit preparations that they have to stump up the cash to pay for another Minister in their lacklustre team. #FBPE 
I was just going to tweet exactly the same. BBC seem to have it in for #SadiqKhan . Yesterday they fielded three pro-brexiters to counter his five seconds about the effect of #brexit on London 
Your support for a sexist, racist bully is sickening @BorisJohnson, creeping round him for a trade deal after imperiling our country with Brexit.Admonishing the most unpopular President in US history won't affect US investment - @jeremycorbyn and @SadiqKhan are absolutely right 
7) Let's be honest,  how many liberal minded people will have the heart to fight for the BBC again after their shambolic failure to inform over #Brexit?How many will forget them keeping Farage & Mogg on semi permanent retainers 
There is no desire from the public for a second EU referendum, explains former Vote Leave CEO @matthew_elliott 
There are speculations that @IgathePolycarp's resignation may be a prelude to a scheme to "dissolve the county of Nairobi" and create a ministry to "manage it." That cannot occur as it requires a constitutional amendment through a referendum. Igathe may be headed to the cabinet. 
I am sick and tired of Corbyn supporters telling Remainers what we should be doing - "You should be attacking the Tories not Corbyn" etc., We are not some bunch of hapless natives to be ordered around by Corbyn's colonial masters. #StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
3) When the dust settles #Brexit will either be stopped or will result in varying degrees of bad for the UK.Speaking personally it won't be the perceived bias (which I accept is subjective) that I won't forgive, but the utter and complete failure to inform on the simplest items 
Exclusive - Scots Tories at daggers over 'regrettable' handling of Brexit Bill.   
Brexit patriotism is angry and hostile. And in the absence of any convincing or constructive strategy, why would we ‘get behind’ that?Great letter in @TheNewEuropean 
Pompous? From you? They are speaking truths, truths that most people in the UK agree with. They are doing the RIGHT thing. You, however, are pandering to a racist, a liar and a dangerous clown, merely because you need the US to prop up a hard BREXIT. 
Boris Johnson endorsed ‘Vote Leave’ and their pledge to give £350 million a week to our NHS. He even stood on platforms endorsing the sign.The same Boris Johnson voted *against* a motion in Parliament to give our NHS £350m a week after Brexit. #WhyBorisIsUnfitForOffice 
2) Just a few short days ago the BBC rejected a complaint on "if" not "when" re #Brexit, saying in effect Brexit was inevitable.Then, because Farage says so, suddenly a 2nd ref is being reported and therefore, by definition Brexit is no longer definite 
.@JeremyCorbyn's tactic of repeating something false over and over again  was unwittingly undermined by his branch office manager in Scotland Richard Leonard this week... #Brexit  
Can you reside in the U.K. and be patriotic and vociferously support Brexit? Yes, if you’re a Russian citizen. 
Please and sign the heck out of this! Time that, at least, some of those most directly affected by brexit get a vote.#WeAreTheOppositionNow #FBPE #ABTV@spaceangel1964 @mikegalsworthy @acgrayling 
Prediction: Humphrys, 74, will keep his £600,000+ job. If you’re pro Brexit,you can be crap in any high profile job.  
There’s a clear path through Brexit that will protect jobs and growth for future generations: prioritising a deal that keeps Britain in the single market and customs union in the long term.  
"We are the new Green Party" - why the Tories think Brexit can allow Britain to become the world leader on the environment. Column for tomorrow's @theipaper: 
Personally prefer Leaver, Brexiter or in their case Brextremist. 'Brexiteer' gives an undeserved sense of adventure; as they help our country head towards a damaging #Brexit cliff which will leave us all poorer & the UK with less control & influence in the World!#FinalSay 2018 
German car makers face a£3.4billion-a-year drop in sales in the event of a ‘No Deal’ Brexit, warns Deloitte. One of the many reasons the EU will strike a deal with Britain, 
The best interests of our country is to remain a country, a sovereign independent self governing country. This is not possible as a subjugate of the EU and history shows sovereignty only goes one way in this hideous club.#Brexit #15Months2Go#FBPE 
Zero mentions of the U.K. in the preliminary agreement - vs six mentions of France. Nothing on Brexit.  
This man must think we fell off a Christmas tree. If polls are saying that Remain is ahead of Leave, that the tide is turning, and he is backing another referendum, something is going on! @carolecadwalla @JolyonMaugham @ThatTimWalker @thatginamiller 
 How many positions on #Brexit has Ruth Davidson had? Here are just a few.  
 #TrumpEffect  : #Brexit  - #Polexit ,...Next #Hungary - #CzechRepublic...Hey #EU Your Future Is NOT Brilliant!!! We're Fed Up With Your Immigration Policy!! Europe Of Nations Is Coming Back Soon  - 
Between the airlines and the tourism industry, the uncertainty caused by the Brexit vote and inconsistency of the government's position poses a substantial risk to jobs and livelihoods. And this is only in two linked sectors. 9/ 
Thread: This afternoon I met with a constituent of mine that works in the tourist industry, in a small business employing 30 people in my constituency. They are deeply concerned about the threat that Brexit poses to jobs in the industry. /1 
“I haven't heard anyone in Brussels argue for a second referendum" says Eurogroup President @J_Dijsselbloem 
Is that before or after the Brexit-induced asteroid strike? 
Brexit fails to dent profitability of British business  
A new referendum is the worst option, says @jonlis1. Except for all the others 
A new referendum is the worst Brexit solution except for all the others - and our only hope. My latest cheering read to kick-start your weekend in @prospect_uk  
And the voters have made the decision on #Brexit.It is called democracy.Peers do not know the meaning of that word cos they are not elected.  
Ahead of our 'in conversation' with @Keir_Starmer on #Brexit at #Fab18 tomorrow, read @RCorbettMEP's blog on the negotiations so far -  
Guess we've been winning the war on social media & they're worried. Be alert to Party BS & counter it with facts & reason..shouldn't be too hard.#Brexit should comtinue to be an easy target as there's no evidence in support of it.Binding #FinalSay in 2018 
Staying in the EU customs union after Brexit would be disastrous for Britain, warns @HenryNewman 
Second EU referendum would reverse Brexit vote – poll:55% Remain45% Leave 
'What We Now Know' reveals what has been learned about the true costs of Brexit since June 2016. Already Brexit has cost the UK economy £300m a week - this is expected to total £60 bn by the end of this year. Share the facts of Brexit:  #BrexitFacts 
The most extreme of Brexit the worse it is for jobs, investment, economic output in London.Sadiq Khan, mayor of Londonpic.twitter.com/9jji7GMbwL 
The Minister for Health, Simon Harris is determined to hold a referendum to repeal the 8th on May 25th. There are just 18 weeks left to Save the 8th – so we need you to sign up to on our national door-to-door Life Canvass TODAY! SIGN UP here now. #savethe8th #lifecanvass 
There are so many reasons  #WhyBorisIsUnfitForOfficeFor each of them, & for this monumental, damaging, lasting Brexit lie, he should resign or be told to step down.  
Brexit, or how to go from having a seat at the EU table to being the USA's boot licker.  
"It was clearly stated that leaving the European Union meant leaving the single market. David Cameron said that, George Osbourne said that, the whole Remain campaign said that." #Brexit  
I would like to be clear that nothing @Nigel_Farage ever said swayed my vote. He is the antithesis of what I believe in. My reasons were complex and after thinking about it a LOT since the vote I realise they were also wrong. #Brexit #EURef2 
Green Party MEP @MollyMEP visited Swindon today. She spoke to bosses at Honda to discuss the implications of Brexit. “I believe the best way to allay fears and boost business confidence is to remain members of both the single market and customs union," she said.  
The British people voted to leave on the 23rd June 2016. We respect their decision. No 2nd referendum!  
Europe is the UK's biggest single market, yet #BorisJohnson and his #Brexit fanatics seem determined to put this crucial relationship at risk. We shd not allow EU-UK relations to be endangered by some puffed up pompous popinjay pretending to be Foreign Secretary  
*touring in post-Brexit Europe**Van pulling up at literally every border*Border Control: Carnet?Me, the voice of a generation: No carnet, vegetarian 
This is outstanding by @stephenkb on why there won't be another EU referendum before at least 2024  
Without "NO SURRENDER TO A SECOND REFERENDUM!", the Tories are a little light on voter motivation:  
Saddened at Mr Corbyn not standing up for jobs and young people’s futures at Tues cross-party summit. Proud of @vincecable and other opposition leaders for putting political differences aside for the good of the country and to oppose the Tories’ catastrophic hard Brexit. #FBPE 
Pound hits highest level since Brexit vote. Full details:  
still chuckling to myself about my first language lesson last night. we were taught to say we are from the UK and some older guy was all like "but how do we say we're english though"the teacher was just like "noone in asia gives a shit"that's right brexit bob, pipe tf down 
I think it's really unfortunate but the battle ground on the referendum will play out about the bodies of people living with disabilities. 
BREXIT: Nigel Farage calls for second referendum. This gets written on the Daily Mail online. Is upvoted.I don’t know what’s real anymore.  
America's "Brexit" in 1776 didn't work out so well - for the economy, anyway, for two decades - due to lost access to the markets of the British Empire  
Looking forward to engaging on #Brexit and what it really means with @DUPLeader Arlene Foster, Scottish and Welsh Ministers @Feorlean and @MarkDrakeford and Ambassador @AmbRobinBarnett at @KEconomicConf tomorrow... #Kerry 
Make your vote count &Send a strong message to both Brexit Parties.  As long as you support Brexit we won't vote for you.May Local Elections Thursday 3rd May 2018  
A No Deal outcome would be disastrous for the EU. It is in the EU's interests to agree a comprehensive free trade deal. #Brexit #GetBritainOut 
"It's not just the economy - our communities will be hit by Brexit," writes @GreenJeanMEP  
There will only be one referendum, this is it, said David Cameron. #Brexit #EURef 
 @IanBlackfordMP: It's time Labour backed the 80,000 jobs that rely on our membership of the Single Market. #Brexit  
.@piersmorgan savaged anti-Brexit campaigner Gina Miller by making a fantastic comparison between the Brexit referendum and a football match... #BBCQT 
Liam Fox says up to 40 "continuity" trade deals will be in place by point of Brexit  
Why the Beeb is dancing to the Brexiteers’ tune ? A well deserved attack on BBC Brexit reporting from @campbellclaret utm_source=Twitter&utm_medium=Social_Icon&utm_campaign=in_article_social_icons 
Keeping freedom of movement is the top Brexit priority for young people  A few of us older types want to keep freedom of movement too! @bremaininspain @britishineurope #finalsay #StopBrexit2018 
The Brexit side of Merseyside has finally discovered Photoshop. The consequences are tragic.  
This is absolutely vital to send a message, as far as brexit goes #WeAreTheOppositionNow and a big vote for the pro EU parties in the May local elections will send a huge message, this is the time for us to unite and stay strong #FBPE we can do this! 
Of course we can’t trust the people, not because they are stupid, but because nobody, that is - absolutely nobody, bothered to tell them the truth about the potentially appalling fallout from Brexit. Shame on commentators like you and the bulk of our politicians.  
My Father-in-Law is someone I respect immensely. He deeply regrets voting leave and really feels through being misled he has let us and our children down. #brexit  
There’s a clear path through Brexit that will protect jobs and growth for future generations: prioritising a deal that keeps Britain in the single market and customs union in the long term.  
London cannot afford a ‘no deal’ Hard Brexit. The Government must secure a deal that protects jobs, growth and investment by ensuring we remain in the single market and customs union.  
Brexit really *does* mean Breakfast.  
Sterling hits $1.3657, highest against $ since referendum. In run up to the referendum it was around $1.41. 
The pound has surged to $1.3693 amid Bloomberg reports that Spain and the Netherlands have agreed to push for a 'soft Brexit deal'.  
We do NOT support holding a Second Referendum. The will of the people was clearly expressed in 2016. The Government must implement #Brexit as soon as possible - with no more delays or distractions! 
£/$ at highest level since referendum....  
Pound cimbs to highest level against dollar since Brexit vote  
With every poll saying the most Labour voters are against Brexit, facilitating Brexit is a strange way of avoiding electoral suicide.With Tories having such a weak majority, Labour could have had them over a barrel by now, but all they've been doing is facilitating. 
£/€ just surged on back of reports that Netherlands and Spain want softer Brexit deal  
MISTAKE: Barack Obama has been slammed for his 'back of the queue' comments in the run up to the EU Referendum, by America's former Ambassador to the EU."I thought it was very poor. Very bad, very counter-productive." 
We've been saying, loudly and proudly, that the people should have the #FinalSay on #Brexit. You can make our voice even louder. Join us  
Har har har har. Monsieur Farage wants another Eu referendum. Arf arf arf. 
Because we don't stand for his views, his values, his alleged morals, or his constant lies.The UK is in desperate need of trade deals amid this Brexit chaos. The US is a close ally, but even then the UK won't sell itself out to pal up with Trump, or his dire administration. 
“It is absurd to say that it is undemocratic to demand that the people be free to have a say on what the final deal is, given the wide disparity in the forms of Brexit and their consequences.” Read Tony Blair's article in full  #BrexitFacts 
Show the MPs no seat is safe if they support Brexit by voting in the local elections for strong remain party/candidates! Turnout is usually low so the 3m EU nationals who can vote this time could produce some surprise results by themselves 
Gina Miller is no better than the unelected Lords who are trying to derail Brexit. She has never put her money where her mouth is & stood for Parliament, so she is thoroughly undeserving of all the airtime the pro-EU MSM give her.  
.@BBCNews   It's not *WHEN* we leave the EU; it's *IF*....   Please get it right. Probably more ppl DON'T want #Brexit, than do.  Your job now, as impartial reporters, is to reflect both views. Thanks  #NotWhenButIF 
Also, he's likely feeling frazzled by Sadiq's Brexit impact analyses yesterday... BoJo's desperate to get a hard Brexit then quick sell off to the US -- and both of these events (analyses & Trump cancellation) throw a spanner in those plans. So BoJo blurts his anger. 
#WhyBorisIsUnfitForOfficeSacked as a hack for making up quotesSacked by Michael Howard for lying about affairsIn plot to beat real journalist upNumerous racist commentsTreats women like dirtHis lies helped push BrexitThinks he's Winston effin Churchill 
The old argument that @UKLabour need to keep hold of their Leave voters is BS.  What they should be doing is robustly educating those voters as to how they will be negatively impacted by any firm of brexit.  To not do so is an abject dereliction of duty.  They need truth not lies  
Nigel Farage has now decided he doesn’t want a 2nd EU referendum. He just fancied whipping up a little more hate & division for a day or two. 
Theresa May vowed she will not bow to German demands to pay if Britain wants the City to access Europe’s single market after Brexit  
Trying to organise a night out / holiday in a group chat is more complicated than the brexit negotiations I tell ya 
"Farage can have my peerage if I can have his German passport."  Your lunch hour needs quality #Brexit analysis plus good gags with our guest Lord @Andrew_Adonis plus @IanDunt & @Dorianlynskey. Listen to REMAINIACS now: 
Reasons why the BBC is dancing to the tune of Brexit...  
5 important #GroKo points:1-Germany still has no new government.2-It won't have one before March at the earliest.3-There are still major stumbling blocks (SPD congress & referendum).4-Many issues need clarification, especially on Europe.5-Today marks the start, not the end. 
You do have to wonder how the second referendum Remain campaign would sell this to the British people.The EU’s upper echelons literally have to scheme and bully to keep member states part of their protectionist racket.  
Scottish Labour's Brexit spokesperson thinks that it's perfectly acceptable for his party, the 'official opposition', to sit quietly on the sidelines whilst the Tory Government steers us towards a hard Brexit that will risk jobs and reduce living standards. Solidarity comrades.  
And worth reminding EU citizens in the UK that they can actually vote in the May 3rd elections, making the opportunity to send a big anti-Brexit message all the greater . #ABTV 
UK, ComRes poll: "How would you vote in a second EU referendum?"Remain: 55%Leave: 45%Field work: ?Sample size: 1,049#Brexit #BrexitDeal #Farage 
Good to talk about Poland's position in Brexit negotiations and the future of #PolesinUK and Polish-British (growing) bilateral trade post-Brexit with @adamboultonSKY and @denisstaunton on @SkyNews earlier today 
According to "moderates" in 2015, Corbyn was an existential threat to the Labour Party because he wouldn't appeal to Union Jack-waving "white van man". Today, these same "moderates" are demanding Corbyn ignores Union Jack-waving "white van man" and oppose Brexit. So which is it? 
This government is making a mess of Brexit. Give the people the final say.  
.@ukip Does not want a second referendum 
Can someone please answer this question? Are we any wiser now @piersmorgan ? #Labour #Brexit #questiontime 
#TheresaMay decision to quit the EU #CustomsUnion will create huge problems for UK road hauliers: “From #brexit date, professional competence certificates issued by the UK will no longer be valid in the EU-27, so they won't be able to operate there.”… 
If Puigdemont speaks over Skype, it is really easy to block internet to the Generalitat. And M.Rajoy will. Look at his cyber war against #Catalonia. Particularly critical on referendum day (min. 29) to reach the central database with already voted people. 
Britain's Generational Divide on BrexitWas #Brexit right or wrong by age, very latest poll  
Brexit will have an impact on the lives and personal finances of everyone in the UK. Londoners, and people across the UK, deserve to know what that impact will be.  
Tony Blair writes (thread): “In essence, there are 4 options in approaching the Brexit negotiation:1.To re-think and stay, best done in a reformed Europe, where we use the Brexit vote as leverage to achieve reform.” #BrexitFacts 
#StopBrexit #FBPE #BrexitPoll: In the event of a 2nd referendum what side do you think Corbyn would campaign for? 
We have entered an age where millions of voters appear to find the “straight talking” of lies more attractive that the complicated explanation of truth. This is a damning indictment on those who are misled by those who seek to mislead.#Trump #Brexit 
I give you the British Trump. Apart from supporting #Brexit what qualifies this charlatan to be our top diplomat?  
If you want to fight the right-wing tax-dodging #Brexit press billionaires and their Tory lackeys, then you have to fight their pet project. You have to fight #Brexit. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
We are a serious news organisation and @bbc5live's #Brexitcast is a very serious podcast. Naturally, we seek astrological insights into the chief #Brexit negotiators from top astrologer @RussellGrantcom.   / Subscribe on iTunes:  
Poll finds most Britons DON’T want a second Brexit referendum  
Of the others we had to cut from Luton, three Remain voters, all of whom wanted another referendum, said their Leave friends reconsidering, then there was this Leave voter market trader, who said prices shot up 30% after referendum but still for Leave  
Commenting for the Express, our Director, Jayne Adye, has dismantled Donald Tusk's claim the EU is the best place on Earth. She pointed out more and more countries are beginning to see how damaging the EU really is. #GetBritainOut #Brexit 
Farage probably right that a 2nd referendum would produce bigger Outvote, but what if outcome was very tight either way? Debate would never end! People have made their choice. Let's crack on. 
Donald Trump is a white supremacist, retweeted a convicted British hatemonger, attacked the major of your capital in the wake of a terrorist attack and calls people bearing Swastika flags 'very fine people'. You, mr. Johnson, are a disgrace! #brexit #trump 
Poll finds most Britons DON’T want a second Brexit referendum as @Nigel_Farage U-turns on his call to hold another vote on membership of the EU  via @MailOnline 
Facts:Leaving the EU won't cost us a penny. Donald Trump will open the American Embassy in London in February. The NHS isn't in crisis. Toby Young won't get the sack. There won't be a 2nd referendum. #FBPE 
If social movements collect 15,000 signatures by the 15th Feb, Barcelona City Hall will hold a referendum on remunicipalizing the city's water company  #10VeusPerlAigua #Objectiu15000  
There [X] be a second referendum on Britain's membership of the EU:Should: 43%Should not: 51%via @ComRes, 11 Jan 
Fox pledges up to 40 "continuity" trade deals in place by Brexit day  
Financial Times today reporting on initiative by The Bar of Ireland supported by @IDAIRELAND and legal community to position Ireland as global centre for legal services post-Brexit @CharlieFlanagan @FT 
The crunch point on #Brexit is fast approaching - @RCorbettMEP  
Another EU Referendum is totally unnecessary. The British people by a  clear majority of 1,269,501 voted on 23 June 2016 for the UK to leave the EU. Deal or no deal. Article 50 is invoked, and we will leave on 29 March 2019. Thereafter, we must reclaim our sovereignty entirely. 
A second referendum would be damaging for our democracy. Voters would justifiably ask why the first referendum is being ignored. 
After Brexit, the Lords is next - me for @spikedonline 
German car industry will tank and devastate country’s economy if EU doesn’t give us good Brexit deal, new Deloitte report claims  
THIS is what you should be concerning yourself with, @SadiqKhanNot some American comb-over's visit!Not undemocratically hindering BrexitYou have no business poking your nose into national affairs.Get your own house in order first!Your obligation is the welfare of London!  
Who will rid us of these meddlesome peers? Time's up for the ermine clad usurpers of the people's will: After Brexit, the Lords is next  
On today’s livestream we’ll be talking about that big Nigel Farage Brexit intervention and what to do about London’s surge in violent crime. Join us at 13:00 here:  
. @S_Hammond is right abt UK joining #EFTA - ensures widest range of options, ability to strike own trade deals, flexibility & sovereignty, no ECJ, and clear pathway to EEA membershipIt is abundantly clear, the only sensible Brexit is #EEA #EFTA 
It always amazes me that Brexiters who have no grasp of the facts decide to call @mrjamesob to discuss Brexit.“I want my kids to grow up without the constraints of the EU.”“What constraints?”“Ummm....”*sigh* 
Dublin is joining the race to establish a new European hub for international commercial law if a 'hard Brexit' undermines the status of Britain’s courts and English law in the eyes of international business  
.@darrenpjones - legal opinion shows that, on Brexit, it is still “for the people to decide”  
3 months later the Tories missed their #WithdrawelBill deadline. It's almost as careless as neglecting to carry out Brexit impact assessments.  
Should there be a second referendum on EU membership? #Brexit 
Frustrating to inform people of mandatory legal consequences of no-deal who then dismiss it outright as false. But this is core to Brexit: so blinded by exceptionalism & Britain always getting by, we are totally oblivious to our extreme vulnerability. Feelings won't trump laws.  
EU plans to keep Britain locked into fish quotas for years after Brexit  
City of London bigwigs get a meeting with @Theresa_May to discuss how the @Conservatives can make sure Brexit works for the financial services sector. Has any other group had such a meeting with the PM? Farmers? Academics? Doctors? Retail workers? Builders? No… how weird!  
At last an explanation of Labour's Brexit Policy discussed between Diane Abbott and Jeremy Corbyn. The policy is based on Schrödinger’s Cat, being alive and dead at the same time. #TheCorbynCon #Brexit #Labourlies 
Of course trade with Britain will stop if we vote Yes. Stands to reason. Why would a post-Brexit Britain want to sell anything to *us*? And they only buy our stuff now because they love us, not because it's any good. They'll just get their whisky and Scottish holidays elsewhere. 
Brexit & Trump are the same movement. Pretty much every brexiter follows trump... 
Nigel is dead wrong to help Ultra Remainers with a call for a 3rd (not 2nd) referendum his volte face is self indulgent as @wallaceme says Sir Nigel Farage, prince of self-indulgence, would like your attention | Conservative Home 
Rather than backing jobs and membership of the Single Market - Scottish Labour's position is for Labour to have no position on #Brexit at all.  
A London-based friend who voted Remain says she accepts the EU referendum result, does NOT want a 2nd referendum and wants to see the UK prosper once we leave the EUThe opportunities for the UK are magnificent as we rebalance our economy and re-engage fully with the wider world 
"I just wish they’d get on with it and get it over and done with basically."Is it time for another EU referendum? @Nigel_Farage thinks so. 
Of course the Tories and their media friends are reluctant to mention the fact that that the plastic bag charge is needed to fulfil a requirement in an EU directive.#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit #LeaveLies 
It is absolutely unacceptable that elected British politicians release biased reports forecasting that the UK economy will be damaged by Brexit. Especially when such reports do not factor in the positive effects on the economy and UK jobs of numerous post-Brexit free trade deals. 
The referendum vote in Dover & Deal was very clear. I will oppose any attempt to hold a second referendum. 
Just to finish the #Shithole issue: Bulgarian clairvoyant Baba Vanga predicted 9/11, Brexit and election of Barack Obama. She also predicted that the first Black President of the US will be the last US president. I think I know what she meant because US doesn’t have one really  
How to have a very silly argument on twitterSTEP ONESay something bad or good about...1. Brexit2. Trump3. Cyclists4. Breastfeeding5. Veganism6. Daniel Bedingfield7. Unorthodox arrangement of British breakfast foodsSTEP TWOWait 
Anti-Brexit Tactical Voting #ABTV retweet widely RT 
Council elections in May are a huge opportunity to send a big anti-Brexit message. To galvanise support for tactical voting on behalf of pro-Remain parties and candidates, let’s get a # going: Anti-Brexit Tactical Voting #ABTV 
As these testimonies show, Brexit is a deliberate and calculated act sabotaging the lives of millions of younger people. #StopBrexit2018 
May vowed she will not bow to German demands to pay if Britain wants the City to access Europe’s single market after Brexit  
‘2nd Referendum’ trending on news outlets: Macron backs Farage on the idea, Farage changing his mind (but are people allowed to change their minds in the UK?)... 
Labour's new Brexit spokesperson doesn't think Labour should have a position on Brexit   
Good to talk to @PickardJE about why Brexit mustn't be treated as an opportunity to slash workers rights.  
So the rUK would cease all trade with Scotland, but still insist that they will continue all trading with the EU after the self harm of Brexit? How does that work then? 
Brexit, like Trump, is just wrong on every conceivable level. 
This is really important.If a second referendum had a different electorate then it’d be a different outcome surely?What does Labour think of this?#Brexit  
Christine Hamilton: “Nigel clearly got carried away, as we all do, by the excitement of being on the show yesterday… I do not want a second referendum.”@matthew_wright | @brit_battleaxe | #wrightstuff 
Apparently the @CambridgeEcon  study commissioned by the GLA didn't model a Brexit with a free trade agreement (which is explicit government policy) because the Mayor's Office didn't ask them to. Extraordinary!  
Come on! It was not, by any definition, a "clear" referendum result. 66:33 would have been "clear". This was inconclusive. And non-binding. Tories (illegally?) undertook to implement result without Parlt having chance to debate and decide properly. Parlt certainly can trump that. 
You could have a referendum to repeal the laws of gravity, and 100 per cent could vote Yes, but everything on earth would still weigh exactly the same. 
Sadiq Khan's anti-Brexit report is fundamentally flawed  
Just been to the bakery, the deli and a newsagent where I chatted with a French, a German and a Czech woman. I can remember how dull Britain was before you all came to brighten up our lives. I fucking hate Brexit and its miserable nationalist outlook.#FBPE#StopBrexit 
#NigelFarage says he is close to backing a second EU referendum to end the "whinging and whining" of anti-#Brexit campaigners We say BRING IT ON! Sign up here to stand with us >>  
There are 5 million of us, plus our families, who are directly and adversely affected by Brexit. Yet we are not given a voice.#bbcqt 
Disappointed to see that ‘nothing has changed’ in Theresa May’s chaotic reshuffle this week.  In an attempt to reassert her authority, she now looks weaker than ever and is still dragging the country towards a destructive Brexit. #FBPE 
Farage branded "desperate" as Remainers seize upon his second referendum comments | May slaps down Hammond's suggestion UK could pay for EU financial services access | German car industry could be devastated without good Brexit deal  
#Brexit will be the end of the #NHS as it will be sold off to #US companies in the @Conservatives  desperate scramble for trade deals outside the #EU - 
Stevie @StevieCSmith took a look at the #FBPE movement. He has it pretty much right. A broad church. Non-political. International. Fighting fascism. Fighting Brexit. All welcome.    @BazzieSmith @fish_in_a_hat @AuroraBlogspot  
...No broadcaster thought it relevant to play that clip of David Cameron setting out the terms of the referendum. A huge blind spot because of a massive Remain bias in newsrooms. 
Your resistance to #Brexit is NOT welcome! More Londoners voted leave than voted for you  
HUGELY UNSCIENTIFIC POLL: How would you vote in a second EU referendum? 
It occurred to me overnight that the ppl most gung ho about a 2nd referendum are the ppl least likely to directly bear the brunt of angry xenophobic leavers. 
All Leavers should push out this clip far and wide on social media. David Cameron setting out the terms of the EU referendum with utter clarity.  
Farage hinting at a second referendum then immediately backtracking reminds me of when Gordon Brown hinted at an early election then lost his bottle. 
Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley are on a pre-Brexit hiring drive in Frankfurt  
Hammond puzzles EU with his Berlin speech :“Indecision, naivety or strategic positioning? ”  “confusion and uncertainty on the Continent about the direction of UK policy”#BrexitShambles #Brexit@InFactsOrg 
'A second referendum is a terrible idea. This isn't democracy - it's the harassment of the public again and again until it gives the answer the establishment wants.'Brendan O'Neill on Sky  
Brexit or the NHS? 
The New York Times on whether we'll have a second referendum.  
"Brexit in the form it was sold to the British people is not what they are getting."MUST-WATCH: @ChukaUmunna on @BBCr4today takes on Nigel Farage. Please RT: 
Three QCs legal opinion sent to the PM and to be circulated to MPs underlining what the author of Art 50, Lord Kerr, has said > #Brexit is not inevitable and Art 50 is revocable  
Spoke to one EU diplomat this morning about prospect of second #Brexit referendum. His pithy response?"Do what the F*** you want but stop dicking around. We're moving forward and would appreciate some clarity on the matter" 
#Brexit Gina Miller last night Alastair Campbell out already talking nonsense. Other nutcase Chuka Umunna be out today. James the plank O’ Brien be talking bollocks soon LBC. All trying to derail Brexit get it through your thick skulls we’re leaving. We voted we’re leaving.  
Always thought at very least 55% result is what is required to definitively settle matter on Brexit. If the Com Res poll is sustained by other pollsters this will be increasingly hard for the hardBrexiteers crossparty to ignore particularly if no deal or bad deal scenario emerges  
If Brexit is materially different from what people were sold, then the people have the right to change their minds. Me on @BBCr4today this morning: 
Ultimately, history will see Brexit as the child of a small group of preposterous right-wing Tories and a billionaire-owned press, hell bent on creating a low-wage, low-regulation tax haven for its billionaire chums. 
No, the ‘politicians’ cannot stop Brexit because in all conscience Parliament cannot trump a clear referendum result. Only the people can do that. Simple.  
Whenever I get depressed about the state of this country what with this joke of a government & brexit failing miserably, I look over to the US & Trump & it makes me feel so much better. It’s like watching Jeremy Kyle to make you feel better about your own life. 
Second EU referendum would reverse Brexit vote – poll 
Uncertainty caused by #Brexit over Scotland’s farming subsidies and fishing quotas took a worrying turn for the worse yesterday. 
Honestly I don’t think many people apart from Farage whose built a political career out of EU referendums want another one.  The idea of another referendum with all the prolonged uncertainty that would bring would be bad for the UK.  It’s now for the politicians to sort it out. 
Nigel Farage claims a second EU referendum will be 'forced upon' UK. Would you want a second referendum?  
"BARNIER HAMPERS BREXITEERS WITH GAG ORDER" The key EU 'value' of 'transparency' goes out the window, as soon as Barnier is faced with pro-#Brexit people. Full story and VIDEO's:  
The sweet spot after the pound collapse and before we leave the EU. There is nothing global about Brexit. It’s a retreat to the Middle Ages fuelled by fear. 
What put Mrs May into Downing Street, Brexit. What does she fear the most, losing power. What keeps her in power, playing the Brexit card every day she can.#FBPE 
‘I’m out of denial,’ says Farage about a referendum on Mrs May’s Brexit deal. So, as he is de facto Prime Minister, it will happen. Get ready! 
Wide cunt. Okay, I get the message. *Begins packing, checks post Brexit house prices.*  
Brexit is not inevitable, it can be stopped, it must be stopped, it will be stopped.  
The joke is that most of the backers of Brexit don’t live here, don’t pay tax here but make a lot of their money here.Brexit is for the super rich and for the rest it means less of everything. Stop Brexit.#FBPE 
Sincerely, we are well past the point of party politics on the issue of leaving the EU.It is disrespectful to our democracy to continue with this charade.All MP's are entitled & obligated to reveal their true position & act in the best interests of the country#FBPE #brexit 
"Sometimes I believe in as many as six impossible things before breakfast." Alice"Sometimes I demand as many as six impossible things before breakfast." D Davis.#Brexit #Brexitbooks 
If Brexit happens - Nigel Farage becomes considerably poorer. He loses more than half his £250k income and being less relevant his media appearances will slide. He probably wants Brexit to fail more than the most radical Remainer.  
Nigel Farage consulted no one in UKIP before making 2nd Referendum statement. It is NOT Party policy. Brexit now made even harder to achieve 
An excellent graph showing the clear trend of the public's shift against #Brexit It must be time to #ExitFromBrexit 
Can I ask all Brexit voters to follow each other this would give us a huge powerful voice to have a strong lobby group, to push government to move on with Brexit. Get behind Farage & his shout to wake up. 
Not a shock to me. Brexit is not the 'will of the people'. It has no benefits. It will likely do immense harm. There is no reason to do it. Brexit must be stopped. #stopbrexit #Remain #exitbrexit #StopBrexit2018 #StopBrexitSaveBritain #StopBrexit2018 
On BBC Essex, after Farage’s remarks I say Brexit is making us poorer, weaker and more isolated and in a democracy people have a right to change their minds. 
Second Brexit referendum debate explodes after Nigel Farage shows support  
"Nicer"ALL THOSE REASONS TO SUPPORT CORBYN'S BREXIT, IN FULLBook available from #StopBrexit 
No deal is a disaster. The government must tell us the truth about Brexit | Sadiq Khan #stopbrexit#brexitwontwork 
Farage support for a referendum on Mrs May’s Brexit deal is a game changer. House of Lords now has a vital constitutional role to promote the sovereignty of the people! 
Of course Nigel Farage wants a second referendum - without the EU he is nothing.... and considerably poorer. My hot Kipper take.  
After Nigel Farage's bombshell admission that he's open to a second Brexit referendum, we want to know if that would change anything? If Leave won again, would ‘remainers’ shut up? What if the result went the other way?What do you think? We’ll read the best messages out on air. 
Brexit.  Issue number one for me.  If they can’t support a public vote on the final deal, what’s the point in calling them an opposition? 
BREXITConservative Remainer, Baroness Wheatcroft, let the mask slip when she threatened that the Lords could overturn the Brexit referendum vote, because they have “no constituents to fear”.  
Britain would vote to REMAIN if 2nd EU referendum was held, says new poll  
NEW: Second EU referendum would reverse Brexit vote – poll 
#Brexit leader hints at shock support for second referendum  
Thank you Lord @Andrew_Adonis But the underlying argument (Nigel Farage) makes is essentially correct – Brexit is not a done deal, the future is still up for grabs and the debate about Britain’s place in the world continues.#StopBrexit2018 
BREAKING NEWS: Madame Gazelle to be deported following #brexit immigration shake up#FBPE#WeAreTheOppositionNow 
Nigel Farage tells the Wright Stuff on Thursday he might support a second EU referendum, and gets the 8.10 interview on the Today programme on the Friday. Job done. #r4today 
This quote by President LBJ is the essence of Brexit for me “If you can convince the lowest white man he’s better than the best colored man, he won’t notice you’re picking his pocket. Hell, give him somebody to look down on, and he’ll empty his pockets for you.” 
'It will take a lot of money': The EU is considering prolonging Britain’s Brexit transition beyond December 2020  
We are also very glad that you are there Ken Clarke.Mad is one word for Brexit.#StopBrexit2018 #ExitFromBrexit #StopBrexit 
A ComRes survey shows that if there were a second referendum, 55% would vote to remain in the EU and 45% to leave. Further evidence public opinion is turning against #Brexit. Keep campaigning everyone!  
One of the #UK's current and historical strengths has been its light infantry and intervention forces. So, of course, these are now under the shadow of the axe. Terribly short-sighted if, esp in post-Brexit era, wants to play global role 
Ireland angles to pick up post-Brexit legal business  
Did you really vote for a "Rich Mans Brexit" really?  the non wealthy ordinary man in the street are at times unbelievable. Brexit will only benefit the rich-Why do you think they want it so much-a deregulated britain means no controls or protections-taking back control of YOU 
British ODI has value beyond economic and social. It is overwhelmingly Kenyan in its outlook and delivery. @NSEKenya around 70% of board level staff in British invested firms are Kenyan. #BritishChamberBrexitForum will discuss Brexit. To register click  
TUC urges Theresa May to defend workers rights after Brexit  
UK TO VOTE ON BREXIT -- AGAIN?  
And this is how Leonardo Martinez requested President Evo Morales to respect democracy and the 21F Referendum results:  
I was supposed to speak a bit after this guy but BBC chose to edit out my comment criticising the Brexit progress on #citizensrights 
Min @PatBreen1 met w/ @TradeAlliance today - good discussion on #Ireland-#Seattle economic links, the new @AerLingus flight & Brexit  
HMRC 'hit by Brexit and Paradise Papers'  
Trump is a xenophobic, sexist and transphobic bigot. I have every right to peacefully protest against him.Blaming all Muslims for the actions of a minority isn’t right or fair, especially when most Muslims think terrorism is evil.When have I ever called for a 2nd referendum? 
Haiti #Norway and Anderson Cooper, Have You Seen the Latest Polls for the Shithole? #NAFTA #Brexit pic.twitter.com/KVAp2k9W2p 
The philosopher [#Dugin] known as "#Putin's brain" is a big fan of #Trump  via @qzTrump was a win-win for Putin in the "creating anti-Americanism" context. He owns him totally now. And #Brexit was too. But Viva la #France! They stop Le Pen... ;) 
The most euroskeptic areas of Britain could be hardest hit if Brexit damages the services industry, new data shows  
Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley are on a pre-Brexit hiring drive in Frankfurt  
Surely, government and parliament should have known about this already because of the Brexit Impact Assessments?  
Somehow this has been misinterpreted by the remoaners. #Brexit 
“The Brexit options, explained” by @BrookingsInst 
The EU is also full of Cities that used to be beautiful havens of arts, culture, freedom, opportunity & civil discourse that have been turned into Shitholes. This is 1 reason why Brexit happened, Austria voted Kurtz & why Poland & Hungary are concerned for a future inside the EU. 
So if it was unforecastable (not sure that’s a word) why did they forecast it? And there was no talk of the uncertainty of short-term forecasts by those making them during the referendum campaign.  
Trudeau refused to let Canadians decide what outcome they wanted. (Opposition MPs had suggested a referendum with Proportional Representation on the ballot)  
I see a fair few people posting that they voted Leave but now regret it. I have yet to see one person say they voted Remain and now have changed their mind.#Brexit 
As an insurance against any untoward consequence of a 2nd Referendum, I would urge the unity and duty of all Brexiters to be present and vote, even in foul weather or if afflicted by flu. #Sovereign 
A 2nd referendum will make no different at all if won. They will ask for a third and then a forth and a fifth. What they want is to stay under the heel of the EU jackboot and they are prepared to do anything to do this. 
Farage talking about a second referendum is raving mad. We have had our referendum and that is that. 
."Theresa May promised to be bloody difficult in Brexit negotiations, but it is Northern Ireland that is delivering on that pledge."H/T @denisstaunton 
the Brexiteers will start calling for a 2nd ref. This started today with Farage. He cited Adonis, Blair, etc, but this is bollocks, since they dont have much power. He sees that the only way to get his Brexit is to go over parliament and back to the people. 12/ 
DEMO PRO BREXIT OUTSIDE 10 DOWNING STREET 3PM SUNDAY 14TH JANUARY PLEASE ATTEND 
Dawn Butler Brent in QT Today;•Laughed at the idea that an individual might have mental illness.That being the Shadow Equalities Minister laughing.•Directly lied on healthcare spending.•On lynching - "I condemn all abuse."•Framed Labour's 743,063rd Brexit position.  
11 Jan 2017Nigel Farage gets so fed up waiting for Jeremy Corbyn to oppose the government, that he decides to do it for him by calling for a second referendum.  
Brussels try to force Britain to abide by EU fishing quotas during transitionBut,Theresa May: "We will be leaving the EU on March 29, 2019, we will therefore be leaving the Commons Fisheries Policy & Common Agricultural Policy at that date"#Brexit #EU 
1) the 'people' vote to leave the EU. 2) @thatginamiller tells us it must be parliament that decides if we leave EU3) parliament decides to leave the EU4) Gina. "I don't trust parliament". Calls for the 'people' to decide. 
#Brexit Second EU referendum would reverse the Brexit vote reveals shock poll  
I do not want a second Brexit referendum, says Nigel Farage  by @singharj and @sam_lister_ 
Remember Starmer's tests, which anyone with any sense could see that any Brexit would fail - thereby suggesting Labour was remain.They've gone away and aren't mentioned now 
Britain would vote 55% to REMAIN in new EU referendum, latest poll shows. Please RT. It’s time to #StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
Trump cancels visit to UK and Mirror poll shows we'd vote Remain in second Brexit referendum - maybe 2018 might not be so bad after all...  
No deal is a disaster. The government must tell us the truth about Brexit - @SadiqKhan 
Gina Miller is basically the political celebrity equivalent of a Love Island contestant who gets booted off in the first week. What is she doing on QT. Who is she representative of. Apart from her now redundant role in Brexit what is the relevance of her opinion. 
Gina Miller obviously can't speak out about her friend Richard Branson who donated £25,000 and office space to Gina Miller's Best for Britain campaign to stop brexit#bbcqt 
Hey hang on Piers #bbcqt*America is going to be very important to us post #Brexit*Oh REALLY ?I don't WANT the UK to be the 52nd State of the USA 
Europe has completely turned the tables on Brexit: "The size of Britain's negotiating failure is enormous - the EU hasn't shifted its position at all."  
.@PiersMorgan has been fooled & just quoted that deceitful cherry picked clip BBC's Brexit fans Neil & Marr keeps showing of Cameron aparently saying we'd be out of the S. Market. He went on to talk about negotiating our way back in in the same interview.  
Brexit: the burden of reality - how ironic it will be that the only opportunity we will have to "take back control" is when the EU has finished telling us what to do with our new-found freedom...  #Brexit.  
Stopping Brexit is for us to do, and we must. Hopefully EU27's patience will not have run out by the time we do. 11/11 
The objective of EU27 for Brexit negotiations is simply to limit the damage caused by it and move on, not to reverse the decision. 10/ 
You Gov poll - if there was a referendum on staying in the EU tomorrow, Remain would win by 10 points. #FBPE 
I'm still none the wiser about Labour's position on Brexit. #bbcqt Dawn Butler is an absolute airhead. 
Brian May launches blistering attack on Theresa May and Brexit.Brexit is “the dumbest thing Britain has ever done in my lifetime”, says Queen guitarist.On May vs May, back the one who would #StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
#bbcqt  Funny that those who most vociferously talk about #brexit being the settled will of the people are the very ones who don’t want the people have a say on the actual final #BrexitDeal ! 
THREE CHEERS: Trump 'cancels visit to UK next month after fearing he won't be welcome' / #Trump #Brexit #Toxic 
Farage calls for ANOTHER Brexit referendumDue to Nigel’s announcement, the West German Government have demanded a replay of the 1966 World Cup .and WWI and WW2. Macron has declared that The Battle of Waterloo was “too close to call” and wants a re-run. 
What Labour's position on key #Brexit issues looks like #bbcqt  
.@DawnButlerBrent: Labour’s been very clear on #Brexit.@PiersMorgan: You haven’t been clear on any of it! I have no idea what Labour’s position on #Brexit is! In or out of the Single Market?.@DawnButlerBrent: *bluffs by making fuss about being interrupted*No answer#bbcqt 
I stood against @DawnButlerBrent last June. Dawn avoided most public hustings, but when she did turn up stated she wanted the UK to stay in the single market & would vote to stop hard #Brexit. Unfortunately like most @UKLabour MPs she has supported the Tories all the way. #bbcqt 
Dawn Butler having difficulty over Labour’s stance on Brexit. Trouble is most Labour supporters are at odds with their Leader on this - who through his silence is supporting Tory hard Brexit #bbcqt 
Furious protesters BURN #EU flags“EU has no interest in Bulgaria or any Eastern European country""I & many other Bulgarians living in Britain hope, one day, we will see Bulgarian Exit from EU to join UK in an exciting new, independent future."#Brexit 
Dawn Butler has a crack at explaining Labour's latest Brexit position. Bit of vacuous waffle later and we're still none the wiser.#bbcqt 
Dawn Butler claims Labour has a “very clear” position on Brexit and then proceeds waffle on for 5 minutes about “the best deal for jobs”. No clarity on the customs union/single market whatsoever.  #bbcqt 
Why on earth did @piersmorgan just make a football analogy with reference to Brexit?You get to have another go at the FA cup every single year.#bbcqt#StopBrexit2018#FinalSayForAll 
This bloke: "We know what we voted for! Stop delaying and get on with Brexit"Nish: "So how should we deal with the hard border situation in Ireland?"Bloke: "Erm...that's not the point."Fucking hopeless.#bbcqt pic.twitter.com/P0knUkhcx0 
Failed tabloid hack Piers Morgan compares the complexity of Brexit with his shitty team losing a match. And people call him dim.  #bbcqt 
Piers Morgan's analogy that remainers losing the referendum is like Arsenal being knocked out of the Cup has one key flaw: Arsenal get to enter the Cup again next year. #bbcqt 
Keep your eye on the prize.  If you want cancer patients to have access to medical isotopes instead of the UK leaving Euratom for no reason then #StopBrexit.  If you want cash to go to the NHS instead of Brexit then #StopBrexit.  If you want to keep human rights then #StopBrexit. 
Spare a thought for little Bertie. Bertie is so embarrassed by his owner, #MichaelGove, that he often feigns a limp to avoid being taken walkies during daylight hours. Bertie wants a #wooferendum to end the #BrexitShambles. #FreeBertie #brexit #fbpe #Gove #bbcqt #piersmorgan 
.@piersmorgan says that - as in football - we can't replay the Brexit referendum until everyone is happy with the result #bbcqt 
I dont care how difficult it is to leave the #EUI want to leave, and I knew exactly what I was voting for. Remainers want a second referendum to undermine democracy. Nothing more, nothing less.#BBCQT #Brexit 
No, the problem is not that he lied the problem is the lazy interviewer allowed it to go unchallenged. Precisely the same lazy attitude to opinion dressed up as fact paraded throughout the EU referendum and since.  
#bbcqt One annoying bloody woman Gina Miller !!!!! We’re leaving the EU FFS. Stop lecturing everybody non stop. Trying to derail Brexit all the time. 17 million voted leave get over it.      
Watch this for a reminder of what the first stage of #Brexit negotiations secured #bbcqt 
We respect the decision the country made in the referendum. @Conservatives will get the best Brexit deal for our country – Labour’s approach would get us the worst deal #bbcqt 
Gina Miller says we should have a 2nd vote on the Brexit deal because she doesn't trust parliament anymore, she trusts 'the people'. Errrr, then why not trust 'the people' with their first vote? #bbcqt 
We're getting on with securing the best Brexit deal for Britain - who knows what Labour would do? #bbcqt 
Gina Miller - "I don't trust parliament anymore"The woman who went to Court to force Gov. to go to Parliament to ratify EU referendum. Parliament voted to invoke Article 50And that explains Miller's new scepticism#bbcqt 
We have had a referendum let’s move on now and use our time to kick the Tories out of Government. It’s the Tories that are a threat to us not Brexit . #bbcqt 
Businesswoman @thatginamiller says she doesn't have confidence in parliament to scrutinise the final Brexit deal #bbcqt 
Britain would vote 55% to REMAIN in 2nd EU referendum - new poll  
“I think they’ll want to think again and I think they’ll give a very different answer” - @campbellclaret on how he thinks the British public would vote in a second EU referendum #newsnight 
- @RuthDavidsonMSP says 'irrespective of whether you voted to leave or like me, you voted to remain...there's a coalition of just bloody get on with it' #scotnight #brexit 
“Bloody get on with it” says @RuthDavidsonMSP on #Brexit. Get on with what? All the substance of Willo the wisp and the leadership of a sheep. Destined to lead the U.K. Tories.  
Just listened to @BBCNews who stated @Nigel_Farage would support a 2nd #EU referendum but failed to mention that he is only warning that #Brexiteers should be ready for a 2nd if parliament vote against a deal after the negotiations. More fake news by omission!! #Brexit 
Majority of voters now consistently saying that Britain was “wrong” to vote for Brexit. #StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
This is very good, by @MatthewOToole2It’s not just the Brexit border question that divides Ireland. It’s imagination  
Confidently predict (1) There will not be a UK referendum on EU membership in/before March 2019 (2) there will never be a "Brexit deal versus Remain" referendum (3) Brexit debate won't end on Brexit day: what was 'Remain' will have to become 'Return': different (& q.difficult)  
Just as a stopped clock is right twice a day, a broke cock can be right about a 2nd referendum 
Steve Bell on Nigel Farage's call for second Brexit vote – political cartoon gallery in Putney  
Brexit could cost UK £50 billion and 500,000 jobs warns London mayor  
David Cameron really couldn’t have spelled it out more clearly. Listen to his actual words. #Brexit  
These unequivocal words from David Cameron show why a second referendum would destroy British democracy and create enormous instability.  
Oh look @theresa_may has another top priority. Environment. What happened to other priorities eg mental health?Brexit is her only priority 
*Brexit Explained*  
Listened to the Nigel Farage show tonight on the 2nd EU referendum, he mentioned several times that the remain side were well organized and funded on social media and leave were not.We're getting noticed! Keep up the good work #FBPE, don't ease up! 
Who the hell is running London while Khan is running an anti-Brexit campaign? Sadiq Khan spends £42k on biased Brexit impact report by REMAINER-led group 
BBC London says “Mayor’s research confirms Brexit will damage the capital’s economy for years”. “Confirms”! It is just a claim. More bias. 
How most of the British people feel about the prospect of another EU referendum  
Guardian front page, Friday 12 January 2018: Hopes raised for second EU referendum  
My message to the @citylordmayor London Government tonight: Britain cannot afford a ‘no deal’ Hard Brexit. Govt must secure a deal that protects jobs, growth & investment by ensuring we remain in the single market and customs union.  
New polling shows 55% support for staying in the EU. People have the right to change their minds on Brexit if they want to. Pls RT  
FORMER RESERVE IN THE ROYAL ARTILLERY. LOVE PORT VALE, THE WIFE, AND NIGEL FARAGE. #BREXIT 
Putting aside Leavers who believed the lies on the bus or stuck a finger up at Gov, what bothers me is those who quote principles like *sovereignty* *democratic decision*,  Apart from being untrue, they can't show a single benefit of Brexit to them, but begrudge Remainers' rights 
I refuse to be complicit in any form of Brexit. I will fight every single day to #StopBrexit - confident that the unfolding disaster will continue to shift public opinion - and in the unlikely event that we do leave the EU, I will fight every single day to rejoin it. (6/6) 
It won't be @LibDems voters enabling a Hard Brexit, it will be those who continue to support @UKLabour in full knowledge of its leader's Brexit position. Just imagine what we could achieve if all pro-EU voters were to vote for pro-EU parties! (5/6) 
Prospect of 2nd #Brexit referendum floated by....Farage.-Tories angry-Remainers delightedTomorrow’s Guardian  
I didn't vote Brexit but accept the result. 
Monsieur Farage wants a second ref on Brexit. Game on...  
Interesting by @HenryNewman on the Customs Union  Staying in the EU customs union after Brexit would be disastrous for Britain  
'Brexit is GOLDEN opportunity' Economist OBLITERATES Project Fear with EPIC analysis  
Whilst Farage’s decision to come out in favour of another referendum may be him wanting to appear ahead of the game, I suspect his timing had a lot to do with deflecting attention from this report from the US Senate.  
Brexit will only exacerbate the problem regardless of which party is in Government, so for the majority’s sake @jeremycorbyn argue for Remain, stop siding with @Conservatives cohorts otherwise @UKLabour has no future @Labour4EU 
Off to do @SkyNews paper review. Expect we'll get much on @Nigel_Farage who wants a second  referendum which he announced on @5WrightStuff this am when I was on the panel. What a day. 
My message to the London Government dinner at Mansion House: Britain cannot afford a ‘no deal’ Hard Brexit. The Government must secure a deal that protects jobs, growth and investment by ensuring we remain in the single market and customs union.  
Ian's right. Focus. We're on the home straight. Brexit is unravelling.Keep pushing that #Remain message and keep pressing those who are trying so hard to ignore our voices, as well as those of every generation that follows us, in the name of power and identity politics.#FBPE 
Dr Fox RUBBISHES Khan’s Brexit report of 500,000 job loses with no deal, pointing out Sadiq's "forecast’s worst assessment was less than half the assessment” from before Britain voted to quit the European Union, in June 2016. So Project Fear watered down!  
#Brexitcast is back - fitness videos cos its January, Brenda from Bristol, a Second Referendum? And Ukrainian models, or something...  
.@Andrew_Adonis - what was that you were saying about 55-45 to Remain? ‘The ComRes survey predicts that if there were a second referendum, 55% would vote to remain - directly contradicting Nigel Farage’ 
#FBPE hijacked by Blairites/Lib Dems who want to damage Corbyn#PCPEU represents Corbyn supporters who back remain#RJCOB unites leave and remain voters who respect Jeremy Corbyn on Brexit.I voted Remain but respect socialists like Dennis Skinner who backed leave  
Shock poll reveals the result if we have a second EU referendum  
Lol why are you so concerned with us in The Labour Party? Why not tell us what you’ll about the...NHS?Brexit?Police?Prisons?Education?Low wages?High extortionate rents?The deficit? Because they’re all in a conservative mess! 
We seem to be heading for “a rich man’s Brexit from the poor men’s vote”, to adapt a phrase often used in wartime, (“rich man’s war, poor man’s fight”). 
Personally not keen on second referendum. Would prefer ministers and other elected politicians to take their responsibility and show leadership in 2018 to halt a bad #Brexit deal if it is not in interest of Britain and British people.  #parliamentarydemocracy 
Did you know ...There's a German art exhibition relevant to Brexit taking place in Venice right now, with a Remain/Leave set presented to those sailing by on the Canale Grande !!! #StopBrexit 
There's no upside from a second referendum. None whatsoever. Our departure must kill off the EU for the benefit of all other European countries except Germany. We don't want Italy & Spain to be Germany-on-sea. It's very simple. 
55% of the country now want to stay in the European Union, amongst them 75% of Labour voters.As reality starts to bite, Brexit withers on the vine.#StopBrexit2018 
For anyone in any doubt the BBC have shown their Brexit credentials tonight. They say there are two chances for a second referendum, slim chance and fat chance.Why on earth are we paying a licence fee for this biased , anti EU, pro Brexit rhetoric.Shameful as usual.#FBPE 
Poll finds Remain would win 55-45 but not yet a majority wanting another referendum  
How did you vote in the EU referendum and how would you vote now? 
The pivotal moment in the 2016 Brexit campaign when several million swing voters saw your champagne socialist Remainers for precisely who they really are.#CouldntHaveDoneItWithoutYaBobbyBoyx 
I guess reason Farage is (possibly) shifting on #SecondReferendum is he senses another debate is coming and prefers to have it on the street than in Parliament. Wherever it happens, must be of higher quality and better informed than last time #Brexit 
Steve Bell on Nigel Farage's call for second Brexit vote – cartoon  
People are sick of the debate - 'Brexit will sink us; nation is crying out for a 2nd Referendum; vote was won on lies; Brexit will never happen; industry will suffer without migrants; food prices to rocket'. Most people I know have changed their minds - they want to LEAVE!  
Economist Julian Jessop - "Britain’s decision to leave the EU provides a golden opportunity for the UK to become a global champion of free trade once again." #Brexit  
Of course Nigel Farage wants a second referendum - without the EU he is nothing. By me. #nigelfarage #SecondReferendum 
This is the worst Tory government in history, Brexit is a complete disaster and yet....  
MUST-READ: New polling shows 55% support for staying in the EU. People have the right to change their minds on Brexit if they want to. Please RT so everyone knows.  
POLL: Remain would win by 10 points if there was another in/out EU referendum - directly contradicting Nigel Farage:   
Independence is a national priority. Brexit and Westminster aggression threaten the very existence of Scotland. Of this there is no question. Yet some things - even on our own side - are holding us back.  
New polling from @DailyMirror shows 55% would vote to remain if there was another referendum on staying in the EU.  
Steven Woolfe MEP - "Barnier has accepted very clearly that there will be #Brexit in March 2019 and he is working towards that."  
EXCLUSIVE: Shock poll for the Mirror reveals the result if we had a second EU referendum 
Thanks @SadiqKhan - Brexit impact assessments produced in as many weeks as it took Govt to tell us the fishing industry is situated near the coast..@UKLabour must now rethink in the national interest and put clear water between this devastating Govt position. #StopBrexit 
Ukip’s Brexit spokesman distances the party from Nigel Farage’s second referendum comments, telling LBC he would be better off “taking a nice holiday”  
Nigel Farage, writing in tomorrow's Telegraph: "To be clear, I do not want a second referendum" 
If there is a 2nd Referendum I suspect it would be a narrow victory for Remain. More than anything I’m absolutely sure it would again show you should never undertake fundamental constitutional change without a super majority. #Brexitshambles 
Worth noting the growing trend of guitar players being right about Brexit ;-)HT @rogerokeeffe 
.@Nigel_Farage: Today should serve as a wake-up call. A second referendum may be forced upon us and Brexiteers must be prepared #FarageOnLBC 
Project Fear Redux: As Economy Surges, Anti-Brexit Economists Predict Disaster in Report Funded by Sadiq Khan 
Should there be a second referendum on EU membership? 
Khan’s ‘Independent’ Brexit Study Written by Leave-Bashers And Corbynistas  
Tonight’s topics. 1. Nigel Farage and another Referendum 2. Maybot’ s plastic agenda 3. Pussy hats are transphobic!  
Excellent idea Nigel. What is the will of the ppl now the reality of what Brexit means is becoming clear. There's no £350m a week for NHS, no great free trade deals without immigration, no cake and eat it, just huge costs and fewer jobs coming  
Brexit bargaining chip?   
We now go live to Brexit.  
I have just purchased Alternative War, the book by @J_amesp about #Russia meddling into the World's affairs and I suggest you do the same!  #mustreadin2018 #Brexit 
Quite funny watching leave voters turn on @Nigel_Farage . I voted to leave but would vote remain in a heartbeat now. Just about everything the leave campaign said has been exposed as bullshit. #Brexit #EURef2 #Brexit 
Had a meeting this afternoon with senior representatives of 9 US companies with significant investments in Ireland. Spoke about Irish economic developments & #brexit as well as our vital two-way economic ties with the US, which benefits both our countries. 
 via @youtube@ForBritainParty - what our Leader thinks about Brexit and Referendums - no second referendum policy here @ForBritainParty - we can’t do it without you 
Spanish Supreme Court investigates #Catalonia's Association of Municipalities for Independence as well as the Committees in Defense of the Referendum  
Errr.... slightly unexpected support from @PJStringfellow today @standardnews Stressing that he was a long-time Tory voter and an “aspirational” person, he added: “If they carry on with Brexit, I will stop supporting them immediately and would join Vince Cable and the Lib Dems.” 
All that money we will save after Brexit...They're bleeding us dry!   
Nigel Farage demands more publicity and unites with Tony Blair in second referendum call. (My latest.)  
@gavthebrexit @JustManda66 @sandieshoes  I cannot see why Nigel is not calling for a mass boycott by Leave supporters in the event that a second referendum is forced on us, given we were told it was a once in a generation event. 
If there was another EU referendum , how would you vote , retweets would be appreciated  
Anyone else think like Farage Leave would win a bigger victory if we were given a 2nd EU referendum? #LOL 
Things Tories say we can afford:- Tax cuts for corporations- Trident- HS2- Brexit- New Royal yacht- Blue passportsThings Tories say we cannot afford- A properly funded NHS.This #NHSCrisis is a political decision by the Tories; it's not accidental. 
Kassam Breaks with Farage over 2nd Referendum Call – ‘I Don’t Give a Monkey’s What Blair Wants’  
Very helpful & worth reading briefing paper by @StevePeers on likely legal effect of #CJEU case law in the UK post #Brexit as well as effects of expected withdrawal agreement in UK legal order#EULaw #Law2110 
Here’s a thought: as an MEP, would Farage be immune from extradition to the US to face charges resulting from the FBI’s Russia enquiry? Because if Brexit goes ahead then as of April next year he’d be fair game. ;p  
I don’t think there should be a second referendum. I know Nigel Farage is worried the remoaners in Parliament and the HOL are going to try thwart brexit and he thinks a second one will put it to bed, but it won’t. They will find a way to fix the result. 
YES, a second referendum is possible, as is a stronger alliance of pro-EU politicians; and equally possible is that enough people in the UK are not happy with the implications of Brexit - now being revealed for its true ugliness.  
Nigel Farage attacked by Ukip after backing second Brexit poll  
London Mayor Sadiq Khan says ONE WORD on Brexit that will make Leave voters RAGE. He’s PROBABLY the worst London Mayor!  
'It won't happen!'  Tory Brexiteer @nigelmp   brands second referendum idea an 'attack on democracy'  @Nigel_Farage 
The prospect of Brexit is boosting UK FDI, exports and jobs. The increasingly weak case against Brexit is falling to pieces.  
He urges Leave voters to prepare for the possibility of another referendum "whether we like it or not". Adding that his announcement today should "serve as a wake up call" 
Nigel Farage is wrong. There should be no second referendum. The first referendum, expressing the people's will to leave the EU, must be fully implemented. Of course people are free to debate Brexit and argue against it, but democracy must be done. 
Better For The Country Limited was fined £50,000 by the information commissioner for sending half a million spam texts before the referendum 4/ 
Nigel Farage says he doesn't want another referendum, but fears it may be "forced upon us" #FarageOnLBC 
My theory. He secretly hopes to lose a second referendum so he can get back to the life-task he loves & misses dearly: carping about ‘out of touch elites’ & standing up for the ‘ordinary folk’. I think he preferred it to actually winning.  
Remember when he said we all had to respect the referendum result?  
Opinion: I never thought I would see the day that I agreed with Nigel Farage on Brexit | @JimMooreJourno 
Nigel Farage says Britain should vote again on Brexit  
The ten donors of the largest donations to the #Leave campaigns all show a strong dislike of paying their taxes. Article by @JolyonMaugham #Brexit is driven by the most cynical and ruthless section of the tax-dodging rich#StopBrexit #FBPE 
2nd referendum? Unlike the last time when I sat on my arse expecting everyone to see sense, I'll be out knocking on doors making the case why Wales is better off in the EU... 
Is Farage gambling that a second referendum would lead to no deal, & so ditch an EU-UK deal that he already doesn't like the look of? One heck of a gamble if so. 
 “The #HouseofLords are the #PARASITES OF THE #UK & MUST NOW BE ABOLISHED” #AbolishtheLords @UKHouseofLords @LabourLordsUK @LBC #LBC @daily_politics #BBC #SKY @CCHQPress @Conservatives @ConHome #TORY #UK #EU #NEWS #BREXIT @UKLabour #Labour #Momentum 
The Brexit impact assessments I’ve released today reveal the potential economic risks and impact on the lives and personal finances of everyone in the UK. Read more here:  
Nigel Farage elaborates on his second referendum comment in the @Telegraph: I do not want a second vote on Brexit, but my fellow Leavers must be ready to fight for it again 
No Brexit deal could mean 500,000 fewer British jobs, a new study shows  
It was Paul's beloved Tory party that opened the door to the likes of Nigel Farage and Brexit by pandering to a far right agenda. That is their legacy.  
I for one cannot fathom why the unelected #HouseofLords last night #voted to curb the investigative powers of #newspapers...??? #AbolishtheLords @UKHouseofLords @LabourLordsUK @LBC #LBC @daily_politics #BBC #SKY @CCHQPress @Conservatives @ConHome #TORY #UK #EU #NEWS #BREXIT  
BREXIT GLOOM: The EU Is Launching A $1.2 Billion Supercomputing Plan - Without Britain / #EU #Brexit #StopBrexit 
It’s a shame to see prominent brexiteers publicly rowing over #NigelFarage suggestion we should prepare for 2nd Referendum. 
In today's #TanjasDaily I am talking about twists - Farage and the second referendum - and why I believe we have to keep constructively challenge @UKLabour's position 
The potential gamechanger Remainers need is Labour backing a second referendum (which Corbyn hasn't ruled out).  
.Facts are now emerging Let's NOT Brexit...... 
EU immigrants are better educated and more likely to be employed than their British counterparts. The idea that there is an EU immigration 'problem' is just another of the many #LeaveLies.#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit  
Voters were promised before referendum that it was a) once in a generation b) result would be implemented. Nobody has a right to rat on that 
Germany issued shock Brexit WARNING: 14,000 jobs at risk in £3.36 billion HEADACHE  
Don't think Farage backing a second referendum is a "gamechanger": 1. He's not in a position to offer one. 2. Tories now even less likely to back one (won't want to dance to Farage's tune). 
Really worth reading these reports in full - plenty there which would make any liberal or supporter of immigration despair. But Brexit section v.interesting indeed. 
To those saying Remain could never win a 2nd referendum: Here are quotes from regretful Leavers in a series of Demos focus groups  
The EU is launching a $1.2 billion supercomputing plan—without Britain  
I have a feeling that a second referendum would be an all out culture war in which the economic arguments of either side don't get a look in. On that battlefield, remain loses every time. #Brexit 
Britain lines up post-Brexit trade deals with dozens of non-EU countries  
."The only way Farage wins a referendum is if it’s conducted in a similar way to last time - a vague proposition with little detail of what “leave” actually means. A vacuum, to be filled with his lies & misinformation.". 
Labour Brexiters should just try to think for one moment why right-wing Tories and tax-dodging press barons are so desperate to get a hard #Brexit. They may be nasty, but they're not stupid, and they know what's good for them.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Hear more from me about why the Leave side will be utterly dispirited to have ‘Mr Brexit’ tell us we may have to vote again. Join my 8pm  
You have just lost all credibility. A referendum is a single vote on a single topic. We had that. The voters chose. You do not continue to have more votes. Sorry but this is just pathetic. 
I’m afraid anyone that thinks a second Brexit referendum would be any less toxic, any less filled with lies and xenophobia, any less divisive, is pipe-dreaming. 
We can. The issue of a referendum on the final say is now very much in play, thanks to #Farage. We need to be ready for it this time. And we will be.  
Hear more from me about why the Leave side need to prepare for a second referendum at 7pm on @LBC. 
Vermont set to become 1st state to approve recreational use of marijuana thru legislature rather than citizen referendumIMO, then VT should commute/pardon sentences of those imprisoned for what is now not a crime. Similar to what outgoing Gov did in 2016  
One of the most comprehensive polls to date of members of Britain’s four largest political parties has found that the vast majority of Labour, Liberal Democrat and SNP members want a second EU referendum  
Reality check:IF there were to be a 2nd Referendum, the Establishment & EU would go into propaganda overdrive.Electoral fraud (multiple voting, postal voting, 16 y.o’s) isn’t unheard of.There is a risk of a false Remain win. Did South Thanet not teach you anything Nigel?  
The UK will be asked to make substantial indefinite contributions to the EU budget after Brexit in exchange for British banks having access to Europe’s financial markets, under plans being considered in Brussels. 
Nigel's missing the limelight. But admits Brexit not inevitable.  
Just to confirm the exclusions for the next EU referendum:1. Anyone without 5 good GCSEs2. Anyone over the age of 653. Anyone who lives in a poor northern town/city4. Anyone who goes to either the bingo or greyhound racing5. Anyone who has ever voted for UKIP 
Meanwhile Hammond continues to wilfully misunderstand Brexit. EU27 couldn't be clearer that it wants the best deal possible within the self-sabotaging parameters UK govt has erected. But they will not break their own rules and cohesion to give it to us.  
Why does Nigel Farage want a second referendum? To strike quickly before the reality properly starts to bite - my piece with @Alison_McGovern  
Excellent op-ed by @SadiqKhan - we need to have transparency from the Government about the impact of different Brexit outcomes. People have a right to know how this will affect their lives.  
It also takes for granted Brexit line that EU needs us more than we need them and we can threaten to walk away. How many more times must this zombie argument be destroyed? If we jump off the cliff, EU will watch in horror but will not fall alongside us 
Just about to go on Five Live on the forthcoming referendum on Mrs May's Brexit deal 
The #Brexit referendum franchise was deeply unjust. 16-17 years were excluded to appease the Tory Right. EU27 nationals were denied a vote given to Commonwealth nationals. Brits abroad for 15+ years were denied a vote promised by the Tory manifesto.NO MANDATE!#StopBrexit #FBPE 
BREXIT CHAOS: No-deal is a disaster. The government must tell us the truth about Brexit /#Brexit #Labour #StopBrexit 
I think there should be a second referendum as I heard someone say on the radio they voted leave because they hated using centimetres and otherwise it's going to haunt me forever. 
The NHS is currently 40,000*** nurses short. There has been a 90% reduction in applications from EU nurses since Brexit referendum & more nurses are now leaving than joining the NHS (first time ever)  
If the EU Referendum had been a court case, it would have to be re-heard as lies were told. Now those calling for a retrial include the man who actually emerged victorious from that unsafe trial: Nigel Farage. 
ergh just accidentally pressed 'leave' on twitter poll that asked 'how would you vote if there was a second EU referendum' and now I can't get the taste of blue passports out of my mouth. 
#Brexitcast is back!  And @Nigel_Farage says he's come around to the idea of a second #Brexit referendum. The gang discuss what he's up to. Listen    / Subscribe on iTunes:  @bbc5live 
TV is very careful to provide reasonably equal representation of ethnic minorities, but unless I'm sorely mistaken it provides almost no representation of EU 27 nationals. Has this contributed to #Brexit xenophobia?#StopBrexit #FBPE 
UK goods and services exports to the USA almost reached £100bn in 2016, an all-time record. Our total exports to America in the year of the EU Referendum were valued at £99.569bn, up+3.1% on the previous year. It was more than double the value of our exports to Germany.ONS. 
Brexit Stitch Up: Leave campaign chief backs second EU referendum, saying it is 'the only option'  
Leave means leave. Let’s get on with it, no deviation or hesitation, and definitely no repetition, says @UKIP's @SuzanneEvans1 on @Nigel_Farage's call for a second referendum  
Both in Remain Battersea and Leave Luton, considerable appetite for the Farage idea of a Second Referendum on Brexit - some frankly extraordinary voices speaking to our cameras this afternoon, compared to political debate... 
Let's be really clear on this - the country took a decision and @theresa_may is implementing it. A second referendum would destroy our negotiating hand, betray our democratic principles and create needless uncertainty for businesses. Let's just focus on getting on with the job! 
Farage’s latest idea is going down like a plate of cold sick with Brexit voters  
Disappointed to see another prominent Eurosceptic MP appointed to the Brexit Department in Suella Fernandes. She recently chaired the European Research Group of MPs pressing for a “hard Brexit” -- a sign that our PM is embracing hard Brexit whatever the cost. #FBPE 
In the last 18months I've taught in many schools and colleges and not heard a 17/18yr old voice support for Brexit. To them its "what my racist Grandad" supports or "those fox hunters in the countryside" 
(1) Leaving Single Market = hard Brexit.(2) Cherry-picking from SM and CU are not options. (3) I would have thought the Labour Party is about more than JC’s base.(4) Brexit going ahead means significantly more problems than recognising that it is a mistake and stopping it.  
OkBoth Farage and Banks and now in favour of a second referendum.Something we don't know about is happening behind the scenesI'm calling shenanigans.Big wide hairy 50m tall hairy shenanigans!#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Would welcome a #finalsay referendum on the 2019 reality instead of the 2016 fantasy, but would then happily see the UK’s failed experiment with referenda binned for good. 
NEW The government faces "a constitutional car crash" when Brexit bill arrives in the Lords, warns top Lib Dem peer  
Latest YouGov Brexit tracker finds 90% of Remain voters sticking with their choice compared with 83% Leave ones 
Farage’s desperate attempts to grab headlines aside. There isn’t any sign of concentrated public desire for another vote.Why spend another £80 million on a second referendum? On a 72 pc turnout, 17,410,742 people voted Leave — the biggest vote in British history for anything. 
Brexit leader Nigel Farage admits Britain may need a second referendum  
I think we understand them pretty well. Big corporate business doesn't want Brexit & the Tory party is for Remain  
Nigel Farage called for a second referendum. I guess he needs the work. 
14,000 German jobs at risk in £3.36 Billion HEADACHE for BerlinGermany issued with dire WARNING of HUGE job losses if #Brexit involves tariffs with no access to single market & customs union.42,500 German jobs depend on suppliers’ ties with Britain#EU 
Nigel Farage: Doctors reporting patients are dying in corridors under intolerable conditions. Just imagine if the £Billions being spent on #Brexit went to the #NHS instead. And imagine how much £350,000,00 every week would help. 
WATCH: @ChukaUmunna on @LBC Radio on Nigel Farage's change of mind to back a second referendum. It's right that the British public know that Brexit is not inevitable.  
Met with @LoigCG  - good opportunity to set out @WelshGovernment commitment to staying in the Single Market & retaining the closest possible relationship with the EU post #Brexit  
#UKIP should expel Nigel Farage for suggesting a Second Referendum.I am now of no doubt that he'd rather the UK stay in the EU to preserve his salary.My support for him dimmed when he joked about extra-marital affairs. But his suggestion of a Second Referendum defies logic! 
One theory: Banks, Farage et al wanted a narrow defeat as this would have given them most influence. Their narrow victory is making them an irrelevance within an irrelevance; with a possibility that a late second referendum would see them buried for good. 
PaddyPower now taking bets on outcome of new Brexit Referendum4/7 Remain11/8 Leave 
If you're a Scottish unionist bitching about #Brexit, you truly have zero credibility. You don't genuinely care about the Scottish economy or EU nationals here. You still want WM to determine our fate. 
This is the bulldog spirit that will enable us to make a success of Brexit.  
Hearing rumours that, as a result of Brexit, Cadbury’s will begin the process of moving all their production to Asia by 2019. Might just be Chinese Wispas though. 
.@DavidDavisMP I thought you might find the attached instructive. This is what a Brexit impact assessment is SUPPOSED to look like. @SadiqKhan can provide more detail if you or DExEU require it - and he will help you with the longer words.  
Updated trend chart YouGov's Brexit tracker  
Dear Michel, these cretins DO NOT speak for the people of Britain. They are maverick agitators. Please deal with the UK, not a bunch of bitter has-beens we rejected years ago! #Brexit pic.twitter.com/nUK5sMF74e 
Having lived in the UK for 10 years and just moved back to the continent, I have come to the opinion, slowly, that the EU is better off without the UK. If there is a second UK referendum, there should also be an EU one: "Do we want to take back these egocentric toddlers?" 
So "Nigel Farage" thinks we "could" have a 2nd referendum on Brexit. Do you; 
Peter Whittle : 'Unbelievable ineptitude' Angry Brexiteers attack Sadiq Khan over anti-Brexit report   
The EU is the clapped out old banger, mate!Just so you know, I would not be voting to remain this time. I’m even more set on leaving/Brexit than I was in June 2016 xx@ChukaUmunna @LBC 
What message would a 2nd EU Referendum send to the British Voter ?Your Vote Doesn't Count Unless You Vote Remain ...#Brexit #Brexiteers #EUref2 #EUref #Remain 
New Initiative to position Ireland as global centre for legal services post-Brexit launched by Minister for Justice & Equality @CharlieFlanagan @TheBarofIreland & supported by @IDAIRELAND  
Siri, show me an obvious metaphor for how the second referendum on Brexit might go  
I vote we have a referendum on whether Nigel Farage, who failed many times to become am MP and is chums with the far-right,  should STFU while the grown ups of the UK sort his mess out  
This is why talk of a second EU referendum is an absolutely madcap idea - @IainDale 
In a second EU referendum, as suggested by Nigel Farage today, how would you vote? (RT please)#Opinions #Polls #Youth #Remain #Leave #Politics #Brexit #StopBrexit #HaveYourSay #NigelFarage #EU #EUref2 #secondreferendum #RT 
NO SECOND REFERENDUM !!!!!NO SECOND GENERAL ELECTIONS !!!NO-ONE IN GOV CAN BE TRUSTED, JUST GET ON WITH WHAT WE VOTED FOR , STOP WASTING OUR TIME & MONEY         oh and by the way my lottery ticket wasn’t a winner last night can it be redrawn ?FFS !!!!!! 
3 days ago Farage said I was a 'twisted weasel' for wanting a referendum on Mrs May's Brexit deal. Now he wants one too. "Weasel: mammal carnivore with long, sharp canine teeth to bite the head or neck of prey to break its bones." 
At least @nigel_farage sees the stakes in the #Brexit debate. Remain should match courage of his convictions.    
BBC News - Sadiq Khan warns of Brexit 'lost decade'  Why the hell don’t you concentrate on your brief which includes stamping out knife crime,acid attacks,terrorism & murders, instead of spreading false anti govt economic scare stories. 
Yeah that pro Trident, pro Brexit Labour party in WM, is definitely more "left wing" than the SNP. I'll have what wee Duncy is smoking.   
RT FOR A MAY REFERENDUM We demand a May referendum to allow students and young people to cast their vote and have their say on a referendum to #repealthe8th It's #Time4Change  #StudentsForChoice 
Revealed: 87,000 jobs at risk in London in no-deal Brexit scenario  
Things Nigel Farage is wrong about:BrexitImmigrationClimate changeThe gender pay gapThings Nigel Farage is right about:Needing a vote on the Brexit dealWe want an Exit from Brexit. If you do too, join our campaign today >  
A big 2018 for EU/Brexit/Italy/populismKey people to have in your timeline@RobinNiblett@TomHRaines@p_surridge@simonjhix@whatukthinks@anandMenon1@GeorginaEWright@JamesRDennison@AndrewPGeddes@JamesKanag@SLdeLange 
I want Brexit to go ahead, cos I know it will be a disaster, and it will persuade people to vote Yes in indyref2, and Scotland will be a proud nation once more and we will lead the world with our BANHAMMER. #freedom 
The UK political establishment is coming around to the idea of a 2nd Brexit referendum. But even if the pro-EU side wins, Brexiters would call for a rubber referendum. Best 2 out of 3. That’s insane. So, proposal: just admit the original mistake and work to rejoin the EU fold.  
Friends! An important announcement from Our Remain Camp:With immediate effect, the former "Far-Right Fascist racist bigot, the hated Farage, who viciously campaigned for a Referendum on Our EU", is now:"Our Nige, who is very wisely calling for a second Referendum on Our EU."  
Farage is the father of Brexit. If anyone has the right to kill off this satanic child, it is he.  
Kind of disappointed with the slow Twitter uptake on realising how the idea of a 2nd referendum is such a win-win for Farage & co. Stop thinking he's stupid when he's not. 
Can we have a referendum?You can have a constitutional assemblyOK cool they recommend changes can we have a referendum?You can have a committee to discuss the assemblyOK. They've made recommendations. Can we have a referendum?Look guys I don't know about this.. pic.twitter.com/40YjJxlbEk 
My take on Farage's 2nd ref comment:1. Being provocative to get publicity2. Thinks it's winnable3. Knows he can always argue for a 3rd one if it's lost4. Knows it would be even nastier than the first one, so wants to put the scarers up May et al to 'get on with' Brexit 
#NigelFarage says he is close to backing a second EU referendum to end the "whinging and whining" of anti-#Brexit campaigners We say BRING IT ON! Sign up here to stand with us >>  
Britain will not hold a second EU referendum - May's spokesman Oh well looks we will be having a 2nd Referendum then!  #StopBrexit2018 #FBPE 
'Are we old, pasty-white, knuckleheaded Brits as bigoted and ass-backward as everybody thinks? Damn bloody right we are!': Confident the result will turn out the same as the first, Nigel Farage calls for second referendum on Brexit  #Brexit @Nigel_Farage 
LISTEN: Kassam Breaks with Farage over 2nd Referendum Call – 'I Don't Give a Monkey's What Blair Wants'  
Nigel Farage, so taken he was with being termed ‘the most successful politician of our time’ by Ken Clarke, is now desperate to prove he can lie to the public, drive a Brexit vote & drive the country off a cliff, not just once, but twice. Just for good measure. Just to prove it.  
Desperate Tory voices trying to shut down on giving us a #FinalSay in 2018  to Confirm #Brexit or #StopBrexit, now Farage has come out for a Rethink. Come on @UKLabour this is your chance to put clear red water between you & the Tories if #Corbyn backs it too May's on her own. 
So Nigel Farage and Vote Leave now back a final referendum on Brexit. The very architect of Brexit is saying this.If the face of UKIP now backs this, how can Labour (who apparently have no ownership of Brexit) be for the exact opposite?#StopBrexit 
Nigel Farage is back in the news (again) so enjoy this Twitter response of the year  #nigelfarage #brexit  
Indeed the same “centrists” and Liberals who can look past the histories of war criminals Blair and Campbell because they’re “right on Brexit” now quoting Farage because he’s “right on a 2nd referendum”. Staggering hypocrisy.  
Sadiq Khan should stop whining about Brexit and concentrate on running the buses and cutting crime. His report today is just misery porn for Remoaners. Bring on #Brexit - let the good time roll!  
The Fallacy of a No Deal Brexit:  
Even Nigel Farage admits #Brexit is not a settled issue...  
HolyMoly.Just when you thought #Brexit couldn't get more surreal.When Pro-Brexit politicians are giving out hampers of products from pro-EU British manufacturers undermining their stunt about power of British trade...#NigelFarage drops this bombshell.Wake up #wonderland. 
I bought one. It will be an heirloom of my house. I will pass it to my oldest grand child as I tell him of the time before #Brexit. As we while away the evenings around the bin fire. 
Loving this from @Otto_English on @Nigel_Farage's complete and utter self-interest. #brexit is just one big f***ing ego trip for him 
Aaron Banks...#NigelFarage...Want a #2ndreferendum on the #brexit deal?Fine.Okay.If you insist.I won't put up a fight.Seems like a very sensible idea to me.Very democratic in fact.Let's do it."Landslide for #Leave" they say.They say...#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Generally lean towards Remain, but confused by Farage?Ask yourself these Qs.Does staying in the EU necessitate a further referendum?* Yes (sadly, IMHO)Does Farage’s statement today increase likelihood of that happening?* YesHate Farage, sure, but today he’s been useful 
#BOOM Donald Tusk warns Poland could hold a Brexit-style EU referendum  
Further confirmation of my long-held view that Nigel Farage is one of the greatest impediments to a successful Brexit  
Is Nigel Farage suggesting a second referendum to make Remainers against it? Personally I don’t want anymore referendums, just a Government that goes “yeah, looks like Brexit was a bad idea. Let’s just move on ok?” 
On the day Nigel Farage says UK shd maybe have 2nd EU referendum, Pres Trump says US cd conceivably go back into Paris climate deal. 
I'm pretty sure what Margaret Thatcher would have said to the idea of a second EU referendum: No, No, No. The British people have already spoken on Brexit. Their will must be respected.  
Britons won't change their mind on Brexit, respected pollster Sir John Curtice warns Remainers  
Meanwhile all the government can do is eat, sleep and breathe Brexit  
Was Britain right or wrong to leave the EU?Right: 42%Wrong: 46%Don't know: 12%By my count "wrong" has led in past 12 polls, "right" not led since July '17YouGov Jan 7-8 2018 #brexit #EU 
Sadiq Khan just said London (mostly Remainers) would be fine, but rest of the UK (mostly Leavers) would suffer from Brexit. He truly is an arsehole of the highest order.  
Pointless #cabinetreshuffle still trending#NHScrisis no longer trending And now Nigel Farage & Brexit 2nd referendum to add to the mix. Job done. (Whatever happens- DO NOT let #NHScrisis trend again!!!) 
Furthermore, a simple 2nd referendum would allow politicians to once again turn it into "Look around you, look at your income, are you happy with the status quo, or do you want things to improve. Vote for change". That kind of question will only ever be answered one way. 
We can find the money for DUP. We can find the money for Trident. We can find the money for Brexit. We can even apparently find the money for a Trump State visit. But we cannot find the money for our NHS. 
he cannot be trusted he has a plan - he is a political animal and everything he does is for his benefit and leaving EU = his referendum will be fixed in some way 
Anyone who still believe in ONE nigeria after 57 years of independent. no electricity, no ruing water, no Schools, no Hospital, no good Road, no Fuel, You must be a fool at 57 like nigeria. #BiafraExit via Referendum, Biafrans will decide. #InBiafraWeStand. @NkirukaNistoran 
Am often informed by Brexiters that #Brexit harbours wonderful opportunities. But when I enthusiastically ask them to be more specific they disappear. 
Threefold rise in number of Brits applying for French citizenship is just another disastrous consequence of Brexit, say French. 
Whilst Nigel Farage basks in hot spotlights of tv studios asking for a 2nd EU referendum, please keep your voices loud on #NHScrisis Remember the NHS Brexit lies you were told & have in your mind that no matter what platitudes this govt gives, they are destroying the NHS. 
One of the architects of Brexit just called for a second referendum  
We have a bunch of millionaire “politicians” claiming to be for the people & simultaneously taking this country for a ride. It is disgusting & disgraceful. #Brexit  
A second referendum would be disastrous for our standing in the world and for the strength of our democracy. We must resist it at all costs. 
How would you vote  a 2nd EU referendum? #EUref2 #brexitRETWEET & VOTE  #YourVoiceMatters - Nigel Farage warming to second EU referendum  
Exactly a year ago "right to leave" had 4 point lead in YouGov Brexit trackerToday "wrong to leave" has 4 point lead 
WHAT??? WAIT A WEE MINUTE BUB!!!! didnt Nig say that it was 'ridiculous' to have 'referendum after referendum until the snp get the answer they want'?? .... Such a hypocrite ... I know who's clear and who isnt  
YouGv Brexit tracker. In hindsight "right or wrong to vote to leave EU"Right 42% =Wrong 46% +1DK 12% 
RT FOR A MAY REFERENDUMWe've all waited long enough but young people with years of their reproductive lives ahead of them have a particular stake in the outcome of a #repealthe8th referendum. They must be given every opportunity to vote. #Time4Change 
Farage wants a second Brexit referendumBring it onRemainers must now prepare themselves for the fight of their lives – and show that a fairer and more democratic Britain within the EU is possible 
Nigel Farage, Aaron Banks & @Jacob_Rees_Mogg won't accept anything but a devastating hard Brexit. Nor will their paymasters. So, We Need to Talk About Those Who Would Gain from a Hard Brexit 
Farage wants a second referendum. Bring it on!  
Name me a country that that has won a 2nd referendum? @Nigel_Farage & @LeaveEUOfficial  have today weakened the UKs negotiating position in the EU, & weakened our democracy in the UK, you have stabbed 17.4M brexiteers in the back , you have lost my support , Unfollowed 
Who didn't tick the box?WHO DIDN'T TICK THE BOX??#SecondReferendum #brexit  
Can you even begin to imagine the pure horror that would be unleashed by a second referendum? 
Maybe, just maybe, you should accept that the people have spoken. No 2nd Referendum, no delays, only Brexit. We are leaving, Nigel, we granted you your wish.  
We need to get back to 1st principles on this whole business. We need a referendum on having a referendum, all other referenda being declared null & void in the meantime. Should "No Referendum" win, ANYONE WHO EVER MENTIONS IT AGAIN IS IMMEDIATELY STRANGLED BY ANGLICAN NUNS. 
Slimy Sadiq Khan commissions a Brexit “study”. Look at him & the UK media ONLY talk about the COMPLETELY unrealistic worst case scenario of the UK economy losing £54bn by 2030. A scenario based on ZERO trade deals. Totally misleading reporting. Don’t be conned! 
And here’s our second edition @EveningStandard as, somewhat surprisingly, Farage suggests a second referendum ...  
Don't disagree with a word of what @SuzanneEvans1 has written for @BrexitCentral in response to @Nigel_Farage - his call for a second EU referendum is epically stupid  
The only thing ‘epic’ about Farage’s statement was its stupidity.Even putting aside the astronomical and completely unjustified public cost of a second referendum, Farage’s comments are an open goal for the Remain camp, writes @UKIP's @SuzanneEvans1  
So even Farage now admits that #Brexit is reversible - there is nothing inevitable about the reckless direction the Government is taking us - please RT  @Open_Britain 
Poland offers Theresa May backing over Brexit deal amid rift with EU  
EU hints that Britain COULD get access to single market after Brexit - but only if we pay into budgets. Why on earth would we do that? Other countries do not need to and it would allow the EU to have complete control of UK. 
We’ve now reached a bizarre point within the soap opera of Brexit where Nigel Farage is suggesting a second EU referendum and Jeremy Corbyn isn’t.#Brexit 
Our campaign’s response to calls for a second referendum:  
I had no idea that Nigel Farage had the power to call a second referendum. I didn’t think this 7 times failed MP and lickspittle blowhard clown buffoon has any power at all.  
Do remember.  Brexit is just about a return to being a normal independent sovereign country.  Like the vast majority of countries in the world. 
.@_HenryBolton 'No Second Referendum' says UKIP Leader  
And Farage today backing another Europe referendum is entirely consistent with his view before the last one that 52-48 Remain would be "unfinished business"  
Protected Geographical Indications are backed by the might of the EU. How does the UK plan to ensure these protections, especially when countries such as the US want to negotiate trade deals including plans to call their whisky 'Scotch'? #Brexit  
The first EU referendum was a vote on an idea/hunch with no details. A second referendum would be a vote on the actual details of the negotiated #Brexit deal. It would be a vote on the terms and conditions of Brexit. The country should have the final say, not politicians.  
READ | @Arron_Banks responds to Nigel's call for a second referendum: “If we do not act radically now, we will sleepwalk into a faux Brexit, in name only.” 
If the Brexit that is delivered does not match up to the promises of Leave campaigners - with no sign of £350 million extra per week for the NHS but a whopping great divorce bill of £39 billion - then everyone is entitled to ask if this is the right choice for our country  
The Government hasn’t released impact assessments for Brexit – so I have.  It’s now clear the Government must negotiate a deal that enables us to remain in both the single market and the customs union.  
I never in my wildest dreams thought I’d ever agree with Nigel Farage about anything. But now! - I’m with him on a 2nd referendum! 
The Lib Dems' @thomasbrake ponders what would be on the Leave campaign's bus in a second referendum campaign.  
Soaring UK exports since the referendum have reduced the UK's trade deficit by 25%  
PMQ.     For Sturgeon to say that the tories are inflicting brexit on us is nonsense...  the people of Britain, across all parties and none, voted to come out of the EU.... 
Can we all take a moment to recognise how insane it is that the Mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, has the foresight to commission research on the impact of Brexit, but our @Conservatives government has not bothered? Which is the economically responsible party, again? 
Farage: 'We should have a second referendum'  
Hey, Remoaners, how about this for the ballot for your “2nd EU referendum”? Works for me...  
my guess is that Nigel Farage just craved more attention, without thinking through how this would galvanise Remainers who until now thought Brexit couldn't be stopped  
Following Farage’s comments this morning, should there be a second EU referendum?RT once you have voted. #AylettPoll(Note: this is an unscientific poll and is not representative at all) 
Prime Minister in her “green” speech today cites “waters now cleaner than ever before”.  The reason is because we are part of EU and have had to meet standards like these now threatened by her #Brexit: Bathing water - Environment - European Commission  
.@SadiqKhan Considering that @jeremycorbyn, and so by extension @UKlabour under his leadership, supports leaving the Single Market, it really is not just the government that must get a grip here. Leaving Single Market effectively = hard Brexit. What are you doing about that?  
That said, I agree with @Nigel_Farage that Leave would win another EU referendum by a bigger margin. But 52% was a clear win in the face of the entire Establishment backing Remain. That decision is final.  
Here's the political problem. Tories don't want to investigate Russia/Brexit because it undermines the referendum result. Labour doesn't because it is led by Putin fans 
OK delirium over. Let's be serious.Nigel Farage is calling for something we should NOT be calling for.A simple 2nd Referendum would not address the problem with the first one: IT'S NOT A BINARY CHOICE.The vote MUST be based on the realities of the deal.Deal / No Deal / Remain 
The Leave-supporting economist Gerard Lyons DISMANTLES Sadiq Khan's latest pathetic assessment of Brexit. 
Nigel Farage has today said maybe it's right for a second referendum. If it happens how will you vote. Retweet to get as big a sample as possible 
Call me a cynic but I can't help wondering why Farage wants a rerun of the referendum which spelled an end to his lucrative career as an MEP and populist rentagob. 
Just bumped into @Andrew_Adonis on the tube. Thanks to @Nigel_Farage he reckons another referendum will now happen. So we’ve bet a decent bottle of wine on a vote next February on May’s deal vs status quo, outcome 55/45 Remain thanks to the young folk. Watch this space! 
Leaving the EU is a mistaken act of self harm based on a pipe dream & on dishonest representations of our place in the EU & the EU’s functions.I’d love to see the advisory referendum ignored & move on.Farage blowing off about another referendum is largely irrelevant. 
Today is the beginning of the end for Brexit. With Farage admitting there is no mandate without a #finalsay ref all parties must realise there is no democratic way to leave without it.Public mood has changed and we demand a vote on whether the Tory Brexit is good enough. #fbpe 
Remoaners are right: we *didn’t* have full information before Britain voted in the 1st EU referendum. It was in 1975. The 2nd EU referendum was in 2016, when we knew what membership meant. We chose to LEAVE. Let’s move on.  
Farage believes the Leave vote would increase in a second referendum. How would you vote?Please share widely#Brexit 
Has @Nigel_Farage secured a new round of Russian funding for a second referendum? 
Has the Arch-Brexidiot finally realised Brexit is such Clusterfuck that the British people need an opportunity to Exit Brexit?  
Nigel Farage this week called @Andrew_Adonis a twisting little weasel for wanting a second EU referendum, but today says he is warming to the idea of a 2nd vote.  A reverse ferret. 
Farage, Architect of Brexit, Sees Case for Second Referendum...  
WATCH | @Nigel_Farage: If we had a second referendum on EU membership we'd kill it off for a generation. The percentage that would vote to Remain would be much bigger than it was last time. It will finish the whole thing off and I can disappear into total obscurity. #FBPE #Renew 
Second referendum voters ‘might try finding out about it this time’ 
Thanks.And to everyone who’s said welcome.It’s important that we draw people now from all parties who oppose Brexit.  
A second referendum has all sorts of problems but on current evidence, Remain would at least have the advantage of Theresa May having to make the case for Leave. 
Just imagine this story:Nationalist arrogance helps fuel Brexit,Remainer complacency wins BrexitFarage's over-confidence reverses BrexitFuture generations will use this entire decade a fable about pride. 
Farage’s call for a second referendum shows exactly why Vote Leave worked so hard to keep him out of the 2016 campaign. His maverick attitude and constant quest for publicity tends to make everything about him. 
this could save Britain. Either it confirms Brexit except this time with open eyes as to the dire economic and geopolitical consequences. Or it rejects Brexit now that it understands what it is, then goes on its knees in Brussels and is allowed back in (but without the rebate).  
Not sure the next generation agree with you, Nigel. If you want to join the fight for our job, our rights, and to stop Brexit austerity follow @laboursinglemkt and RT  
Also interesting that this second referendum line from Farage being backed up against Ukipper ire on here by Arron Banks, and that he said this in the week he met with Michel Barnier.... 
Weak Sadiq should stay out of Brexit and get a grip on law and order instead - my latest video blog  
FM: "It is absolutely disgraceful that having launched this power grab on this Parliament, the Tories have failed to deliver on any promises to fix it." #Brexit #FMQs 
With the Tories planning to leave the European Union in name only, reluctantly, a second referendum may be the only way to ensure Brexit means Brexit!  
Labour Leave does not support a second referendum. The British people voted to leave by majority. The Labour Party opposes a second referendum. It is up to our elected representatives to ensure we do leave. Let’s get on with it and make Britain global. 
Labour folk who claim that Labour has no responsibility for #Brexit are wilfully ignoring the fact that the government does not command a solid Brexit majority in the Commons - thanks, of course, to the Remainer votes the Labour Leadership treats with contempt.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Farage probably right that a 2nd referendum would produce bigger Out vote, but what if outcome was very tight either way? Debate would never end! People have made their choice. Let's crack on. 
It's his get out.He does not want to be blamed for Brexit.All those jobs lost, due to Nigel Farage.All those companies gone, due to Nigel FarageAll that anger in the UK - directed at Nigel Farage.People are going to want to see him burned in hell. #StopBrexit#FBPE 
"I’m reaching the point of thinking that we should have a second referendum"  
Brexit campaigner Farage says warming to idea of second EU referendum to end debate  
#poll for U.K people. #Brexit : @Nigel_Farage says perhaps we should have a second #EUreferendum to once and for all silence the #Remainers. What do you think the outcome would be? 
#Brexit, even though not happened yet, has already done so much damage to the UK. Wonder if the "United" Kingdom will ever be united again.  #StopBrexit 
The EU isn't "punishing" the UK for Brexit. The UK is punishing itself.  
It's not often I agree with #NigelFarage but maybe he's got a point. A second referendum where you vote on what has been negotiated would be the put up or shut up moment for both sides. If out - we shut up and get on with it. If in - we shut up and get on with it.  
.@ThomasBrake responds to Nigel Farage's comments on holding a referendum on Brexit deal  
UK manufacturing output  expanding fastest rate since early 2008 after recording 7th consecutive month of growth in November. bet the BBC says despite Brexit 
Attention seeker seeks new referendum to prolong the attention he seeks. 
2018. In a supposedly developed country. Brexit will make understaffing worse, regardless of which party delivers Brexit.  NHS patients dying in hospital corridors, A&E doctors tell Theresa May  
It's this patronising, know it all attitude from liberals that led to Brexit. I voted Remain but treat leave voters with respect. I also bear in mind Dennis Skinner voted leave, as would the great Tony Benn have done had he been alive.  
Britain's Second Referendum Anxieties:  
For perhaps the first time in his life, Nigel Farage is making a valid point. In a democracy like ours, the British people have every right to keep an open mind about Brexit.  
So, it is possible to carry out #Brexit impact assessments - IF there is a will to do it AND to face the evidence. Impact studies from @scotgov will be published later this month.Will this put enough pressure on those that avoided the evidence so far? 
The EU has a history of insisting on second referendums till the vote goes it's way or just ignoring the vote altogether. We had a referendum, just leave EU and never rejoin the EU. Nigel Farage has lost the plot.  
Okay, honest, no-joke hypothesis here: Farage wants Britain to stay in the EU. He is DESPERATE for a way out of Brexit. 
Support growing on both sides of the argument for a vote on the final deal. In any future referendum, @LibDems will be leading the charge against Nigel Farage to keep Britain in the EU 
Nigel knows Brexit will be a disaster and he will be a figure of ridicule in the history books.  Much better to lose a second referendum and bang on about what might have been for the next 20 years.  
If Nigel Farage coming out as wanting a #finalsay referendum doesn’t give Jeremy Corbyn cover to do the same I honestly don’t know what would? #fbpe 
"Maybe we should have a second referendum."@Nigel_Farage tells @5WrightStuff the UK should vote again on EU membership as "the percentage that would vote to leave next time would be very much bigger". 
Nigel Farage back calls for second referendum following dissatisfaction with result of first  
If there was a second referendum on EU membership what would you do?(RT for larger sample)#SecondReferendum 
The #Brexit negotiating strategy of @DavidDavisMP, summed up.#StopBrexit #DavidDavis #Remain #Brexitshambles #EU #PhilipHammond #FBPE 
So today Nigel Farage is talking about supporting a 2nd referendum, Sadiq Khan is releasing Brexit impact assessments for various scenarios and Theresa May is talking about beavers. 
Alas we always knew the Tories couldn't be trusted to deliver Brexit. The cabinet is Solidly Remain & this fight will have to be re run   
Britain lines up post-Brexit trade deals with dozens of non-EU countries  
Nigel Farage: "So maybe – just maybe – I’m reaching the point of thinking that we should have a second referendum on EU membership." For once, I agree with him.#Brexit 
Hands up who wants a second referendum!#ToothlessFarage #Brexit #Farage 
INTHENEWS: #SadiqKhan warns of Brexit 'lost decade'His degree is in law not economics!The biggest loss this generation has experienced is by having this vile man as Mayor!  
Of course Nigel Farage wants a second referendum - without the EU he is nothing. My hot take.  #wrightstuff #NigelFarage 
Nigel Farage, the architect of Brexit, has called for a second referendum  
Yasmin Alibhai-Brown inadvertently clinches the Second Referendum for Leave.  
I don't know where to look next this morning:- NHS A&E waiting times worst ever- Nigel Farage joining calls for second referendum!- Sadiq Khan producing the Impact Assesments our government has failed to do- Short term Prime Minister setting out long term plans 
That’s precisely what Cameron calculated: he said Farage, Cash, Duncan Smith would never give up so he called a referendum to settle matters once and for all.  Alice in Wonderland comes to Britain....  
JUST IN: Nigel Farage, the most prominent campaigner for Britain to leave the EU, says he might support a second Brexit referendum  
WATCH | @Nigel_Farage: "If we had a second referendum on EU membership we'd kill it off for a generation. The percentage that would vote to leave would be very much bigger than it was last time. We may just finish the whole thing off and Blair can disappear into total obscurity."  
given that the (frontbench) Tories take their cue from UKIP/Farage, are we now all agreed: brexit is not inevitable 
More Londoners voted Leave than for KhanYet Khan - passionate continuity Remainer wastes tax-payers  on "independent" Brexit analysis authored by Brexit bashing 'experts' High time Sadiq got on with the day job...#YouCantTrustKhan 
Challenge accepted. As a staunch #Remainer, IF the referendum was based on a supermajority, with EU Nationals given the vote & UK Nationals in EU over 15 years too (+16/17 yr olds ideally), then I would shut up if result was leave again. RT if you agree. I am #StopBrexit #FBPE 
I agree. Let’s have a final referendum on FULLY leaving the EU, it’s neo-liberal austerity, it’s control of our borders, our trade, our foreign policy, our courts, our economy, our fiscal policy, our destiny. I agree with you on only one thing; all these must be decided by us. 
Nigel Farage has called for a second EU referendum. So, how would you vote:“Should the United Kingdom remain a member of the European Union?”RT once you have voted. #AylettPoll(Note: this is an unscientific poll and is not representative at all) 
Shocking but not surprising. The Treasury, which is staffed by people who place the economy over nationalist ideology and deluded nostalgia, knows that weighing up different Brexit options amounts to comparing different levels of force for crashing the family car  
Tim Farron: We should have a second referendum on terms of BrexitThe Media: LOONY LIBERAL WANTS TO IGNORE DEMOCRACY!Nigel Farage: We should have a second referendum on EU membershipThe Media: Sound lad 
OK whomever said 'Brexit' three times, you've only gone and made Nigel Farage appear on TV and all over Twitter again 
So, you can have Brexit or you can have the NHS - we cannot afford both.  I know which one I chose, and it includes the right to live and work in 32 European nations, contributing to European peace and influence and control over EU laws  
As warned,EU transition terms mean continued obedience of entire Acquis INCLUDING the CFP. As we'll re-agree to obey these laws AFTER Brexit the EU can claim 'continuity of rights'. Anyone thinking CFP ends with Brexit if there's a transition are v misled.  
Prominent Remainers respond to Nigel Farage's call for a second referendum saying 'bring it on'  
London mayor @SadiqKhan accused of relaunching ‘Project Fear’ with taxpayer-funded #Brexit report  
Getting pretty sick of Brexiters like the Tories and Labour ruling out a second referendum. Much prefer these sensible Brexiters like oh holy shit it's Nigel Farage.  
I saw this and thought “Farage means a referendum on different Brexit deals”.But no. He says he’d contemplate a new in-out referendum, confident Leave would win it.If I were in his shoes I’d not be calling for a fresh vote. But hey, ho.  
Today’s @EveningStandard exclusive: Peter Stringfellow quits Tories over Brexit as @SadiqKhan warns of job threat & May unveils plastic ban as former aide denounced as “tone-deaf Rasputin” + @RuthDavidsonMSP writes powerfully on equal pay and 100 yrs of female suffrage 
Nigel Farage backs fresh Brexit referendum to 'kill off' issue  
Anti-Brexit Mayor asks "experts" who are openly opposed to #Brexit to "analyse" the effect of Brexit on the economy. You can only expect a hugely biased report. And that's what the Mayor got. A tremendous waste of public money, a diversion from his lamentable record on crime. 
Be cautious with the way in which Brexiters will continue to use social media tricks and will influence the gullible with misinformation.We have to have our impact studies clearly in place before this happens.Third referendum has to be based on facts and reality. #FBPE 
So @Nigel_Farage is considering the possibility of #EUref2. Let‘s give him one now. If the UK held another referendum on EU membership, how would you vote? Please RT for large sample 
Peter, I can assure you that, as someone who is #FBPE I am also PRO #Corbyn, but simply cannot understand his stance on #Brexit. If he is playing a long game, fair enough, but right now time is running out to #StopBrexit & we need @UKLabour to show leadership. 
My favourite Buddhist fable is the one about the empty man called Nigel Farage who was so addicted to attention and conflict he wanted a new referendum even though he won the last one. 
Sadly, it seems the key criterion for a political promotion in Brexit Britain.  
Nigel’s meeting with Barnier must have been eye opening to say the least if he wants a second referendum 
Absolutely! #FinalSay to Confirm #Brexit or #StopBrexit 2018 but BINDING. UK's damaged. If it's Leave we leave if #Remain we Stay single issue same terms In or Out binary choice! Draw the line. Pay & Obey with No Say Bad. WTO worse. Actually agree with you Mr Farage let's do it. 
London mayor @SadiqKhan has released Brexit impact analysis that suggests 500,000 jobs are under threat  
The Trump supporter who helped orchestrate Brexit is now saying that the UK should have another vote on the matter.  
The UK has always had control of its borders.....it has more power than it chooses to exercise..... 
So Nigel Farage wants a referendum on Mrs May’s Brexit deal. I agree. Bring it on! 
MUST-WATCH: This morning, Nigel Farage admitted that the Brexit debate is not over. It's not the first time he's said this.Please RT so everybody knows that Brexit is reversible if the British people change their minds.  
Nigel Farage calls for a second referendum. Brenda from Bristol responds:  
Nigel Farage is trolling Remainers. He knows full well there won't be another referendum.  
I think most people have given up on the Tories. They are seen as immovable on EU. The reason for the focus on Corbyn is because Labour is seen as 'remain' but he and his team are forcing them to brexit. Characterising #fbpe as anti labour is laughable tbh. 
2018 is the year "Brexit will hit the fan" (sorry). The only thing Farage and I would ever agree on is that this issue is not settled. Brexit is not inevitable!  
So let’s say the UK has a second referendum and now they want to go back in. Everyone in Europe will be so mad at everyone else it’ll be great. 
Beware the bear trap!Lord ashcroft polling was part of leave's testing various media. They clearly believe they can win right now and are worried they won't win later on. Cam analytica and the uk and foreign brexit bankrollers are not stupid or unprepared. 
Pound falls for the 4th day as Brexit divisions seem far from over  
Unfucknbelievable Theresa May just last April we will be scaling back on climate change and wildlife protection in pursuit of good Brexit trade deals.. how have journalists forgotten this.. the Tories or Theresa May aren’t environmentalists they are Fracking opportunists pic.twitter.com/ModpWgVpLy 
@Nigel_Farage has made a BIG mistake hereWe voted OUT and the Gov should stop faffing about and get us out without any divorce fee or a a transition periodAnother referendum would only delay things further.Looks like old Nigel has been turned.#VerySad@AMDWaters#ForBritain 
This is the most Brexity Brexit moment yet in the story of Brexit  
I've only agreed with Nigel Farage twice - once when he said a 52/48 vote in the referendum would be "unfinished business" and now when he says there should be a second referendum  
Nigel Farage has ACTUALLY lived up to something he said before the referendum.Remember when he said that if it was only 48-52, it would be unfinished business? 
It's not often I agree with Nigel Farage, but I'm glad he's coming round to the idea of a referendum on the deal. Makes sense for 16 years olds to be able to vote in it given that it's their future.  
Once we know ‘the deal’, I believe there should be a General Election NOT a referendum. We had the referendum. That result is clear. A General Election, in my opinion, is the only legitimate way of now asking: do you want this or not? 
BrexitBrexit 2Brexit With A VengeanceLive Free Or Hard BrexitA Good Day To Brexit Hard 
'Am I getting a second referendum?'  
At least Nigel Farage is being consistent. In May 2016 he said “in a 52-48 referendum this would be unfinished business by a long way” 
Nigel Farage wants a second referendum because he is scared. Brexit happens and it's chaos= his fault. That's his ONLY relevance. Brexit DOESN'T happen= back to being the underdog hero of the masses. And the MEP salary, natch#finalsay 
Translation: maybe we should have a second referendum to boost my media appearances because interest seems to be flagging. 
No, we're not joking - Nigel Farage says "maybe" we should have a second referendum on EU membership  
Almost 500,000 UK jobs could be under threat from a ‘no deal’ Hard Brexit. Ministers must turn negotiations around before it’s too late. #BrexitAnalysis  
Do here's the big one, the PM has said #Brexit will not mean a lowering of environmental standards. We will have a strong set of environmental principles and a new statutory body to hold Government to account and give it a voice. So it looks like we'll need an #EnvironmentAct  
Nigel Farage: ‘maybe’ we should hold second Brexit referendum  
Great to see Nigel Farage supporting our call to give voters the #finalsay on #Brexit   
Jeremy Corbyn is having to walk a tightrope over Brexit, especially given the fact that 70% of Labour's constituencies voted leave!He deserves our support. After all it's the Tories that are in charge of Brexit and it's them we should be focusing on. #RJCOB 
BREAKING: Nigel Farage on new referendum - The ex-Ukip leader said 'my mind is actually changing on this'  
I never thought that I would write this but....@Nigel_Farage is rightOnly a ungerrymandered, non-advisory #finalsay Referendum will shut us up!So @theresa_may your master has spoke ....... Make It So#fbpe 
No Nigel, we had the referendum, our job - and yours - is to ensure that is delivered. I'm sure there are some Brexit MEPs who would like to stay on the gravy train.  
Nigel Farage just said he is starting to think we should have a second EU referendum. Given the shambles of the last 18 months, there is only one way that referendum is going! 
Who called it “Nigel Farage changing his mind on a second Brexit referendum” not “doing an EU-turn”? 
No, no, no! By doing this we would be giving the anti-democratic remoaners such as Blair, Clegg, Adonis a moral victory. Rest assured they would never give up, even after 3,4,5 referenda. The Referendum WAS a once in a lifetime vote. For Brexit. We must not weaken!  
With Nigel Farage suggesting it may be time for a 2nd EU Ref, how would you vote if given more choice on #Brexit? 
Even Farage must think there is a problem if he is thinking about a 2nd referendum... he wouldn't do it otherwise 
Nigel Farage has changed his mind and says we should now have a second referendum on the entire Brexit vote.  
We voted to LEAVE the European Union. Now let’s get on with it. I will not support a call for a second referendum. #Brexit #BrexitMeansBrexit #LeaveMeansLeave @UKIP @UKIPWales 
The ambiguity cannot last – Labour must either back or block a Tory Brexit  via @labourlist 
Maybe, just maybe, we should have a second referendum on EU membership. It would kill off the issue for a generation once and for all.  
If @Nigel_Farage is calling for a second referendum, it is time for @jeremycorbyn and @theresa_may to say the same thing. UK is tearing itself apart on this issue. 
Evidence continues to mount regarding inevitable  #Brexit damage to the economy ....Brexit could see UK economy lose £54bn by 2030, Sadiq Khan's impact papers warn  
Brexit: Nigel Farage says “maybe there should be a second referendum on EU membership.”  The majority of the UK yells “bring it on!”  
Wow. Farage backs a second referendum  
Nigel Farage suggests a second EU Referendum to "kill off" the moaning Remainers. Someone, pls, find Brenda from Bristol now 
I'm delighted to join the @Independent as a weekly columnist, here's my first piece on what EU countries really think about Brexit.  
Lord Digby Jones advice to David Davis on #Brexit TalksStart with ‘No Deal’ & wait for Mr Barnier & #EU to come to Britain to try to secure a future trade agreement.“It's now for Michel Barnier to come to us & to say ‘what do you see a trade deal like’ 
Get a load of this remoaner calling for a second referendum. Holy shit, hang on a second. That’s Nigel Farage calling for a second referendum. Today. pic.twitter.com/kT6JqjCUUL 
Nigel Farage: Maybe there should be a second Brexit referendum  
The Economist “Intelligence Unit” admits it was too pessimistic about the prospects for the UK after the Brexit referendum. But blames business/consumers for failing to understand the full implications of leaving the EU. So companies kept on investing, people spending. 
FARAGE: “I think if we had a second referendum on EU membership we’d kill it off for a generation. “Percentage that would vote to Leave next time would be very much bigger than it was last time round and we may just finish the whole thing off.”  
Overwhelming Brexiter response to this:"I don't see how Sadiq Khan can comment on Brexit until he's single-handedly solved all knife crime" 
Labour is full of great MPs & Mayors like @SadiqKhan, who could really take the Tories to the cleaners over Brexit.  
I’ve released Brexit analysis that reveals the potential economic risks and impact on the lives and personal finances of everyone in the UK. The Govt must get a grip on negotiations and avoid the worst possible scenario – a ‘no deal’ Hard Brexit.  
Brussels warns UK companies of shutout in event of no-deal Brexit For an MEP this is like Groundhog Day. Never has the gap between UK fantasy and EU reality felt wider#StopBrexit via @financialtimes 
Donald Tusk warns Poland could hold a Brexit-style EU referendum 
Philip Hammond warns EU it must stop trying to 'punish' Britain for Brexit  
The beginning of the end of the impossible #Brexit... BREAKING NEWS: #Farage admits Unicorns may not exist. #FBPE #WeAreTheOppositionNow 
Nigel Farage: My mind is actually changing on this… Just maybe I’m reaching the point of thinking that we should have a second referendum on EU membership #wrightstuff 
By appointing Stella Fernandes, the Far Right ultra Hard Brexit nut job, May has chosen to undermine any chance the UK will be able to salvage a beneficial trade agreement out of the whole #Brexit debacle. Madness, utter madness. 
Khan's 'Independent' Brexit Study Written by Leave-Bashing Corbynistas  
Making all this noise while pushing ahead with fracking, banning onshore wind & giving tax breaks to oil & gas shows that the Tories don't 'get' the environmentAnd Brexit threatens all of this - and risks undermining years of cross-border work on environmental protection 
Halt Brexit, it's a disaster!  
WTAF Nigel Farage calls for a second #Brexit referendum.Bring it on.#FBPE #StopBrexit #StopBrexitSaveBritain #FinalSayForAll #StopBrexit2018 
BBC attitudinal political bias very obvious today. Weak Sadiq invited to proselytise against Brexit, not questioned on his stop & search screw up. Yet only the latter comes under his bailiwick. 
NEW - @Nigel_Farage has changed his mind and says “maybe” we now should have a second referendum on the entire Brexit vote 
The UK Parliament will now be debating leaving the EU immediately, on Monday 22nd January 2018- What would you like to happen? @LeaveEUOfficial @theresa_may @DavidDavisMP #brexitRETWEET & VOTE  #yourvoicematters 
Leading Brexiters hit the headlines yesterday for making a hamper for Michel Barnier. What we want to know is what items you'd include in a hamper to represent Brexit?  
The @MayorofLondon commissioned his own economic analysis of #Brexit after the government wouldn't. Turns out #BrexitReality will be costly, will lose jobs and damage Britain : 
What these assessments confirm is that none of the potential outcomes of #Brexit are as positive for the UK as the deal we currently have as a member of the EU.Only sane solution is an #ExitFromBrexit 
"This ridiculous stunt will demonstrate to everyone what a bunch of absolute idiots we are and the absence of any credible economic case for Brexit."  
"There is no such thing as a ‘green Brexit.’" The reality is Brexit will reduce the UK’s green leadership role and lead to a “tsunami of deregulation”.Ahead of May's speech, joint Open Britain statement by @CarolineLucas, @EdwardJDavey and @MaryCreaghMP. 
I see people going “it must be nice to only have to worry about Brexit, we have real problems to worry about!”Which is like being on the Titanic and getting angry at people pointing out the iceberg because you’re worried about your job when you get to New York. 
Labour outperformed expectations at the last election as it conned a lot of youngsters about its position on Brexit  
Sadiq Khan's 'independent' Brexit impact report was written by Cambridge Econometrics, run by Corbyn's economic guru Richard Murphy 
I’m still astounded at the number of people who think Brexit is inevitable. It most certainly is not. It can be stopped.  
Great to see manufacturing performance so strong - also that article doesn’t add ‘despite Brexit’! Let’s move on and seize the economic opportunities for our great United Kingdom: UK manufacturing output at its highest for 10 years - BBC News  
18/ What is clear is that if Brexit leads to a tea shortage there will be an unstoppable movement to reverse Brexit  
Sadiq Khan commissioned his own economic analysis of Brexit after the government wouldn't. He found something very troubling  
.@SadiqKhan has now done more to tackle a hard Tory Brexit in one day than @jeremycorbyn has in the last 567 days. 
The possible impact of Brexit on London, Mayor @SadiqKhan publishes a series of reports predicting what might happen.   
This is another crucial protection that Brexit strips away from UK business. Why does Brexit hate trade so much?  
Cost of no Brexit deal? 500,000 fewer British jobs, according to a new study  
So with a crisis in violent crime in London, @MayorofLondon produces this? An anti-Brexit ‘report’ to keep Project Fear going.This was the man who also claimed half a million London jobs depended on us being in the EU. Unbelievable ineptitude.  
A UK debate about how to get Brexit right is a nice way of passing the time until the EU works out the text the UK will have no choice but to sign 
Or: Let’s stop pretending that there is a way to “do Brexit right”. There isn’t.  
It's dawning on Digby Jones (#r4today this am) after meeting Michel Barnier that Brexit will hole UK financial services industry below waterline & associated loss of taxes will kill the NHS. His solution? Go to WTO rules. The idiocy of Brexiters is beyond belief. #FBPE 
And the risk to growth and employment by 2030 calculated in this new Brexit impact assessment from those five scenarios on customs union, single market, no transition.  
Don’t be CONNED by Remoaner, Sadiq Khan’s Brexit study predicting UK economy could lose £54bn by 2030 after Brexit. The “study” is based on the UK negotiating ZERO trade deals. COMPLETELY unrealistic! Another Labour CON ARTIST. 
Actually the impact is on the modest end of the assessments out there from before the referendum - more in line with IMF and Niesr than the Treasury (-7).. but shines a light on absence of such assessment from UK Government 
Drawing attention to Brexit hard truths. Doing the job of government & @UKLabour. #BrexitAnalysis Thank you @SadiqKhan. #FactsOverFiction 
If you think impact reports are a drain on taxpayers' money I've got some bad news about Brexit. 
Brexit will have an impact on the lives and personal finances of everyone in the UK. Londoners, and people across the UK, deserve to know what that impact will be. #BrexitAnalysis  
Brexit economic impact assessments on leaving the Single MArket and Customs Union just published - by @MayorofLondon ... for whole of UK, not just London: 
So our govt might not have bothered with Brexit #impactassessments, but @MayorofLondon has. The results are, unsurprisingly, not pretty. A #NoDeal Brexit could lead to a loss of half a million jobs, nearly £50bn in investment & a decade in slump.  
“Let’s take the £54bn we could have spent on the NHS and piss it away on Brexit instead” 
‘IF EU STOPS THE MONEY, WE’LL GET IT FROM CHINA’. What Viktor Orban told the Germans yesterday:  #Brexit  
Long term best case scenario for Brexit is change in the structure of the economy to make UK less dependent on finance. But even with rosiest spectacles you’re going to see the city losses first.  
The government might not have done any Brexit impact analyses, but Sadiq Khan has commissioned one: says no-deal Brexit could cost nearly 500,000 jobs & £50bn in investment by 2030  
Imagine if all the energy and money being ploughed into Brexit was being spent on funding and repairing the NHS. 
'Free movement must end after Brexit' Rees-Mogg dismisses EU citizens's rights claims  
Brexit: UK could lose half a million jobs with no deal, says Sadiq Khan  
Wonderful of #BBCR4today to give @SadiqKhan an opportunity to present his anti-Brexit views. It's a shame he wasn't quizzed on his criminal record by @BBCCarrie 
READ | The EU is trying to suck even more blood out of Britain.Brexit is causing a massive budget headache for Brussels. We should be twisting the knife, not giving into more cash demands. The PM needs to hold firm. 
Sadiq Khan commissioned his own economic analysis of Brexit after the government wouldn't. He found something very troubling  
It appears the government is at it again, keeping information from parliament on Brexit. Let's save them the energy: every Brexit scenario will damage Britain. Full membership and the campaign to #StopBrexit is the only good outcome. #RemainLabour 
About to go live on @bbcr4today on new independent analysis of the impact of Brexit on London and the UK. Almost 500,000 UK jobs could be under threat from a ‘no deal’ Hard Brexit. #BrexitAnalysis 
Weak Sadiq still engaged in Project Fear on Brexit. Should be concentrating on ending the rolling stab fest on London’s streets.  
REVEALED: 87,000 jobs under threat in London - and almost 500,000 across whole UK - if Theresa May walks away from EU without a deal - @sadiqkhan publishes Brexit impact reports  
Independent economic analysis commissioned by Mayor of London Sadiq Khan suggests £50bn of UK investment could be lost in a 'no deal' hard Brexit 
I’ve released Brexit analysis that reveals the potential economic risks and impact on the lives and personal finances of everyone in the UK. The Government must get a grip on negotiations and avoid the worst possible scenario – a ‘no deal’ Hard Brexit. 
Brexit could cause a £54bn hit to the economy by 2030, depending on the type of trade deal, impact assessments commissioned by Sadiq Khan show. 
Nobody can predict economics that far ahead it’s just anti Brexit rhetoric 
Sadiq Khan, the Mayor of London, has released an impact assessment that says Brexit could cost the UK £54bn by 2030.It should be remembered, though, that Khan is a fierce critic of Brexit and is campaigning for London to have a special deal. 
This is why we are going to get a hard Brexit.If Labour voters don't understand the significance of the economic hit that Brexit entails, they will continue to support JC off the cliff.  
Revealed: 87,000 jobs at risk in London in no-deal Brexit scenario  
Brexit could see UK economy lose £54bn by 2030, Sadiq Khan's impact papers warn  
Brexit caused 37 percent fall in new London financial jobs in December - report @theresa_may more good news  @UKIPNFKN @nickreeves9876 @BrexitBin @dontbrexitfixit @JamesMelville @JeanneBartram @Rachael_Swindon @albawhitewolf @kmqkatie @chunkymark @Mcr4EU 
UPDATE: On the back of a very dodgy poll and in the face of overwhelming support for the EU, Unionist Peterkin writes this mince. #ScotRef #Referendum2018 #Brexit   
In London today, Barnes to hear  @theresa_may launch of 25yr Environment Strategy, later with UK Brexit Farming Roundtable meeting RSPB and Greener UK. We need to work together so that Brexit delivers  great British food and a better environment  
Let’s stop debating leave or remain and think about how to do Brexit right - says @anandMenon1 Couldn't agree more. It's time to engage in earnest, because time is running out. 
We're joined by @SadiqKhan  at 0730. He's talking about Brexit impact assessments commissioned by his office. Claims the country could see almost 500,000 fewer jobs if hard Brexit and no transition deal 
"“We have reached peak Brexit. Self-important charlatans marching around Brussels with hampers of quintessentially British products, ..made by companies that have said they are deeply worried about the impact of Brexit" 
The Mayor of London Sadiq Khan is warning that almost half a million jobs are under threat from a "no deal" hard Brexit.- Sadiq Khan (0750)#r4today 
#ForBritain will ;-!) Slash foreign aid. Spend savings on needy in the UK2) Stop all immigration from Muslim countries3) Brexit now with no divorce fees and no transition period4) Ban ALL non-stun slaughter of animals.5) Stop ALL jihadis from returning to the UK.@AMDWaters 
Just imagine if the #Brexit far right agenda spread across Europe and the EU broke up and we went back to the bad old days of Europe. Competing, fractious nations with closed borders and closed minds. I don’t need to remind you what that led to. 
The Australian Monarchist League's @PBenwell: 'Why should taxpayers pay something like $500M for several votes and a referendum on a Republic when there's no real interest among the general public. There's no continuous push for it other than some politicians'  
one of the things no one talks about a lot when it comes to working online is that it's truly a daily referendum on your body. you learn to tune it out, but i am constantly amazed at the amount of pleasure people take in crowdsourcing things for you to feel bad about 
Brexit will make the poor poorer, will mean less money for the NHS and will only help the very rich tax avoiders 
David Davis & UK government admit they have NOT done any formal economic examination to say which industries are most vulnerable to Britain leaving the EU. By @Trade__Talks podcast (24 min)Ep 18: Brexit--Sectoral Analyses or Impact Assessments? 
I voted Remain but one of the arguments that most gets my goat against Brexit is the 'lies were told about the NHS' argument. How old is the electorate? Six? You have to trust people to exercise a degree of skepticism in democracy. MPs are hardly renowned for total honesty. 
rather than the problem itself. Across the atlantic, the same problem has produced Trump. We may stop Brexit, but without something to give people a stake in the economy and society, the problem will continue to fester and we'll get a bigger Brexit in a different form. 2/2 
“The EU wants to give Brexiters a taste of their own medicine — assuming that medicine will still be licensed here in the UK...”Damning editorial from @George_Osborne on the absurdity of Brexit.We need to #StopBrexit and #Remain in the EU. #FBPE. 
Corbyn is part of the Tory Brexit problem, not the solution. If you support his leadership you are completely complicit in Brexit.  
Brexit: May to meet UK financial services chiefs  
'Paddington 2' is a delightful, anti-Brexit adventure. @FilmSwoon reviews:  
Thread.1. Here is something that those who advocate leaving the EU with "no deal" should think about.David Davis sent a letter to the PM that was leaked to the FT recently. In the letter he says the EU is preparing for Brexit no deal and is "issuing warnings 
Aren't these reports what should have been delivered to the Brexit committee? This government should be in court by now for their lies and deceit 
My aim is to deliver Brexit so that the resulting impoverishment of the economy will give me cover for my inability to deliver my promises. Failing that I’ll just blame the #JewsErmZionists 
When Labour run the Welsh NHS, it's the Tories fault its not funded properly. When the #SNPBad run the Scottish NHS under the same devolution funding system it's all their fault according to Jeremy #Brexit Corbyn.  
Sorry chaps but this is the very last EU gravy train pulling out of London & heading for Brussels. There will never be another. No 2nd or 3rd referendum, no rejoining once all the old people are dead. You can either back Brexit or jump on the back with this fella. Adieu EU.   
Scotland prepares contingency Brexit laws in stand-off with London government  
UK financial sector employs 2.2 million people, is the country’s largest exporter and accounts for 12% of its tax revenues ... and Brexit will destroy it.  But that fact won't stop the useless, lazy leaders of its political parties playing their games.  
why make things worse with brexit then, self-harm, increasingly obvious even to those with the blinkers still on. 
David Davis bizarrely outraged that the EU is preparing for the no-deal Brexit that is his policy... Davis has been bluffing and they know it. But he has put jobs and public services at risk in the process. We need to #StopBrexit and #Remain. #FBPE. 
With ‘the repudiation of [its] Eurosceptic heritage, Labour has been left to confront the wreckage of Britain’s membership of the EU without any political language that it can claim as its own in the democratic political space that Brexit has opened’.  
Brexit boom: Britain boosted by growing global trade as exports hit record high  
A good thing I accidentally did was silently listen to a girl in Workmans smoking area talk at length about how she agreed w women having bodily autonomy but was gonna vote no in the referendum.I was understatedly v fucked & when she stopped talking I threw up a little bit at her 
My ENTIRE twitter feed today has been monopolised by arguments & trolling about the PESKY hashtag FBPE.ENOUGH already.IMO Energies are BEST directed to exposing  Tories & the CARNAGE they've created not ONLY with Brexit but ALSO with their Social policies ! 
Absolutely Nadeem! A Corbyn led labour Government will improve life vastly #ForTheMany & whatever form Brexit takes (which is still an unclear Tory mess) under a Labour Government we will have the best relationship with Europe & the priority will be unity not division #JC4PM 
'Free movement must end after Brexit' Rees-Mogg dismisses EU citizens's rights claims  
I disagree. Our main aim is to kick the Tories out of Government. Brexit or no Brexit the Tories have rigged our economy, forced people into poverty. Destroyed our NHS .  
I’d love to see every food bank closed, every child have a proper meal and every homeless person housed. But a desire is not a plan, and if Corbyn’s  plan is to push through a hard Brexit they’ll be more food banks, hungry children & homeless on the streets.  
Brexit does not make us free, it takes away our freedoms and our rights. Say no tobecoming a second class European #StopBrexit #FBPE 
US Senate highlights weakness of our elections system to Russian financial manipulation, points out Farage's flattery of Putin & identifies massive use of bots on Twitter & Facebook during Brexit voteAny competent UK Govt should be doing what Senate is! 
Brexit Dividends: London IPO Market, Amplitude Capital Staying, China & US Trade (video)  #Brexit #Germany #Trump #China #GlobalTrade #VC #startup #investor #investing #stocks 
Priceless. Dopy Brexiteers deliver Best of British hamper to EU containing two Anglo-Dutch products, gin whose maker’s sales slumped after Brexit vote, local cheese protected by EU rules and marmalade proudly bearing EU organic label! We’re better off in.  
Brexit Impact: London IPO Market Attractive & Amplitude Capital Staying  #Brexit #EU #US #China #trade #freeTrade #IPO #startups #investors 
Most foreign investment comes to Britain to access the Single Market. Take that away as Corbyn wants, how do we attract that investment? The Tories know the answer - low taxes on business and the rich, and a bonfire of regulations and workplace rights.#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit 
Brexit is now COSTING Britain £350m a week according to The London Economic and @FT... thoughts @BorisJohnson? 
There is a real danger that with the underhand fixing of our democracy that the Tories could remain in power for decades to come.It is more vital than ever that the LAB vote is not split. Splitting the vote will ensure a Tory hard Brexit. Only LAB can prevent that.  
Corbyn could do the right thing. He could fight to stop #Brexit and we Remainers could get back to the much more satisfying task of bashing Tories, kippers, racists, tax-dodging press barons etc.. #FBPE #PCPEU #StopBrexit 
"We can now take a leading role environmentally" says Stanley Johnson referring to post-#Brexit Britain. Since when did the EU put any barriers in the way of Britain doing that?!  #newsnight 
1. The Left no longer stands for the emancipation of workers. The left/right dispute (encompassing Brexit) is between those who want an all encompassing state to control people - and those who do not. 
‘We won’t pay any more!’ Austrian minister RAGES at EU as Brexit prompts budget DILEMMA  
Vermont is now set to become the first state in the country to approve the #recreational use of #marijuana by Legislature rather than through a citizen referendum.  #FeeltheBurn @SenSanders  
US Senate report reveals Russian bid to influence Brexit vote  
Sir, there is NO "corruption" charge on Catalonia's VP, but alleged "misappropriation of public funds" for the organization of the independence referendum. The shoddy term 'corruption' in your report has a misleading connotation for the uninformed international reader.  
My last comment on this subject. When every food bank has closed every child had a proper meal, every homeless person housed. Then come back to me on Brexit & single currency and we will have a debate. In the meantime let’s focus on kicking the greedy Tories out of Westminster. 
Now even the Express seems to be campaigning to #StopBrexit:'Brexit is a TRAGEDY' Brian May attacks Theresa May for 'dumbest thing Britain has EVER done'#FBPE. 
I wonder how many of these people on Twitter, angry at @jeremycorbyn, were on the street & knocking on doors persuading people to vote to remain in the EU? So many hypocrites. #Brexit belongs to the @Conservatives. It is their mess. .@jeremycorbyn will clean it up. 
Can't be any clearer than this, with Corbyn as your leader, @UKLabour is a Brexit Party. Thus rendering PCPEU # as meaningful as a tissue paper teapot. Brexit means Hard Brexit and Jeremy is going for it.  
Brexit petition calling for UK to quit EU IMMEDIATELY gets support for Commons debate  
.The REAL Brexit Agenda......#WeAreTheOppositionNow 
"Shops full of pies" is my new favourite ultra-remain insult directed at Brexit  
I officially joined the @LibDems today. I would suggest that anyone who cares about stopping Brexit does the same. #StopBrexit @WycombeLibDems  
Labour isn't  the "left vote" if it's supporting a fascist Brexit.  
It baffles me why #PCPEU people should be annoyed at Remainers attacking Corbyn. What are we supposed to do, relentlessly attack Tories and kippers and vote tactically for Labour while Corbyn shepherds through #Brexit?#FBPE #StopBrexit 
‘We won’t pay any more!’ Austrian minister RAGES at EU as Brexit prompts budget DILEMMA  
A failure to leave the Customs Union would destroy the Tories  #Brexit 
Just joined #Libdems having voted Tory in every election since 1973 until last election when I protest voted for Green Party. Can’t believe the current conduct of this govt nor this parliament in the face of overwhelming evidence against #Brexit.  So #StopBrexit 
#IranProtests Wed #Isfahan women hold signs for referendum. #Iran #تظاهرت_سراسری 
Hate to be the guy that explains jokes but the reason the folk responding to this implying the Lib Dems are the saviours of #Brexit are being funny is cause the Lib Dems literally propped up the govt. that made the EU Ref and Brexit happen  
Why is everyone fighting a general election now? Spending all your energies attacking Corbyn is a waste of time. He’s not going anywhere. Keep putting pressure on the #UKIPgovernment and exposing how unworkable undeliverable and undesirable Brexit is. They are the ones in charge 
I think we may finally be getting past the "despite Brexit" reflex.  
*Brexit Explained*  
Oh look here, in August 2008  David Cameron & Oleg Deripaska. Pretty big coincidences huh? Russia's Deripaska & China's Jack Ma, both having great times with David. Wonder how great were those times? Has Cameron adequately explained why he called the EU Referendum? Didn't have to  
BBC News - Study suggests Brexit pessimism increasing  
We agree, no better time to fulfil our guiding mission that 'The Party shall bring together members and supporters who share its values to develop policies'Brexit is the biggest issue facing the country in 50 years, it is vital the whole of our Party is consulted on Policy.  
Jeremy Corbyn could give us a real chance of stopping #Brexit, but instead he supports a hard Brexit outside the Single Market that will hurt the many, while refusing a democratic #FinalSay. Corbyn is the roadblock on the road out of #Brexit.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Someone put this on a bus. #Brexit  
Vermont legalizing marijuana via legislative action rather than referendum is a huge step. Collapse of prohibition continues apace.  
Repeal The 8th A date for a referendum to repeal the 8th must be made soon.#repealthe8th 
After government crackdown in Iran, some are trying other methods. Camerawoman: “This is Isfahan [city]. Some brave women have come here for [requesting] a referendum. We’ll stand against cruelty. This is so dangerous, so people are afraid to speak. They only look.”#IranProtests 
Accepting Brexit at any cost would be  the ultimate coup against democracy.When the promised “meaningful vote” comes around, No Brexit must be one of the options, says @eloisetoddRT if you agree there must be a No Brexit option.#StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
I think many can make a principled stance with EU, and that’s fine. I respectfully disagree that Brexit should be reversed but you’re entitled to your opinion.However saying ‘Labour would win if they reversed Brexit’ has no evidence to back it up. It would be a bad strategy. 
Marmite... seriously?! Have these Brexiteers paid any attention to the news?Proof as ever that the #EU does much to support and celebrate the national identities of its member states.Whilst #Brexit damages national industries and products.#StopBrexit 
Dear @PhilipHammondUK @DavidDavisMP Time and again you are told that the continued integrity of the EU is the overarching and unified position of the #EU27There is no punishment for Brexit, only cold reality. Please face it.#StopBrexit 
."The Brexit negotiations have taken a “unilateral hammer” to the principles enshrined in the Good Friday Agreement by generating fear & uncertainty.". 
Calls for Labour to rejoin EU would mean political annihilation.In elections, constituencies matter.70% of Labour seats voted leave, most seats that Labour need to win voted leave and just 229 seats voted remain.FYI, losing would allow Tories to pursue the harshest Brexit. 
‘We encountered a somewhat humbling view that political education in the UK is absent, sketchy, and overall inadequate to prepare citizens for major democratic choices like Brexit’  
In last few days the UK hasa) complained that the EU is planning for a no deal scenario which we threatenedb) tried and failed again to divide the EUWe can all agree that #Brexit is incredibly complexSurely we can also agree our negotiators are incredibly incompetent#FBPE 
Before the Brexit Referendum, David Davis campaigned on the basis of doing a deal with Germany because they sell so many cars to the UK.He didn't understand then, and evidently still doesn't, that Germany is in a thing called the EU and leaves all that sort of stuff to them.  
Everyone it seems has written or is writing a book about Brexit.I couldn't be arsed to, but I did collect this series into a 'moment' (whatever that is).  “Shock as foreigner confirms what they previously said was true is true” by @GuitarMoog 
Leeds City Council has tonight agreed to go ahead with a year of culture in 2023 despite being ruled out of European Capital of Culture competition because of brexit. More @BBCLookNorth 10.30pm 
"we see a PM who is indecisive, inept, powerless, displays persistent poor judgment, possesses flawed instincts, lacks campaign skills and is largely pointless beyond Brexit. She inspires at best sympathy, at worst ridicule .."A fair assessment of TM. 
IMF tells Brexiteers: The experts were right, Brexit is already badly damaging the UK's economy | The Independent  
I'm finding it ever harder to keep up campaigning against Tory #Brexit with the growing feeling that Corbyn and his cohorts are looming behind Remainers with knives in their hands ready to plant them in our backs.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
The task as far as Remainers are concerned is not to let the Tories self-destruct, which well they may, but to save Britain from breaking itself on the rocks of #Brexit. This is not the time for party political games.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Brexit is now costing Britain £350 million a week. Put that on a bus. 
Picture this. The year is approx 2050. Your grandchildren or great-grandchildren are at school learning about Brexit. Amongst the material in schoolbooks they’re looking at are these .....  
“Let’s walk away without a deal! Brexit now!”Yes! That sounds like a great idea! As does repeatedly slamming your own head in a car door! 
Russian bid to influence Brexit vote detailed in new US Senate report  
“If there was a second referendum now I’d be voting Leave because, apart from anything else, I’d be respecting the vote the first time around”  
The question is not whether #Brexit is a mistake-it is. The question is not whether we can resist it-we can. The question is why the quality of democracy in the UK is so low that we cannot resist democratically in a way that is valid and effective even if the majortity want to. 
I’m a cancer survivor. I was treated at this hospital last year. This is real; this is Brexit; this is terrifying.  
The Scottish Government has begun preparations to introduce an 'EU Continuity Bill' to prepare Scotland’s laws for Brexit after UK Government legislation was found “incompatible with the devolution settlement”.  
LABs six tests for Brexit. If they are not met LAB won't back Brexit. 
Seamus Jennings on Philip Hammond and David Davis going to Berlin for #brexit talks - political cartoon gallery in Putney  
Here is a short summary of all the tweets I have received from Brexiters since the referendum  
Brexit referendum wasn’t free, fair or democratic.A Russian bid to influence the Brexit vote has been detailed in a new US Senate report.150,000 Twitter accounts with various Russian ties disseminated messages about Brexit.Time to #StopBrexit. #FBPE.  
Im a patriotic Brit but the continual embarrassment that #brexit folk put us through is becoming physically painful. The below is just so tackily awful I imagine Barnier could barely keep a straight face. Excruciating  
Can't believe it's taken 18 months for it to dawn on Dimwit Davis that the EU would plan for a no deal #Brexit. And that no deal would screw up the UK economy and UK service industry. The UK has been prospering for 40 years because it is in the EU, you blithering idiot. 
Brexit petition calling for UK to quit EU IMMEDIATELY gets support for Commons debate  
Britain could leave the EU tomorrow if we wanted & we would thrive. The problem we have is an out of touch political class who never accepted the Brexit vote & have been working against the British people & British democracy ever since  
Corbyn is a wise man.  Wiser than even some Labour supporters give him credit for. Tricky times & a tricky path to walk but I have absolute faith that he'll continue to rally for the many not the few & not fall into the tory led trap of splitting the party by Brexit or Remain. 
Irrelevant. After Brexit there won’t be a penny to pay for any of it and all govt departments will be too mired in bureaucratic bullshit to work on anything else.  
In tomorrow's National ... @LesleyRiddoch on how MSPs of all parties are finally seeing the light on the dangers of Brexit for Scotland  
If you can't see all this noise about Labour supporters abandoning the party to stop Brexit is Tory driven, try harder.The more who desert Labour the harder Brexit we'll get. Wake up#JC4PM #PCPEU 
#Labour Brexiteer MPsDennis Skinner 85Kelvin Hopkins 76Frank Field 75Ronnie Campbell 74Roger Godsiff 71Kate Hoey 71Graham Stringer 67Gisela Stuart 62John Mann 58Average age 71#Legacy #Brexit 
"It is possible to both oppose Brexit and be critical of EU" - this kind of nuance is under attack from the binary-thinking tribalists who continually insist that refusing to agree with their extreme position makes you a believer in the opposite extreme position.  
My son joined the LibDems last year to oppose Brexit too. He was only 18. It was his first independent political decision. Whole family will vote for them. 
Brussels Eyes New Taxes To Cover €15bn Post-Brexit Shortfall – FT   
I act on what I see. There are countless anti Corbyn and LAB tweeters under #FBPE hash tag. Blairites, bots, Tories and Lib Dems in one foul rubbish dump. All there to divide and conquer and give us a hard Tory Brexit.  
He could stop Brexit. He chooses not to because he doesn’t want to.Labour doesn’t have dibs on the Moral High Ground just because Labour. It depends what you propose to DO. If you follow policies which will hurt the country as much as the Tories YOU’RE NO BETTER THAN THE TORIES.  
Stick your deal up your arses ... I've already left !#Brexit Brexiteers  
'They don't speak for Britain!' Lord Jones DESTROYS Tony Blair's anti-Brexit campaign   
Question for those who can stomach reading the right-wing press: They attack Corbyn for many things, but how much does he get attacked for the biggest flaw in his policies, namely his support for #Brexit?#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Apologies, my Twitter feed has gone ballistic and I can’t answer everyone. I am a remainer and a Corbynite. I’m greedy, I want both a Corbyn govt, and to remain in the EU. What I don’t want, is a Tory Govt and Hard Brexit. Corbyn comes first for me. 
Pretty much all of these items are in some way anti-Brexit   
Ah, the classic "Brexit isn't a bad idea, it's just being badly implemented" line. The fallback soundbite for those too prideful to admit to an error as well as a useful tool for the most cunning of cowards out there, desperately trying to outrun the blame before it's too late. pic.twitter.com/2d0quJlaiv 
1. I'll start by saying I'd vote for Corbyn tomorrow if he offered a Binding #FinalSay to Confirm #Brexit or #StopBrexit in 2018. This doesn't involve him taking sides, it does not thwart #Brexit it simply confirms the Will; he can #Remain neutral but he denies the Ppl a Rethink 
It takes two to tango over Brexit, Hammond tells EU  
I remember the early seventies.3 day working weekPower shortagesFood scarcityScavenging on the pit slag heaps at night for lumps of coal.I was 7 years oldThis is what I remember.I am left wingI believe remaining in the EU is our best option.#FBPE #StopBrexit #brexit 
"So any amendments to protect Scotland’s position in the Brexit bill will now only be debated in the House of Lords where, of course, there are no SNP representatives. Michelle Mone now has more influence than any of our MPs." @alanferrier 
Brian May calls #Brexit “the dumbest thing Britain has ever done in my lifetime”, "tragedy", a "disaster" that "destroys the work of a whole generation." Give the man a standing ovation! #BrianMay #Remain #FBPE @DrBrianMay 
Lord Adonis says he wants to 'sabotage Brexit'; Brendan O'Neill reminds him of some numbers: 
Why the hell should the EU need to give clarity?? We were the idiots who decided to go through with this farce, not them. #Brexit #Toxic 
What is important about this Tim Farron story is that he purposefully lied about his views to win more votes in the election. That really sums up the Liberal Democrats. Now they're the anti-Brexit party but they campaigned for the referendum. They're just not trustworthy.  
Even the PM’s most senior colleagues aren’t trusted enough to see the Treasury’s cost-benefit analysis of different Brexit scenarios. So how can they decide which trade deal to negotiate?  
Jacob Rees-Mogg: "The whole government machine ought to be directed towards the benefits of Brexit."  
I can, in some ways understand the Tory poisiton. Their voters overwhelmingly support Brexit. They're implementing the will of their voters. I struggle with Labour, whose voters overwhelmingly reject Brexit, yet don't seem to be representing their voters and members. 
Hammond is behaving like a child having a tantrum. No cherry picking means no cherry picking. EU was clear from day 1. It's embarrassing to see these two go to Brussels begging for favours. You wanted your Brexit? Own it now. Tell the country what an absolute disaster it'll be.  
If you don't like it LEAVE!Well, we DON'T like it, so we're LEAVING !EU Boss Guy Verhofstadt Bullies Poland & Hungary as EU cracks open up wider & wider from crisis to crisis...#Brexit #EU 
Vermont is now set to become the first state in the country to approve the recreational use of marijuana by an act of the Legislature rather than through a citizen referendum.  
Hard to be enthusiastic about making a trade deal with Brexit Britain, if you think, Brexit is a terrible idea and a huge waste of time. Almost everyone in EU27 + Brussels agrees on that. 
#bbcqt Bloody Gina Miller on again loves sound of her own voice. Loves lecturing everybody. Trying derail Brexit non stop. 17 million voted leave we’re leaving. Where’s top Brexiteers, FFS usual bores on !!!!!!  
Tbh it's possible that will be our future post Brexit.  
British companies are already executing their no-deal strategies for brexit. They have to - their boards have legal obligations to their shareholders.  
Barnier DEMANDS EU controls UK fishing waters after #BrexitEU to “cooperate” with UK on EU Common Fisheries Policy which gives EU fishing fleets access to UK fishing waters.EU-imposed quotas that result in British fishermen discarding dead fish.#EU 
In May 2016, David Cameron said at PMQs that voting fot Brexit would "obliterate" Britain's manufacturing industry.Today.  
If anyone else out there Respects Corbyn on Brexit #RCOB - please follow me and I'll follow you back.  
‘Labour isn’t Brexit’ - historically Labour has had mixed views on Europe.Clement Attlee, Barbara Castle, Tony Benn, Hugh Gaitskell, Peter Shore, to name a few - all huge figures in Labour - were Eurosceptics.Also, most voters want to get on with Brexit, not reverse it.  
We are in the middle of an extreme right wing coup.Accepting Brexit at any cost would be the ultimate coup against democracy #StopBrexit2018 #FBPE #Brexit #stopbrexit 
“Drilling in Yasuni directly contradicts Moreno’s UN pledge and the expanded protections proposed in the referendum,” said @Carlos_San11, Ecuador field coordinator w/ @AmazonWatch.Reporting by @jonathanwatts in @guardian#EndAmazonCrude #DefendTheAmazon 
"Catalan parties to seek return of Puigdemont as president" @guardian Pro-independence parties agree deal to try to re-elect ousted leader, who fled to Belgium after referendum row. 
Tory MP Oliver Letwin is going to be paid 30k a year on top of his MP's salary to work for the Legatum institute, who are Twitter's favourite Brexit think tank.  
Note for Unionists calling for direct Tory rule.The deal with the Tories will end. The perpetual unionist majority is gone.The legacy will be #Brexit, untold damage to the economy, rights and agreements.Deal now or later? 
Chancellor @PhilipHammondUK tells German audience that “it takes two to tango” “in London, many feel that we have little, if any, signal of what future relationship the EU27 would like to have with a post-Brexit Britain” 
So far EU leaders have struggled to take the UK's calamitous approach to Brexit seriously. It's hard to believe that someone sat down and thought, "You know what'll make them take us seriously? A basket of cheddar cheese."  
The #EU is to plug the #Brexit hole in the finances from taxing plastic and taking the proceeds from the emissions trading system - won't be popular  
"Brexit bill breaches environmental law"A look behind the headline: 
Any body else think Branson is a Big Hypocrite? Avoids paying Uk tax, banks in Switzerland! Yet wants to stop Brexit! Boycott Virgin!  
The Government is the author of the approach involving the Citizen’s Assembly and the Oireachtas Committee. It is now effectively bound to put that proposal to the people in a referendum. #repealthe8th 
Great to see that 4 brexiteers delivered produce to Michel Barnier which are protected by EU regulations that will be lost due to #brexit...  
I'm not a Liberal Democrat, but I have to laugh at the narrative.The Lib Dems: One term in coalition, broke some promises: we can't trust them!Labour: Launched the Iraq War, broke promises in several majority terms, duplicitous Brexit position: trust the hell out of them! 
When economies shrink then so does public spending. Manufacturing and industry align their cost bases. The tax take reducesUnemployment risesThe working classes are hit the hardest.I am not anti labourI am pro the working classI am a remainer #FBPE #StopBrexit #brexit 
Former leader of Camden Conservatives joins Lib Dems, cites Brexit  
The bombshell Senate Report explicitly points out the Russian interest in #Brexit and Putin's penetration of UK parties, think tanks and banking @lukeharding1968 @carolecadwalla @profcarroll @RVAwonk @justinhendrix 
EU to consider plastic tax to plug gap in post-Brexit budget  
Brexit challenge:You can never find a Brexiteer to reference a particular law or regulation that has a negative impact on them. Invent a regulation, complain about it and how devastating it is and see how much outrage you can generate.It's very hard to think one up.#FBPE 
A lot of supposed Labour supporters are tweeting about #fbpe being a Tory/LD plot against labour.A clear attempt by pro brexit to shut down #remain and avoid all challenges to Labour leadership position. Sad to see such contempt for the clear wishes of Labour's voters. 
The evolving situation of data transfers and their legality post #Brexit in a handmade infographic. Quite a few question marks I'm afraid. One to keep an eye on.  
For God's Sake - Corbyn is making us choose between @UKLabour and Brexit. It is impossible to be Pro-Corbyn and Pro-EU  
Still astounded how many from the Leave camp say they voted #Brexit for the sole reason that the UK has no immigration controls and let's anybody in. The UK is an island and isn't in Schengen. 
The erosion of our #NHS is here right now & will only get worse. 300 GPs have been contacted by a private care service, for those who can afford to avoid  #NHSCrisis waiting lists. The vultures are circling & can't wait for #Brexit, when it will be survival of the richest. #FBPE 
Many Remainers want to support Labour. Corbyn's support for Tory hard #Brexit (for that is what quitting the Single Market means) is making them politically homeless. Give them their home back @UKLabour - Dump or sideline Corbyn!#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Barnier demands EU controls UK fishing after Brexit as he issues Phase 2 red lines. OUR Waters our decision, not EU!  
ECJ jurisdiction and the UK after Brexit.My briefing for @Europarl_EN -  
How to join the Liberal Democrats - and help the fight against Brexit  
I do need someone in the party to address my concerns. 46 years a Labour voter, for the first time ever I don't know if I'll be able to do so next time. I cannot understand the stance on #Brexit . Over 70 yrs without war in W.Europe. Is that not a good thing? 
Brexit might force me to relocate 
Here is Charles, he voted leave at #EUref to give Cameron a bloody nose as he thought Remain would win anyway. He considers this was reckless but wants a #finalsay referendum to make amends! @charlesdar so many #remainernow like you! Welcome to the #stopbrexit fight! #FBPE 
.@Alison_McGovern - Ministers risking automotive car crash as they ignore impact of Brexit on the sector  
THERE IS MORE THAT UNITES US:NONE of us (LB members, SNP, GREENS, LDs) want actions that will make the poor poorer and reduce the opportunities for the younger generations.ALL of us want NHS/ Public services well-fundedBrexit WILL make the poor poorer & self harm the rest. 
.@PhilipHammondUK and @DavidDavisMP are in Germany tonight and tomorrow, continuing their work to ensure we get the best Brexit deal for the UK:  
Congratulations to @GutoAberconwy as new Minister for Defence Procurement.Important that Govt thwarts the EU’s attempts to submit the UK to European Defence Fund and EDIDP post-Brexit as these both mean parts of defence decision-making are lost to ‘EU Council-plus’.  
I doubt it. This is the paradox of Brexit.Nobody capable of delivering it wants to touch it.Nobody who wants Brexit is capable of delivering it. 
Absolutely right for NAO to investigate the reasonableness of the Brexit divorce bill. Didn't hear many Leave campaigners during the referendum mentioning a £39 billion divorce bill for a much worse relationship with the EU than we have now.  
It is right to investigate the cost of the Brexit divorce bill - this economic cost of Brexit will be huge and is just the tip of the iceberg.  
Eurosceptic @SuellaFernandes appointed to Brexit department  
Marmite was discovered by a German, takes its name from a French cooking vessel & is manufactured by an Anglo-Dutch company which has explicitly warned that Brexit will entail food price rises. It’s certainly a symbol of something. 
BArnier appreciated the Brexit hamper, his adviser tells us that the cheese had EU origin protection mark, marmalade the EU organic mark  
Do the EU want to punish the UK for leaving? Here is what they really think of Brexit.  
With what shall we replace it?Dear Jeremy @jeremycorbyn Dear Jeremy With what shall we replace it?Dear Jeremy with what?With your Brexit Jeremy?Dear JeremyDear JeremyWith your Brexit Jeremy?Dear JeremyI think not!YOU are keeping them in officeThink again!No Brexit.  
Steven Woolfe, an independent Member of European Parliament, says a "restrictive" Brexit trade agreement on services would damage both the EU and the U.K   
#FBPE is no longer a credible movement.  It is hijacked by  an anti-Corbyn agenda.  Unless the focus moves onto the real issue - a failing Conservative government - we will end up with a real nightmare - a hard right Tory government with a hard Brexit for the benefit of the elite  
Scottish National Party - barred serving soldiers from voting in Independence Referendum but plans to give newly arrived migrants the vote. Retweet to help spread awareness of this OUTRAGE! #SNP #GreatReplacement #cucked 
EU Prez Juncker: Brexit Will Happen, No Second Referendum - Breitbart  
An important but overlooked angle on Brexit: when Britain leaves the EU, its (imperfect) multicultural model of citizenship goes too  
Plaid Cymru Westminster Leader @LSRPlaid attended a cross-party summit with respective leaders from @theSNP, @TheGreenParty & @LibDems to oppose Tory plans for a hard Brexit. @jeremycorbyn declined to take part. @UKLabour members should ask him why. 
"O gaze at these symbols of power!With marmite we make our foes cower!We can do you some ginOr a pie in a tin?"Brexit Britain's an absolute shower  
Brian May has launched a blistering attack on Theresa May and Brexit  
The Prime Minister is asked to rate her Brexit strategy on a scale of one to ten by the SNP's @PeteWishart, "with ten being all going perfectly and one being chaotic cluelessness". 
It’s worth noting that Hendricks owner (William Grant & Son) have their international marketing arm in... Dublin... and PG Tips / Marmite are owned by an Anglo-Dutch company (Unilever) who have warned of the negative effect of Brexit. Not sure about Winston or William.  
1. My feeling is that the vast majority Labour voters are so divided, confused and or angry over the party's Brexit stance that Labour's chances of winning a GE will be seriously damaged. This is a very serious situation and needs to be addressed urgently. 
He's admitted he thinks gay sex is a sin. He's admitted he did Brexit. Will somebody in British journalism please for the love of God ask Tim Farron whether he thinks the chemicals in the water are turning the frogs gay. 
PICTURED: Proud patriots deliver Brexit hamper to @MichelBarnier to illustrate the power of British brands and our strong negotiating hand in trade deals. 
Want to see a huge generational divide? Clear majority of population under age 50 think the Brexit vote was wrong, clear majority of those over 50 say it was right. Dec 2017 data from YouGov:  
It’s been a long Brexit journey for Marmite - threatened with boycotts 15 months ago after Unilever put up price following the post referendum sterling slump, now a symbol of Brexit Britain ceremonially presented to Barnier...  
Brexit process is highly educational. Brits will understand EU far better once we have left it, than we ever did as members. Expensive lesson, though 
I voted hoping the party would oppose Brexit or give us a vote on final outcome. I am a Labour Party member, but am considering voting Lib Dem or Green in local elections. 
Spelling mistake, all in capital letters. It certainly represents the spirit of Brexit. 
Every voter in Scotland needs to understand this.The House of Lords: an unelected 800+ Buncha Tory/Labour Lords & Ladies will determine #Brexit terms for Scotland. They will dictate our terms!#indyref2 September 2018 please. 
 @Feorlean & @JoeFitzSNP write to Presiding Officer announcing intention to introduce a Scottish EU Bill if Withdrawal Bill continues to be incompatible with the devolution settlement. #Brexit  
Do you mean 'British', Guido ? p.s. British firms are EU firms. Plus, if you check, you'll find big ones like Freshfieds, HSF, Baker McKenzie etc all have offices across the Continent and are universally concerned about the impact of Brexit on the UK legal services business.  
Should the public get a vote on the Brexit deal? 
Expert analysis says - by some distance - Aberdeen is UK city most exposed to Brexit. No prizes for guessing where Mr Thomson represents...  
The same here. Anyone who is wanting to rerun the Labour leadership contest is doing the work of the #Tories. I'm very pro-remain, but #Brexit is just ONE of the issues that needs focusing on. Our #NHS, the genocidal #DWP, Housing, education, pay etc. 
PG Tips & Marmite are made by Unilever, perhaps the most EU-ish company you can imagine, with joint HQs in London & Rotterdam. They're not at all keen on Brexit.  
Pro-Brexit campaigners present a basket of British goods to Michel Barnier. PG Tips and Marmite are made by anti-Brexit Anglo-Dutch company Unilever, Hendrick's is produced by a business that's concerned about Brexit hitting sales... it's not hard to check is it.  
The public absolutely have the right to reject a Brexit deal if they don't like it... and the grassroots forces have been gathering & surging already: 
"Brexit - every little hurts" #tesco #FBPE spotted at a Tesco as it happens. #Remain 
Scottish Brexit minister Mike Russell has written to Holyrood's Presiding Officer to say a Scottish version of the EU Withdrawal Bill likely to be tabled next month. Would be needed if Holyrood doesn't give consent to the Westminster legislation 
"Take her to the Tower of London officers, Sir Nigel Farage is Prime Minister now!" Oh how I'd love to see this. Granite Brexit needed.  
Labour outperformed expectations to such a degree at the last election because lots of people, especially young people, voted for us expecting us to oppose a hard #Brexit. We cannot let them down.  
UK Gov have lied to Scotland at every juncture of the Brexit process. They said no Article 50 without consent, Extra powers for Holyrood and cross party amendments to made in the Commons.....All total rubbish & utter contempt toward Scotland, a nation without a voice 
#Brexit in one picture:  
Germany will demand that the U.K. pay for the privilege of its banks having EU access after Brexit  
The #Brexit hamper has arrived for @MichelBarnier courtesy of @Steven_Woolfe and others 
#Germany will remain focused on preserving a united stance between the EU's 27 members in talks with London on #Brexit, says gov spokesman @RegSprecher. The comment came after British ministers made a direct appeal to Berlin to cut it a good deal. 
Friends! Summary:1. Britain has never been a small, dull, grey island, until now.2. It had some great writers, e.g. Shakespeare, Austen, Dickens, Orwell, and me.3. But, due to Brexit, I'm not allowed to write for newspapers any more.4. Talk about racism!5. That's all, folks!  
We are calendrically closer to Brexit than 1 year ago but it now looks further away than at any stage since the referendumThe folly is laid bareThe lies are exposed‘The will of the people’ is now on our side, as every new poll makes clearBy @MitchBenn 
The decades-long overvaluation of the pound priced us out of the international marketplace, eroded our manufacturing base and destroyed thousands of jobs.Brexit has made the pound more competitive. We need a government committed to keeping it that way. 
Are the @FibDem's opposing #Brexit the same way they opposed Student Tuition Fee rises? Or the same way they opposed #Austerity ? 
Brexit allows us to TAKE BACK CONTROL of our fishing waters - giving British fishing communities the chance to rebuild! 
Andrea Leadsom on Brexit and the city: “People get hung up on the regulations side… It will be easy for the EU and the UK to agree to continue to do things with zero tariffs and zero non-tariff barriers.” 
Will you #FBPE people be happy when at the next election, potentially this year, you don't vote Labour, the Conservatives maintain power and push for a no-deal brexit? Your position lacks even the most basic logic 
David Davis’s petulant leaked letter is the latest slice of Brexit cakeism | Jonathan Lis  
Watching a BBC report on the optimism around luxury boat sales in the U.K. going up by 3.7% because of Brexit. A workshop for the rich, by the rich, of the rich. A shitty Dubai if you will. 
The amount of young people under 35 working in UK farming is less than 6%. Post-Brexit, we need to ensure young entrant farmers are supported to make a start and earn a dignified living from agriculture. Please support our campaign #morefarmersbetterfood 
I see a lot of the #FBPE tweeps using this article to claim @jeremycorbyn wants a hard brexit. It's not true and not compatible with @UKLabour policy, so please stop spreading #FakeNews 
No go areas for English speakers in Cardiff westBardic gangs roam the streets looking for young people to groom for the eisteddfod.Community support officers too scared to go there.This is why people voted brexit.  
This year, the Government will set out its plans for our post #Brexit immigration system. This could be our chance to end indefinite immigration detention for good. Sign & RT the petition to back the campaign #Time4aTimeLimit  
"Nobody ever said there was going to be a Brexit minister for no-deal" @andrealeadsom tells @afneil "Rather a lot of your Brexiteer colleagues were absolutely expecting that there would be a minister for no-deal who would be allowed to attend Cabinet" @bbclaurak #bbcdp 
Heard yer da’s put #FBPE in his Twitter name and now can’t stop replying to every tweet in his timeline with “what about Brexit”. Real shame 
What happened to an extra Brexit minister being allowed to attend Cabinet? Brexiteers v cross that it didn't happen in reshuffle - but No 10 says now @DExEUgov ministers, like Steve Baker, who has responsiblity for implementation COULD be invited to Cabinet on relevant occasions 
Interestingly, of the replies to my brexit tweet, the ones most pro #fbpe are the most viscerally anti-Corbyn. No coincidence. They just prove my point that #FBPE is merely the latest anti-Corbyn Trojan Horse. 
Lord Adonis says he wants to 'sabotage' Brexit. Baroness King is 'scrutinising' the electorate's 'misled' decision. Heseltine, Mandelson and Wheatcroft all want to slow or slay our vote. The Lords is a menace to democracy, says Brendan O'Neill. 
UK, ORB poll:"Having greater control over immigration is more important than having access to free trade with the EU"Agree: 44% (-2)Disagree: 47% (+9)#Brexit #BrexitDeal 
1) Something needs to be made clearAnti brexiters will challenge anyone who supports a hard #BrexitCorbyn is just one supporter amongst manyWhen Davis says something pro Brexit, we challenge itWhen Corbyn says the same, we challenge itThat's it, there's no anti Corbyn agenda 
"Shops full of pies" await Britain after Brexit. (Me for Reaction @reactionlife) 
I appreciate your frustration. I am a remainer too but I think the common wisdom would be to get rid of this God-awful Tory govt that got us in this mess to begin with. Put Corbyn in number 10 and then we'll get to Brexit 
If anyone is still under the impression that Labour will stop Brexit or pursue a less damaging Brexit, now is the time to wake up. Only the Lib Dems are standing up for our place in Europe and offering you the final say on our country's future.  
Serious gaps in the planningA figure buried in a government report points to a potential Brexit catastrophe 
Asked the PM to rank herself between 1 and 10 on how her Brexit is doing. She couldn’t even give a number. I gave her ‘nul points’. #PMQS 
"On a scale between 1-10 how does the prime minister think her #Brexit is going?" - SNP MP @PeteWishart asks @theresa_may #PMQs 
David Mundell is "guilty of selling out Scotland" as MPs are denied scrutiny of devolved powers in the Brexit Bill, says the SNP's Europe spokesperson @StephenGethins 
Garbage. The Labour leadership will not be changing any time soon. What you and your ilk are encouraging are attacks on Labour which will result in a Tory hard Brexit. You’re harming your cause, not aiding it. 
Getting the best Brexit deal for our country will mean we can build a better future for ordinary people by getting control of our laws, money and borders. Here's what the first stage of negotiations secured. #PMQs 
#Brexit is set to strip £72bn from GDP, meaning over £20bn lost from tax revenues by 2021:This, when the #NHS is already expected to be underfunded by £20bn a year by 2021: We cld give the £20bn to the NHS if we #StopBrexit 
Pete Wishart asks what marks out of 10 the PM would give herself over Brexit negotiations, then is slapped down by Speaker for holding up ‘Nul Points’ sign. #pmqs 
As they arrive in Germany for Brexit talks, David Davis and Philip Hammond are confident that at least three wishes will be granted.  
The SNP’s Pete Wishart holds up a “NUL POINTS” sign in the commons after asking the PM what she’d give herself out of 10 on her Brexit plan. #pmqs 
Theresa May struggling to explain why her Government has failed to table amendments to the #Brexit Bill  and stop a power grab of Scotland's powers. Weak & Shoogly #Tories #voteSNP 
Corbyn is helping the Tories with Brexit. Labour is not Brexit: Corbyn is. Labour could stop Brexit. If it did, there would be a Labour government and Labour policies with resources to implement them. After a Brexit there won't be. Corbyn must change or go.  
It is becoming increasingly clear that only UKIP can provide the ‘type’ of Brexit that the British people voted for. We need to finish the revolution.  
Undi rosak is similar like not voting at all. Look at Brexit and 2016 US Presidential Election please before you made this kind of comment. 
#fbpe is probably unwittingly, the most sophisticated Tory anti-Corbyn strategy yet. The Tories raise public hysteria with their catastrophic mishandling of Brexit, and where does #fbpe aim its frustration? At Corbyn. Genius, if it was on purpose. 
#Labour is right to focus on  the #NHS.So what's the plan when bits of it have to be flogged off to pay for #Brexit and its aftermath ?Because there will be an aftermath: (bigger civil service; increased regional funding to make up for EU shortfall; increased border ETC.)#PMQs 
Labour's @frankfieldteam attacks the opposition's plan to derail the Brexit Trade Bill  
Petition: Parliament's vote on the Brexit deal must include an option to remain in the EU.  #StopBrexitSaveOurNHS #WeAreTheOppositionNow 
Some stats for the #FBPE brigade. It would be political suicide to ignore the referendum result. Only 14% think we should remain in EU and ignore result.Most people accept the result and realise this is a Tory Brexit NOT LABs.  
On her first ever visit to this part of Ireland, K. Bradley says that "everybody" here wants government "in the interests of the whole United Kingdom". Interesting, re: Irish citizens, GFA, Brexit result here. Isn't this job a colonial hangover?  
Go on, BBC.... go on.... you know you want to say it.... go on....‘Despite Brexit’There. I said it for you. 
I can't imagine that Maggie would have called in a Cabinet minister to move himAnd he walks out,still with his old job and with enhanced responsibility.Mrs May is weak.That is why EU is getting everything they want from #Brexit 
In case you missed it: First Minister @NicolaSturgeon MSP on trying to remain in the single market and protect Scotland's interests after #Brexit  
Local Labour councillor using Alt_Right terminology and happy to trade in progressive voters for UKIP voters. @UKLabour what a sad little party you have become over Brexit.  
How's Brexit going? Well, David Davis is complaining our rights as an EU member state are being breached. I KNOW. 
I thought @theresa_may's new Cabinet was supposed to reflect the country  well the majority of this country backed #Brexit and these new appointments are mostly Remainers!  
Giving a Frenchman English wine to show our strengths is so fucking Brexit.  
565 days since the referendum. Davis is in Germany again, blaming the EU for the consequences of his and the PM's ridiculous red lines. Still no sign of the "deal" that he told us he would strike "immediately"...  
Here's the new Brexit minister, Suella Fernandes, saying there would be no divorce bill after Brexit. Shows how clueless she is. Shockingly bad decision by Theresa May to put her in this position.  
You represent an overwhelming #remain area. Your party overwhelmingly wants to #remain. You are the dinosaur, along with. @jeremycorbyn, still insisting that brexit is the will of the people. It’s 2018. Time to #StopBrexit 
Hammond & Davis in Berlin.German Business has lined up behind Merkel.... there will be no cherry picking for Britain... if it wants any access to the single market it will have to abide by the principle of freedom of movement.#Brexit #StopBrexit #FBPE 
The government’s Brexit strategy.  
The new Brexit minister, Suella Fernandes, has openly said that “no deal” would be "great" for the UK and it’s “something we will capitalise on”. Complete and utter madness. 
So now Davis and Hammond are saying that Brexit will tank not only the UK economy but the global economy.  
Philip Hammond and David Davis warn of a global crash if financial services are excluded from final Brexit trade deal  
By joining a pro EU party you at the very least send a message to the others that you support their stand on brexit, if every one of us does this, then supports them in the locals and in the event of a GE WE can make a difference!  
Scotland's #Brexit minister has said it is “unacceptable” that the UK Government does not plan to amend key Brexit legislation when it comes before parliament next week. 
Now we have this level of ‘passion’ for the EU from Corbyn - which, it should be added, was in the middle of the referendum campaign. “I’m not a huge fan of the EU.... I’ll give it seven, seven and half, maybe seven (out of ten).”Oh, for a real pro-EU leader!  
“For those of us in parliament, we have a clear duty to get the best for our country. And for those of us who are Labour, this means taking every step to stop this damaging Tory Brexit that is making people poorer.” EXACTLY! #StopBrexit2018 @Labour4EU 
ALERT #Burundi—Nkurunziza regime is forcing soldiers in peacekeeping missions to pay 500USD for the illegal referendum. This is a violation of the MoU signed with the @_AfricanUnion and @eu_eeas.Cc @EUtoAU 
UK GDP grew 2.5% in 2017 vs OECD forecast of 1.6% - fancy that. #Brexit 
Brussels admits bad #Brexit deal would hurt the EU, leaked report reveals  
Such is Brussels contempt for our Brexit vote they have issued guidance to British business stating UK will  become a “third country” after 2019, with no reference to a future trade deal, this is a breach of the Lisbon Treaty. 
All arguments about voters needing to support JC’s Labour fundamentally miss the point that there is no GE on the cards.All focus of #fbpe should be on encouraging Labour to change their mind on Brexit via LE2018. This has absolutely zero effect on what you would do at a GE. 
Even David the Twat Davis and Philip Hammond are warning of financial catastrophe if there's a hard Brexit. You blue passport, flag-waving royalty-worshippers still up for jumping off the cliff into the abyss? You first then... On ye go. 
Brexit Sec David Davis attacks Brussels threat to punish British business ahead of trade talks, raised concerns with PM that EU are planning for a “no deal” or at best giving us a worse deal than remaining 27, must walk away now. 
Has Brussels finally woken up to the risk Brexit poses to THEM? 
Brexit seems to be like Hitler hiding in his bunker at the end of WW2, everyone realising all is lost but a few diehards on hand to keep feeding the illusion.#BrexitIsBarmy#ExitFromBrexit 
On the BBC news programmes reporters are constantly on the hunt for negative stories that they can associate to Brexit.Then, whenever anything positive happens, we are told it was “despite Brexit”.  The BBC continue to demonise anyone with concerns with immigration or Islam. pic.twitter.com/czlKFk5xGs 
Brexit Minister @SuellaFernandes. Didn’t need Labour to unlock her potential.  @Conservatives 
A "bad Brexit" could hurt the British economy for more than a decade  
#LBC Anyone listening James the plank O’ Brien worst  radio presenter ever !!!! Same rubbish talks everyday. Brexit bashing, Donald Trump bashing, Daily Mail bashing.  Does anyone listen to this idiot anymore.     
“Brexit supporters will present the EU's chief negotiator with a hamper of English sparkling wine, cheddar cheese and Shakespeare plays at a meeting in Brussels today, as they warn him against under-estimating Britain's global influence”English wine = 0.0013% UK wine consumption  
No, Germany has no “hostility” towards Britain. Its government simply insists on no cherry-picking for #Brexit, and so does the rest of the #EU.  via @telegraphnews #in 
Prof Whitman confirms UK Govt didnt push for preservation of any UK geographical indicators in #CETA deal so products like Scotch Beef, Lamb, Stornaway Black Pudding unprotected. Need to consult with @scotgov to avoid such wilful neglect in future #Brexit  
Brexit troll:In the unlikely event that a Brexiteer says something rude or lord forbid trolls you, just tell them how much you admire Macron and let them simmer for 20 minutes. Then mention Merkel and bring them to the boil. Simmer for another 20 mins and then block.#FBPE 
I am continually impressed by the excellent output from @faisalislam across the board the most knowledgeable Brexit journalist I have come across.  
The EU is warning UK companies that they could be shut out of the Single Market is there is a no-deal brexit. Is this:1. Self-evidently true;2. Project Fear; or3. The EU picking on us?  
So if you’re a labour voter who wants to remain in the EU, you’re a “liberal snowflake?”This is from a Labour councillor.  He’s prioritising the nationalism of Brexit & UKIP voters to achieve socialism. Err...put that together & thats National Socialism isn’t it?  
What has really undermined the Prime Minister in the Brexit negotiations? Here's what EU diplomats have been telling me:  
If wanting @UKLabour to wake up, smell the coffee and actually oppose Brexit counts as attacking them then I am going to keep right on. 
Labour Remainers must recognise by now that winning the argument slowly on Brexit is the same as losing. 
Unfortunately this is the softest Brexit we can hope for. In this Brexit we remained in the single market. 
Am I missing the point here. It was tactical voting that gave you your current position but it was not a vote for you.  It was against the Tories and Brexit  Beware the tide is turning against you. 
Davis & Hammond make plea to Germany in pursuit of #Brexit deal to avoid #financialservices catastrophe. Solution? #StopBrexit2018.  Support @A50Challenge, lobby your MPs. 
I'm not attacking Labour, I'm attacking Jeremy Corbyn for being a #brexiter and making Labour a party for Brexit, which I am opposed to. So as a Labour supporter where does that leave me? Supporting a party that does not agree with my values is madness. 
Ok, so a genuine question, and let's try to stay on topic.Corbyn in fact *did* rule out staying in the SM.The EU are clear there's no cherry picking.So that means hard #Brexit.As someone who believes this is bad for the country, how should I react? 
Labour voters and the overwhelming number of members want a second referendum. 
#FBPE @dontbrexitfixit @BrexitBin @acgrayling @nickreeves9876   I will happily fight with SNP, Lib Dem’s, etc to overturn Brexit, but all I’m seeing from you lot are attacks on Labour. Trust me, you are alienating people. Focus on the tories. It’s their Brexit. 
 David Mundell promised a powers ‘bonanza’ for Scotland on Brexit – then the EU Withdrawal Bill offers not a single new power (and actually grabs powers in devolved areas)  4/5 
 David Mundell claimed an assessment on the impact of Brexit on Scotland exists – it doesn’t.  3/5 
 The Tories have made quite a few promises to Scotland on Brexit but none have been kept. Here are a few. (thread) 1/5 
Completely misleading headline. It’s not Germany that threatens any trade deal, it’s the twin incompetence of the government coupled with the fact that we simply don’t have the time left to negotiate a complex bespoke deal. After all, Brexit is 443 days away  
The German public are being hit by a Brexit charm offensive from two top Cabinet ministers   
Interesting story from @pmdfoster re the “Three Baskets” approach outlined at Florence and to Cabinet last month: German hostility risks derailing UK plans for bespoke Brexit trade deal 
Corbyn has blown it IMHO. His party is anti-Brexit, most of his MPs are anti-Brexit but as he is pro-Brexit he won't allow Labour to stand against it or challenge the Tories. He's put his ideologies ahead of the party which is poor leadership. This floating voter is now #LibDems 
I have blanked all the virgin products since Branson tried to disrupt Brexit although it was voted for by the majority of the great British public . The suing of the NHS was another disgrace . 
WE NOW GO LIVE TO BREXIT  
4. On the basis of this an appointed unmandated PM chose to force thru her version of #Brexit w/o any refnce to our Sov Parl, on the basis of Prerogative power & party self interest, to assuage the Brextremists & appeal to the worst elements they represented & the far right. 
Here is Charlie (a leave voter) telling @theresa_may that her #brexit is not wanted and calling for a #finalsay referendum! @charlievg77  for telling her, she needs to know, as does your MP! So many others feel like you! #FBPE #remainernow 
Future of Scotland’s powers now being decided by unelected Lords like Baron Lang of Monkton without scrutiny of Scottish MPs under cover of Brexit we never voted for. UK democracy lolz  
Extremely important little note from @EU_Commission about EU-UK data transfers post #Brexit aimed at warning everyone (UK gov & biz) of the consequences of no deal.  
Do not despair. Once Brexit is finally done and dusted, the Tories will be electorally obliterated. 
Corbyn CANNOT stop Brexit only RW fools think they can... we have to get Corbyn in Government before he is in control Progress don.t even understand that and the people with the tags are looking ridiculous, but what is new about RW lab.. do the tories job for them... 
Vote took place at #8Committee before most of evidence was heard. This shambles of a process, or its report, is no basis for deciding to hold a referendum. Don't #repealthe8th 
It makes me very angry when Leave supporters say "No second ref!" What they really mean is: "We Brexiters won the referendum and we're going to force our will on the UK even if there's no longer a majority for Brexit." That's tyranny and we won't accept it. #StopBrexit2018. 
The documentary about the October 1st Catalan referendum is not available internationally but here's the alternate linkThey don't want the world to see the violence Spain used against voters.Please share so that everyone can see it, thanks #1octubreTV3 
In saying that Britain can't be in the Single Market and outside the EU, and that people voted to quit the Single Market Corbyn is shamelessly recycling the tired old lies of the #Brexit hard and far right. #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit 
Acid attacks in London have risen 65% in 2yrsLDN has more rapes,robberies & violent offences than NY. The mayor has busied himself with being a male feminist,pollution, been to Pakistan & cried about Trump & Brexit. 2yrs in the job & LDN has fallen RT if he should go. #MLGA 
.@mrjamesob's analysis of David Davis's complaints that the EU is preparing for a No-Deal Brexit is devastating.  
Davis and Hammond are seeking a deal to avoid catastrophe for Britain’s financial services industry after #Brexit.There is an obvious way to avoid catastrophe - by staying in the EU. 
1. Worst national leadership in my lifetime forcing through the most damaging, misguided & missold policy I can remember. Ideology & vested self interest replace statesmanship, soundbites replace sound judgement & autocracy subverts democracy.#Brexit harms us irreparably #FBPE 
Advice: Please don't engage in long discussions with #Brexit trolls. It wastes time and energy and gives them undeserved publicity. Best thing is to block.#FBPE #StopBrexit #Brexit 
"They won't sell Mein Kampf on the trams any more. NEXT THEY'LL LITERALLY THROW YOU FROM TRAINS IF YOU VOTED FOR BREXIT - I'M NOT MAKING THIS UP"  
The EU was surprised that the UK was surprised that the EU was preparing for the thing the UK had said it would do. #Brexit 
Shoutout to the small band of Labour MPs desperately trying to do something about Brexit while Nero Corbyn fiddles away. Thank you for fighting for us. 
Criminally, EU disregarded its own rules & scientific advice to allow Electric Pulse fishing to happen in UK waters.Environment & British coastal communities have suffered in areas it's used- Should @michaelgove ban pulse fishing in UK waters post-Brexit?  
So any amendments to protect Scotland’s position in the Brexit bill will now only be debated in the House of Lords where, of course, there are no SNP representatives. Michelle Mone now has more influence than any of our MPs. 
Paula Rego, Untitled,1998, from a series on unsafe abortion in response to a Portuguese referendum on hugely restrictive abortion laws. The artworks influenced public opinion, helping a change in the law to protect women's rights #womensart 
REALITY: Doomsday warnings of huge Brexit job losses in London disproven, City now expects few jobs to move.  
The EU would help the UK abandon Brexit if country changed its mind, says Chuka Umunna  
Polls say 68-72% of Labour voters pro-#Remain. Your plan for winning the next GE is to drive away 9 million voters to lock in the 4 million who are pro-#Brexit? Interesting strategy. A bit like #Brexit - give up £65bn in benefits to take back £9bn. I'm sure JC will call you soon!  
City of London says Brexit job fears may be over-egged  
Hands up, I'm an official snowflake. After voting Lab since 1983, last year, based entirely on @uklabour 's stance re: Brexit, I voted Green locally (they got in! I'm in the South West) and LD at GE. But that's OK, Labour can afford to lose me. And my husband. And my brothers...  
If you're one of the 70% of Labour voters who diagree with Brexit. Or if you're one of the 90% of Labour voters who believe we should stay in the SM join up. Make your voice heard. #FBPE 
"WHEN WILL THE EU STOP CLAIMING CREDIT FOR UK SUCCESS?" EU promotes export performance to US, fails to mention how deficit will be 22 times worse after #Brexit. Full story:  
'When it comes to Brexit, the old guard of politics need to realise that their time is up – and that includes Corbyn'  
How can someone be held in jail for two months (and counting) for fulfilling the platform they campaigned on and (gasp!) holding a referendum?  
The Brexit Department has been beefed up with the appointment of a leading Eurosceptic Tory MP @SuellaFernandes who says leaving the EU without a deal would be 'great' for Britain  via @MailOnline 
If they had put "shops full of pies" on the side of a bus, Brexit would have won by a landslide.  
Later yesterday was delighted to be asked to attend #DowningSt by @theresa_may the PM asked me to join the Government as an Assistant Whip.Very proud to be doing this as we go thru Brexit & to deliver our important UK agenda & will continue to work tirelessly for my constituents 
“Stop sulking about the referendum result and get behind Britain.” Watch former CBI Chief Lord Jones speak for millions by calling on remoaners to back their country.  
James O'Brien takes apart David Davis' complaint that the EU is planning for a 'No Deal #Brexit. Devastating, please watch and Retweet.   
"#SCOTS WANT TO END FREEDOM OF MOVEMENT POST BREXIT"Claims London based "National Centre for Social Research" @NatCenIn"59% of 859 Scots surveyed"Covered hereIn figs Jackson Carlaw backs as credible to slag SNPSo do you agree with their claim?. 
On Brexit - Jeremy Corbyn and Labour are simply doing what any opposition party would do in the same circumstances i.e. they pitch their stance in neutral and wait. Any other action, given the complexity of the brexit landscape, would be political suicide. Stop the #FBPE deceit. 
I no longer care about Political parties.I just don't care any more.I will vote for who ever has a firm anti Brexit policy and has chance of winning where I live.#StopBrexit#StopBrexit2018#NHSCrisis#lovetheNHS#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Well worth a read to understand the real reasons for brexit. This is not about sovereignty or freedom, it's about the nation becoming subservient to the Corporate Right who want to takeover the country. This is real, they can't wait.   
Somewhere, in a back office of Momentum HQ, the game of Labour Party #Brexit hokeycokey is still dragging on....Ohhhhhh the hokeycokey!#LabourFail #TheCorbynCon 
The manifesto said that we would put jobs and rights above everything else. Leaving the EU is contrary to that position. I am a Labour activist and your view is making me reconsider. It’s time to oppose Tory Brexit plans and fight for woring people. 
Trouble is Virgin have a virtual monopoly with some of their rail franchises.So sometimes you have to use them.But we can stop using their phone services etc.And we should.Branson is trying to overturn #Brexit  
If Theresa May tried to move Jeremy Hunt to a new position in the #cabinetreshuffle but he persuaded the PM to keep him on as Health Secretary, how can we possible expect her to negotiate something bigger, like, #brexit?  
David Davis has reported that EU preparations for a ‘no deal’ Brexit are “damaging” British interests  and scaring businesses into moving abroad. Yet, it was he who repeatedly stated that "no deal is better than a bad deal" - Hypocrite... #BrexitShambles #StopBrexit #r4today 
Whatever lies behind Hilton’s “Obama the narcissist says Cameron” claim it’s important to note that Steve’s attack on “liberal elites” comes from a pro Brexit Silicon Valley exile ON HIS OWN FOX NEWS SHOW. Hmmmm  
Good God. @DavidDavisMP being sent on a charm offensive. That’s it. Financial services in the UK are screwed. Davis and Hammond make plea to Germany in pursuit of Brexit deal #FBPE 
The EU would help the UK abandon Brexit if country changed its mind, says Chuka Umunna  
Time is running out for West Papuan activist Yanto Awerkion who faces the prospect of 15 years in jail – for his involvement in a petition calling for a referendum on independence from Indonesia 
I'm a LD using #FBPE and have used the tag to criticise their Remain efforts. Actually got some flack from the party for it.It is sheer paranoia to think this is a cross party alliance to attack Labour. The goal for us is stopping Brexit. 
Thanks to our #digitalvolunteers, our Faith Bandler interview collection has now been fully transcribed. Faith was a leading voice for Aboriginal rights in Australia, especially during the 1967 referendum.Hear more on #Amplify:  
Tony Blair has no legacy, he’s despised in this country. We don’t need a lecture on #Brexit from him. He was wrong on Iraq, the (ERM) and the Euro. He's a total fraud, responsible for the deaths of poorly equipped British troops, sent to Iraq based on his WMD lies. @InstituteGC 
Brexit isn't a done deal, in fact it isn't even close to a deal, there is everything to play for. The UK politicians are living in a fantasy world of untested ideas, solutions that are fantastical and are totally unacceptable to the EU. #remain is actually winning. #FBPE 
EU may treat some UK financial rules as equivalent after #Brexit – Barnier  
Tory Dirty Tricks & Lies ......Stephen Gethins, the SNP’s Europe spokesman at Westminster, said: “The Tories are engaged in a blatant Brexit power grab – and David Mundell’s failure to do as he promised means he is guilty of selling out Scotland.  
David Davis is pleading with German businesses not to put up barriers to free trade - while being somehow blind to fact that going ahead with Brexit is THE barrier to free trade. Can’t make it up, again  
1. Your numbers are wrong 2. You can’t rely UKIP votes to replace lost Remain voters3. You sound like a UKIP councillor- Liberal Snowflakes?4. Corbyn can’t afford his manifesto with Brexit5. I voted Labour- not again. It’s been hijacked by fools who ignore their voters 
Avoid falling into the trap of splitting the Non-Tory vote. I.e. If votes are divided between SNP/LIB Dems/Greens/Plaid/Labour etc -then it guarantees Tories get more votes than Labour. Don't divide over Brexit - that will only ensure another ToryGov't. In/Out Corbyn is best bet  
Time always reveals scaremongering for what it was.There was plenty, when they realised UK public wanted #Brexit. 
Many on the left & labour are denouncing Blair’s #brexit ideas “because of Iraq” & are instead supporting the Conservative’s hard brexit & lining up with the tories & Nationalist right press who, almost to a man, fully supported the Iraq war. What a time to be alive. 
Putin's Government has tried to influence every major international election since (at least) the Brexit vote.There's no doubt he'll try to influence the US's 2018 midterms.The GOP will be willful co-conspirators in his effort. 
Do you have cancer? Are you being tested for cancer? Nursing shortages, with Brexit as a significant cause, are expected to shorten your life expectancy and hurt your chances of recovery.  
I am sorry for good Labour cllrs but IMO it is past time we stopped faffing about. Potential damage of Brexit is enormous. Corbyn is a life-long Brexiteer. If we want to stop Brexit we have to have a massive swing to Remain i.e. LD or Green @ThatTimWalker joined @LibDems 
Childish accusation that Corbyn is more pro-Brexit than Tories He campaigned hard to Remain but as a true Democrat accepts majority outcome of the Referendum - BUT wants a negotiated deal to retain access to the Free market & Customs Union - Get Real! #ToriesOut #JC4PM 
Great news @ThatTimWalker is joining @LibDems. Imagine what we can do if we who have made twitter the home of the Opposition to Brexit join Tim en masse taking our energy & fight to a political arena which has been steadfastly pro-EU. The surge of us together is our Macron moment  
@ChukaUmunna @DavidLammy I have massive - MASSIVE - respect for you and your individual positions on #Brexit, but your party has gone rogue. I'm so sorry  
Sadly @Lab_Westbourne you can't tick checklist of all Party's policies when you vote so u can't assume everyone who voted Labour agreed with Brexit. Labour voters were scarcely going to vote Tory were they and they presumably preferred other Lab policies to those of Lib dems 
Your sneering contempt for the actual majority of LP members who are pro EU is disgusting. Labour campaigned as a Pro EU Party & gained seats w/LP EU ambiguity last GE. We are many, we are determined, we know defeating #Brexit is bigger than any Party, you absolute Plum. SMH. 
and here's @jaclynf expertly dismantling Roiphe's claim that 50 Shades of Gray was a referendum on feminism.  
I voted Labour in 17 purely and simply to try to get the Tories out. In FPTP nobody votes for a 'manifesto'. Next  time I am voting only for an anti-Brexit party. 
Some Corbynites seem wholly unaware that we Remainers have been battling the #Brexit Tories, kippers and fascists for a long time. #StopBrexit #FBPE #PCPEU #Brexit 
Brussels serves notice of bleak no-deal Brexit for British firms. David Davis needs to come clean on the huge risks of Brexit. No Deal would be a disaster. No Brexit is better than No Deal. And #StopBrexit is the best option of all. #FBPE. 
But, well, it sort of is. That's what has to change.- 25% of Lab voters may change their mind before next GE- 70% of Lab voters voted Remain- 2/3s of them would be "angry" if Labour pursued Brexit- 85% of Labour members want the SM- >75% of members want Ref on the deal 
The referendum wasn’t on single market membership. It’s perfectly possible to remain within it / join EFTA to mitigate the impact on the poorest. If labour came out in favour of a second referendum the polling indicates that remain would win. It would also bring down the tories. 
Davis and Hammond make plea to Germany in pursuit of Brexit deal  
52% voted leave. We will leave unless the wheels fall off completely. But it was a Tory referendum and they are negotiating. The LAB party cannot stop Brexit. Neither can Lib Dems. 
Oh, informed Remainers already knew. And we're now making sure all those who voted Labour in error thinking you weren't Tory Brexit poodles know what to do. These tweets of yours will really help with that. #fbpe #remainernow 
Again I tell you, it is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle than for a "Jobs First" Brexit to be anything other than a disaster. Any Brexit is a bad Brexit. It's a no Brexit from me.  
Ultimately #FBPE detracts from what should be the main aim and that's fighting Tories, not rerunning the referendum.The only winner is the Tory party.  
This is the EU's warning to UK mineral water producers that UK mineral water won't automatically be recognised as such by the EU after Brexit.What's also interesting is the confirmation that non-EU firms who currently access the EU through us also will be left out in the cold  
You can be Pro EU or Pro Jeremy Corbyn but its becoming increasingly clear you can't be both. His division will split Labour and lose that groundswell of support from the younger voters who simply won't back a Brexit focused party.   
Voted .@UKLabour for 30 years cheers for the #snowflake moniker .... I won't be voting for any pro #brexit party 
You're not going to form a government with 4 million votes. Don't take it for granted that those 9 million others will support you whatever you do, especially not on Brexit.  
I feel the longer they stay in power the bigger the damage to the conservative party.And Brexit will bury them completely.There is a big political tsunami on the way .get ready comrades 
There never were any plans for a bespoke UK Brexit trade deal. It was just Brexiters wishful thinking! #FBPE 
Brexit really, really means Brexit.Fancy that? Wednesday’s @FT 
This is the Documentary which went out tonight by TV3 #Catalonia about the events of 1 October Referendum. Brings it all back @SandraWhiteSNP  
Editor 1: Shit, we've run out of Brexit headline ideas...Editor 2: Let's stir some Germanophobia to make a point about something that sounds outrageous to Brexiters even though it's not news because we've known it from before the EUref.Editor 1: Great idea.  
Anyone still voting Labour on the vague assumption that they're sort of less behind Brexit than the Tories and Murdoch and Boris Johnson?  
This @senseficcio documentary by @grupomediapro broadcast on @tv3cat is a powerful & emotional film portraying the events of the 1 Oct referendum in Catalonia. Hopefully there'll also be a version with subtitles. For now the images can speak for themselves  
No pro-Brexit party is ready to be honest about the trade offs inherent in Brexit, even now. (7/11) 
I love this country because all my life it's allowed me to be me - to think what I want, feel what I want and say what I want. Brexit means we can no longer take basic freedoms for granted. @LibDems are the only mainstream party that opposes it. I've joined. 
Tragic seeing Corbyn disappoint all those young voters who thought he'd save their futures from Brexit 
Jeremy Hunt called into No10 by Theresa May.Told he was being moved to Business Department.He refused to go, remains in charge of Health.Be horrified with that lack of 'negotiating/management skills' when May is negotiating Brexit with Barnier or trade deals with Trump. 
So you want labour to announce that they reject the referendum and oppose brexit?  You know who else wants that?  Theresa May.  She'd clean up at the next election and we'd get the hardest brexit.  How about attacking the Tories who made this mess? 
This is astonishing.  Clarke says it was the LibDems voting Tory that gave him Alex Salmond's seat.  Yet, I thought the LibDems were opposed to Brexit.  Are they lying or just stupid @willie_rennie 
'Brexit is winning everywhere!' Farage BRILLIANTLY dismantles Blair's doomy predictions  
Majority of Scots want to end freedom of movement post-Brexit 
'Brexit is a TRAGEDY': Brian May attacks 'dumbest thing Britain has EVER done' 
This is how Hannan started the Referendum Pledge campaign. It is now being reversed, starting in BrightonBrexit will be ‘a disaster’ for the city  
As our 2 biggest political parties will not be upfront & honest about their position on #Brexit, giving us no idea how it will affect what we care about most - #NHS, education, housing, jobs etc; I realise I have 2 choices: a #Tory Brexit or a #Labour Brexit. I don't want either. 
Here is the link to the @EU_Commission advice on what might happen to mineral water after #Brexit which is sure to become a classic of the genre  
The first council to call for a referendum. There will be others during  2018 because they are now waking to the fact that Local Government Association predicts a shortfall of £8.4 billion in funding after Brexit.  
The public will get a chance to Remain, says campaign leader.“People are beginning to understand they were seriously mis-sold in the referendum,” says Lord @malloch_brown.“People are changing their minds” and will be able to #StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
15 industries issued with ‘be prepared’ notices, spelling out stark consequences of ‘no deal’ and expiry of existing vital agreements. Contours of cliff edge #Brexit loom into view. Not too late to step back from this...  
I haven’t been able to see the @tv3cat documentary of 1st Oct referendum events yet because ... “emissió no disponible”. I hope no-one’s trying to censor it.  
Fantastic to hear from @Andrew_Adonis this evening on how to solve this Brexit mess and renew the country with the spirit of Attlee. There’s hope yet!  
#1octubreTV3 The Spanish dictatorship has censored in the media the images of the violent aggressions with 1066 wounded certified with medical parts to the referendum voters the # 1stOct in Catalonia. Spain is afraid of democracy.  
The EU would help the UK abandon Brexit if country changed its mind, says Chuka Umunna  
HMG still, after all this time, does not get it.  @DavidDavisMP has been corrected on numerous occasions on this delusion, which he spouted during the referendum campaign, but still they persist:  
Minister for Defence Procurement is a crucial role made more important by civil servants’ current proposal for the UK stay in European Defence Fund and EDIDP post-Brexit, which would hollow out UK defence decision-making.Info given to MPs was incomplete: 
#1octubreTV3 This is how I remember the night of the #1O referendum in #Catalonia. There are no words to describe this feeling #HemVotat. 
Tonight, After decline in number of Police Special Unit (Riot Police) forces on street alert in large & small cities of Iran, #IranProtests restarted in small scale but in symbolic way. Here in #Isfahan women hold placards on which was written "Referendum" (fore regime change.)  
.UK business can't rely on the Government to tell the truth about BrexitBut the EU is letting the UK businesses know the cold, hard facts of a cold, hard Brexit. via @financialtimes 
Labour had my vote, that of my wife, my brother my sister in law, my parents and my close friends in the last election. Fearful of a Tory Brexit and led up the garden path by the likes of @Keir_Starmer. I know for a fact they will all be voting Liberal Democrat in the next. 
If Thatcher was the Iron Lady, what is #TheresaMay? The #BalsawoodLady?#Reshuffle #Brexit #StopBrexit #NightoftheBluntKnives #Remain #Brexitshambles #EU #FBPE #JeremyHunt #ChrisGrayling 
EXC: UK plans for bespoke "managed divergence" #Brexit trade deal risks being stillborn thanks to deep German opposition - my latestWith insights from @CER_Grant@EurasiaGroup Mujtaba Rahman @instituteforgov @jl_owen and others who must remain anon 
Tory ideology isn’t fundamentally what’s got us into this mess.Labour can’t get us out of it.Brexit is the issue & @LibDems alone see that. 
Idea: @courtneyact wins #CBBBy winning she becomes an adopted British national treasure (such as Kylie)Competes for the UK in the first post Brexit Eurovision Song Contest. Wins. Such adoration causes Britain to immediately rejoin the EU. All is well. 
Kippers yell "You lost! Get over it!"Corbynite Leavers shout "LibDems coalition!"Neither have any cogent argument in favour of #Brexit.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Good to see SNP Ministers continue to show that they have nothing better to do with their time than troll @ScotTories MPs on Twitter . The SNP have an innate inability to accept referendum results  You get back to your day job Mike & I’ll continue to keep doing mine.  
Juncker calls on all EU countries to make up Brexit hole in its budget. NOW WATCH THEM  FIGHT!  
Wednesday’s FINANCIAL TIMES: “Brussels serves notice of bleak no-deal Brexit for UK industry” #bbcpapers #tomorrowspaperstoday 
Jeremy Corbyn is the biggest asset the Tory Party could *ever* ask for. Every time a crucial vote is needed then Jeremy whips his MP's to back @theresa_mayAny #Brexit will damage jobs, the NHS, the economy and bring about 20 years of Austerity. #StopBrexit #ExitBrexit #FinalSay 
Oh dear. Westminster ‘accidentally’ leaves it too late to amend Brexit power grab from Scotland. Scot Tories blame U.K. Tories incompetence.  Scotland shafted again. Purely accidental and not planned in any way...#AccidentslMissingOfDeadline 
I agree with you. I will be voting for Corbyn. I am totally against Brexit. Voting for any other party will ensure the Tories win again. Labour voters moaning about Corbyn are doing the Tories job for them. 
EU Prez Juncker: Brexit Will Happen, No Second Referendum  
I’ve joined @LibDems as they’re the only mainstream political party to oppose Brexit. I urge others to do so. This is no time for ambiguity. 
Our tips on how to gain an EU passport before Brexit.   
EU in TURMOIL as study reveals these FOUR countries will pay HUGE price for Brexit  
It's ironic (though not really) that supposed anti-'brexit' parties are actively trying to undermine Labour's opposition to the Tories. SNP because they fear a Labour resurgence and the LibDems because their future is tied to the Tories. 
People are furious at Corbyn for one simple reason.If May loses her job, Brexit will still happen. If Corbyn loses his, it probably won't. 
'Honourable Gangsta' MP performs rap on Brexit in the Commons 'to sum up the current situation'  Thank goodness we have 13 Scottish Conservatives standing up for Scotland. Making telling and useful contributions at Westminster. 
Barnier says EU will accept ‘equivalence’ of some UK rules in financial services after Brexit, but won’t offer full passporting rights. Softer than previously uncompromising approach (following reported unease from some Member States) but still far from what UK wants.  
What amazes me with these so-called Labour supporters that now say they'll never vote for Corbyn, because he's not anti-Brexit, is they'll just split Labour vote, so Tories more likely to get in again, and we'll get harder Brexit than we ever would with Labour. #VoteLabourAnyway 
We're seeing loads of these and it's truly depressing. Life long activists, members and supporters, the life blood of our Party, who cannot reconcile with our Brexit position.If any MPs are looking in, please take note.#StopBrexit 
The second Referendum (on membership of the EEC / EU bloc) has already been held. On 23 June 2016. It was held 41 years after the first one. 
Jean-Claude Juncker: There will be no second EU referendumThere you have it Remoaners you have been told by your leader & chief. #PBPE now is the time to get behind, support & work toward a stronger, better, bigger UK outside of the EU #Respectthevote 
Hi @BenPBradshaw we are over 4,500 members of the public who are deeply concerned about the legitimacy and stability of *this* brexit.  we have crowd funded £130,00 to seek to have matters reviewed.  There is a consensus there is a mess.  Take it from there. DMs open. 
Leg day for @DMcIntyreWWE and @WWESheamus. Which apparently means they should they should flex their arms. @MogyApp for healthy leg arms like they have. #irish #scottish #brexit  
Why blame Corbyn for Brexit? it was a Tory government that called the ref for party reasons, set up a stupid yes/no q, Tory voters who voted Leave, Labour voter overwhelmingly Remain. The hands pushing for a hard Brexit are Tories. Corbyn been meeting with EU officials for mths 
You’re not alone in being badly let down by Corbyn’s approach to #BrexitNor are you alone in switching your support to @LibDems It is appreciated and it helps fight for an #ExitFromBrexit  
Obviously this has nothing at all to do with the fact the #DailyMail supported Brexit and Virgin founder Richard Branson is a staunch Remoaner who wanted a second referendum... #VirginTrains 
Today's Banx cartoon: David Davis is upset that the EU would plan for no deal Brexit  
Brexit in even more trouble.its an illegal mess. Pretty sure the ARt50 legal challenge will succeed after this UN declaration, 
I'm building an #FBPE list, if you use the tag in your name or bio & I find you, I'll follow you, once I've checked you're not an #FBPE Brexit troll. I'm creating the list to make it easier for you, target 30,000. Follow me if you want to be added in. RT #FBPE #FinalSay 
BREAKING: UK cannot automatically expect adequacy under EU law post #brexit. Unsurprising, but it's in writing now. This will cripple UK-EU data transfers #GDPR #eudatap  
"The will of the people" is the same language used by Adolf Hitler. The same language used by Fascists and right wing Populists such as Trump.It's one of the reasons I quit the @UKLabour Party. #PCPEU #Corbyn #JC4PM #Momentum #Brexit #StopBrexit #ExitBrexit #Remain 
When it comes to #Brexit, the old guard of politics need to realise that their time is up – and that includes Corbyn, says @MollyMEP  
The Tory/Labour #Brexit plan to leave the Single Market could cost 80,000 jobs in Scotland and see average wages fall by £2,000 a year. Get the facts here.  
Brexit Committee: "Has the government undertaken any impact assessments?"David Davis: "Not in sectors, no, there's no systematic impact assessment."Our @Trade__Talks podcast (24 min)Brexit – Sectoral Analyses or Impact Assessments? (Ep 19)iTunes->  
I have never commented on this but my notifications are full of this so have to comment. Why are some labour members blaming Jeremy Corbyn on Brexit. You all should be ashamed of yourselves. Well I’m gone stick by my leader and you all can do one. This matter is now closed. 
This shadowy group of MPs, a Hard Brexit 'Party within a Party', 'capable of bringing the PM down' will be delighted its head Suella Fernandes has joined it's former head Steve Baker in the Govts Brexit team. Or their Brexit team as it has now become.  
Virgin Trains bans the Daily Mail because “this paper is not compatible with our beliefs.” Maybe, instead of worrying about Brexit, immigration etc, Virgin should worry about getting passengers from A to B on time and at a reasonable price.  
There’s some truth. But the blame lies  with Tories:Take a dollop of nationalism, add another of right-wing propaganda, mix in opportunistic politicians & some ideologues, whisk in a financial crash & austerity, sprinkle on some immigration, call a referendum = Brexit. 
Remember that “sinister” “McCarthyite” letter to university leaders demanding names of #Brexit scholars? 28 vice chancellors happily cooperated  
Labour in Commons now voting against creating a UK Trade Remedies Authority (to protect UK businesses post-Brexit from dumping or subsidies) & against keeping provisions for British businesses of 40+ EU Trade Agreements. Chaos. 
Brexit bill may have broken international environment law, says UN.Fundamental rights and protections are being undermined by Brexit. The public need to be consulted, not steamrollered. More reasons to #StopBrexit. #FBPE.   
Business should analyse #Brexit exposure, be ready to adapt logistics, supply chains, contracts @MichelBarnier 
David Davis "annoyed" that Theresa May hasn't appointed him Minister for No Deal Brexit, as he was hoping to join his pals Minister for No Trade Deals, Liam Fox, and Minister for No NHS, Jeremy Hunt. 
If Theresa May cannot or will not deliver a full Brexit where we have no brexit bill, no transition period & quit the single market, customs union & free movement, then Brits will support someone who can  
EU Prez Juncker: Brexit Will Happen, No Second Referendum!           #fo2eu 
.@bbcpointswest  Interesting Programme about Doctor Shortages in the West. Pity you didn't  mention haemorrhage of European Doctors leaving because of #Brexit!  
Next time a #Brexshitter quotes the figure of 17.4 million people (including those who have passed away), mention the more impressive figure of 48 million – UK residents in 2016 who did not vote for #Brexit.And that's being generous: the number is certainly much higher now. 
Tories fear Corbyn, and they have every right.Labour are reaching out to groups who used to vote Tory; businesses (many trust Labour over Tories with Brexit); elderly (Tory ‘dementia tax’ impacted trust); and leave voters (who think May is doing poorly). 
Thrilled to reconnect with my old school pal @Andrew_Adonis and pledge my help in the fight against the insanity of #Brexit pic.twitter.com/S4YwRlboL4 
Calling all #FBPE, It's time for a serious discussion about the local elections this year. There is a lot of opposition to voting in the @LibDems, i myself am a card carrying member of @UKLabour but @jeremycorbyn has made his position on #Brexit clear, now we must be clear to him 
EU's close to allowing continuation & expansion of Electric Pulse fishing to appease EU fishing companies & their quislings in Britain. Should @michaelgove ban pulse fishing post-Brexit until proved not to be responsible for problems in areas it's used?  
1) At this point in time the Tories are likely as not to end up in a never ending "transition" that keeps us in the SM & CU,stupid but less damagingTherefore,and yet again, Corbyn is offering a harder #BrexitThis isn't Corbyn bashing, it's just a fact  
Suella Fernandes depends on tax payers money to promote the most extreme and punishing #Brexit possibleIncluding decimation of human and workers’ rights, no deal and vulture capitalismNow she’ll be paid even more to achieve what benefits her and a very very select few  
Whoah. The Lego Brexit Bus looks incredible   
British public will get 'second chance' on Brexit, new Remain campaign chief says - The Independent  
Branson is an anti-Brexit, ageist Loony Lefty. #BoycottVirgin #BuyTheDailyMail 
."The talk of Brexit in the press often mentions growing more food in Britain but at the moment it would be the reverse.If we’re not careful we’re going to be a very hungry country.”. 
.Oooh!....."The British government may have breached a major “environmental democracy” law by failing to consult the public when drawing up Brexit legislation.". 
"Confidence has dropped among London businesses for the 4th quarter running as #Brexit overshadows trading" #FBPE #StopBrexit2018 
Map of Spain's occupation forces attacks to peaceful voters during #Catalonia's independence referendum on #1oct2017:☞117 documented points of police brutality☞489 videos/images of repression#WeDontForget  
I sometimes feel sorry for @mrjamesob having to shoulder responsibility for holding HMG to account single handedly while 90% of the media simply enable them. We owe him a debt of gratitude. #Brexit 
Let's hope Lord Malloch Brown is right, because #Brexit is a total disaster that must be stopped! 
Please RT.Richard Branson's Virgin Trains Are Banning The Sale Of The Daily Mail. Richard Branson hates Brexit and talks fondly about rejoining the EU once the old folk who voted for it die off. Would you consider boycotting Virgin products to send him a message? 
WATCH: SNP MP slams Brexit with a RAP in the House of Commons   
Brexit bill may have broken international environment law, says UN  Wow: this is big, important, and well worth Friends of the Earth pursuing, hard. I hope they have the funding. 
New documentary on the events of Catalan referendum day to screen on TV3  
A serious question Chuka, why do we have to abide by a referendum based on lies, hatred and fear! Why are people’s lives being torn apart, why are families in fear, why are parliament supporting this whole farce when it was sold on lies, how is this the will of the people? #FBPE 
“Brexit is basically geopolitical footstamping and shouting with no serious attempt at statecraft or planning” no. 1,246,399 of n.  
Farage turns his fire on phoney Tony: "Blair...was wrong about the Exchange Rate Mechanism, he was wrong about Britain joining the euro, he was wrong... about the war in Iraq, and people like him about the referendum saying dire things would happen." 
Prominent Brexiteer, Suella Fernandes, has been given a job at the Brexit Department. This is fantastic news as she has previously claimed "no deal is great for us"! 
How do you square "accept the referendum result" and "truly meaningful vote on the final deal"? Unless you can reject a damaging deal by "not leaving", the vote is not truly meaningful. 
FARAGE: “The dream of Brexit isn’t just winning in the United Kingdom, it’s winning in Catalonia, Hungary, Poland and all over the European Union as we speak. “There is a major historic change that I believe we’re not even in the middle of."  
You may be pro EUYou may be pro CorbynHow can you be Pro Corbyn AND Pro EU when Corbyn isn't pro EU and still insists on a Jobs First Brexit? 
Today Jeremy Corbyn refused to show up for the Single Market Summit and it's not the first time he's failed the British people (and his own members!) on Europe.Join the real opposition today:  #Brexit  
Brexit or Remain?Redefined after your feedback. Please vote again.If there was a general election tomorrow who would you vote for? It would be helpful if you could RT when voted please 
#Brexit bill may have breached “environmental democracy” law by failing to consult the public when drawing up legislation, says UN.  
Lets try to get @vincecable to be a little more Vocal on #StopBrexit2018 . Party politics are irrelevant at the moment but #Brexit isn't and why isn't he going on to all the MSN political progs? 
On Brexit, the stakes are highest for young people and they are the most pessimistic about it. We owe them a better future and a chance to turn this around. Note - image via new research from the excellent @BritainThinks 
That David Davis ‘no deal’ letter and what it really means.Worth a listen, especially by anyone who hopes the neighbours are beginning to get rational about #Brexit.  
Corbyn rules out staying in Single MarketEmily Thornberry: "It makes no sense to leave the Single Market"Labour's Brexit Policy: More cracks than a neglected pavement in a Labour run local council...  
We urgently need to fix the crisis in the NHS and in housing. It's not just that brexit takes away the money and skilled people we need to do that.An even bigger problem now is that government barely has enough capacity to manage brexit, let alone govern the country. 
Remain supporters of HM Loyal Opposition the Labour Party. If you are serious about not leaving the EU, you need to vote with your feet right now. Revoke your membership, write to Labour. Labour is pro brexit same as May & Toxic Tories.#WeAreTheOppositionNow#StopBrexit2018 
BREAKING: We complained that UK Government’s #Brexit bill breached the #Aarhus environmental convention. Now a @UN committee is investigating:  
#Brexit bill may have broken international environment law, says UN  
Looking forward to speaking in @DCU_Brexit_Inst this month on #futureofeurope along with President Michael D Higgins & @simoncoveney @emireland 
The sum of all fears: UK not considered as "adequate" country for data transfers post #brexit This means that companies need to quickly adapt standard contractual clauses or other methods to secure transfer to UK countries.  #tietosuoja #eudatap 
So Remain got 16.1m votes by saying lets stay in the EU... Leave got 17.4m votes by never stop talking about the Norway which involves staying in major parts of the EU but we're now told Hard Brexit is the Will of the People. #Pathetic 
Banning EU nationals from continuing their lives as pre referendum seems to be OK with Nigel Farage though. Looks like it is a matter of what he likes and what he doesn't.  
Well. The SNP's Hannah Bardell delivers a poem on Brexit - with David Linden beatboxing  
You know what Brexit is starting to feel like? Icarus, flapping towards the sun.  
Lovely to hang out with @Andrew_Adonis and talk all things trains, Brexit and Corbyn. Interview up soon!   
Exactly, Daily Express... people want money for NHS, but you chose Brexit instead.Fallen £ costs NHS £900m extra a year. Fallen GDP growth costs billions & extends austerity. Govt spending billions on Brexit prep.It’s Brexit or NHS. There isn’t money for both.  
The cracks are really beginning to show on Labour's Brexit policy. Who knows what to believe  
Baroness Tanni Grey-Thompson has just been over to talk to us about #Brexit and what lies ahead. We chatted for about 10 minutes , she was very grounded and nice to talk to. Very supportive #FBPE #StopBrexit2018 #SODEMaction 
UK's new Brexit minister Suella Fernandes told @ConHome in June: "No deal is great for us." 
Hey Aberdeen, you're predicted to be the WORST hit city by Brexit in the UK. Why did you vote for a guy who seems happy for this to happen?   
If only Corbyn fans would realise that this "we can't openly oppose Brexit as it would be unpopular and we won't win elections" is the same triangulation and surrender to the right wing press that Corbyn used to call out Blair and New Labour for doing. 
All at seaLeaked letter from the Brexit Secretary to Theresa May confirms worst fears of leaving the EU 
As a bloody migrant, I wasn't allowed a vote on a referendum that will affect my life in the UK. I am faced with a PM who hates migrants. How do I move forward, move to the EU as suggested by Brexiters?  
After Steve Baker she becomes the second Chair of the secretive European Research Group to be appointed as a Brexit minister in past seven months. Yet another capitulation to those who advocate the hardest of Brexits (using taxpayers money to do so).  
London School of Economics predict Aberdeen, the city you represent, will be hardest hit by falling economic output due to a "hard" Brexit - 7% of the value of its goods and services or £3.8bn!Aberdeen also voted 61% to Remain.  
“If the SNP is serious about trying to bring about a second referendum this year, we stand ready to do everything we can to oppose. We will not be intimidated from speaking up for the majority of Scots who do not want to be independent from the UK.” 
1. Branson & Blair as thick as thieves in the anti-democratic Stop-Brexit movement.2. Blair convinced Daily Mail was influential in procuring Leave vote.3. If you think Branson banning sales of DM on his trains isn't connected to Blair & Brexit, I've a (road) bridge to sell you 
Shall I mention again that I worked with her on a report on protecting EU27 citizens' rights in the UK after Brexit - and then she voted against the principle of the report?Yes. Yes I will. No one should trust her.  
Remain had 6m tactical votes. That's enough to stop Brexit. 
There is an irrationality at the heart of Brexit, a small minded insularity that believes that somehow the UK is exceptional...in following the exceptionally stupid path of #Brexit we say that cannot be more than what we are. That common values cannot transcend borders. #Remain 
@jeremycorbyn Whilst I believe that the current Labour manifesto would radically change the UK for the better, you need to get behind the fact that the majority of your supporters, myself included, want Brexit stopped. 
I was back in the #Senedd today challenging @fmwales to ensure that the Welsh Government's Brexit Transition Fund is accessible, simple & effective. I've been fighting for a fund to get Wales Brexit ready for a long time, I want to make sure they get it right:  
New remain campaign chief says public will have a 'second chance' on Brexit  Labour Lords are saying the right thing, shame Labour Leadership is on a completely different page. 
The Tory Labour Brexit coalition will be a disaster for the working people of Britain, and we will never forgive them for it. #FBPE 
POWER TO THE LEFTIES.Here's proof that the frenzied computer moaning from the "Leftard Loons" really can have an impact.#TobyYoung down... #BorisJohnson, #TheresaMay's government and #Brexit to go.COME ON TEAM OUR COUNTY NEEDS US! #STOPBREXIT  
'Brexit is a TRAGEDY': Brian May attacks 'dumbest thing Britain has EVER done'  via @NewsNowUK#StopBrexit2018 #FBPE 
Since Britain does not take EU money, does not want to be in the single market and rejects EU values, can we assume Mr Verhofstadt that you do in fact support Brexit? 
Dear Brits, look at draft Trade Bill introduced for Brexit.  starts alignment to GATT/WTO (? bye bye EU food standards, hullo lower Codex /WTO standards?). Constrains Scotland, Wales, N Ireland.  New TradeRemediesAgency. Zero on health, enviro or consumers! 
What?Not. A. Hope. In. Hell.#Brexit  
This is huge. Brexit bill may have broken international environment law, says UN. compliance committee considers complaint alleging government breached Aarhus convention by not consulting public over withdrawal bill.  
At least 16+ million voters who don't want Brexit. Political suicide to ignore them and at least half the country that don't want Brexit.Just saying. 
NOTE to the PM.If you really intended to assert your authority - you would have replaced BoJo the clown - Gove the knife - and the #Brexit team, Fox (disgraced former DS) and Dissembling Dillettante Duplicitous Davis.#JustSayingOoops I forgot - Rupert wouldn't like that ! 
Austrian, Swedish & Dutch people aren't exactly happy with EU right now.How will they feel when they're suddenly expected to stump up more money?UK has been 2nd largest #EU contributor but after #Brexit EU won't be able to milk this cash cow any longer. 
This is not #Brexit PROJECT FEAR but the TRUTH my DEAR! #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Productive meeting with the Chair of the Brexit Select Committee Rt Hon @HilaryBennMP to discuss the key findings of our @Appg_Brexit report published by @MediaLSE. We’re pushing on in 2018 to ensure that any deal on the table works for ALL young citizens  
The EU has expressed "surprise" at a complaint by Britain’s Brexit Secretary David Davis about the EU planning for a "no deal" Brexit  
"With the #Brexit clock ticking, it is now more important than ever that we have a united and effective opposition holding the UK government to account."  
If the majority of @Labour MP's and its voters want a stop to brexit but @Labour wont start opposing brexit because of @jeremycorbyn, should someone start thinking about a Leadership Challenge and give the country an actual opposition party? 
#HappeningNow Jan 9 - Tehran, #IranFootage shows continuing protests outside Evin Prison.Chants: "Political prisoners must be released""Dervish prisoners must be released"Placard: "Referendum"@AmnestyIran @amnesty @hrw @AmnestyIran @hrw_fa#IranProtests #تظاهرات_سراسري 
#DearSam how will you ensure that the UK Unversity sector is not significantly weakened and compromised by the #Brexit triple whammy: fall in EU student numbers, fall in EU academics & researchers and potential withdrawal of EU research funding beyond 2020? 
"Banning things because you don’t like them solves nothing" says man who wants to ban things he doesn't like.#StopFundingHate #Brexit  
"Here in the European commission we are somehow surprised that the UK is surprised that we are preparing for a scenario announced by the UK government itself."I think when the Brexit shambles is studied by future generations, that statement will be in the textbooks. 
#Davis #NoDeal letter confirms him as the blustering and over-confident Brexit Bulldog, wholly out of touch & out of his depth.My piece for @IndyVoices#Brexitshambles 
Spanish police colonel: "those who published videos of police violence during #1October independence referendum in Catalonia will face Spanish justice"  
"Putin wants #Brexit as does Corbyn." As does Trump, the Mercers, Bannon, Farage, the Daily Mail, Rupert Murdoch, Johnson, Gove and many other extreme right loonies.Why would any member of Labour, let alone its leader, want to share such company?And why do they all hate the EU?  
Imagine a @BBCNews equivalent, say Deutschlandfunk existing in 1935 & commenting: *The referenda since 1933 affirmed Hitler's power, so it is fair and accurate to refer to Nazism as an ongoing process that will happen.* Brexit is undemocratic & bad for UK. Opposition is silenced. 
This the real radical alternative Scotland needs. Not afraid to work with the Tories - in Aberdeen and on Brexit in Westminster. To the barricades, brothers and sisters !  
Juncker calls on remaining Member States to cough up more dosh after Brexit. They look delighted...   
Tory Brexiters want Asian style working practices and low taxes (on the rich) and a bonfire of workplace rights.They know that a hard #Brexit would achieve these goals, even if there were a Labour government.#StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
Good news. Top Spanish Bank Alantra Partners SA, which is based in Madrid, is reportedly moving to the city of #London The bank oversees £3.3billion of assets and employs some 350 staff across 21 counties. #DespiteBrexit #Brexit 
Business uncertainty has been created b/c of the UK Gov's decision to leave the single market, not because of EU contingency planning. PM Theresa May & David Davis say no deal is better than a bad deal, so it is only fair that we plan for this  #Brexit 
are we now in a world where we get a three-day referendum on a celebrity's readiness to be president every time they make a good speech 
Brexit bill may have broken international environment law, says UN  
The #Brexit Right want the #NHS dismantled. Leaving the Customs Union would mean a trade deal with the USA in which the US would be able to force privatisation of a large part of the #NHS. Tory heaven. Hell for the many.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Another positive economic indicator for Britain. I'm sure this will be ignored by the remainers who talk-down the economy in an attempt to reverse Brexit. Won't work. FTSE 100 hit record high last week and continues to rocket.  
And Brexit is all Corbyn's fault, right? Odd how a lifelong Labour voter can't support a socialist Labour leader. With or without Brexit, people are starving and homeless, a real Labour voter would have a burning desire to end this injustice first and foremost. 
If at the end of this process when we see what Brexit looks like, can we choose to change our minds? EU governments I've spoken to say we could:  
Both his time & #Remain patience have now run out.  He backs an unachievable jobs 1st Brexit, deceives the Ppl by saying we must be outside the SM/CU if you are not in the EU & denies the democratic principle of allowing a #FinalSay in 2018 to Confirm or #StopBrexit. 
Triumphantly, Brendan O’Neill turns on Word and begins to type “The Metropolitan liberal elite’s disdain for coffee enemas, most recently seen in a sneering Guardian article, is just another example of why the ordinary people of Britain voted Brexit”  
EU damaging UK interests with plan for no-deal Brexit, says man preparing UK for no-deal Brexit  You're not allowed to do it, even if we are, because we say so, because we're special. It's official - UK government is a kindergarten. 
Hero PC sacked for online posts calling gypsies 'scumbags' and declaring ‘Bring on Brexit’  
This is an inevitable outcome of W/W’s exceptionalism. As long as W/W remains unable to concede the principle of subsidiarity and the moral equivalence of other tiers of government, conflict is inevitable. It won’t go away with Brexit. Watch out Scotland. 4/ 
People who live in Stoke-on-Trent are fed up with their city being called the 'Brexit capital of Britain'. After being swamped by negative media stories last year, local people are fighting back against the stereotypes  
Jeremy Corbyn empty-chaired after refusing to meet with other opposition parties who are working together to prevent a damaging hard Brexit.Corbyn, once again, happy to capitulate and join Tories in throwing Britain off the Brexit cliff edge.  
I’m not a LibDem, but Corbyn’s hard-line position on Brexit has reaffirmed my support for them to #ExitFromBrexit - let no Labourite slate the @LibDems ever about ‘supporting the Tories’ when a supposedly left-wing Labour Party is doing so on the most crucial vote of our time. 
Poll of party members: over 75% of @UKLabour members want a referendum on final #Brexit deal and, in any case, want to stay in #SingleMarket and #CustomsUnion 
It is now abundantly clear that Farage must be on the Brexit negotiating team to the EU. 
In order to qualify for a free trade agreement a company must prove that the product it is exporting is sufficiently 'local'. This @TheIFS chart shows that post-Brexit doing so will become more difficult for UK exporters than EU:  
No10 confirm there will not be a No Brexit Deal minister in Cabinet and insist no plans ever existed for one. 
'Farage claims Barnier 'does not get' Brexit'That's because Barnier is an intelligent man and Brexit is an idiotic idea.  
The NHS will not survive Brexit.No matter who is in power!They will be forced willingly, or unwillingly to carve up it to fill the huge fiscal void Brexit will cause.#NHSCrisis #SaveTheNHS #StopBrexit2018 #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
I wonder if a JR brought by some disaffected leavers, seeking a review of the govt's decision to give effect to the referendum outcome, on ground that they were induced to vote Leave by false representations made before the referendum, might succeed. @A50Challenge @JolyonMaugham 
.@jeremycorbyn is my MP, I have written to him 10 times since the #EUREF on mostly Brexit related issues asking him to stand up for the 78% of Islington north that voted remain and actually oppose this terrible hapless govt! I have not had a single response! He is pathetic!! 
We in Aberdeen will suffer the most economically in the UK due to Brexit. My local MP seems to want to revel in the fact that he campaigned vigorously for it. Ideology over serving his constituents. #reality 
Hey @richardbranson - banning the Daily Mail won't reverse Brexit.It will lose you customers though.Keep doubling down on your Remoaner cry-baby idiocy.  
Brexit is going ahead and it’ll cost other EU countries billions – Jean-Claude Juncker  
Social media campaigning got rid of Toby Young. Keep it up and let's see if we can get rid of Brexit. #StopBrexit. 
A handy thread for anybody looking for an illustration of how incoherent Labour's position on Brexit is.Would be funny if the consequences weren't so serious. 
The sensible move re Brexit would have been to have promoted Raab to Justice Secretary until Withdrawal Bill had been finally passed.Bill already delayed and too complex. Getting yet more ministers up to legalistic speed will cause more problems against a strict timetable. 
Opposition parties 'empty chair' Jeremy Corbyn at soft Brexit summit  
If the EU refuses a Brexit deal for the City, we should abandon its vast regulatory nonsense  
Following a cross-party #Brexit summit on the Single Market, @LSRPlaid has called for the First Minister of Wales to work with the other opposition parties in Jeremy Corbyn's absence. Read more here:  
You can back Left wing policies and staying in the EU, but you cannot back Corbyn and staying in the EU. #PCPEU folk please get real - Corbyn supports hard #Brexit. If Britain is to stay in the EU Corbyn has to go or be sidelined.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Conservative: A vote for us is a vote to leave the single market and a brexit that protects jobs and the economy. Labour: A vote for us is a vote to leave the single market and brexit that protects jobs and living standards.  
@DavidDavisMP and others have been boasting about "#NoDeal" plannig for months, now having hissy fit at EU doing the same!!#Brexit #StopBrexit #DavidDavis #Remain #Brexitshambles #EU #FBPE #NoDealBrexit 
SNP Westminster Leader @IanBlackfordMP tells @SkyNews there can be a parliamentary majority for staying in the single market and customs union if @jeremycorbyn gets behind cross-party efforts to avoid a Tory hard Brexit  
EU damaging UK interests with plan for no-deal Brexit, says man preparing UK for no-deal Brexit  
A letter from David Davis to Theresa May complaining that the EU is planning for a 'No Deal Brexit' has been leaked. @mrjamesob's analysis of it is devastating.  
Brexit job losses may be lower than first feared says City of London boss  
Interviewed this morning by the BBC’s @nickeardleybbc on Single Market and Customs Union Membership which the people of the UK voted to leave.You can’t trust anything the SNP say on #Brexit as everything they do is to further their independence obsession.  
To #AndrewNeil,#BBC has reminded staff of guidelines on impartiality that prohibit presenters or reporters who have expressed views on a subject from conducting interviews on that topic.Will you confirm that you won't conduct further #BBC interviews on #Brexit? @afneil @BBC 
So much for Remoaner plans to keep us in. Brexit will occur on March 30 2019, insists Jean-Claude Juncker! 
I've always been a Labour supporter, but Corbyn's leadership is just appalling. He is actively aiding and promoting the Brexit shambles. Maybe the party needs the shock of seeing #CorbynOut trending, followed by  Corbyn, out. 
Claims often seen on fbpe threads1: ‘don’t vote labour unless they come out against brexit’ ... voting for smaller parties, or abstaining = Tory win ( tories will always vote)Tory gains in local elections, for instance, will only embolden them in their brexit ambitions 
.@EU_Commission Spokesperson on David Davis letter: "We are surprised that the UK is surprised that we are preparing for a scenario announced by the UK govt itself" #Brexit  
A good plan for local elections?I am a Lab Party member who joined as I thought JC might provide opposition on Brexit.Instead of quiting the Labour Party now, I will vote LibDem in the local elections, hoping that the result will make JC change his mind.If he doesn't I quit 
Spoke with @MichelBarnier about the second phase of the Brexit negotiations. It is essential that UK clarifies its position on our future relationship. Transition period important to minimize impact on citizens and businesses. Full support to Barnier as sole EU-negotiator.  
MPs need to be told that there is no, and never was, a mandate for Brexit. 37% of the electorate voting Leave in an advisory referendum is not a mandate: it is an expression of minority opinion. May asked for a mandate in the GE, & lost her majority. Brexit is illegitimate. 
Impact assessments WERE done. See the Treasury's, before the 23 June referendum. So when May declared *Brexit means Brexit* she knew was choosing to harm Britain. She knew; she had a choice; she hid information; she disregarded Scotland, NI, geopolitics, & went ahead regardless.  
Remainers love to pretend that Brexiteers hanker for a nostalgic past. Yet as Wm Hague put it, “The EU is a 1970s solution to a 1950s problem”. Get real, you guys. The EU is so last century. For Brexit Britain, a global future beckons. 
I'm in this fight for the future of my two nephews who I want to have all the benefits being full EU citizens in an EU country brings.Once brexit is dead, I'll go back to talking about motorcycle racing, cycle racing and moaning about watches I can't afford.#StopBrexit 
Hammond is an EU insider, gradually undermining Theresa May and guiding the UK into remaining in the single market & customs union.#Brexit #Brexiteers 
This is essentially how the Brexit negotiations regarding no deal have gone so far. It is beyond parody. We are governed by clowns.  
Encouraging to read that @jeremycorbyn told Labour MPs he is ruling out Britain remaining part of the single market post-Brexit. The priority now must be to negotiate a favourable trade deal outside of it. 
- the sheer lunacy of Brexit and the politicians trying to force it through. -  
One day soon, I hope, #Brexit will be consigned to the dustbin of history and we can get back to the task of making Britain a more just, more equal, more compassionate society. Brexit would take us in a different direction. 
Britain’s post-Brexit future looks bright – forget what the pessimists say  
Is it time for Corbyn to step aside & allow a real opposition to the Tories & Brexit? (Please RT- thanks) 
What a pity @ChukaUmunna isn't Leader of @UKLabour. If he were, the whole British political landscape would be different and #Brexit maybe averted.  
Given what is at stake, somewhere in all of this have wanted to believe there is a cunning plan for Britain’s future. That or baldrick himself is determining the Governments strategy for brexit. Think it’s now pretty clear the latter is in fact the case…. #brexithaos 
NEWS! Noel Edmonds appointed Deal or No Deal Brexit Minister  
EU27 consultations. In The Hague today. Very good meeting with PM @markrutte: thank you for your warm support! Unity and mutual trust will be key in approaching the second phase of negotiations and moving forward. #Brexit  
Brexit: What the Hell Happens Now? being promoted in the Colombian press.  
I take no pleasure in saying I can't vote for @jeremycorbyn. You may be a man of principle. You won hearts & minds in 2017, but, now you need to wake up.Do you honestly think your popularity is growing still? Their is a growing number against #brexit. Wake up. 
But what is the darker heart of David Davis’s letter is that he appears to be saying that, by taking sensible precautions, the EU is revealing Brexit for the clusterfuck it will be in every sector too soon and we need to spin it so that business gets angry at them rather than us. 
Today @IanBlackfordMP hosted a cross-party summit on protecting jobs and living standards after #Brexit – Labour chose not to come. Here’s why staying in the Single Market is important:  
And me, Brexit has nothing to do with the will of the people it has much more to do with keeping them in line, in the red, and poverty. It's about making money mountains for the wealthy Tory cronies, and in cue like fashion by crashing £ whilst crashing out.. 
I'm at a genuine loss as to why Scottish Nationalists believe Sturgeon has a hope in hell of holding another referendum before Brexit.Catalonia has wiped any chance of a Holyrood led vote. 
A small, but real victory for decency and liberal values. And remember - we did it, Twitter folk.So when someone tells you not to bother fighting brexit here on Twitter - "echo chamber, liberal elite, out of touch blah blah blah" Just say these two words: Toby Young  
Great to meet with @vincecable, @IanBlackfordMP and @LSRPlaid to discuss our common goal of making 2018 the year we stop a disastrous Tory Brexit.  
Jeremy Corbyn is 'empty-chaired' at SNP-led Brexit summit 
Credit to @Grouse_Beater for this one but here is the voting record of Corbyn on the EU - I repeat once again if you think Corbyn will help stop BREXIT you are wrong...Corbyn is not and never will be the answer!  
Do the EU want to punish the UK for leaving? Here is what they really think of Brexit.  
A significant number of remainers gifted their vote to Labour in the last GE in order to thwart an extreme Brexit strategy.Labour have not recognised this and continue to ignore us.I for one will not do this again.#FBPE #StopBrexit #brexit  
Dear @jeremycorbyn here’s a handy wee thing for you. Maybe your lack of understanding of the single market is why you have not turned up to the cross party meeting on Brexit today with @IanBlackfordMP Maybe this will help you understand.  
The UK's Right-Wing Press controls Tory policy. Theresa May needs to consult with Paul Dacre before she makes a move... this isn't democracy...Brexit wasn't democratic #StopBrexit #ToriesOut #CabinetReshuffle 
If the #Brexit Trade Bill passes as it is, we might as well get rid of Parliament. It lets ministers rewrite our laws to secure trade deals. So if a country wants us to water down rights protections, ministers can do it - totally cutting out Parliament  
 Oooh Jeremy Corbyn. Oooh Jeremy Corbyn Empty chaired after refusing to attend cross-party talks on Brexit - the biggest economic, diplomatic and political challenge of our time. Labour just isn’t up to it.  
Why don’t they all just shuffle off? @RSylvesterTimes great piece in Times on the integrity/domestic policy/Brexit plan vacuum that is the Tory party.  
Important decision by Scottish Parliament cross-party committee that it will not recommend legislative consent for UK Brexit legislation. Westminster will need to amend  #Brexit  
I think it’s fair to say that Labour and it’s branch office in Scotland are now full supporters of a Tory hard Brexit. No single market, no freedom of no movement just economic and cultural isolation on this island. 
With Corbyn re-emphasising his idiotic case for hard Brexit, Labour Remainers have no option but to support the LibDems or Greens in the upcoming local elections.  
》Jeremy Corbyn has insisted that the UK cannot remain in the single market after Brexit.》Norway, Switzerland, Iceland and Liechtenstein prove the opposite.》Jeremy Corbyn is a liar. 
Labour's Brexit Strategy:"Well...have you seen these Tories? We want a transitional deal."*turns to UKIP voters in Labour heartlands*"But we won't stay in the SM."*turns to everyone else*"We'll fight a Tory cliff-edge Brexit!"*turns back to the UKIP voters**winks* 
I couldn’t agree more. Brexit is just too big and important.  Future generations will not forgive us if we allow simple party loyalty to cloud the issue. Nothing matters except #StopBrexit #WeAreEurope #FBPE 
Brighton & Hove council are the first to call for a referendum on the final deal, saying "Brexit will be a disaster for the city" we need more to follow, keep the pressure on at local level -  #StopBrexit #FBPE @BHforEU #brexit #brighton 
Jacob Rees-Mogg describes Cameron's attempt to spin a pre-referendum renegotiated deal with the EU as "Bogus" & "A Sham" ... Now that's how I want a @Conservative leader to talk.#Brexit #Brexiteers 
Err... The real damage is being caused by the government's dogmatic, short sighted and insane insistence upon Brexit, Jezza. Sound familiar?  
Another bright spot this morning. The online petition, the outrage (on Twitter!) have got this appalling creature sacked. Think of all the brexit elite who loudly supported him. And then tell me who's out of touch. The brexit elite, or us?   
Anyone whose been paying attention will.know this has been the plan all along. Stall the negotiations, blame Europe, flounce away, go to WTO rules. Then the billionaires bankrolling Brexit get precisely what they want...You getting it yet? 
Meanwhile, in the ongoing series "Jeremy Corbyn cunningly thwarts wicked Tory Brexit by agreeing verbatim with Tory lines on Brexit."  
Nigel Farage, the real Prime Minister, delighted that his deputy Mrs May’s authority further weakened. While she was unable to sack failing Health & Transport Secretaries, he was negotiating the Brexit deal in Brussels with Michel Barnier #UKIPgovernment 
I'm so tired of people religiously supporting leaders and parties, while ignoring fundamental flaws in their policy making. Leaders and parties can make all the promises they like, but Brexit will destroy them. It is conning people in the same way as the £350m bus did. 
Davis's extraordinary, bizarre letter complains that EU acting as if UK will be "third country" after Brexit day. It will. Brexit means Brexit.  
The time for political tribalism is over.  It can come back when the stakes are small again. Now it is our urgent duty to save the country by supporting & voting only for anti-Brexit candidates, and speaking out that we are doing so. Cold reality demands it.  
I’ve noticed Corbyn supporters have taken to defending his silence on Brexit and Iran by arguing “he’s not in power, what can he do?” Oh, my apologies. I could’ve sworn that his position was Leader of the Opposition. I guess he’s not being paid £129,500 to do that job either. 
Brexit latest: Let the EU think we're prepared to walk away with no deal so they will take us more seriously. When the EU make preparations for the no deal exit we've warned them about we will spit our dummy out. Good scoop this. Hope it gets the attention it deserves.  
SKINT: Juncker & Co. ponder EU budget hole after Britain’s departure. No wonder they want that big fat Brexit bill!  
Embarrassing Phone Calls:May "I'm going to have a minister for no deal"A: "You mean no deals as in Liam Fox?"May: "No, a Brexit No Deal Minister"A: "We have ministers for no NHS, No Housing & No Money, so it can be done"May: "Not funny"A: "Yes Prime Minister"#FBPE 
Davis was warned several times by devolved administrations (and many others) about the decline in business confidence because of lack of information and the clear evidence that even the mention of a #Brexit no deal was damaging.  He and rest of @GovUK ignored us. 
The UK complaining, and even considering legal action before the ECJ, because EU27 are taking both Article 50 and "no deal" seriously is perhaps the most daft Brexit development yet. Just what did UK expect? 
There will be a chair waiting for Corbyn this morning as opposition leaders meet for single market summit. If Labour fail to work with others to oppose Tory hard brexit it is an abdication of responsibility, a failure to best protect jobs and prosperity. #Brexit 
Boris Johnson (can't be bothered to read his brief about UK citizens wrongly imprisoned abroad) keeps his job. David Davis (misled MPs over existence of Brexit impact analysis) keeps his job. Justine Greening sacked.Double standards reshuffle. 
Journos again pretending May's govt can achieve something other than Brexit, even theoretically. It can't. And it will fail at that. 
Important development on #Brexit - this is a cross-Party Scottish Parliament Committee unanimously standing up for devolution powers  
And so begins another year in Brexit politics at the very bottom of the rabbit hole. Level up, @DExEUgov. Time to tell some hard truths about what Brexit really means.  
PM: Jeremy, I don't want you to be Health Secretary anymore.Hunt: How about I stay & get Social Care too?PM: OK then.This is the PM who is in charge of Brexit, the most important negotiations in modern British history. 
Nicola Sturgeon has not ruled out a second independence referendum taking place THIS year. 
Oh dear... Tony Blair launches campaign to avoid #Brexit and Corbyn defends a  hard Brexit and gets closer to the Tories. There is no hope for the United Kingdom, no matter what the #UKLabour Party does. Hopeless. Scotland, wake up! 
Came to the UK on the back of a lorry. Plotted ISIS-style terror attack.Brexit Britain urgently needs stronger borders.  
Time to get rid of Tory-supporting Brexiter Corbyn. A disgrace to the Labour tradition. “Jeremy Corbyn insists UK cannot remain in single market after Brexit  
The Finance and Constitution Committee will not recommend consent to the EU Withdrawal Bill in its current form.  The committee is unable to recommend legislative consent to the Bill unless Clause 11 is replaced or removed.  Find out more  #Brexit pic.twitter.com/NQ6vYHzk7b 
This is remarkable, even by Brexit standards.Davis complaining that EU preparing for No Deal.Davis complaining UK to be treated as "third country" by EU.Davis even considering legal action.What di he expect? All follow from Article 50 notification.  
You couldn't make this Brexit stuff up. They're killing satire  
This letter from DD to Theresa May wasn't meant to fall into our hands...In it DD fulminates about Brussels preparing for a "no deal" Brexit - and how damaging it would be for UK business - even as his dept does the same  
Jean-Claude Juncker: There will be no second EU referendum  
READ | Come on Corbyn! Take a step further, get your party in line and make a success of Brexit.  
Poor Nicola. Still unable to comprehend that the only Brexit we voted for is a complete Brexit. Terms like ‘hard’ and ‘soft’ are meaningless. Rather like the SNP.  
The same can be said of the opposition, which needs renewal. When opposition no longer challenges the madness of Brexit, and ignores its own majority clamouring to stay in the single market and customs union, it is time to #ThinkAgain#FBPE 
If this government was in anyway serious about #Brexit then Jacob Rees-Mogg will be offered a ministerial appointment and prefably at negotiation level but I seriously doubt it.  
Chaos in Labour again last night, as they voted against UK having post-Brexit Trade Preferences (tariff free access for developing countries) & against UK having Trade Remedies (defence of our industries vs dumping & subsidies). No wonder up to 40 Labour MPs simply disappeared.  
Ffs. David Davis is the embodiment of irony. A shameless buffoon wrapped up in embarrassment and disguised as incompetent charlatan. He is bereft of a clue, leading us over a cliff whilst dancing the Brexit happy dance to the Benny Hill Theme Tune. https://t.co/1U7jUQTDTI?amp=1 
A minister for #NoDeal on #Brexit???  It would complete the set ...#toriesout #StopBrexit #reshuffle #Remain #Brexitshambles #EU #FBPE 
It is time for @UKLabour members &. MPs to flex their muscles & demand a policy change from their leadership to oppose #Brexit.  
#BrexitNews UK: We'll just walk away with no deal. It's better than a bad deal.EU: OKUK: We've appointed a Minister for No Deal Brexit... we mean business.EU: OK, we'd better plan what we'll do in that event. UK: You absolute bastards. You can't just walk away, it's not fair 
Corbyn insists UK cannot remain in single market after BrexitComments reported here factually wrong on two counts: single market is club we could join without EU membership; gaining benefits without membership is not an optionCorbyn feels out of touch 
That moment you realise your political game has terrible, real-world consequences.Yes, the harm being caused to UK by Brexit is very real @DavidDavisMP. You know this. Do the decent thing & argue to revoke A50 NOW.Every second you don't harms your country more, & more, & more.. 
Spanish bank eyes post-Brexit HQ in London | @BloombergAlantra Partners is considering moving its Headquarters from Madrid to London in a bet the U.K. capital will remain the center of European business & finance even after Brexit. #DespiteBrexit  
The UK's Brexit secretary is criticising the EU for planning for a no-deal Brexit, even though the British government has done similar planning of its own  
I very much welcome interim report from @SP_FinCon - part of busy #Brexit day ahead....MSPs: EU Withdrawal Bill 'incompatible with devolution' - BBC News  
Wolff: Trump could nix post-Brexit trade deal if he isn’t invited to royal wedding.  
German regulator makes flexible pitch to lure banks after Brexit  
After a year dominated by Brexit, elections and Donald Trump - we need a bit of light reliefSo. You can vote for my game of 'IKEA or Cheese' with @Swannyg66 as 'Best News Moment, Interview or Debate' at the Global Awards(P.S. If it actually wins, my bosses will be livid  ) 
Actually, Doris Burke was promoted because of her knowledge of Brexit.  
Theresa May starts new political year with shake-up of her Cabinet, seeking to bolster her authority ahead of crucial new phase in Brexit negotiations.  
Dear Hindus,Lord Desai coming to Jammu all the way from London at the behest of @MehboobaMufti to advocate referendum is a very serious development.What was even more questionable was the fact that J&K GUV Vohra presided overy the event.@narendramodi 
Shocking, outrageous, disgustingIn Jammu University, which had been fighting Kashmir secessionism since 1969, Mr Desai preaches referendum.and came all the way from London to preach referendum.#JagoHinduJago आप के साथ कोई नही। सब उनके साथ हैं।जागो। 
David Davis complains the damage caused to the UK's interests by Brexit will done earlier than it should be.  
Seen some local signage calling for voters to have #FinalSay on Brexit. Been there for months.Lately, whenever I ecounter it it's suddenly been defaced.@Andrew_Adonis is right. The Brexiters are scared. They know an informed vote would swing to #Remain and #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Godzilla visits Brexit Britain.  
Howard-Suamico School District referendum will ask for $5.85 million per year for 5 years.  
I support Biafra referendum!  #SupportBiafraReferendumThe call for referendum is not a call for war!Let's simply test the popularity of 'one Nigeria' through the ballot paper and not through the barrel of the gun!Picture credit: Kalu Nwokoro Idika of Family Writers Press  
UKgovt now complaining that EU is making contingency planning for a no deal #brexit. Seriously you couldn’t make this up. UK so confident in no deal scenario that they are scared that EU planning for it is impacting UK business  
Essential reading: @Moonalice, an early mentor to Mark Zuckerberg, tells how Facebook, Google, Brexit and the US election were manipulated by the Russians - and how to stop it happening again.  
This is what representatives of the EU27 countries really think of Brexit:It’s been mis-sold on a “fantasy” and “delusion” that can’t be delivered. But they also say we can revoke Article 50 and #Remain.This will be the year we #StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
A damned shame @Andrew_Adonis could not run for @UKLabour leader.Keep fighting #Brexit. #Remain #EU. #stopbrexit #ExitBrexit #RevokeA50. #FBPE 
Is it Brexit they want to thwart, or Corbyn’s chance to become Prime Minister?By me  via @thepileus 
UK bid to remain in EU medicines agency after Brexit  UK would "remain under EU regulation" for medicines post-Brexit. However, the regulations state you MUST be a member of the EU... Another example of Mrs May's 'we can always opt back in' delusion? 
And so shall it continue Mr McDonnell @johnmcdonnellMP as long as you & Mr Corbyn @jeremycorbyn stand on the sideline & do sod all. By your lack of opposition and aiding & abetting the Tories on Brexit you are as bad as they are. You are the worst opposition in living memory.  
NEWSFLASH!!It is the Tories that called the EU ref, it is the Tories that are negotiating (word used very loosely there) Brexit. So stop the Corbyn bashing.The only way any votes can go through to lighten the way brexit is achieved is by TORY MPS REBELLING. Focus on that. 
If you voted Labour thinking they were anti Brexit, you might want to read this and join @libdems. 
Was this then a purge? I bet she scared the hell out of the PM and the Brexit Ultras! 22/22 
It beggars belief that anyone can believe that leaving the EU for the unbridled capitalist competition of the global marketplace will result in a more socialist Britain. #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit #CorbynOut 
*Brexit Explained*  
A clinical breakdown of Jeremy Corbyn's absurd approach to Brexit. He is playing games with the many, not the few.  
BREXIT: Plaid Cymru to vote down latest Brexit Bill / #Brexit #Wales #StopBrexit 
Wow. Reality, meet the Brexit Secretary.  
At least this makes it clear Corbyn is after a harmful hard Brexit too. If you are for a strong welfare state you cannot vote Labour. Sigh.   
Basically: the EU is actually getting on and doing #Brexit.Davis meanwhile is only just waking up to what it practically means.  
A powerful image from Snowdonia. An EU flag pinned to an empty board in Wales, defiant and proud. Brexit will fail because our will is stronger #FBPE Planted for Will Cousins of @Open_Britain RIP. X 
UK exports in 2016 ($billion):India 4.5Australia 5.4Canada 6.3Japan 6.6China 18.3US 62.3EU 203.2Tariffs, customs, barriers against their main trading partner are what British people have voted, that’s what they’ll get.Enjoy Brexit! pic.twitter.com/l7YrDK5cOH 
Oi, @jeremycorbyn! You're wrong mate. Not only can the UK stay in Single Market and the Customs Union, it damned well should, for it's own best interests. Start killing #Brexit and you'll be PM. Let Brexit happen and you won't. It's that simple.  
No wonder this letter was leaked.  And look at the hopeless response proposed on page 2: (1) ask businesses to lobby the Commission and (2) co-ordinate Govt depts.  What did Mr. Davis think Brexit would involve - oh yes, he thought we'd be able to get a trade deal with Germany!!!  
Corbyn still chasing hard Brexit. Rendering his entire manifesto largely undeliverable due to economic ruin. What a bizarre policy for a Labour Party to hold  
Still peddling the ridiculous oxymoron ‘jobs-first Brexit’. So all options are no longer on the table, after Keir Starmer two weeks ago said they were?? Mixed messages, confusion & delusion abound.    
Absolutely right and what our  manifesto said last year.Jeremy Corbyn insists UK cannot remain in single market after Brexit , 
Surely time to ditch Tory Hard Brexit in favour of the far superior although identical Labour Hard Brexit. 
German minister says Brexit voters don't understand what sovereignty means'How foocking thick does he think we are?  
There's a concerted effort to try and enlist Labour remainers to the Tory cause.  The #FBPE has been hijacked.  If they split Labour by getting people to vote LibDem or Green, they will get their Hard Brexit handed to them on a plate.  
David Cameron 'feared being ousted' if he failed to commit to Brexit referendum . What a heavy cost Cameron has inflicted on his own country to try to save his own neck from the dysfunctional Tory Right Wing. Now we must Stop Brexit.#FBPE 
Those looking for Brexit pain should look away now.Ford just asked the UK to build diesel engines for its best-selling trucks  via @CityAM 
Just thinking before I start reading politicians said ppl would get used to leaving and accept it but the opposite is happening ppl are getting more angry I think with brexit. The FBPE is causing a stir in Labour I bet they thought it would die down. #FBPE 
More than 75 per cent of Swiss voters would vote to ban the #burqa, a new representative study reveals. Switzerland will hold a referendum on the ban next year.  
So why did @ChukaUmunna fkiuncebiut if the Parliamentary Labour Party meeting tonight. Brexit not going his way 
In the last months there have been major developments in North Africa, the Middle East and Eastern Europe that will affect UK stability and security. But instead UK media and politicians sit around arguing in an endless Brexit loop as the world changes around them. 
3) consider what Davis is asking here - the EU should pretend in its advice to business & the EU countries that everything is going to be OK & there'll be no disruption...Whilst Brexit leaders (& newspapers) demand that we walk away if we don't get our way.It's just bizarre 
Or a Brexit secretary who can't say whether he has or has not prepared for the biggest economic shake up in this country's post-war history. 
Jeremy Corbyn insists UK cannot remain in single market after Brexit - This is simply not true!!!  
That'll be the same @DavidDavisMP who said that Britain was prepared to walk away without a #Brexit deal.Looks like the bluffer's bluff has been well and truly called...  
A 2014 #indyref No vote led to Scotland being dragged out of the EU against its decisive will (62:38). Any grownup unionism would start by taking some responsibility & showing some humility for this #Brexit clusterfuck.  
Half of British voters say May is incapable of getting the right Brexit deal - ORB poll - only half ? @UKIPNFKN @nickreeves9876 @BrexitBin @dontbrexitfixit @JamesMelville @JeanneBartram @EUflagmafia @eurosluggard @Rachael_Swindon @BremainInSpain @Mcr4EU 
Corbyn's policy is to stay in the single market for two years after Brexit. Corbyn's policy is also that it is impossible to stay in the single market after Brexit.  
Please follow this thread carefully. We are getting increasing orchestrated attacks on Corbyn from #FBFE followers. Attacks that are out of context considering who got us in the Brexit mess in the first place. Be wary. I'm a remainer, but this lot have an agenda #pcpeu 
Well done for showing a bit of spine. Now please join the fight against the ludicrous Brexit your old boss is doing  
Didn’t know this. Brexit Britain needs WTO but Trump is quietly wrecking the WTO - -by @gideonrachman Donald Trump and Brexit are no longer identical twinshttps://www.ft.com/content/214ca7da-f455-11e7-88f7-5465a6ce1a00 
Either Corbyn lacks basic understanding of the EU or he’s being disingenuous. Either way, this is patently untrue. Corbyn is shoehorning is into a hard Brexit. It’s complete madness.What more evidence do people need? #StopBrexit https://t.co/ak09dKk2p7?amp=1 
I am Labour. I am not lost. The @Conservatives are in Government. #Brexit belongs to them. It is their mess. @UKLabour were elected on a manifesto pledge of respecting the referendum.Their vote share and number of seats increased. I trust @jeremycorbyn & @Keir_Starmer. 
If no-one really believed the claim about the £350m for the NHS why did it feature so prominently in the Brexit propaganda?   
In the leaked letter Davis warns the PM that the EU's preparations for no-deal Brexit are likely to cause companies to relocate to the continent...  
'Barnier literally stiffened up & said NO!'Barnier asked how Britain’s services will be incorporated into #Brexit deal“British Govt has given a hell of a lot already.It’s now time for Barnier to give something.He wasn’t in that mood this morning”#EU 
Jeremy Corbyn insists UK cannot remain in single market after Brexit. Honestly, I despair @campbellclaret 
Norway, Iceland & Liechtenstein are all part of the single-market but not EU members, @jeremycorbyn. Not looking like those 6 @UKLabour Tests for Brexit are being met Jezza.Ready to listen to what most of your party wants & #StopBrexit yet?#FinalSay 
Well, according to a letter from Davis to May (leaked to FT) they are now consulting lawyers about EU's own contingency preparations for a no-deal Brexit. Here's the scoop. 
This is a. Bullshit b. A dead fucking giveaway.Brexit is a Tory misadventure through and through, but right now LABOUR are the party that’s gonna make it happen  
Remember all the times that ministers told us they were making contingency preparations for no-deal Brexit, setting aside £3bn and appointing a no-deal minister etc...? 
David Davis attacks EU’s ‘damaging’ no-deal Brexit planning  
Public service announcement. To all >68% @UKLabour #remain voters. The time is fast approaching when you will *have* to decide what is best for our country1. Follow your leader and support the #tories #brexit2. Elect new leader and force the #stopbrexit#fbpe 
There was no immediate EU referendum on the cards in 2014 #indyref. No made case voting for indy put Scotland out of EU; some sort of apology for this position would be helpful & long overdue. 
I will not vote for any party that supports or enables Brexit.I've (for now) become a one issue voter#Remain #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Corbyn rejects single market again. So Labour keeps backing hard brexit - betrayal of Labour's pro-European history 
Minister for ‘No Deal Brexit’ announced  
@Anna_Soubry @sarahwollaston @BenPBradshaw   Now you are free, Justine, why not tell the British people the truth about "brexit" , namely that it comes from gerrymandering and foreign subversion of British democracy to damage the EU and the UK , and it MUST now be stopped. 
Prominent UK Rights Activist Urges UN To Organise Referendum In Southern Cameroons.Jackie Fearnly, a...  
Cabinet depatures:McCloughlin: RemainBrokenshire: RemainGreening: RemainGreen: RemainSo cabinet size is up one tonight, and up a Brexit voice around the table.  
Do that by opposing brexit! Don't let our weak PM destroy the real opportunities of EU membership for everyone! Country not Party!! 
Stop playing games Jeremy & make a stand against this Tory brexit madness. Get a backbone & lead Labour as an effective opposition party & turn this country back to it's pre-referendum world status & not this embarrassing little island that UKIP & the Tories have made it! 
if greening is a tory who votes for tory policies, what does that make a labour leader who votes for tory brexit at every opportunity he gets? 
."Brexiters can’t hide our steep fall from the top of the G7 growth league before the referendum, to bottom of it now, as the eurozone & global economy lift off WITHOUT us. ". 
The A509 Derby is my personal favourite.It's where a load of donkeys race through the streets of Milton Keynes. It's like a more Brexit version of Pamplona. 
Has the balance shifted in the cabinet from a mix of #Remain and #Brexiteers with the resignations of Greening, Fallon and Green? Is this a sign the the #Tories are moving their stance towards hard #Brexit?This reshuffle is a wake-up call to those who want to #stopbrexit.#FBPE 
Day 8 China :Today president @EmmanuelMacron meets president xijiping.. most important moment since De Gaulle meets Mao in 1964.. because of @realDonaldTrump, Brexit, climate change, new technology FRANCE and China never had so many opportunities to establish a clever alliance 
#Skypapers Kevin rolling eyes  Maguire on talk his usual bollocks. Get ready doom & gloom non stop. Brexit bashing & Donald Trump bashing. Biggest bore on Skypapers. Maguire backed stay in EU lost, Labour lost Hillary Clinton lost. Couldn’t back winner of a walkover.  
#Corbyn, determined to go down in history as a chief handmaiden of #Brexit.  
This is awkward.Despite being absolutely flabbergasted that the UK government has undertaken no Brexit impact assessment, it appears the SNP has undertaken no Scottish Independence impact assessment.  
So Theresa May is seriously planning for a no-deal, cliff edge Brexit.What a relief that Her Majesty's Loyal Opposition supported that recent amendment guaranteeing a ref on the negotiations result with an option to Remain!Oh ... #StopBrexit 
We require a brand new immigration system post-Brexit that admits only the brightest and most skilled workers. 
Could the government's loss be soft Brexit Tories' gain?  
Greening's departure could well be bad news for Govt's Brexit majority - an impassioned Remainer in a marginal seat that voted heavily to Remain. A new mutineer?  
Sounds like Corbyn is just recycling the drivel that's been peddled by some right-wing Brexiters that being in the Single Market means being in the EU. #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit  
Having shown spine in refusing to be part of @theresa_may musical chairs game let’s hope she shows more of it in fighting Brexit 
@JustineGreening   Perhaps Justine will now tell the people that "brexit" is simply crackpot nonsense, procured by foreign interests to damage the UK and the EU, and that it must be stopped. She would feel so much better, if she simply now told everyone the truth. 
New research exposes co-ordinated troll and bot activity on Reddit which shows disinformation efforts specifically targeted both Trump and Brexit votes, as well as other European elections.Me via @Byline_Media 
."For what worries me most is the chilling vision we now have of what the Tories have in store for post-Brexit Britain.". 
You’re shitting it because you know people are changing their minds now it’s apparent what a disaster Brexit actually is. Oh and you’re a fucking Nazi. 
A Guardia Civil colonel, condemned for tortures and pardoned by Aznar, threatens the voters of October 1st referendum in Catalonia: "we are going door by door".  
Theresa May: "The Poor Could Be Used As Ethernet Cables After Brexit" #TheresaMay 
What's the betting that while some Labour people are telling us that Corbyn is a Remainer, some others are assuring Leavers that he's a Brexiter. Chaos or conspiracy? Who knows?#FBPE #StopBrexit #Brexit 
Funny how the liberal Left have stayed silent over demands by the people of Iran for democracy and self-determination in their country, a state that hangs gays. The same liberal Left who've been so demonstrative in demanding a stop to Brexit, a thoroughly democratic decision. 
Each Sec of State should follow Gove’s lead. Identify 2/3 strategic goals in their department - one has to be focused on delivering Brexit in their specific brief and all have to be media friendly - and focus attention on delivering those at all costs. 
.@ChukaUmunna had the chance to win the leadership. He gave in.He then spent his time attacking @jeremycorbyn. If it wasn’t for the likes of Mr.Umunna, @UKLabour would be in power now leading the Brexit negotiations. @UKLabour’s manifesto RESPECTED the referendum result. 
Nigel Farage - "The British Government has given a hell of a lot already. It’s now time for Barnier to give something. He wasn’t in that mood this morning." #Brexit  
Maybe Greening should be put in charge of Brexit negotiations. 
."Britain to push to remain under Brussels supervision - after warning that tens of millions will have to be diverted from developing new drugs to cope with Brexit.". 
I'm arguing the point as a Remain voter. The EU was pretty irrelevant to me as a political issue before the referendum - now it's pretty near the top. The one thing I'll say for Brexit, is that it's caused me to learn a lot more about how the EU and the UK are actually run! 
.@Nigel_Farage reveals more about his Brexit meeting with Michel Barnier live from Brussels. Watch below:  
- Prime Minister, our negotiating position is always weak because the EU don’t think anyone would be stupid enough to walk away with no deal.- Well I’ll show them! Take this down: “Minister for No Deal Brexit”. Does that sound stupid enough for you?  
Tweeting from inside Iran, filmmaker Jafar Panahi – who has been banned for 20 years from directing or scripting movies, called for a national referendum in which people could vote ‘yes’ or ‘no’ to an Islamic Republic.READ MORE AT:  
UK Government Ministers looking increasingly worried as @KirstySNP lays out detail on a range of trade issues in Taxation (Cross-border Trade) Bill. #Brexit a huge risk to the economy, staying in Customs Union would at least help mitigate. 
FFSWolff: Trump could nix post-Brexit trade deal if he isn’t invited to royal wedding. 
EU would help UK abandon Brexit if country changed its mind, says @ChukaUmunna And polls show a majority now want to Remain and a majority think Brexit a mistake.So let’s #StopBrexit and #Remain. #FBPE. 
"Nothing has changed. We still have a hapless Prime Minister and an incompetent government, dragging the country towards a destructive Brexit." @amcarmichaelMP #cabinetreshuffle 
Brexit Boosting Corporation.Summary of Farage's meeting with Barnier:NF: Do you even know why people voted Brexit?MB: Yes, you and your cohorts lied.Correct, Monsieur Barnier. 
Are any of my followers:- UK citizens living in Germany- Who work as teachers- Employed as “Beamter”, not “Angestellter”If so I’d be very keen to hear from you - in light of this:RTs most welcome#Brexit 
Bank eyes shock move to LONDON: European investment firm give BACKING to Brexit Britain  
UK exports in 2016: ($bn)India 4.5Australia 5.4Japan 6.6Canada 6.3China 18.3US 62.3EU 203.2Spot the problem. #Brexit 
Juncker's wine glass replaced by Begging Bowl !#Brexit will leave #EU with massive £11 Billion financial hole & now not enough "to fund major ambitions of Europe, like joint European defence policy"All "very difficult when a net contributor leaves us" 
Although appointment of Essex Man @BrandonLewis as Tory Chairman & Foriegn Office man (ex Hurd adviser & Europe Minister) David Lidington as Cabinet Office Brexit fixer could be significant 2/3 
Is someone who can be out-negotiated by Jeremy Hunt really going to get a great Brexit deal?  
Juncker calls on EU countries to make up Brexit hole in its budget  
Do you want a second EU referendum?#Brexit 
Bank eyes shock move to LONDON: European investment firm give BACKING to Brexit Britain  
Brussels feels Brexit pinch: Juncker begs EU27 for MORE MONEY to fund European project  
From teachers in Germany to hauliers in the UK, via my own job aspirations - why UK should remain in the EU. Even now.Blog postFeat. tweets from @kirschly @sikorskiradek @DenisMacShane @fromTGA#Remain #Brexit 
#Brexit has caused untold harm to the wellbeing of #EUcitizens in the UK. Shall we record the impact so we can provide evidence? If enough EU citizens want to participate, I’l give it some more thought. If you’d provisionally want to share your experiences, hit LIKE & PlLEASE RT 
Pleased to be at @UniStrathclyde to launch E-Book on Teaching European Law : as #Brexit unfolds actually an increased need for lawyers knowledgable about these issues 
Irish newspapers cover this, while UK ones remain silent about another big potential #brexit problem:  
According to David Davis "There are no downsides to Brexit". Yes there are, and we're paying for all of them. There are no upsides to Brexit. #stopbrexit #Remain #StopBrexit2018 #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
I agree. Humphrys (along with Marr & Neil) is on £650K a year to spout unbridled bias in favour of Brexit within an organisation that is legally obligated to ensure its presenters are impartial. BBC should get rid or ensure anti-Brexit presenters are also given a voice  
If Labour adopts an anti-Brexit Policy it loses votes in its northern heartlands which voted leave. If it adopts a pro-Brexit Policy it loses votes in metropolitan areas. That’s why they’re attempting to fudge the issue.  
If at the end of this process when we see what Brexit looks like, can we choose to change our minds? EU governments I've spoken to say we could:  
A Cabinet Reshuffle that ends up keeping Ministers & renaming Ministries gives me hope that Theresa May will end up doing a Brexit that keeps UK membership & renames the European Union. 
Hang on. Jeremy Hunt is now in charge of Health AND Social Care? Are they trying to let him kill as many of the population as possible pre Brexit? 
Please don't go! You are a voice to be reckoned with & always a welcome read.Personally I'm not at all convinced that Brexit will happen but whatever the outcome, the fight continues. Agree completely about fighting for our rights - they have not been agreed & mustn't be removed  
Jean-Claude Juncker said the #EU need to deal with “the loss of an important significant number of billion euros... Don’t believe those who say that Brexit is not going to happen and that people have realised their error in the UK, I don’t think that is going to be the case.” 
In 2018 I Hope The Masks Drop And People See The Real Agenda Behind #Brexit  
Leave wouldn’t have won the EU referendum without the £350m NHS pledge by @vote_leave, according to @ChukaUmunna in our latest #BrexitBreakdown podcast  @BorisJohnson @michaelgove 
Given what a pig's breakfast Mrs M is making of this Cabinet reshuffle, I'm sure we can be utterly confident that she'll make a great job of Brexit. 
This is a "reshuffle" in the same way that the cabinet is "making a success of Brexit" 
He made the deals with Labour leaders in city govt that paved way for the mayoral systems emerging. Persuaded Nissan and other car manufacturers that they shouldn’t fear Brexit. Greg Clark is no liability.  
Co-Chair of our APPG @ChukaUmunna has met with national leaders across Europe and found that they see the Brexit negotiations as little more than a damage limitation process - and are leaving the door open for us to stay if we decide to  
Juncker: Don't believe Brexit won't happen  
She’s absolutely right, no deal is unthinkable. No Brexit is by far the best option. Time to be honest with the voters @UKLabour and @Conservatives, Brexit is an absolute shambles and will make the majority in this country poorer. #ExitFromBrexit #Remain 
Some Labour people attack the LibDems for the coalition. But Corbyn's collusion with the Tories and the right wing press barons in support of #Brexit will be remembered as by far the greater betrayal.#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit 
Bank eyes shock move to LONDON: European investment firm give BACKING to Brexit Britain  
Good question but response from Ben Wallace is actually to defend the crazy idea of using volunteers in the Border Force.  The #Brexit farce clearly gaining pace for 2018…  
#cabinetreshuffle update:Vice chair for women - woman who believes women shouldn't have choiceGuy in charge of getting Brexit deal - man who believes no deal is fineForeign sec - man who regularly offends foreignersMan in charge of NHS - man who's done shit job of running NHS 
What has really undermined the Prime Minister in the Brexit negotiations? Here's what EU diplomats have been telling me:  
A further 250 Vauxhall Ellesmere Port job losses is another blow to a world class workforce. Whoever comes out as BEIS secretary after the reshuffle must send a clear signal to the car industry that the gov will do all that’s needed to support this crucial sector through Brexit. 
I joined #Labour b\c of @jeremycorbyn. Cancelled my membership last month b\c of Labour's #Brexit stance. As one of @The3Million I can't keep supporting a party that keeps supporting #Brexit. 
BBC giving Farage loads of coverage today. So he had a meeting with Barnier, was rude & got no where. A publicity stunt. The BBC interview and coverage is basically a Party Political Broadcast for Brexit. Quite disgraceful. Where is the airtime for Remainers to rubbish him.#FBPE 
Why should Barnier need to compromise Nigel? They need us more than we need them remember. Brexit is about trading with the big world. Move on.  
Worth pointing out that @theresa_may (Campaigned to Remain in the EU) has appointed @BrandonLewis (Campaigned to Remain in the EU) as the new Conservative Party Chairman. Yup. Brexit means Brexit ... coughs. 
I can't get my head around #Labour supporting #Brexit. Labour knows it will make us poorer - *us* being the many, not the few.So why is Labour going along with #Brexit instead of exposing it as a Tory Trojan horse for #disastercapitalism?We deserve a #FinalSay .@BarryGardiner 
Hearing that Labour is haemmoraging members again because of their Brexit position.The UK needs a strong Labour opposition, so for the love of all things holy, support a referendum and reap the rewards!#fbpe 
If the government doesn't take its Brexit agreement to a popular vote millions will fight back, warns @vincecable 
After observing the Tory #reshuffle today it's certainly a headscratcher why the Brexit talks are going so badly. 
If they're planning for all eventualities, where's our Minister for No Brexit? 
Do the EU want to punish the UK for leaving? Here is what they really think of Brexit.  
#BorisJohnson REMAINS as Foreign secretary.#DavidDavis REMAINS as #Brexit secretary.Consistent with the government's strategy of "I'm going to stick by a terrible decision in a misguided attempt to give it legitimacy."What was the point of the #cabinetreshuffle exactly?  
Still can’t forgive Cameron for getting us into this Brexit nightmare, nor May for not pointing out that the referendum result was more or less fifty/fifty and admitting that “the people” were divided in opinion. It all could have been different...#StopBrexit 
Friends! Change the world!So let us all now thank Our Gary and Our Celebrities generally for their wise words and actions over the past few years!After all, without them, Leave would have won the Referendum, Trump would be President, and Jeremy wouldn't be Our Prime Minister.  
Nonsense nothing to do with being stupid or thick; hate the terms. Deceived by liars & ideological charlatans yes. My option merely allows the Ppl a Democratic Binding #FinalSay to Confirm #Brexit or #StopBrexit & #Remain in 2018. It doesn't Thwart the Will it Confirms it. #FBPE 
Feels like a good day to remind everyone:--we're only Brexiting for political reasons-there is no economic case for Brexit*-Brexit is not inevitable; it can be stopped-we the people can have a #FinalSay(*only positive business case for #Brexit was comprehensively debunked)  
"The constructive ambiguity of the Labour Party’s position provides the Westminster Government with a silver platter on which the Tories are able to serve up a damaging and destructive #Brexit." - @JonathanPlaid  
Great visit to @BAESystemsAir in Brough today, meeting with @GMB_union & @unitetheunion reps, as well as seeing first hand the best of UK engineering in the Advanced Hawk. We need to protect over sovereign skills capabilities in a post Brexit world  
The EU would help the UK abandon Brexit if country changed its mind, says Chuka Umunna  
Don't miss our full interview with Scotland's First Minister @NicolaSturgeon at 10.30pm as we talk all things Brexit, health, budget and @realDonaldTrump #scotnight 
The government didn't expect to lose the Brexit vote. That's why neither they, nor anyone else, has the faintest idea what it's about. #dysbrexia 
Peter Stringfellow is calling for a second EU referendum and he thinks war criminal & traitor Tony Blair is "the man of the moment". He never was the sharpest knife in the kitchen, was he?   
I've been attacking Corbyn today, but we should not forget that he and his fellow Brexiters are a minority in Labour, and do not represent the party on #Brexit. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Ignore the doom-mongers. Brexit should be a cause for optimism, writes @RogerBootle #premium 
After Brexit, England will have to rethink its identity | Robert Winder  
Is it me ... or is the @BBC ignoring the public support for Jacob Rees-Mogg becoming leader of the @Conservatives ?It's like they don't want the @Conservatives to win the next election or something #Brexit #Brexiteers #LeaveEU #EUref 
If Mr Jacob Rees-Mogg is not offered a serious ministerial position in the current reshuffle, is it a signal the Prime Minister is out of touch with the popular mood in the country?#Brexit #reshuffle 
The problem with Jeremy Corbyn is not that he's left-wing. It's that on foreign policy issues including #Brexit, but also Ukraine and in his silence on Assad & Putin's crimes in Syria, he's too often siding with Putin and the far right.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
We have to financial gaps: 1. #Brexit 2. New priorities which come on top: #migration #defense #border control. I suggest to close gap 1. with 50% savings and 50% fresh money. 2. New prior: 20% reshifting, 80 % fresh money #EUBudget 
Until 2016 I’d never though of this country as corrupt. It’s a bit of a novelty. Theresa May to ‘create a dozen new peers to see through Brexit bill’  via @PoliticsHome 
Many who voted leave have changed their minds. The country remains divided and deserves the right to a final say #FinalSay. We were promised a successful smooth orderly Brexit. Nobody voted for a devastating No Deal Brexit. We need to know what lies on the other side of Brexit. 
I have to confess that seeing @Nigel_Farage back in the frontline, even briefly, is equivalent to at least another million leave votes. #ComeBackNigel #Brexit  
Egypt to have presidential 'elections' in 2 and a half months. I wonder if anyone will be allowed to run. So far 1 presumptive candidate put in prison. 1 dropped out after month of forced detention in hotel & 1 has pending trial that could disqualify him. Election or referendum?  
"Is it any wonder that we have an #NHS crisis when we have a population growing by half a million a year?" #NigelFarage continues to fight for a real #Brexit and control of our #borders. Spot on!    #BBC #SKY #UK #EU #TORY #NEWS 
"Don't believe those who say Brexit could be undone. I don't believe that. Our British friends will leave us on March 30, 2019," says @JunckerEU 
.@NGRPresident @MBuhari's poor handling of #FulaniHerdsmen Farmers Settlers crisis becomes a topic for the pulpit in some Nigerian Churches as fear over #NigeriaDecides2019 becoming a religious regional referendum gather momentum. Pastors mobile members to get @inecnigeria PVC. 
Great news. David Davis, who lied to the country about Brexit impact reports. #CabinetReshuffle 
The number saying they're NOT confident that TMay will get right Brexit deal now at 50% - highest yet - in ORB Brexit tracker  
You mean young people who have a such a tough time competing against EU migrants for work? Or selfish older people who were devastated about Brexit because “who will serve us in Pret..” or were worried about sourcing Tallegio after Brexit.  
“After meeting #askBarnier, .... #Farage said he was convinced that the Frenchman doesn’t understand why more than 17 million people voted for the U.K. to leave in the 2016 referendum.” Maybe that’s because 16,141, 241 voted to #remain pic/text-@Brexit 
David Lidington, the new Cabinet Office minister, believes that even big free trade deals with countries like United States, will not make up for the economic damage and "massive risk" of #Brexit.  
My vote,wife’s,sons,friends,people I talked to all voted leave. Only met 1 remain voter she 18 works in the local asked her why said didn’t understand why the vote was on and only ever known EU rule and you say Brexit voters thick! 
Theresa May's pitifully timid #CabinetReshuffle isn't even moving deckchairs on the Titanic, it's hesitantly moving a few towels on deckchairs as the ship heads towards the iceberg of Brexit. Too many people have too much on her for May to sack some appalling human beings  
David Lidington, the new senior UK Cabinet Office minister is no friend of #Brexit - check out this quote from 2016.  
Here’s why the House of Lords needs to be ABOLISHED, giving the money to the NHS and veterans.The everyday man and woman in the street is sick and tired of this unelected gravy train.  via @Your Brexit 
On the way the government is handling the Brexit negotiations:Approve: 37%Disapprove: 63%via @ORB_Int, 05 - 07 Jan 
Given how they have managed brexit for the benefit of their backbenches and not Britain think that message already out there tbh …  
If Jacob R-M has been ignored by our weak and feeble anti #brexit PM then this is a very bad sign for her commitment to obeying voters instruction to leave the failing #EU 
Philip Hammond must stop seeking to undermine Brexit at every turn! It is important that the whole Government is united behind delivering a clear break from Brussels. 
#ITALY: #NorthernLeague party vows to bring country out of the #Euro if it wins #election. It's likely to enter into #coalition with #Berlusconi's Forza Italia...another nail in the coffin for the #EU project!  #BBC #SKY @Conservatives @ConHome #Brexit 
Scottish Government to release post-Brexit economic impact predictions after UK Government fails to do so The SG leading the way in how to treat people with honesty and respect! 
This...does not bode well for a post-Brexit trade deal.  
The country *is* Remain now. All the recent polls confirm a majority to stay in EU at least as big as Leave's majority in the last referendum. So why does the government persist with Brexit. It's obviously not the will of the people. It's not even the will of Parliament. 
How the heck does Andrew Neil conduct interviews on Brexit then? 
My Brexit vote was not a protest vote. It was directed at leaving the EU and was exactly what I wanted to happen. How about you?  
Why Brussels isn’t buying May’s “no deal” Minister #brexit bluff. My latest.  
"If current negotiations are anything to go by, I will lose two-thirds of my livelihood at the very least because of Brexit."  
To the comfortably-off intellectual Mr. Grayling the issue of the day is always bloody #Brexit. To a dying pensioner waiting 4hrs in an ambulance for hospital treatment it's the state of the NHS under Tory austerity. So stick that in your philosophical pipe and smoke it.  
How do you know the reason(s) for how every single person voted. You couldn’t possibly. I voted remain. I also voted @UKLabour at the General Election. I know they respected the referendum result. I don’t feel betrayed by Labour. I’m angry at the @Conservatives. 
Very good and clear piece here. It's difficult to believe, from the way they are pursuing Brexit, that the government have really understood these crucial issues.  
My Brookings take on #Brexit.  The choice is not between "Canada" and "Norway". It is between "Norway" and no deal.  British public needs to better understand what has already been agreed. The Brexit options, explained  via @BrookingsInst 
Tories have appointed Ben Bradley as vice chair for youth. He recently admitted they're making up their Brexit policy as they go along....  
Corbyn stuck a knife into the back of the #Remain campaign 4 days before the vote, when he said nothing could be done to control immigration while in the EU.  When he could have easily referred to this:#StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE /1 
#Brexit will be a disaster for UK universities!Guess the number of UK Masters students in Economics with a BRITISH PASSPORT?Only 400 in the whole country!#FBPE #StopBrexit 
Brexit is now COSTING Britain £350m a week  via @LondonEconomic 
Corbyn is respecting the referendum result as stated in the manifesto.Vote against LAB you get Conservatives. History has proved this.LAB will rule for the many NOT the few.  
.@Nigel_Farage Mr Barnier clearly did not understand why Brexit happened  
EU’s budget crisis: European regions terrified of Brexit demand for compensation  
.@jeremycorbyn’s EU stance at the last General Election, where he INCREASED @UKLabour’s vote share and number of MPs, was to respect the referendum result. The result was: to leave. He will get my vote again. He is the only one we can trust to clean up the @Conservatives’ mess. 
It is curious that many of the Leavers, attracted by promises that #Brexit will make Britain 'great' again, hate the City of London which is by far Britain's greatest success on the global stage. #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit 
BBC News - Nicola Sturgeon: 'No Brexit preferable to no deal'  
.@NicolaSturgeon tells BBC radio's Good Morning Scotland programme that no deal on Brexit would be "unthinkable"  
New minister for no #Brexit has just entered 10 Downing Street #reshuffle 
Migration worries largely drove the Brexit vote; now the ebbing flow poses new problems  
No wonder @Theresa May’s struggling to negotiate #Brexit - she can’t even organise a re-shuffle... #cabinetreshuffle 
#bbcdpLabour spokesperson says they "respect the democratic process"Wah hah ha hahaThey overturned the 1979 Scottish Referendum Result by introducing a 40% rule after the resultThus denying Scotland a Parliament for 20 years  
The tragedy is Corbyn also adheres to May’s policy of spurning in reshuffles the best and brightest as they refuse to kowtow on Brexit. 
I dare you to find a more Brexit name than our former Tory mayor.  
Years working for NI Fisheries & being told by someone, who's probably never set eyes on a fishing boat, that Brexit will be bad for fishermen & they all regret their vote. FFS.   
This investment bank wants to move its HQ from Spain to London after Brexit  
FARAGE: Clear after meeting with EU’s Barnier that border controls haven’t even been discussed. Ending open borders should be the government’s top Brexit priority!   
I spoke with a number of political Dubliners in the fair city and it was striking how shocked they are at old-fashioned attitudes of some British elites towards Ireland. There's a generation there that's more distant from its history with Britain, but Brexit is changing opinions. 
"I'm hoping to get a few more cabinet positions in before the deadline today. Got a few promising opportunities lined up in Trade and Brexit."  
If you're in England and you don't vote Labour, who will you vote for? Think letting the Tories back in will help matters? Madness! Think the Lib Dems will have the power to affect Brexit? More madness! Only Labour can make the best of this balls-up. Wake up. 
Dear Leave Voters: We lost & I am over that bit!BUT.....I won't get over the complete hijack of all of our votes by #Tories to deliver a Brexit which will benefit the top 5% & consign the 95% of the rest of us to suffer for decades. So I want to #Remain with #ReformOfEU. #FBPE 
The Conservatives can't organise an accurate tweet about who they've appointed chairperson.But I'm sure Brexit will be a breeze. #cabinetreshuffle 
Tony Blair's advice to Labour: "Make Brexit the Tory Brexit. Make them own it 100%. Show people why Brexit isn’t and never was the answer."  
Brexit leader @Nigel_Farage Just joined us on Breitbart News Daily after meeting EU negotiator Barnier Who said Britain voted Brexit coz of lies, not sovereignty and/or immigration issues. Wow! 
#honestpoll Will Jeremy Corbyns EU stance stop you voting for him if a snap GE is called? Please #vote and #Retweet. Comments welcome.#brexit #remain #EUREF 
In the face of the “ongoing horror show” of Tories’ “inept and chaotic” #Brexit plans, indy must be an option.  
If the #Brexit Trade Bill passes as it is, we might as well do away with Parliament. Clause 2 lets ministers amend laws including the Equality Act and Modern Slavery Act with little or no parliamentary oversight, all in the name of trade. Our briefing:  
James Brokenshire resigns as Northern Ireland Secretary on health grounds, I wonder who Arlene Foster will appoint as his successor? 
Labour MP REVEALS his number one priority is to THWART Brexit 'over and over AGAIN' . Great news another Labour MP stands up for what is right a second referendum.We need more people like this.Stop Brexit.#FBPE 
"You spoke with Barnier about the technicalities of Brexit, in French?""Yes""What did he say?""He said he wasn't happy with Brexit, but he'd have to go along with it.""In French, how did he say it?""Ich nichten lichten." #Farage 
The US Commerce Secretary has said that to secure a free trade deal with the US, the UK must ditch European food safety laws on GM food and chlorinated chicken. Is this what you thought Brexit would mean?  #BrexitFacts 
Oh dear. Does @theresa_may really still believe that there's a #Brexit deal that works for ANY part of the UK, let alone all of it? Life must be good, dancing with those unicorns... #StopBrexit2018 
Nigel Farage “Logic says #EU should recognise sovereign democratic will of British people & respect it.“They don’t. Mr Verhofstadt... deplores the decision."Mr Juncker’s right-hand man, Martin Selmayr, said last week British people are stupid"#Brexit 
.@UKLabour have committed to rejecting a ‘No Deal’ #Brexit. This could mean the Government falls and we go to another General Election. In this scenario, #Brexit could be stopped & @jeremycorbyn could be PM. 
To the many excellent pro-EU people in Labour, it's time to stand up and campaign as loudly and forcefully as possible against Corbyn and his pro-Brexit policy. Some infighting in Labour will be as nothing compared to the damage #Brexit will do to the many.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Absolutely true....Nicola Sturgeon: 'No Brexit preferable to no deal' - BBC News  
.@Nigel_Farage looks extremely upset that @MichelBarnier didn't allow any cameras or any photos at there meeting. We all know Farage was there for a publicity stunt pure and simple and he didn't get it.#Brexit #StopBrexit #Remain #FBPE 
Does the #FBPE work?Just go to search and type in #FPBE and tap on TOP. I just did & I couldn't find one troll account trending & we're dominating the Brexit debate on nearly all the search terms. I also notice we reply more to Brexiteer postings. @JuliaHB1 must weep! 
Noone voted for a No-Deal Brexit - because it was never, ever broached as a possibility. There is simply no mandate for No Deal. Voters must therefore be given chance to vote on/decide between Deal on Offer, No Deal or No Brexit. 
How a third-century Roman soldier named Carausius was behind the first 'Brexit'  via @ConversationUK 
A reminder to some Leavers: It is a fundamental democratic right to oppose any policy no matter how it was arrived at. If you don't like that please consider moving to one of the many countries, Iran for example, where that right isn't respected. #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit 
Well, no #Brexit would be preferable to any kind of Brexit, actually @NicolaSturgeon #StopBrexit2018 
Scottish Government to release post-Brexit economic impact predictions  
That's me on the way back to the joys of Westminster, refreshed and ready to re-join resistance to hard Tory Brexit. 
1. I believe in a democracy the Ppl should be given a chance to Rethink if minds have changed.A Binding #FinalSay to Confirm #Brexit or #StopBrexit in 2018 doesn't Thwart the Ppl's Will it Confirms it. To deny this on such a vital issue is Autocracratic. 
So #Brexit has forced the European Medicines Agency to leave London and now we're scrambling to keep our drugs regulation under the EU system. Thanks, Brexiters! 
Does anyone else remember Winston Churchill appointing a minister for losing the war?  No, me neither.#Brexit #StopBrexit #Remain #Brexitshambles #EU #FBPE #nodealminister #MinisterfornoDeal #Reshuffle 
A Cabinet minister for a no deal #Brexit is a cabinet minister for planes being grounded; a significant rise in food prices; crippling delays at ports; a shortage of nuclear medical isotopes used in treating cancer; and tariffs of between 20% & 40% on many agricultural products.  
:: Does Michel Barnier understand why Britain voted for Brexit? :: What happens to the EU’s economy if there’s no trade deal with Britain? :: How does Michel Barnier view mass immigration into the EU coming across the Mediterranean and elsewhere?  
Only 2 mins of the adopted DJ James O’Brien are possible. He just labelled brexiteers as ‘racist’ yet again. Maybe it’s time for all #brexit supporters to sue James O’Brien for defamation?...@LBC 
Sir John Sawers, the former head of MI6, has warned that Brexit is set to cause a loss of UK influence on a par with the 1970s  
Far from freeing our firms of red tape, Brexit is going to be a bombshell of bureaucracy for British businesses. 
BOOM: Lidl latest to announce investment, creating 1,000 jobs at new warehouse in Luton.Ignore the Remoaners - companies are backing Brexit Britain.  
Well said @NicolaSturgeon@theSNP only principled party Standing up to the Tories with Scotland's interests at heart'Scottish Government and SNP will lead charge to stop hard Brexit'  
It seems obvious that the principle responsibility of the brexit Minister for Failure will be contingency planning. I've started jotting down a list:1. Planes will stop flying on brexit day- Charter ships and arrange volunteers in small boats. (Like Dunkirk) 
Brexit has created the misguided impression that being a 'proud European' is somehow the antithesis of British nationalism. This distinction is petty narcissism and they are both bad positions. 
In your face, Witherspoons bloke – Peter Stringfellow comes out for a second Referendum.  
Brexit has the same dark roots that succour Orbán, the anti-enlightenment populist right in Poland and Hungary. We cannot join with France and Germany and stand for the best of European values because of our Brexit idiocy. We are a diminished nation as a consequence. #StopBrexit 
Nigel Farage -: Let's have a second referendum - on the unelected House of Lords that want to stop Brexit! 
I am praying that Brexit will bring immigration control back to Britain. Our country, housing, young people, finances and services are breaking under the strain of over-population and uncontrolled immigration.  
Now British MEPs want to sabotage Brexit: Cross-party group of 20 politicians sign letter urging Government to keep UK in the single market  
Excellent piece on #Brexit from Gina Miller@Mcr4EU @Labour4EU @BrexitBin @spaceangel1964 #StopBrexit #FinalSay 
Apparently SG are to release post-Brexit economic impact predictions. The best they managed for post-Indy was "We'll all be rich, you'll see!".  
Some of the best minds are working on Brexit right now. Unfortunately, they're working for Europe. 
Theresa May's Cabinet reshuffle: PM expected to appoint 'no deal Brexit' minister. Let it be Jacob Rees-Mogg! 
The dire 'Minister for No Deal Brexit' is to be backed up by a 'Minister for Not Getting the Operation I Need' and 'Minister for I Can't Afford to Travel by Public Transport'. According to the 'I'm 30 and Have No Hope of Buying a House' Tsar. 
Both right and left have horrible plans for a Post Brexit UK.Can I just say that you may get Brexit to happen but if you think we will all sit back and let you do what you want or that we won’t campaign everyday to rejoin the EU thenYOU ARE DELUSIONALWe have votes too. 
Daily Briefing: - May to reshuffle UK cabinet- Merkel still seeking partner- EU talks on post-Brexit budget 
Percentage of CFOs who think Brexit will be bad for the UK economy at an all time high. Percentage of CFOs who think Brexit will be good for the UK economy near its all time low.  
I really don’t understand Brexiters who say they know what they voted for, especially when the Cabinet hasn’t decided what it is they voted for! What did you vote to happen in NI? GFA means trade rules and FOM rules must be same to avoid hard border, did you vote for Soft Brexit? 
Brexit latest: We are leaving the EU to 'take back control' or something but the terms of our future trading relationship with the EU will be controlled more or less entirely by the EU (which we won't be in any more). 
Farage is right. Let´s have a referendum on the unelected house of Lords. A very simple yes or no. 
Quoting some people:I have just given up my #Labour membership because of Corbyn's stance on Brexit...........Then I go through their timeline & find clear evidence they are not & have never been @UKLabour ...#SMHCareful who you believe peeps..#JC4PM 
How very true.....#Brexitfrom Private Eye  
Brexit itself was sabotaged by outside forces Nigel, but you already know that@20committee@LouiseMensch@ericgarland@TrueFactsStated@counterchekist 
This paves the way for the most damaging possible hard-right Tory Brexit. And by refusing to work with @Plaid_Cymru & others, Labour are giving May & co a blank cheque to deliver it.It's time to come together to show the Tories “no deal” is not an option. 
Yes, @GMB I believe this is the only way out of this damaging mess. The politicians are hiding behind the 'will of the people' to knowingly lead the UK into disaster. But majority are #RemainerNow so #FinalSayForAll is best way out. Brexit won't fix Britain, it will break it, 
Let's have a second referendum - on the unelected House of Lords that want to stop Brexit.  
BREAKING: May's #cabinetreshuffle. New roles announced:Equality - Toby YoungMedia - Steve BannonEducation - Joey EssexRace Relations - HitlerSport - The England Cricket teamIreland - Oliver CromwellBrexit - Frank SpencerNo Brexit - Mr Bean Health - Jeremy Hunt 
A no-deal Minister is a Minister tasked with preparing a plan to wreck Britain and bring suffering to millions. It's the role of an enemy of our nation. It is hard to see it as anything other than treason!#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit  
There seems to be no empathy for those whose life long plans have been put in jeopardy, also those who cannot afford life insurance or relocation & the utter stress & disruption Brexit causes. 
VAT will be the next Brexit headache for thousands of British businesses  
£350 million for the NHS?Now you see it ...“Video evidence emerges of Nigel Farage pledging EU millions for NHS weeks before Brexit vote”.Now you don’t ...“Nigel Farage Admits NHS Claims Were A Mistake”:Brexit is a con. 
A cabinet minister for "No Deal". Just let that sink in. Not a cabinet minister for "And we will make a success of it".Not a cabinet minister for "Smooth orderly Brexit"NoA minister for a devastating No Deal crash out Brexit.Leave this here for you. 
A must read piece by @ChrisLeslieMP on the VAT Brexit headache that British businesses may face after new Gov plans revealed today. Please RT:  
As MPs return to Westminster, I'd like to wish them all good strength and patience - because we're going to be dealing with a hurricane of shit in 2018 over #Brexit.@TheSNP are making a cracking start to the year on Brexit. Labour have abandoned all responsibility and duty. 
Sky News just telling me that Theresa May is strong since she got a "Brexit breakthrough" last year. Um, anyone know what it was? 
BADGE OF HONOUR: being called a 'Lying Weasel' by Farage on TV this morning, for saying the British people should have the final say on the Brexit deal! 
Humphrys is paid a fortune to chat to pals like Michael Howard. If I want to listen to ignorant old men agree about Brexit, I can go to Wetherspoons.#r4today 
Reminder: the Brexit "no deal" scenario was examined by @LordsEUCom - which found that it would be disastrous. Detailed thread on their report here - pointing out issues which competent journos should raise with any "minister for no deal" 
Sweeping powers to water down human rights and equalities laws would be handed to the Government by Brexit legislation. They could change laws without consulting MPs or public - a significant threat to rights. #BrexitShambles #StopBrexit #r4today 
A beautiful sunrise over Loch Snizort on Skye as I prepare to leave home for a year at Westminster that will be an important one in determining Scotland's post Brexit future. We will not be dragged out against or will.  
‘@Nigel_Farage’s questions for EU’s Barnier:Does he understand why Britain voted for Brexit?What happens to EU’s economy if there’s no UK trade deal?How does Michel Barnier view mass migration into EU coming across the Mediterranean and elsewhere?  
Nicola Sturgeon tells #BBCGMS it seems UKgov is seeking “very hard and extreme Brexit”; priority for her is to seek “least damaging” Brexit, within the single market. No deal scenario “unthinkable” 
In the face of the “ongoing horror show” of Tories’ “inept and chaotic” #Brexit plans, indy must be an option. 
Government to appoint Minister for No Deal Brexit.UK must be prepared to walk away from a bad EU deal!  
Piers was OK. It was Farage who was unbelievable - calling me a 'weasel' because he was losing the argument on why the British people should have the final say on Mrs May's Brexit deal.  
Nigel Farage just called me a 'weasel' for saying the British people should have the final say on Mrs May's Brexit deal. His usual high standard of debate. I riled him by saying that HE is now the 'Establishment.' He hates that! But it's true. 
People that want to sabotage Brexit are treating the democratic process with contempt.  
#GMB@piersmorgan Kindly tell MR Adonis to STFU.17.4 million voters knew what they were voting for.Adonis claims to be DEMOCRATIC..... He can't be if he wants to trash Brexit.He certainly does NOT speak for me and I'm sure 17.4 million voters will agree. 
No deal means no #citizensrights for 3m EU nationals in the UK and 1.2m @BritishInEurope post Brexit. It is crucial now for @EU_Commission to rectify deficiencies in EU/UK Agreement and press for ring fencing of the improved agreement. 
#GMB @Andrew_Adonis vs @Nigel_Farage #Brexit discussion totally RUINED by @PiersMorgan's constant interruptions and talking over Lord Adonis. Who does Piers think he is? @ITV @GMB hope you're listenin he needs to go! 
Today I’ve announced £50m to help Welsh businesses & public services plan and prepare for #Brexit - read more here:  (1/2) 
George Freeman talks of Brexit being an ‘inspirational national renewal’ on the same day that a ‘no deal’ minister may be announced. If failure is your thing then he could be right. Never felt less inspired. #r4today #NoConfidence 
Brexiters before vote: Let's spend lots more money on the NHS if you vote for BrexitBrexiters after vote: Let's talk about dismantling the NHS. 
Good grief. The UK now has a “No Deal Brexit Minister”. A Minister for economic decline and world irrelevance. 
"WHEN WILL THE TABLE TURN?" Will the PM sort out imbalanced anti-#Brexit cabinet today? Full story here:  
Here we go again. The same old tune from the SNP  They’re obsessed by independence. Anything they say on Brexit or any other matter is because they want to break the country apart while during their watch health, education, policing, transport & local government etc suffers.  
Theresa May to appoint 'Cabinet minister for no deal' for Brexit talks. Please let it be Jacob Rees-Miggs, calm, capable,intelligent & well liked by Brexiteers!  
If this is true (let’s hope not), it will show yet again that the views of hardline Tory Brexiteers are more important to the PM than the interests of the country. ‘No deal’ is unthinkable. ‘No Brexit’ should be the clear preference over ‘no deal’.  
Opinion: As a recent graduate I’m devastated by how disastrously Brexit will affect university students  
Quite extraordinary amount of nonsense from George Freeman on Today. Brexit isn't a moment of 'national renewal' for public services. It is austerity, forever. 
Poland: Support for the country's membership in the European Union spikes to record high. #Brexit #EuropeanUnion #Poland cc @PoliticoRyan #playbook 
Hate this type of overdramatic, borderline histrionic tweets. There is absolutely no reason for anyone to look at the Brits “forlornly & with sympathy” and nobody should feel “ashamed and embarrassed” about people having a say in a legitimate referendum. It’s how democracy works.  
Zuckerberg’s former mentor describes how Facebook algorithms distort political debate.His view on #Brexit: Leave messages were perfect fodder for this distortion; Remain’s rational approach was not 
The First Minister has said Scottish independence "must remain an option" and criticised the "ongoing horror show" of Brexit.  
On Good Morning Britain with Nigel Farage at 7.10. Only surprise is that he isn’t in Downing St about to be appointed Minister for Hard Brexit, since its his policy. Maybe he should take over from Mrs May, to make things honest! 
So the latest #Brexit position from Labour “The 52 percent get what they want, we Leave. The 48 percent get what they want, we don’t go very far”What people want 2 know is are u even out of the door? Or have u left by the front & snuck back in the back? 
And now pharmaceuticals want their own Brexit deal  
Scottish Government to release post-Brexit economic impact predictions atter UK Government fails to  
A post-Brexit trade deal between Britain and the US could be put in jeopardy if Trump does not get an invite to the Royal wedding, it has been. claimed.  
Is there any sector of British industry that doesn’t want to remain within the EU? #Brexit reality @FT 
Michael Wolff warns: Post-Brexit trade deal at risk if Trump doesn't get invite to royal wedding  
Flying start in 2018: massive conference on #EUBudget. Key issues in my view: #Brexit revenue shortfall, #conditionality in #CohesionPolicy, #stabilisation capacity. Now very true: business as usual not an option. @GOettingerEU @CorinaCretuEU @sigmargabriel @pisaniferry 
I don't get what BluKippers want from Brexit, other than making a few rich people richer. The Labour Party can't possibly deliver its agenda in a post Brexit Britain. What's the point? Once investigated, every reason given turns out to be a total fantasy. Is it me? #FBPE 
*Brexit Explained*  
Some Brexit fads have died away, but use of the term 'populist' certainly hasn't. Unfortunate, as it's still hopelessly ill-defined. The definition in OED3, from 2006, is 'a person who seeks to represent or appeal to the interests of ordinary people'.  
My @telegraph column: If Brussels refuses a Brexit deal for the City, we should dodge the EU's huge regulatory bombshell  
Liquor shop to be shut on ‘orders’ of public Decision At Referendum Among 150 Residents. #Swaraj 
If the EU refuses a Brexit deal for the City, we should abandon its vast regulatory nonsense #premium  
Wolff: Trump could nix post-Brexit trade deal if he isn’t invited to royal wedding.  
Dr David Owen: *Who are these people who can't take defeat in a referendum?*Answer: Patriots, who think clearly & rationally about the best interests of GB, based on evidence, just like your former profession of medicine is, not negligence#WeAreTheOppositionNow #StopBrexit2018 
Blocking all # FBPE accounts.Corbynbashing hashtags won't stop brexit.  
Michael Wolff: "I interviewed Trump two weeks before the BREXIT vote and he didn't know what BREXIT was."White House: Trump never spoke to Michael Wolff.I would take the word of Wolff over the #StableGenius who didn't know what BREXIT was. 
Odd considering that there is now no maj in Parl for such a scenario, though there's no way any form of #Brexit let alone a #Tory one can leave us anything other than worse than were we to #Remain in the EU. Binding #FinalSay in 2018 to Confirm #Brexit or #StopBrexit 
Love Europe, hate the EU.This of course is bollocks.Love Corbyn, hate Brexit. This too is bollocks.Love Corbyn, love Labour.You get the idea?I'm not knocking Labour,Corbyn is,Momentum is.Corbyn or RemainYou can't have both.  
Cam played his ass off today. This game should not be a referendum on himBut it probably will be 
Steve Baker, an MP under investigation by the #ElectoralCommission for breaking the rules and subverting the EU-Ref, is to be promoted in May's #reshuffle and named as *No Deal Brexit Minister*Now she's really taking the piss & trolling Britain. #ToriesOut#BrexitBetraysBritain 
This is pretty plausible but also the perfect Brexit vignette: piss off negotiating partners to make meaningless gesture to swivel-eyed ideologues who will pocket it and carry on sniping as before.  
And Brexit means that the underfunding of the NHS will only get worse. Stopping Brexit is the only patriotic choice.  
As the 'brexit horror show' escalates only a few days into 2018, First Minister of Scotland @NicolaSturgeon stresses that independence must remain an option to protect Scotlands interests. @ScotNational 
OK Brexiters. If another referendum was held and Remain won, exactly how would that be undemocratic?Seriously?I'm beginning to wonder if this is actually about democracy at all. 
The only way my family has ever voted is Labour: it’s who we are and what we do.May 2017, I voted Lib Dems. I didn’t want to. No disrespect to Lib Dems, but I wanted to vote Labour.The problem is, Corbyn is for Brexit and I am not. I am for the working class, Brexit isn’t.  
If you consider yourself a socialist but are contemplating voting Lib Dem or even Tory in May elections on some fools errand to prevent Brexit, get a grip.Nothing is more important than getting Labour and Corbyn into government #PCPEU 
The Minister for No Deal Brexit prepares for their big first day  
Don't speak in my name @Nigel_Farage I voted #Brexit but have happily changed my mind. Too much evidence of bad news on it's way. Hoping for a 2nd ref and a chance to vote #Remain 
As Theresa May promises a Minister for a No Deal Brexit in the reshuffle, here they are practicing for the job.  
I'm not anti CorbynI'm not anti LabourBut I am disappointed that this opposition are not an effective opposition against the most shambolic government in living memory.By now they should be significantly ahead in the polls. It's worries me#FBPE #StopBrexit #brexit 
Ladies and Gentlemen, I give you the Minister for a No-Deal Brexit...  
So Corbyn's Labour are going to outflank the SNP on the left, apparently by renewing Trident, sticking more of his mates in the House of Lords and refusing to work with other opposition parties against Tories on Brexit.  What a bunch of chancers!#RedTories #ScotRef 
Michael Wolff warns: Post-Brexit trade deal at risk if Trump doesn't get invite to royal wedding  
And has anyone in the government done any impact assessment specifically of a "no deal" Brexit - or would it all be sorted out by optimistic, patriotic unicorns?  
More economic illiteracy from the #brexit elite. #WTO option is amongst worst #brexit outcomes for UK. Weak WTO rules on services do nothing to help the 80% of our economy which is service based. We're better off IN.  
Two ways for the country to die offered by the Tories and Labour. Lib Dems at least offer hope by saying an unequivocal No to Brexit. 
Not entirely sure what the excitement over "Minister for a No-Deal Brexit" is. It's a bit like appointing a "Minister for When England Win The Ashes". 
So in the midst of an #NHScrisis, rising homelessness and soaring crime, priority for PM is to appoint a pointless Brexit minister for 'no deal'  
Instead of fixing our schools, hospitals and economy, Holyrood spent most of 2017 debating a referendum that we've already voted on. It's time to move forward, there are real issues in Scotland that the Scottish Government needs to start addressing.  
The trouble is that our officials are approaching Brexit as an exercise in damage limitation, seeking to salvage what they can of existing arrangements. We need to lift our eyes to more distant and more opulent horizons, writes @DanielJHannan 
Do NOT, repeat, do NOT read this Remainers. Just stick to the theory that the plebs were too dumb to know what they were voting for. Brexit: why the UK economy hasn't led to buyer's remorse 
Back to Parliament tomorrow for another year to witness the UK indulging in unprecedented national self harm as their chaotic and clueless Brexit continues to unravel. 
Lets hope Nigel Farage tells the EU exactly what he thinks of Theresa May’s sham brexit deal when he meets with Barnier this week. It is about time someone told them we owe no brexit bill, we don’t want a transition deal & we are willing to walk away with no deal & use WTO rules  
The 'No Deal Brexit Minister' is the most frightening spectre so far conjured up by Mrs May. If this was Dickens, the job would be filled by Jacob Marley. 
Most people now think Brexit was the wrong decision but think we should go ahead with it anyway. This is why we need to be seen on streets right across the country. #Notadonedeal #WeAreTheOppositionNow #ExitFromBrexit 
The idea that the EU will be spooked by the appointment by Mrs May of a ‘No Deal’ Brexit Minister into giving UK a bespoke deal is just ludicrous. They still don’t understand that for the EU this is NOT a poker game. #tomorrowspaperstoday 
If true, this would be the stupidest thing she's done since the election.Why take staff and resources away from Brexit negotiations (and everything else) to appease a small number of ignorant backbenchers bent on harming the UK?  
If the EU refuses a Brexit deal for the City, we should abandon its vast regulatory nonsense  via @telegraphnews.What The Telegraph doesn’t tell you is that the UK was instrumental in writing most of the regulations, which strongly favour The City.#FBPE 
Is this supposed to ramp up the 'pressure' (wink, wink) on the EU27.  Or is this to keep the Brexit bloodhounds at bay? FGS -  this is getting ridiculous.  
Corbyn has cleverly maneuvered Labour into the ideal #Brexit position. Tories and Lib Dems have backed themselves into their respective Leave and Remain corners.  Labour have flexibility. And they're ahead in the polls to boot.  
EXCLUSIVE Theresa May to appoint a 'Cabinet minister for no deal Brexit' in tomorrow's reshuffle' | via @telegraph 
The work that's going on behind the scenes to co-ordinate Pro-EU campaigning will be key to stopping #BrexitIt appears @malloch_brown & others are making good progressFor an #ExitFromBrexit to occur there needs to be a co-ordinated #Remain campaign#FBPE 
Michael Wolff warns: Post-Brexit trade deal at risk if Trump doesn't get invite to royal wedding  
Brexit is a coalition of1. Economic ultra-libertarian toffs and spivs (who will benefit)2. Authoritarian useful idiots (who won't benefit)conspiring against the decent, moderate majority. 
I'd missed this at the time but it is significant. Dominic Grieve articulating (albeit heavily caveated) that another Referendum could be possible. If Grieve is thinking this, it's highly likely other Tory parliamentarians are.Another small step to an #ExitFromBrexit#FBPE 
Tomorrow's front page ... Sturgeon: Brexit horror show means indy must be an option. FM says now is the time to speak up to protect Scotland’s place in Europe  
There are no parties anymore.There is only Brexit remain or leave. 
Dear the European Union.Please bring forward your anti tax avoidance directive by one year to February 2018Make it part of the Brexit deal so if Brexit does happen at least we get a good clean out firstRegardsThe United Kingdom, EU Members @guyverhofstadt @MichelBarnier 
Liberals: lol, rallies, that’ll win over middle class voters in marginal seats.....Also liberals: where was Corbyn and his rallies in the referendum campaign?? 
7th June 2017 - lol Corbyn doing another rally is he, that'll win votes, not!!!9th June 2017 - Why hasn't the master orator Jeremy Corbyn convinced the country to stop Brexit? 
This is so sad that those that came to the UK to add to our human capital are leaving as we pay the price for Brexit. We should be welcoming fresh talent, not witnessing an exodus. We need to change empathise, Theresa May has to recognise we are on the wrong road.  
Surprised Wales isn’t pushing for a second referendum on deal if the country is likely to be hit by job losses like this... #Wales #Brexit #FBPE #Labour #plaidcymru 
"a Brexit deal will limit rather than liberalise trade" 
WE NOW GO LIVE TO BREXIT   
This is a fake @Open_Britain account.  Its information is false. Current EU law is based on mutual recognition in areas where there has not been harmonisation of standards, which are many.  More Brexit lies.  
Owen Jones the Lefty is the most despicable man on tv he is so self opinionated and listens to no one ile be glad if he loses his position and not wanted on tv he is a scupperer of Brexit and has no thought for Democracy so not seeing so much of Owen might not be a bad thing 
Yet more great Brexit news. Licences for road haulage operators become invalid on 29/3/2019 when we quit EU  Maybe road haulage firms will begin to tell local MP 
Poll: who would win a second referendum? 
Thoroughly enjoying @Peston’s WTF. This quote from Remain spinner Roland Rudd brilliantly sums up a phenomenon that Cameron, Osborne and co completely missed when it came to Brexit.  
Michael Wolff warns: Post-Brexit trade deal at risk if Trump doesn't get invite to royal wedding  
If there was a National Strike to Stop Brexit, would you come out on strike to support it?                                      #WeAreTheOppositionNow Please vote and RT 
BE ALERT about the most dangerous #Brexit legislation this govt wants to introduce  to water down human rights and equality laws RT Brexit legislation to give Government sweeping powers to water down human rights and equalities laws, MPs warned  
This is not about party politics. This is about so much more. NO party can deliver a good brexit, because there isn't 1. Let's show our MPs how cross party cooperation in the best interests of the country works: #WeAreTheOppositionNow#FBPE 
Tony Blair won’t stop at Remain: his gang wants the Euro  #Brexit 
A reminder - The overwhelming majority of fake news comes not from Russia, but from the papers owned by the right-wing tax-dodging billionaire #Brexit press barons. #StopBrexit #FBPE #WeAreTheOppositionNow 
It is 100% certain that Brexit, if allowed to go ahead, will cause huge disruption, inconvenience, extra bureaucracy and added costs, stripping billions off the UK economy. The question is: What benefit will the UK gain from all this? #StopBrexit2018 
Why do Andrew Marr & Andrew Neil keep refering to Remainers as "Remoaners" on their BBC show? Is it bc they are reasonably playing "Devil's Advocate" while posing legitimate questions as the BBC claims or bc "They're Rabid Brexit Fans"? 
Time for @UKLabour to take bold step of supporting referendum on terms - with recommendation to remain & reform - *and* appointing Adonis as co-shadow Brexit minister alongside Keir Starmer. Would isolate Tories, boost Lab support & be in-keeping with views of 78% of Lab members  
The people of the UK don’t want a disgusting misogynist as the university regulator; but the right wing press does: Toby Young stays. I think we can learn a lot abut Brexit from what has happened with this odious turd. 
If Germany were a sovereign country, which it isn't due to membership of the European Union, it would be right up there in the queue to seal a post-Brexit free trade agreement with the UK. Why? Because it runs a trade surplus with our country of €50bn — its largest in the world. 
Brilliant idea for a #Brexit stamp#WeAreTheOppositionNow#FBPE #StopBrexit #StopBrexit2018#StopBrexitHour #Remain #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Tony Blair and Sir Nick Clegg push on with their agenda of scuppering Brexit, with the knowledge that governments across Europe have a history of ignoring referendums to do with the EU when the result has not been to the satisfaction of the establishment  
New documentary on the events of Catalan referendum day to screen on TV3  
I repeat, the only way I will get behind brexit is to stab it in the back. Retweet if you agree. We must stop waiting for someone else to #StopBrexit because #WeAreTheOppositionNow #FBPE 
When your opponents are digging themselves a #Brexit-shaped hole, you let them keep digging. You certainly don't wheel out Tony Blair every few months with a whacking great shovel to fill the hole back up again. 
When Labour politicians talk of #Brexit as being the Will of the People, they carefully omit that it is the will of Murdoch, Dacre, Desmond and the Barclay Brothers & without their money & propaganda it would not exist.#WeAreTheOppositionNow #StopBrexit #FBPE 
I’m a Remainer and I admit that I was wrong.About voting #Labour in 2017.I was a lifelong supporter & member/CLP officer in Birmingham (Hall Green).No more. Ever. Labour in Parliament is a Brexit party & can’t be trusted.#stopbrexit #FBPE 
Michael Wolff warns: Post-Brexit trade deal at risk if Trump doesn't get invite to royal wedding  
As my children grow up, I'd like it on record that I will never call their fashionable haircuts silly, claim their favourite music is worse than it was in my day, or vote to remove their rights in a binary referendum.#FBPE#Remain 
Unlike the EU, which uses a rigid product standardization approach, it is possible to have trade arrangements based on mutual recognition. Britain should opt for a mutual-recog approach to its global trading arrangements with like-minded countries post #Brexit  
And more...#Remain it appears is now pretty much up against an army of shills, bots & trolls...not surprising they don't want to allow us a Binding #FinalSay to Confirm #Brexit or #StopBrexit in 2018...they don't get votes but being real we do.#WeAreTheOppositionNow 
Nicola Sturgeon: Scottish independence must be an option amid Brexit 'horror show'  
When 32% of Labour Remain voters think Labour is completely against #Brexit and 31% of its Leave voters believe the opposite, it shows that the party has been deliberately opaque in presenting its position on Brexit.A principled, campaigning party....???#StopBrexit #FBPE 
The EU isn't sinking or going to implode - the UK is, thanks to Brexit. #stopbrexit #Remain #exitbrexit #stopbrexithour #FBPE #StopBrexit2018 #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
And, by the way, this situation will get far worse after Brexit, no matter which party is in power. With a downturn in our economy, austerity on steroids will be the only choice for any government.At a point where our economy could be soaring, Brexit will drag it in the sewer. 
Jacob Rees-Mogg: May and Hammond must UNITE to stop being so TIMID over Brexit  
Every day that Corbyn fails to come out against Brexit he reinforces the idea that it can't be that bad..or that it might even be good.It supports the NHS bus lie. It is a deception. It must be called out. There is NO jobs first Brexit or NHS Brexit. These are LIES #CorbynBrexit 
.“Sweeping powers to water down human rights and equalities laws would be handed to the Government by Brexit legislation to be debated this week.". 
Does anyone remember what life was like before that ill-fated referendum in June 2016? When you didn’t spend too much time on Twitter railing against the biggest act of collective stupidity in human history? When you had a life that didn’t revolve around trying to #StopBrexit? 
One of the worst things about #Brexit is that it forces every single British person to make this choice. Before June 2016 we all had the joy of both identities.  
Brexit legislation to give Government sweeping powers to water down human rights and equalities lawsParliament can be bypassed to rewrite the Equality Act and the Modern Slavery Act at the request of any foreign country to strike a trade deal 
Great news! I am sure you already intend to do so, but I hope that you also put forward the positive reasons to remain in the EU, as well as exposing Brexit lies. We need to shift people towards a + vision of the future as well as point out the negatives now. Humbly,  
A hidden agenda is driving efforts by the ex-PM, Nick Clegg and others to halt Brexit, writes Dominic Lawson  
Nicola Sturgeon thinks Scotland should have a lifeboat as and when the Brexit ship sinks. Watch her opponents now say that Scotland go down with the ship regardless of what happens. 
Clegg: May forcing through Brexit a “scandalous dereliction of democratic duty”“The government's clear intention is to try and lull parliament into signing away the future before it has spelled out what that future holds” - @nick_clegg#StopBrexit #FBPE 
One area we find very distressing.It's plain to see Brexit is a doorway to a society of lesser rights and lower protections. We desperately don't want @UKLabour fighting and failing for a generation to maintain safeguards we already have. #StopBrexit 
Brexit wants to give away €100bn a year of UK taxpayer's money to placate the Brexit Taliban. Brexit is a weak response, a horrible negotiation, and not fit to be our part of policy. #FBPE #Remain 
Nigel Farage - "My concern is the 17.4 million have not had their voices heard, I will endeavour to start a process of doing that tomorrow. Once I’ve been there, there’ll be others from the Leave side who go there as well and that’s a very good thing." #Brexit  
Europe’s biggest Brexit fear? That we’ll flourish outside the EU, says @David_Goodhart 
In under an hour begins #StopBrexitHour. This is #StopBrexit2018, and here's 1 reason why. The referendum did not specify what #leave would mean, and given that the result was so close there is certainly no mandate for #hardbrexit. #FBPE #FinalSay 
Here is Paul, he voted #leave but now regrets it! Like many he feels his vote has been hijacked & is yet another #bregretter calling for a #finalsay #brexit referendum when the facts are clear! @bravehartley thanks for acting like your name suggests & speaking out on this issue! 
“Brexit Britain will continue to attract the brightest and the best and where are you going?!”  
UK Government: Cancel Brexit and stay as Full Member of EU.  via @UKChange #FBPE #StopBrexit #PCPEU 
The majority of Labour members and voters are watching brexit in shocked silence. @Labour4EU is a brilliant account to follow and you mind find it speaks for you. 
New documentary on the events of Catalan referendum day to screen on TV3  
No buyers remorse on Brexit says @guardian economics editor Larry Elliot. "a snobbish and nasty subtext to buyers remorse theory ... the plebs were too dumb to know what they were voting for" 
I say this to my fellow Remainers who scorn blue passports and Brexit stamps: please sneer a little less and understand a little more, writes James Kirkup  
Trump Royal wedding snub 'could hit post-Brexit trade deal'  
Thank God at last there's someone prepared finally to give these CON/UKIP men & women both barrels of the Truth the whole Truth & nothing but the Truth. Thank you!#Remain is finally firing upBinding #FinalSay to Confirm #Brexit or #StopBrexit & #Remain in 2018 
If Theresa May doesn't show Hammond the Door tomorrow it's because she wants his pro EU contribution ensuring that we remain in the EU .Rees Mogg  would be the obvious choice to replace him & for her to have his loyal resolve in getting a great Brexit deal. 
‘Soft’ Brexit is a Misnomer: It's neither democratic nor sustainable and means major, damaging loss of influence. Time for SNP to lead on halting Brexit.  
Brexit legislation would give Government powers to water down human rights and equalities laws, MPs are told  
If we want the NHS we need to stop Brexit !!  
Given today’s statement from Number 10 on Young, May seems - again - all over the place on an issue. It’s not just Brexit she looks adrift on  
Jeremy Corbyn has been dubbed “pathetic” and accused of failing millions of working families over Brexit  
'We' = Only 26.5% of the UK People actually...roughly 37% of voters...just in case you'd forgotten...Binding #FinalSay to Confirm #Brexit or #StopBrexit & #Remain in 2018 
UK companies will face huge new VAT burden after Brexit  
People in Scotland have had enough: the SNP should drop the obsession with independence and get back to the job they were elected to do. Sign the petition today to say no to a second referendum:  
What we could do with the money that brexit will cost the nation #FBPE 
The result of the referendum is continually ignored.It did NOT show the groundswell of opinion needed to implement what amounts to a reactionary revolution. It showed a nation divided, confused, undecided. Constant reference to it as the will of the people is a travesty. #Brexit 
#Retain is just jobs first Brexit, Labour Brexit as opposed to Tory Brexit. It’s just bullshit designed to let Corbyn off the hook over his pro Brexit stance. 
The @TheLancet is one of the world's most prestigioius #Medical journals. In this article, health experts evaluated every type of #Brexit and tried to give assess how it would impact the #NHS. Conclusion: EVERY type of Brexit damages our NHS... 
Apparently a petition to remove French mottos from UK passport post Brexit because French is "an EU language".English too since Ireland has not left the EU! 
My father reads the Sun. He still believes this story is true. He didn't see the retraction. He voted for Brexit. Front page lies are worth more to the papers readership sales than a little unnoticed retraction ignomy. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
"Frenchie needs to save up for her flight back to France due to Brexit"Class sense of humour from a young French busker in Kelvingrove Park today. Pretty awesome voice too!#Brexit #Glasgow #SNP #Tory #Labour #Scotland 
Some friendly advice for the #FBPE crowd. You might want to think about laying off the Corbyn-bashing. If you're gonna overturn #Brexit you'll need people like me on board. At the moment, you're pissing me right off. 
One of the best descriptions for Brexit I've hear  
Westminster Leader @LSRPlaid criticises Corbyn for rejecting invitation to cross-party summit on single market. #Brexit  
Happy 51st birthday to @nick_clegg. Not sure how long it will take, but history will look kindly on his contribution to social mobility, better mental health and, above all, opposing the disaster of #brexit. 
How Brexit is quietly killing science  
Labour's shadow foreign secretary Emily Thornberry was put on the spot by a BBC host over Labour’s “confusing” Brexit position  
Yay!#AndrewAdonis vs. #nigelfarage@Andrew_Adonis -#RemainVsLame#Brexit#AskBarnier 
Wolff: Trump could nix post-Brexit trade deal if he isn’t invited to royal wedding.  
Nigel Farage meets Michel Barnier tomorrow. I will be in the Good Morning Britain studio in London for a ‘remain’ interview alongside him. I hope they let us go head to head. Time to start exposing the Brexit lies! 
The Brexit Elite want us to pay the taxes they dodge. Brexit is a massive tax dodge. #FBPE #FinalSay #Remain 
Theresa may’s best friends are the 17.4 million people who voted to LEAVE THE EU.If she delivers a clean break BREXIT with no residual control, influence or illegal payments she will get re-elected, if not, she is out.  
"Get over it," says David, who still hasn't got over the referendum result.Ending legalised bribery and returning genuine democracy to the masses is far more important than staying in the EU. Corbyn is essential to that happening.  
Mrs @Theresa_May will be remembered for an arrogant and stupid snap election,  messing Brexit up, bribing a party that doesn't believe in dinosaurs,  employing scum like Toby Young and rushing to the US to hold the hand of a racist self-confessed sex offending narcissist. #Marr pic.twitter.com/BEr9uPp8yq 
Brexit means that UK citizens will have no freedom of movement to work, live and retire across the 31 member states of the EU single market.What a stupid thing to do.#StopBrexit 
Brexit Britain will be a Sweatshop Britain.#StopBrexit 
Remember when they said Brexit would be easy?  
Sad - if not unpredictable - to see Corbyn refuse to engage with @theSNP and other parties on Brexit. A sign of how they’d govern? When they say ‘old Labour’ they obviously mean the same old Labour.  
Summary of Phil ‘Brexit’ Brown’s co commentary on @BBCSport for Shrewsbury vs West Ham. Lower league players will run through brick walls for you. The Ghanaian player doesn’t want to be there. Foreigners don’t understand the FA Cup. 
Support from Lord @Andrew_Adonis and some very good advice. Please do whatever you can to support those of us who face having our families torn apart by the disaster that is Brexit #WeAreTheOppositionNow #FBPE #StopBrexit 
French President Macron admits that Brexit could lead to BREAK UP OF THE EU  via @NewsBits 
My column in today’s @Telegraph: EU’s champions refuse to accept the referendum result in the knowledge that EU has a history of sending nations to the polls over & over again until they return the “right result”.  
The weaker Theresa May's position is the more likely Brexit is to fail. So by keeping Toby Young as a university regulator, @Theresa_May's increasing the chance of Brexit failing 
Now YouTube has taken sides over Brexit. They’ve censored a video (subtitled in 10 languages) aimed at the patronising minority who won’t accept democracy and who think we’re too stupid to vote.  
If Brexit negotiations are not concluded, or are not endorsed by UK Parliament and all of the remaining 27 member states, it doesn't mean "start again", it means that on the 29th March 2019 we simply leave the EU and walk away. the Hardest brexit possible. Think on that. 
Have Labour confirmed this? If not, they should be up front with voters about their position on Brexit.  
17 million voted for #Brexit without knowing the facts. 65 million depend on the #NHS and it is in crisis. An undeniable factYou can't fund both. It is either Brexit for the few, or the NHS for the many. 
I was the first person to vote Leave at Enderby civic centre, was very proud to be there (youngsters didn't even show up). Tony Blair, don't tell me we need a second referendum, I'll vote the same way. You lost, get over it you nancyboy. Remain took a walloping, now just Remoan 
Whichever way you look at it, the rhetoric of Britain being a 'beacon for Free Trade' after Brexit is nonsense.Half our trade will incur damaging additional costs, bureaucracy and delays; and we'll lose out on other Free Trade deals #EU countries enjoy. 
I joined Labour to help Corbyn bring democratic socialism to the UK after 40yrs of uninterrupted neoliberal oligarchy. Staying in the EU is of secondary importance. I also fully endorse Corbyn's policy of letting David Davis fuck up #Brexit all by himself. It's working a treat.  
The only thing wrong with your current theory is that @jeremycorbyn has absolutely no interest in stopping #Brexit despite 80% LP members being pro EU. How do you explain this? He is not even prepared to engage in any perceived anti #Brexit activity #FBPE 
Three billion seems reasonable for boat with hole in it, says Government responsible for negotiating Brexit 
Last year, in an interview at his home, #PeterSutherland told me: "My life's work all stems from a single stream of belief in integrating people, in the dignity and quality of the human person" as he warned Brexit would be 'act of insanity' Ar dheis de  
He had an extraordinary, varied career and life. Very upset by Brexit, deeply concerned with the plight of refugees in recent years and active in campaigning for their rights. Very interesting man.  
It is #Brexit or the #NHS - selling the NHS to the USA is the price of a trade deal. They want access to our healthcare market. & of course with the cost of #brexit, there will be no money to save it. We need to stop this madness now! #StopBrexit #Remain #FBPE #FinalSayForAll 
Afternoon pint in Wetherspoon. Loving the Brexit beer mats!   
Michael Wolff warns: Post-Brexit trade deal at risk if Trump doesn't get invite to royal wedding  
Embarrassing Phone Calls:May: "I thought #marr went well."PA: "The top 200 tweets are all negative."May: "What's this #FBPE?"PA: "It's the Julia Hartley-Brewer, hash tag, it means, Pro Brexit For Exit"May "Even Brexiteers hate me"PA: "Yes, Prime Minister" #FBPE 
. @NicolaSturgeon on fighting #Brexit;  “....the threat to Scotland’s interests means that independence must remain an option.....Ireland has demonstrated very clearly the value of being an independent country in Europe.” Bravo! Well said @theSNP 
Nope.I don't like Ukip but I support Brexit.I like Europe but don't like the unaccountable hierarchical structure of the EU.Wasn't influenced by Farage but influenced by Priti Patel, Gove.  
Brexit is an 'Extinction Level Event' for the Tory party... 
Michael Wolff to BCC: "I interviewed Trump two weeks before the #BREXIT vote and he didn't know what BREXIT was."This is true -- I remember this. #FireAndFury#StableGenius 
Wolff is irrelevant. People must not be ahistorical. At the time, it was popularly called the “EU Referendum” “EU Ref” by everybody. Only hardcore leavers said #Brexit which soared in popularity after we won.  
A fascinating list compiled by @EleanorBlueman showing the percentage of times individual Labour MPs have rebelled against Corbyn on #Brexit.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Great analysis by @LeaveMnsLeave showing claims made by the remain campaign during the referendum were false. Project fear  
 @NicolaSturgeon: In 2018, a new spirit of Scottish assertiveness will be needed to fight the Tories' chaotic plans for an extreme Brexit.  
The unelected House of Lords could have a more profound debate on Brexit than the elected House of Commons  
WATCH | @Nigel_Farage will ask Michel Barnier what happens to the EU economy if no trade deal, how he sees the issue of mass immigration into Europe and whether or not he understands why we voted for Brexit in his meeting with the EU's chief negotiator tomorrow. #AskBarnier 
Call me a centrist dad but I still believe you can disown colonialism without supporting a theocratic dictatorship cos it’s anti west, you can want a 2 state solution without being anti Semitic & you can acknowledge difficulties for the working class but still oppose Brexit. 
Failing to stand up to Trump is extremely worrying Brexit will open the doors to big US-UK trade deals, which you failed the rule the NHS out of. Jeremy Hunt interested in budgetary arrangements of large US healthcare firms. “ACO” NHS model taking on US model...  
My main question about Brexit is - what’s the point? We are spending so much money to put ourselves in a worse position. Why?  
Fascinating/frightening #longread from early FB investor on how social media manipulating democracy. Striking how rarely talk about Brexit vote in this context  
Checking in with friends in other places I've lived and the world is a mess.Yet everyone says, "At least we don't have Trump."Imagine you have someone leading you into the self-destructive assininty of #Brexit yet your glass-half-full is at least you've got May not Trump.  
Is it just me or does it seem strange that the party that created the NHS is facilitating the Brexit which will destroy the NHS that we know and love? 
The idea that Brexit would cut red tape is one of the biggest Leave lies of them all. Brexit bureaucracy is set to grow. More reasons to #StopBrexit and #Remain. #FBPE. 
Please vote and retweet whether you want a Second referendum on #Brexit? 
Read about the plans of our chair @BestForBritain to unite the movement to fight for No Brexit: we have that option until March 2019, the vote in autumn will be decisive. Looking forward to working with all partners on this fight  
Doesn't May's treatment of the Toby Young issue illustrate exactly what is wrong with her govt's position on Brexit? Namely: it's blindingly obvious that we got it completely wrong, but we simply won't admit it or retreat. 
BREXIT: Have you applied for an Irish passport? Mail readers regard you as unpatriotic turncoats who aren’t fit to be called British.  
Agree- really important that the option on the table we *definitely* have until March 29 2019, membership of the EU, is debated by politicians and the public. No Brexit is already on the table until we leave, can the media wake up pls and realise that?Thanks @Andrew_Adonis 
Get off Corbyns back! He's the best hope for people like me and millions like me to survive. F*CK brexit, he didn't cause this shit, so take a jump out of that ivory tower you two. Stop whining and putting the poor in danger of yet another tory Govt. You ok Jack? Go to hell!  
British Prime Minister Theresa May will shuffle her Cabinet as she tries to bolster her authority ahead of a crucial new phase in Brexit negotiations.  
Excellent thread on why @jeremycorbyn plan for a #jobsfirst #Brexit is totally incompatible with leaving single market & customs union & highlighting @theSNP consistent position on desirability of single market & customs union membership for UK #FBPE 
Nobody gave ‘informed consent’ for #Brexit. That’s because in the #EUReferendum, the electorate was not sufficiently informed. That’s why there needs to be another vote on Brexit – so that this time, #Britain can give its informed response. Link:  #FBPE 
Of the many Brexit lies, the idea that it would somehow reduce red tape was always among the most preposterous.  
My business model uses EU cross border component parts to manufacture a high tech product, in the UK. Unfortunately I launched it 3 weeks before the referendum, do we still use EU 'CE' standards etc post 2019. Never known such an anti business government, no guidance  whatsoever. 
I'm not interested in "winning".All I want is to help set my country back on a sane, kind & prosperous course so I can get on with playing with my child, fixing my house, helping my neighbourhood & not being depressed.We definitely need change, Brexit is bad change.#FinalSay 
Sources close to the Prime Minster have told the Sunday Express: “Theresa genuinely sees herself as a public servant carrying out the people’s will and has lost a degree of respect for those who keep trying to reverse the referendum result.”  
Brexit is the ascendancy of the idiocracy. It is based on a false premise of post imperial bullshit and a misconception of European  history. That's why it must be stopped.#StopBrexit #FBPE pic.twitter.com/LBIb815l6C 
The litmus test of #TheresaMay ‘s #reshuffle is surely whether she removes:- a #brexit secretary who has repeatedly misled #Parliament - a foreign secretary who has antagonised friends &allies across the world- a trade secretary who doesn’t have a clue what he’s doing #bbcsp 
Not the headline i might have chosen and but despite polite scepticism of journalist  i hope my anti-Brexit ambitions come across!Lord Remain is here to coax us back to Brussels  
The Tories and UKIP might be the driving force behind a hard brexit – but if Labour continue to sit on their hands they will be equally responsible for the damage it does. 
May “found out who her friends are” during rebellion over #EU Withdrawal Bill.“Theresa genuinely sees herself as public servant carrying out the people’s will & has lost a degree of respect for those who keep trying to reverse referendum result"#Brexit 
Good thing we’re spending all that money on blue passports and special brexit stamps instead though right?  
#EU membership cuts red tape & new, simpler VAT rules should kick in after #Brexit to further ease cross-border trade 
'Brits loathe him!' Commentator BRUTALLY rips into Blair for bid to DESTROY Brexit  
I look forward to sitting down with @LSRPlaid and others on Tuesday to discuss how we protect ourselves from a hard Brexit.  
Our Westminster leader, @LSRPlaid will be joining the other opposition parties this week to discuss how we can stop this extreme Brexit. Labour leader not bothering to turn up.  
Feel free to disagree with any decision and voice concern, but the nature of our democracy is that we accept the outcome of a vote. I voted remain but I was in the minority and now we need to make a success of Brexit. 
Jesus wept...is that the legacy of your premiership.. 5p carrier bags! What about the real issues in this country that need addressing NOW!! Homelessness, Poverty, NHS, Brexit, etc... to name a few! 
When the German student movement saw that there was no opposition in the Bundestag in 1968, they made their own APO (Außerparlamentarische Opposition). This is what #Remain has to be. We need to fight back, before Brexit  destroys Britain. #FBPE 
#StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPEPoll:Theresa May wants Britain to quit the #ECHR. Would you trust Theresa May and the Tories to protect our human rights? 
Questions for #Marr 1. He uses pejorative term “remoaner” a lot what pejorative has he used for #brexit ppl? 2. he uses clips of leavers saying “brexit means leaving SingleMkt” a lot, how many times has he used clips from leavers assuring voters that UKcld stay in SM post brexit? 
Lord Adonis, who recently resigned as head of the government-backed National Infrastructure Commission: “I do not know a single senior civil servant who thinks that Brexit is the right policy”  
Project Fear predictions that Brexit would damage the economy were 'wildly wrong'  
My view of Labour's leaders: Unprincipled, power-craving political slime balls who think if Labour can just keep people muddled & confused for long enough about its #Brexit stance it can slink into power and blame the Tories for the mess. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
A shame. I’m afraid  a “jobs-first Brexit” is a contradiction in terms and economically illiterate. Jeremy Corbyn 'lacks leadership' for snubbing Brexit coalition  
I still believe in #FBPE. I don’t care that provocateurs are trying to subvert it. I will still be standing her long after they have gone. I will also always identify as a Remainer. #Brexit will never be a good idea, even if it becomes a reality, so why switch to Retain? Never. 
Quite remarkable that Theresa May is unable to stand up to Trump in any way at all. Worrying as with Brexit will come the “very big” Trump US-UK trade deals, which will no doubt include our NHS. #Marr 
May:-‘We want a frictionless and tariff  free agreement with Europe’In other words: we want what we’ve got now #Brexit 
Labour - th biggest ally of the Tories in delivering a hard brexit  
Incredible - #marr questions on Brexit summed up - 'anything you would like to tell a grateful nation about Brexit going forward Prime Minister?' 
1/. Quick THREAD on #Russia, #Trump & #Brexit: 1 year ago US Intelligence agreed: “Moscow will apply lessons learned from its Putin-ordered campaign aimed at the US presidential election to future influence efforts worldwide, including vs US allies and their election processes’. 
Another perfect illustration of what impact assessments, even without excruciating detail, would & should have revealed. Or VAT experts, if only they had asked. It's not too late. 2018: At what cost, Brexit? #KeepAsking 
Theresa May insisting that a "transitional period" post Brexit is essential. Sorry, we DID NOT vote for any such thing and the fact you impose it on us explains why your ratings have fallen @MarrShow 
.@theresa_may speaking on #Marr about Brexit negotiations: there is "a real spirit of cooperation between the UK and Europe, wanting to ensure that we get a deal that is in everyone's best interests”. Here’s what you need to know about the first stage of the #BrexitDeal: 
There are pro-Labour people turning up on Twitter saying Labour is cunningly anti-#Brexit. This is misleading drivel, seemingly designed to placate Labour's Remainer members and supporters.Labour is pro-#Brexit and will be until (if ever) it's leader says otherwise. #StopBrexit 
I’m presuming he means ‘respecting’ the ‘UK’ result not what Scotland voted for. This is SLab’s Brexit ‘spokesperson’.  
Sunday Bollox to Brexit job done.Next Sunday I hit somewhere else.Now people will know what to blame for higher prices.#BolloxToBrexit#Brexit#StopBrexit#FBPE 
My friend @AlexTaylorNews, the symbol of Brits in France having to deal with #Brexit... and embracing French nationality as a result.  Bienvenue les amis!  
On the single biggest issue of the day, devastating Brexit, Corbyn fails: a failed leader standing in the way of opposing this mayhem. He has spent a lifetime opposing his own party and is still doing it! Labour should junk him.  
A new neo fascism is alive in Poland and Hungary. We should be making common cause to fight it with the best of EU. Instead we connive in it . A pox on Brexit.  
Well done @FraserNelson @AndrewMarr9 for trashing @pollytoynbee fearmongering  about 2,300 EU academics leaving because of Brexit. As Fraser pointed out EU academics always leave but this year MORE are coming 
Brexit leaves UK with ‘WORLD LEADING ECONOMY’ as Bank of England experts are HUMILIATED  
The EU Parliament's Chief Negotiator on Brexit (G Verhofstadt), the immediate past President of the EU Parliament (M Schulz), and former Vice President of the EU Commission (Viviane Reding) have all stated publicly that the EU should become a federalised United States of Europe. 
Don't be daft, Alastair. The people decided the "whether" question in a referendum that your side lost. 
Corbyn refuses to attend cross-party meeting on staying in EU single market . Corbyn avoids anything to do with Europe. He shares some attributes of Mrs May of not listening to the country. Stop Brexit.#FBPE 
Right from the word go @AndrewMarr9 sets the usual @BBCNews tone on Brexit ... 2018 the year we decide 'HOW we leave the EU' - should be 'whether' but Beeb have blackout on this debate 
The corrupt establishment was so horrified that the UK voted for #Brexit they are doing all they can to try & get it stopped, inc peddling the ‘all Brexit voters are racist’ narrative.If that were true, why do so many immigrants live/want to live here if 52% are soooo racist 
#Brexit passed on! Brexit is no more! It has ceased to be! Brexit is a stiff! Bereft of life. Brexit kicked the bucket, Brexit shuffled off it’s mortal coil, run down the curtain and joined the bleedin' choir invisible!! THIS IS AN EX-BREXIT! - Soon! :) 
Brexit? Iran? ...your leadership silent. But @toadmeister? Yeah, endless. 
Brexit, an idea created by the rich to benefit the rich.  
3 current Brexit problems for NHS:- EU nurses leaving up 67% (Brexit) & EU nurse recruitment fallen 96% (Brexit & IELTS)- £ fallen 15% increases NHS purchases by ~£900m/pa- GDP growth slowdown (top of G7 to bottom) & Brexit civil service cost extends austerity measures. 
In today's Brexit news:- Theresa May will move or sack at least six members of her cabinet in a reshuffle tomorrow- Project Fear predictions were 'wildly wrong'- Brexiteers to warn Michel Barnier of 'iron will' to walk away 
Brexit leaves UK with ‘WORLD LEADING ECONOMY’ as Bank of England experts are HUMILIATED  
Europe’s biggest #Brexit fear is that we’ll flourish outside... “You have often been right in the past from Henry VIII to the decision to challenge Hitler. Perhaps, once again, you are seeing the future more clearly” 
Milan moves to lure London asset managers after Brexit . @BeppeSala @MariaLatella @MEF_GOV @ItalyinUK @davidealgebris 
.@DanielJHannan: The trouble is that our officials are approaching Brexit as an exercise in damage limitation, seeking to salvage what they can of existing arrangements. We need to lift our eyes to more distant and more opulent horizons.  
I once called Brexit the gift that keeps on giving (good stories) now it is the gift that keeps on taking (away real benefits)  
Remainers' current strategy is bizarre. Their demands for £350m-a-week for the NHS IMMEDIATELY could only be met by exiting the EU right now. They are either taking voters for fools or simply do not understand how Brexit works.  
Tony Blair makes huge waves every time he speaks out against Brexit! Everyone hears his incredibly articulate message. I’m happy for Tony Blair to do that every day until Brexit is stopped. @jeremycorbyn and @PeoplesMomentum why do you moan and whine about Blair? 
UK charities will lose £258m of EU money after Brexit. Where's the plan?  
Jeremy Corbyn 'lacks leadership' for snubbing Brexit coalition "“It is unbelievable–and frankly, utterly pathetic– that on the single biggest issue facing the country Jeremy Corbyn has failed to show any leadership whatsoever,"Indeed.#fbpe#stopbrexit 
Liberals: Corbyn is shitAlso liberals: Corbyn could single handedly stop Brexit 
The BMA says nearly 1 in 5 NHS doctors from the EU have made concrete plans to leave the UK since #Brexit voteIn 2016/17, 11% of nurses leaving NHS were EU nationals. Numbers of Portuguese, Spanish and Italian nurses have fallen between December 2016 and June 2017.#NHSCrisis 
Project Fear predictions that Brexit would damage the economy were 'wildly wrong', says @LeaveMnsLeave analysis 
NHS Digital stats show there were 3,000 more EU nationals working in the NHS in June 2017 than there were before the referendum result, an increase of 5.4%. That includes 470 more doctors.  
In the 1980s, Yes Minister perfectly explained Britain's "divide and rule" policy towards Europe (see below).But now, for the first time, Brexit will take us out of Europe while the whole of continental Europe is united.We've never been in this position before. #StopBrexit 
Uncertainty over post-Brexit rights has made some academics fearful for the future - causing a “Brexodus” of top talent in higher education. Over 2300 EU academics have resigned already #BrexitShambles #Marr #Paterson 
We can do this! Help fund a BC Campaign Organizer for the referendum on proportional representation. We're 1/3 of the way to our goal already! #cdnpoli #PR4BC 
So.... Cambridge Analytica magically involved in FOUR potentially compromised elections now:Brexit, tRUmp, Kenya, Mexico. cc: @carolecadwalla @LouiseMensch @20committee @counterchekist 
Corbyn has just refused to attend a cross-party meeting to engage in talks with other parties on staying in the Single Market and avoid a so called hard Brexit.I guess if you are a Labour Remainer, this might not be the best news in the world right now? 
Brexit means Brexit, hard Brexit.Transition means from Remain to Brexit, hard Brexit, just putting off the devastating inevitable.Retain means trying to hang on to the shredded remnants of what we had.Retain? Not on my fucking watch.Remain means absofuckinglutely Remain.  
.@RemainerNow is doing a great job compiling and promoting the stories like this one of people who have changed their minds about Brexit. Well worth a follow.  
I'd warrant a large no.of ppl still have no idea about nor any real interest in, the implications of this damaging #Brexit. The level of apathy coupled with a naive sense they'll be relatively ok is astounding...talk about heads in sand..Up to our MPs to put UK 1st.#StopBrexit 
Internet censorship in the Catalan referendum  
Mr Corbyn faces renewed pressure over his Brexit stance after a new poll revealed 87 per cent of Labour members want the UK to stay in the single market and customs union.#StopBrexit2018 #Remain 
The effects of #Brexit, both now and post, are starting to impinge on the popular awareness.This desperate push to confuse voters into thinking the SNP shares the same ineptitude as the Tory government and piggyback SNPBad stories on the real crises in rUK is ugly malfeasance. 
Lots of #Brexity hate for @Andrew_Adonis he must be doing something right. Keep fighting! You stand with an army #FBPE #Remain #Brexit 
You cannot "overturn the result" of the 1st referendum. It is what it is. The real point is about the value of that result. A second referendum gives more not less power to the people, and whatever the result, it would be fresh, current, knowledge based - and, so, more valuable.  
Labour Party spokesman: "We will work with all parties to hold this Government to account every step of the way & achieve a jobs-first Brexit that puts living standards & the economy first,"Please walk the walk & not just talk the talk.This is not a rehearsal.#StopBrexit2018 
May to #reshuffle deck chairs on theTitanic as thousands die in the icy waters of austerity amid NHS crisis. Or, as I expect the MSM to report, - 'Strong May Secures her Vision for Best Brexit'#ToryMess2018 #NHSCrisis #homelessness #JUSTICE4Grenfell 
Here's Jeremy Corbyn, voting to trigger Art50, voting against staying in the Single Market and whipping his MPs not to vote for staying in the Customs UnionVote Labour, get hard brexit  
I'd say before calling a referendum.  A responsible politician would have asked whether the UK can leave EU without woefully damaging its economy, people's freedoms and rights, its security and its standing in the world/global influence, ie looked at all sectors & implications. 
EU flag flying in Brexit stronghold of Broxbourne. Now who could have done this? *whistles ... #Fbpe 
Neil is Scottish Labour's official spokesperson on brexit so this is the official position,  Unless Slab members want to challenge it. I think they should.  
Mimi may look a bit batty, but she thinks #Brexit is completely batty! That's why she's out on the street, calling for a #wooferendum to #StopBrexit. #brexitshambles #FBPE #ExitFromBrexit #BrexitDeal #BrexitDeal 
A quick glance at EU summit line-up and you wonder whether any of them are sane. One married his mother, one let in 1.5 million hostile migrants, one sent cops to beat up people for holding a referendum, one's a crazed commie and the list goes on. Yet they say #Trump is mad. 
Crazy. More than 130,000 UK firms will be forced to pay VAT upfront for the first time on goods from the EU after Brexit.Costs and prices will rise, and cash flows will be squeezed. Didn’t see that on the Brexit bus.More reasons to #StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
This is a great letter. #stopbrexit Letters: so many impossible things to believe before Brexit  
Jeremy Corbyn 'lacks leadership' for snubbing Brexit coalition  
The Brexit brain drain begins.More than 2,300 EU academics resign amid warning over UK university 'Brexodus'.Uncertainty over post-Brexit rights has made many academics fearful for the future.This is why we need to #StopBrexit and #Remain. #FBPE. 
The party of business administers another kicking to British business in order to appease the Brexit jihadis. Wonder what Margaret Thatcher would have made of this.   
Whilst I'm sure that university academics aren't a priority for the proponents of #Brexit (for many it is blue passports), this is further evidence of the impact of #Tories disregard. Brexit won't fix Britain, it will break it. #FBPE #Remain @labourpress  
Imagine this:A referendum on a policy that would only come into effect 40 yrs after the vote.Those under 50 vote for A, while those over 50 vote for B.If the older generation outvoted the younger, would it be democratic, or even ethical to force B upon them?  
Such a great loss to our Universities and our students. Brexit: More than 2,300 EU academics resign amid warning over UK university 'Brexodus'  
Had HMG bothered to ask any VAT lawyer before calling for a referendum and/or triggering Art 50 they would have understood the immense consequences of breaking up a sophisticated cross-border VAT regime. The negligence/ignorance remains breathtaking - every single day.  
Labour is *already* in a fight over #Brexit - with themselves. Seldom does a week go by when I don’t see one bunch of Labour MPs go in the aye lobby, another bunch abstain &another into the no lobby. Lack of clarity or direction is an abdication of responsibility. 
Remainers must reframe the debate: make brexit about the loss of individual economic opportunity that FoM gives Brits + EU citizenship as a Birthright, and not speculate about economic impacts.Arguments that appeal to the conservative outlook and are both aspirational and emotive 
The toxic populism of Brexit and Bannon mugged us at a crossroads, and isn’t the answer. A world of closed countries and borders can’t work now. What’s needed is respect for nature and a consensus on how to redistribute wealth. We need a way through the smog and resentment.  
More than 130,000 UK firms will be forced to pay VAT upfront for the first time on all goods imported from the European Union after Brexit unless UK stays in the customs union or in the EU-VAT area 
This is great. With local elections coming up let's ask our councils and councillors to be vocal about the damage Brexit would cause.#Remain 
Er, this is not going to go down well with businesses across the UK. We need to leave the sinking Brexit ship.   
Theresa May faces Brexit clash with MPs over import tax  
Extraordinary from key @facebook investor & Mark Zuckerberg mentor: ‘Facebook, Google, Twitter... were manipulated by the Russians to shift outcomes in Brexit & the U.S. presidential election...unless major changes are made, they will be manipulated again’  
If the #Remain campaign had put the case for a truly internationalist viewpoint half as impactfully as a sodding bank, we wouldn't now be watching Brexit diminish our wonderful nation.  
Steven Woolfe, John Longworth, John Mills & Digby Jones.Now that's a team I wish *was* representing us in #Brexit negotiations, not the various EU-phile Sir Humphreys desperate for consensus + Remainer-May.      
Brexit to swallow £70m meant for developing cancer drugs, says GSK  
Independent on Sunday. Brexit Brain Drain - in universities ...& it’ll be a catastrophic staff drain from the NHS. EU nursing applications  by 90%* since EU ref. #marr 
More NHS money spent on medicines & less money for Cancer research as a result of #Brexit say GSKI don’t remember reading that on the side of a bus.#exitfrombrexit 
Front page of Observer - huge Brexit VAT & customs consequences for thousands of businesses. Commons Library tell me: “This could see the number of customs declarations made by UK businesses to HMRC increase from the current 55 million to 255 million after the UK leaves the EU”  
If you voted Brexit because you live in an area of high immigration or poor investment in infrastructure, don’t blame EU. It’s the Tory Gov and they’re not going to do anything for you whether or not we’re in EU, I’m so sorry to have to be so pessimistic. 
I’m fundamentally against #Brexit as I see it as a real threat to all I cherish in this country. I see selfishness, greed and suspicion creeping into our society and I find it chilling. 
I'm a True Brit. Brexit has encouraged the knobheads to think they speak for all of us. We, the decent, friendly, welcoming, open-minded people of Britain are the majority and we will no longer be silenced. #FBPE #StopBrexit2018 
New BBC TV drama "Hard Sun" suggests world is coming to an end within 5 years. Ha ! Obviously written before they knew of Theresa's interpretation of Brexit which will do it in well under half that time.. 
The most unrealistic part of #hardsun is that the Government would know the world would end in 5 years. They still don't have a clue about #Brexit 
Lib Dem research reveals Brexit brain drain with over 2,300 academics from EU leaving UK universities in past year  
#Brexit: More than 2,300 EU academics resign amid warning over UK university '#Brexodus'. 
Remainers are the only people tweeting about Retain. It exists only in our tweets. This is a good example of how political opponents can be used to spread a message.Now let's stop mentioning it and watch it vanish.Please RT #FBPE #Brexit #StopBrexit 
I know it's easy to think that with Trump, Brexit and everything that things are bad now, but let's take a moment to remember how harrowing those first few days of 2015 were....  
.@LaylaMoran: Britain’s universities have thrived thanks to European cooperation and thousands of academics from EU. Now all this is being put at risk by this Government’s botched handling of Brexit 
Brexit....in a nutshell   
UK companies will face huge new VAT burden after Brexit  
Surely she will also be allowed to trot out a few Brexit platitudes without much challenge? As is @bbc mode 
Labour DIVIDED: Embarrassment for Corbyn as frontbencher QUITS over leader’s Brexit stance  
Here’s Gina Miller getting BLASTED on TV after saying that Britain should PAY BREXIT BILL  via @Your Brexit 
INDEPENDENT ON SUNDAY: Brexit brain drain: rise in university resignations #tomorrowspaperstoday 
130,000 businesses will face huge cost of paying VAT upfront on all imports from EU after Brexit unless UK stays in EU customs or EU VAT area  who voted for that? Some of the people running those businesses probably! 
Genuine question for Stop Brexiteers:Has the EU done any of the following since the Brexit vote?-Reformed-listened to the concerns of Leave & Remain voters-Protected democracy (see Catalonia)-Offered a genuine way back for UK-Clarified its direction-stopped bribing Erdogan 
Another massive #Brexit cost that the Leave campaign didn’t mention... Leaving the EU VAT Area makes 130,000 firms liable to pay upfront import VAT at the border on goods imported from EU27 for the first time. This Bill is debated in Commons on Monday   
More than 2,300 EU academics resign over UK university 'Brexodus' . Our country’s future depends on research, which is being destroyed day by day by Brexit and Mrs May is fully responsible. Shocking loss of talent. Stop Brexit.#FBPE 
Brexit threatens the port of Dover with massive traffic jams  
."More than 130,000 UK firms will be forced to pay VAT upfront for the first time on ALL goods imported from the EU after Brexit.". 
Ignore Tony Blair and Nick Clegg's warnings about Brexit. They are yesterday's men:  
Somebody's selling Brexit commemorative coins on Ebay. With "Independence" spelled incorrectly (ht @Crewedaddy) 
We can stop Brexit. But we’ll need some help from across the Channel | The Guardian  
Is it right to carry on with Brexit when we know the 'Brexit Generation' is dying out?  
Cost of importing medicines and medical equipment for NHS has increased by millions of pounds due to fall in pound since Brexit vote, @LibDems research reveals 
what the options are if Brexit happens. I am a realist: I know that, as it stands now, the UK will leave the EU in a bit more than a year’s time. That is how A50 works. I am not delusional. BUT: to me none of these things mean that it is sensible to now switch to 20/ 
I read tweets about the need for Brexit to go ahead so that there could then be a rejoin campaign a decade later or so, about “real meaningful things”. So what? Remain now isn’t meaningful? I read about remain cast as “sneaking back in”. 17/ 
So that’s a bit of context to my last month. But further context is that I am currently writing a book about Brexit. I don’t yet know what I will do with it. It’s not an academic book - for want of a better terminology I call it my Brexit autobiography. Hence, I am generally 10/ 
Brexit to swallow £70m meant for developing cancer drugs, says GSKThe Liberal Democrats said they had uncovered figures suggesting the cost of importing medicines had already jumped by £5m since the Brexit vote. 
The great brexit con #FBPE This is why the brexitears have no idea what they want. Remainers voted to remain with all the current benefits. Leavers voted to leave for different or no benefits. 
That is why it is important that we don't end up with a #Trump-ToryTradedeal after #Brexit  
Several polls have shown that a majority of British people now want a second EU referendum with a majority believing that voting to leave was “wrong”:  
I don't believe the average leave voter wants this:Brexit to swallow £70m meant for developing cancer drugs, says GSK  
What a waste. Brexit is diverting £70m meant for developing life-saving cancer drugs, says GSK.Britain will be better off and healthier when we #StopBrexit.#FBPE.   
Who's to blame?Over 1 million dead Iraqis - BlairDead/injured British servicemen - BlairMassive national debt - BlairTuition Fees - BlairMass immigration - BlairHousing shortage - BlairNHS cash shortage - BlairDamaging Brexit negotiations - BlairDividing the UK - Blair 
."Up to £70m will have to be diverted from developing new cancer drugs in order to prepare for the impact of Brexit, Britain’s biggest maker pharmaceuticals of has warned.". 
Labour has to move on Brexit, and should make the case based on core Labour values. 7/  
"There is no Alternative". Now where have we heard this before? Hard Brexit is however crumbling around the Government. 6/  
Vote Leave economist admits Brexit would 'mostly eliminate manufacturing'  
Don't believe the hype that Brexit is inevitable. This is a deliberate strategy. It is what you are meant to think. 4/  
Good to see letter in today's Telegraph from @RamblerVan @RogerGeffen @WeAreCyclingUK @BritishHorse @RamblersGB @openspacessoc welcoming @michaelgove 's intention to include access in post-Brexit payment scheme  
#FBPE1) remainers like me are trying desperately to not attack Labour Leadership.We see Labour membership is against the worst excesses of Brexit & Labour is major ally in this fightBut this from @BarryGardiner is just repeating Tory #brexit rhetoric 
The "undermining" argument is ludicrous. Compare and contrast what Norway did when their referendum was 52/48 not to join. They found a solution that would be acceptable to everyone bar the extremes. Our Govt is doing the opposite & Labour front bench is following! #Brexit  
An advisory referendum won on lies which then is used to deliver economic destruction. A government full of MPs with no moral standards. A PM who stands by lying and useless cabinet members and who appoints a misogynist who jokes about anal rape. What has the UK come to? 
This confirms response to my debate on human rights post Brexit in the Lords. Govt would only commit to the ECHR for this Parliament!Be warned.Theresa May ‘will campaign to leave the European Convention on Human Rights in 2020 election’   
Dia Chakravarty: Ignore Tony Blair and Nick Clegg's warnings about Brexit. They are yesterday's men #premium 
Brexit to swallow £70m meant for developing cancer drugs, says GSK  
Before the referendum I warned that Brexit would be a disaster for pharmaceutical access & innovation.  Others disagreed (read to end of my piece). Now we can see who was right   
We have to deprive them of art and drama because they must be jam-packed full of knowledge and tests which fail those who can't take the load, or the post-Brexit project of millions of low-paid school failures will fall apart.  
Bombshell Wolff interview just revealed Trump’s frightening admission about Brexit  
Why a referendum on any Brexit deal won’t hurt our bargaining position.Good analysis by the excellent @JolyonMaugham.#StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
EU nursing applications  90% since Brexit ref. EU staff leaving. NHS already 40,000* nurses short. Brexit will be catastrophic for the NHS & open it up to lucrative US-UK trade deals (private healthcare)   
This is a clever move by a cross-party group of MEPs laying down red lines which if crossed by Govt will result in support for #Brexit rethink.Good to see @CharlesTannock heavily involved. 
As I have been saying - the European Convention on Human Rights is clearly the next target once Brexit is properly underway. And it’s at huge risk  
If Labour dropped 10% in the polls as a result of Corbyn opposing #Brexit, the same "moderates" would be calling him unelectable again and plotting another coup. And that's precisely what they want. They must think we're stupid. 
I sincerely believe that #Brexit will be positive story. I also sincerely believe that within 20 years the EU will be struggling beyond comprehension, both economically & politically. History will judge that the British people made a wise decision to leave 
#Remain One by one. Little by little.#FBPE #StopBrexit #brexit  
Remember this and realise why the shyster Blair is getting involved in #Brexit  Blair the saviour of EU by keeping UK in the EU - Junker out and Blair made EU president - He works for himself, as always!  
A simple message to @theresa_may @jeremycorbyn I want NO BREXIT. #IwantNOBREXITRT and make them see, #StopBrexit #FBPE #Remainers #remainernow 
#marr Back from a break, bloody Guardian  bore journalist on FFS Polly Toynbee ! Every politics show on BBC out comes Guardian journalist unbelievable.  All say say same thing all of them hate Brexit & hate Donald Trump. Guardian only newspaper has more journalists than readers.  
@Jeremycorbyn right not to get involved in SNP stunts and gimmicks. Labour will get on with job of fighting for best possible deal for the whole of UK, which protects our economy and the people of this country, whilst at the same time respecting the result of the referendum 
Brexit remains a very dumb idea. #Remain 
Brexit is not a certainty. It is not a done deal.It’s not too late to change your mind. #Remain#StopBrexit#FBPE 
Right, off we go - let's get #Remain trending between now and 7pm. Add any other anti-Brexit hashtags you want but please include #Remain  Super girl! #loveEU #StopBrexit2018 #Remain 
It is widely accepted that people who voted to leave the EU, did based on misinformation, now we have more concrete facts on the table, should there be a second EU Referendum?  
#Brexit politicians have not engaged in democratic debate with Remainers. At first they tried to pretend that we didn't exist, and since we refused not to exist they have sought to deny our right to oppose & have insulted us & treated us as saboteurs & traitors.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
11/ When we understand that the defining characteristic of democracy is not majority support but accountability, we can easily see that the one-off Brexit referendum was not democratic. I dislike referendums, but there is no denying that a 2nd referendum would help rectify that. 
If 'will of the people' never changed then society wouldn't either. Rights would not be granted, power would not change hands, etc.A year and a half after the Brexit vote the will is changing once again. It's trying to deny that that is the true undemocratic act. #FBPE 
The right of the party were busy trying to out ukip ukip a few years back with talk of controlling immigration which fueled Brexit. Now they are suddenly all pro sngl market. Is it anything to do with the fact 70% of Labour's constituencies voted leave & they want JC gone?  
Far from injecting millions into health, Brexit is killing the NHS. If money squandered on exiting EU was invested in healthcare, we would be able to improve and save many lives 
Sounds familiar to me. Boris and Gove didn't really wanna win Brexit 
Why Theresa May's hard Brexit outside customs union won't work:Four million goods vehicles cross the Channel each year.Most are EU vehicles, so not stopped at customs.Non EU vehicles are held for checks which take from 1 - 5 hours.source, UK Parliament  
Oh USA what hv u done? Conned by "populist" #Trump who didn't want to win & hasn't a clue on delivery. Sounds familiar? #Brexit #Leave et al 
Nigel Farage BLASTS Sadiq Khan for attacking Donald Trump and not stopping knife crime in London  via @Your Brexit 
Tell me if you think it is normal for, say, Europeans to say “Japan and Tibet must go in a multicultural mode. That transformation must take place. And European will be at the center of that transformation”.#openborders is a planned destruction of Europe.#Brexit Wake up  
Italy hopes tax changes will lure asset managers after Brexit.  
A warning to #Brexit politicians. You have tried to crush us under your heels as if we were political vermin. We won't forget. And as demographic change gives us an ever larger majority you'll find we won't be in a mood to forgive. #StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
Tory Brexit = bad Brexit, but Labour Brexit = great. Guess Bubonic plague would’ve been great with Labour branding.   
Brexit will kill the UK motor industry. It cannot function without freedom of movement of goods.Example: a crankshaft for a BMW Mini crosses the Channel three times in a 2,000-mile journey before the car is finished.source  … 
The awful truth @IanBlackfordMP is that @jeremycorbyn is cheerleading #Brexit with the likes of Johnson, Gove and Farage.  
So basically, to paraphrase James Kirkup: "We lost the referendum so we must do more to understand the thick, racist, simpleton plebs and their curious fondness for the baubles of empire". This is why bubble dwellers are uniformly cunts who'll never get it in a billion years. 
They thought Labour backed Brexit because they said they did !  
If LAB’s vulnerable on Brexit how come the majority of its GE17 gains from CON were in Leave areas?  via @MSmithsonPB 
Shocking abdication of responsibility from Jeremy Corbyn who appears to be no different from the Tories in pursuing a disastrous hard #Brexit.  
Was King George III’s warning to the newly independent colonies a prophecy of Donald Trump’s spiralling isolationism or an admonition to Brexit leaders fumbling after the British Conservative Party’s recent electoral setback?  
Remainers like me are wrong to sneer at the cultural Brexit changes including stamps and passports, writes James Kirkup. After all, symbols matter:   
Cheap stunt to pick a fight with Labour. Jeremy Corbyn replied courteously. We’re open to working with others but not easy when Brexit, like everything else, is a game to the Scottish National Party.  
We were warned the #NHS would not be safe in the hands of #Brexiters. Those warnings are coming true, hence #NHScrisis. So-called #projectfear now very much #projectreality. Best course of action: #FinalSay to #ExitFromBrexit & #SaveOurNHS. Let's drop #Brexit & fix UK's problems.  
So why is this even a story?Our Government still don’t know what Brexit is eighteen months after EU referendum. Now that's a story.  
How much clearer can Corbyn be about his pro Brexit intentions? Labour Remainers need to get behind Andrew Adonis before it’s too late! 
Very disappointing that @jeremycorbyn has refused to attend opposition cross party #brexit  summit organised by @theSNP. It really is time for Labour to step up to the plate on single market & customs  union even if they won’t #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Personally I think males should not be allowed to vote in the abortion referendum because it’s basically got a fraction to do with us and it’s not our body but whatevs 
The British people deserve another referendum—this time on the factsIf the government presses ahead without legitimising its Brexit agreement in a popular vote, millions will fight backBy @vincecable in @prospect_uk 
To be fair nobody knew what Brexit was. And we still don’t.   
NHS hospitals told to take drastic measures amid winter crisis. Brexit has pushed up costs by damaging the pound and it has pushed away doctors and nurses when we already had a staffing crisis. 
A three time ex PM holds a public gathering & terms it as a referendum against decisions of the country's highest judicial body. Yet everyone ignores it & is obsessed with someone's alleged third marriage? Ok then, atleast it proves who is news worthy & center of attention. 
Thank heavens for #Brexit 
44% drop in Tory membership since Cameron left.... What could possibly have happened?!?Remind me... why did he leave again? ‘Brexit is a revolution that devours its children’ @Andrew_Adonis 
.@oflynnmep tells BBC: "It's the Brexit blockers like Blair, Adonis, Clegg who should be described as extremists."Quite right.  
A leading legal academic has said the campaign for the UK to leave the EUwas “criminally irresponsible”, in a scathing assessment of how the referendum debate was played out. 
Very pleased with 0-0 against Fleetwood. Most important thing is the clean sheet and tough performance. Yes we're first division but this was a Hard Brexit game by the coast, their players are wallopers. No heated leather seats for the staff, a bobbly pitch. Lovely stuff 
 why Tony Blair is the real extremist on Brexit - first edition of my Brexit vlog. 
Corbyn, you can make as many campaign promises as you like regarding public services....But if you keep helping the Tories force through Brexit without a Final Say, there simply won't be the money... and you won't have the votes.#LabourDoorstep 
I agree with this. Labour and Tories need to get the message that Remainers will not vote for a Brexit party. If not they'll continue to pander to the kippers.  
Nigel Farage - "A whole procession of Remoaners has been going in to see Monsieur Barnier. We’ve had Adonis, Clegg, Clarke. It’s about time he heard the view of the 17.4 million people who voted to leave." #Brexit  
Theresa May planning to remove Britain from treaty which prevents torture, slavery and unfair trials  #brexit 
Sorry @BarryGardiner - Brexit is not a negotiation, think of it as choosing a deal from a menu- To “oppose the Govt in the best interests of the country” inherently means opposing Brexit- 78% of Labour members back a referendum on the deal, it's time Leadership represented us  
At last! Someone is speaking up for the people, the referendum, Great Britain and Brexit.   
The moogster nails it.Hoping to stop #Brexit whilst accepting SM+CU as least worst option is entirely logical.Campaigning for the former does *not* make the latter any less possible, if anything it helps as many arguments are the same  
Coming soon to a #Brexit hospital near you.  
I did not follow Blair over the Iraq cliff, because it was wrong.I will not follow Corbyn over the Brexit cliff, because it is wrong.Corbyn was vocal in his criticism of Iraq, because it was wrong.I am vocal in criticism of Corbyn over Brexit, because he is wrong.Simple.  
Brexit codifies austerity for the UK. Whether its Corbyn or May, taking £50bn a year out of the public purse means significant reductions in the welfare state. 
Let's say that the president could be removed from office by popular referendum and it took three days to organize such a referendum.  How long would Donald Trump remain in office? 
Brexiteers to warn EU’s chief negotiator Michel Barnier of Churchillian 'iron will' to walk away from a bad deal.There is “huge support” for reverting to WTO rules instead of accepting a bad & unacceptable deal.#Brexit #EU @telegraph 
Blair uses NHS crisis to fuel Brexit fears, despite the evidence against him  
It is only since Brexit that I realised how corrupt Britain actually is. And the media. It’s not freedom of speech, it’s sheer propaganda. #StopBrexit #StopFundingHate 
Not sad at all @dirkraakbra7 we're a band of British fishermen who see Brexit as an opportunity for a positive liberation from EU & its punitive policies that hve decimated our industry.We were expendable on joining-the EU fleet is expendable on our leaving.The free lunch is over 
Henry McLeish writes for us on Jeremy Corbyn's Brexit failures – and why it will force more Scots to consider independence 
Catastrophic financial cost of Brexit 'revealed' in new study. Hard Brexit would ‘cost £400 billion, wipe 18% off GDP and cause a recession’  
Let me get this right: Farmers vote for Tories & now realise the financial losses they'll suffer due to Brexit so they demand the #SNP bail them out, is that about right? 
Not on our watch, as if the Brexit decision wasn’t bad enough! Time for Parliament to do its job properly, and protect the nation from any further damaging and destructive decisions.  
TEHRAN- Rouhani adviser Professor  Sadeq Ziba-Kalam admits that in case of referendum more than 70 per cent of Iranian voters will vote against the Islamic Republic. In wake of #Iranprotests, demands profound policy changes to prevent disaster for country. 
Love the new #Brexit stamps.   
An excellent take down by @JolyonMaugham of the Brexiters’ argument that having a referendum on the #Brexit deal v #remain will weaken UK’s negotiating position with EU.It’s clear UK needs to find a way to #ExitFromBrexit 
Brexit: May urged to stay in EU single market by 20 British MEPs.Cross-party group says leaving single market would leave UK poorer.And if the Government keeps on this path, voters should be able to rethink Brexit.#StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
Our broken political system has caused Brexit. Like a pendulum we have swung from L to R then back again and so it goes on. Meanwhile ordinary decent people get left behind. Then along comes a dream, a promise to make it all better. Only it won't, it can't, because the >>2 
Lord Owen says there is a positive story about Brexit  
If we leave the Single Market, we can no longer fund two-thirds of our Manifesto commitments. Even if we stay in it, we lose nearly half.However we dress Brexit, the best deal @UKLabour can strike for the 100% is the deal we already have.#StopBrexit 
Always worth an RTAfter Brexit: the UK will need to renegotiate at least 759 treaties  
Despite Brexit...  
There is NO such thing as EU money - the EU has NO money of it's own.EU budget money is from nation state contributions of which UK taxpayers contribute about £13+ Billion.We just cut out the EU middleman by paying subsidies direct to UK farmers.#Brexit #EU 
Please show this to anyone who says Brexit isn't having a terrible effect on the stock market. Compared to our main competitors - US, Japan, Germany and France, UK shares are doing terribly. We need to #StopBrexit Give us a #FinalSay @theresa_may @thomasbrake @jeremycorbyn 
I am for #republicacatalana and was saddened by #Brexit. But I am for a Europe of (independent) regions not the @JunckerEU Europe. 
I voted Leave and I'd vote Leave again and I'm nowhere near the age of this 'Brexit Generation'. So is the answer to exclude older people from voting if they might vote the 'wrong' way?Typical pro-Remain BBC propaganda. Cancel Your TV Licence.  
Milan moves to lure London asset managers after Brexit  
As the referendum on #repealthe8th gets closer. Please look after your mental health. Twitter can be a toxic place - It's okay to walk away from it for a while, talk to your supportive friends and come back when you feel ready. #KnowYourRepealers 
This is quite shocking.  Imagine.  A stroke victim being one of c25 patients waiting in ambulances. Now think long & hard on the money that is being spent on Brexit.Do I resent it?  Every single penny.  It can only get worse.  
Just had Labour supporter canvas me in the street. I told her I can't support them until Jeremy backs a referendum on the final deal. I can't be the only one that thinks this way. 
On Jan 16, MPs return to debate #Brexit. One very simple thing we can do is to greet them with a full scale #StopBrexit Twitter Storm. Obviously supplementing this with email, letters, demos etc. would be excellent.#FBPE@Emma_Forage 
We actually all joined the Tories over a year ago to spread the dezinformatsiya and push them in the direction of a hard Brexit. Activate, Moggmentum, Theresa May's leadership...all us. 
Brexit wrecks it. It was never going to be the solution to the UK’s problems. Having tried to make it work we now have clear evidence that Brexit will destroy us as a nation. #FBPE 
'Deep State' dictatorship: - Germany: Internet censorship #NetzDG - France: Internet censorship  - The Netherlands: destroying referendum law + Internet censorship - UK: 2 years after Brexit, still no real Brexit - Spain: Jailing Catalan politicians  
Since 23rd June 2016 the UK gvt has maintained the same dreamlike aims on #brexit. We now have 10 mths to get real. Barnier has mapped out where we're heading with T Mays red lines. There's nothing for financial services & definitely no +++ #ExitFromBrexit#FinalSayForAll 
Tony Blair: The reason it's important that the debate carries on is because the options for Brexit have very different economic, social and political consequences. It's important we keep our options open until we see what the Govt comes up with.Watch and share #BrexitFacts 
Labour DIVIDED: Embarrassment for Corbyn as frontbencher QUITS over leader’s Brexit stance  
David Goodhart on what the EU fears most: that we’ll flourish after Brexit  
Britain not ready for Brexit trade talks*, warns our own commissioner.* (for "trade talks" read "economic suicide")  
I am proud to be part of this cross-party group of MEPs arguing that the UK should stay in the Single Market (as, ironically, many Brexiteers stated during the referendum campaign).  
Alex Cunningham quits Labour frontbench over Jeremy Corbyn’s Brexit policy 
The Royal Mail launch their new brexit stamps @RoyalMail @royalmailnews #FBPE #StopBrexit 
Today’s silly competition: Win a Ducati cap signed by Jorge n Dovizioso. The best Brexit joke wins  UK tweeters only because I’m too mean to cough up for international postage  
Nick Clegg accuses May of a 'scandalous dereliction of democratic duty' on Brexit  via @BIUK_Politics she doesn't know the meaning of the world.  She has a duty to her country.  #StopBrexit2018 #FBPE 
We all warned about this risk during EU Referendum campaign but were ignored as Remoaners. After Brexit Result my prediction was dismissed on possibility of abrogating of Le Touquet Treaty by local MP @CharlieElphicke so frankly despair. 
Conservative MEP Charles Tannock -  "the 52% victory for leave in the EU referendum is a margin not convincing for Brexit - given the scale of constitutional change" 
Any EU disunity will mean it takes much longer for the EU27 to come to an agreed stance on Brexit's phase 2 talks over the course of 2018.Are UK pundits aware such slow internal EU progress actually makes a No Deal outcome more likely? 
Obviously May & Davis are on track to fail all 6 tests but just to be clear: passing the 2nd is impossible and would be for any negotiating team. It is a logical impossibility. Labour should come out and oppose Brexit now, anything else is dishonest.  
Nawaz Sharif to five Supreme Court judges: your biased verdict against me on the basis of Iqama has been rejected, peoples referendum is against you and your hatred  
We can and must stop #Brexit, for the economic wellbeing of Britain, and particularly for that of poorer groups and regions, says Timothy Garton Ash (@ fromTGA):  
Apparently, Trump @POTUS didn't know what #Brexit was 2 weeks before the referendum. Ah well - 18 months on, and @Theresa_may and millions of Leavers still don't understand what it means. #StopBrexit2018 
Continuing to fight for remain does not mean altering reality to suit oneself. It means standing up for what is right for the UK, the lives of millions, and to safeguard the very fabric of the UK because Brexit will destroy it.  
Britain is about to commit economic and social suicide... This is the reason the Royal Mail won't produce pro-brexit stamps!! #Brexit #Toxic 
Right-wing Brexit politicians are liars.When lies prevail reasoned debate ends, to be replaced by shouting, insults, anger, broken promises and growing disillusion with, and contempt for, democracy. We must not tolerate the liars.#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit  
@jeremycorbyn : Given the Government is on track to fail @Keir_Starmer 's six #BrexitDeal tests, can you now commit @UKLabour to voting against #brexit ? #brexit is a luxury for the few - the #EU is a necessity for the many. #JeremyCorbyn #keirstarmer @Labour4EU 
WATCH | "I absolutely want to sabotage Brexit," says traitor Andrew Adonis.   … …The unelected lord adds: "I'm a democrat I'm a parliamentarian."   Hypocrites like this little dictator should be removed from public office. 
Isaac Newton invested in slavery. Slavery is wrong. I will therefore ignore his views on gravity.☟Blair, Milburn and Adonis have important things to say on Brexit and Britain today  
Like him or not, Nick Clegg makes a worrying and potentially very accurate statement when he accuses May of a 'scandalous dereliction of democratic duty' on Brexit. It mustn't be allowed to happen.  
Given that Nigel Farage's team were discussing how to win the Brexit referendum with Trump's team in August 2015 it seems unlikely that he was not aware of the word in June 2016 
Snowflakes blaming’old people’for Brexit & now for the state of the NHS,just shut the f***up you nogood parasitic little twats!Obviously u forgot they have contributed to the system longer than anyone else & have a right to their say & treatment after all they paid the most in ! 
Donald Trump 'did not know what Brexit was'  
Brexit. We’ve all seen the tweets calling people traitors etc. On the whole we are told to respect the decision, the will of the people. That crap. I suggest that wouldn’t be enough. 
TGraph, 23 March 2016: "Trump: I believe Britain may leave the #EU".  - 3 months before Referendum Day.BBC will eagerly believe, and peddle, any old s**t that fits their desired narrative and agenda.  
So the Labour Party is silent on Iran, confused on Brexit, but gloriously united in its demand to sack Toby Young over things he tweeted eight years ago. Get a moral compass. 
The deal Britain will be offered by the EU will be impossible to accept and will be calculated to break brexit. If Britain leaves, others will leave as well and the EU know this. Britain must therefore be punished. We should leave now and start getting on with our lives. 
I am pleased to have signed this cross-party letter to the PM. The people must have the final say on the Brexit deal @Open_Britain @juliegirling @SebDance @vincecable 
With all the talk this week of new Brexit stamps it seemed like an opportune moment to look at where stamps come from…  
Seems astonishing that Eric Clapton, who owes his whole career to black music, was a virulent racist in the 1970s. But kudos to him for recognising it for what it was, and changing. He's right that the same kind of poison fed into Brexit, too.#r4today 
I joined in a little drive to get #Remain trending. Who's up for twitter bombing the hashtag between 6 and 7pm UK time today?You can add other anti Brexit hashtags too but that's the one were going for.It will need a lot of us to make it work. 
So it sounds to me like @bbcnickrobinson was bang on to suggest Trump didn't know the *word* Brexit, but knew what it *meant* in June 2016. Good eg of Wolff leaping to conclusions. Here's his full @BBCr4today words. And May 2016 report:  
"If the price of #Brexit turns out to be a loss of control over the rules, and an economy that will leave us poorer, people have every right to keep an open mind about whether the Brexit course... is the right path for our country."  #StopBrexit 
HYPOCRISY: Unelected Remoaner peer Lord Adonis vows to sabotage Brexit...but not in an 'undemocratic way'. Apart from the fact he'd be going against the democratic will of the people? 
Great to have the pellucid @PeatWorrier back writing regularly for @scotnational. A sense that strategic boldness from #indy movement might well push through the crumbling walls of the Brexit-raddled Union. All brains on deck.   
More you learn about Gove cave-in to farmers, the worse it gets. The one unanswerably bad bit of EU policy goes unreformed for 8 years because of age-old special interests. Treasury forced to suck it up as ever. Bodes poorly for a brave new #Brexit Britain.  
In Today's News:- Brexit rebel claims Hammond wants to remain in Customs Union- London crowned Europe’s top tech investment city- Blair uses NHS crisis to fuel Brexit fears- FTSE 100 closes at a record high... again  
Eric Clapton on #r4today confesses he was an ignorant racist bigot and links those beliefs to Brexit. Having conquered his demons, & rescued by music, he says he voted Remain.#stopbrexit #fbpe #WeAreTheOppositionNow 
Do you recognise the line ‘a second referendum would undermine our negotiating position’? You should. It’s the same line being used by the Tory right - so fearful of public opinion, these fools are beginning to sound the same.  
Brexit: May urged to stay in single market by 20 British MEPsProud to sign this. Have to hope @UKLabour will take advice from its EU experts - it’s own MEPs  
Ooh, I woke up to a lot of notifications, from angry remoaners!  I'm a really bad person for using facts & destroying their 'blame Brexit' lies.   
Michael Wolff on #r4today describes Trump's inadequate intellect. He never reads, understands nothing, is interested in nothing, behaves like a small child.The Americans voted for vacuity & nihilism when they chose Trump.We too suffer from this disease. Stop Brexit. #FBPE 
Trump book author Michael Woolf claims that Trump didn't know what Brexit was until the term was explained to him in a conversation Woolf had with him @BBCr4today 
Six reasons why a referendum on the deal won’t hurt our bargaining position  
I've been informed by a #Brexit headbanger that the people cannot be allowed to overturn the will of the people. The only reason they object to a second referendum is that they know they're going to lose in a huge landslide.#FBPE for the win! 
MUST-READ: Cross-party group says leaving the Single Market would leave UK poorer and merit voters being allowed to rethink Brexit 
#Brexit Have a great Saturday today everyone let’s have a Brexit free day. Bored out of my head with it. Non stop Bloody remoaners out every day trying to derail Brexit. We voted we’re leaving get over it !! Go shopping, go down the pub, or listen to some pop music.   
Breaking free from EU could see GM Brexit boost, says Michael Gove  we go GM foods for Brexit Britons and super profits for the multi nationals. It’s perfectly safe they say but they won’t be eating it. Shameful Gove. Stop this madness.#FBPE 
Spanish MEP, Esteban Gonzales Pons, on why the EU is a force for good in the world and why Brexit is a “walk backwards into history.” 
Thank you @RCorbettMEP  Richard Corbett MEP has called on David Davis, Brexit Secretary, to demand regional Brexit impact reports following the “fiasco of the inadequate sectoral impact assessments”.@DavidDavisMP , IMPACT REPORTS are not going away. 
Brexit: May urged to stay in single market by 20 British MEPs  
Bafta-winner Wunmi Mosaku: ‘I’m glad my eyes were opened after Brexit. It was an outburst of ugliness’  
Everyone AND I DO MEAN EVERYONE should read this as to why the UK government is NEGLIGENT IN ITS HANDLING OF ALL THINGS EU REF AND BREXIT NO MATTER WHICH WAY YOU VOTED  
Brexit has been the biggest shock to my political soul for decades. But when @BBCNews and @BBCr4today fail in their duty of impartiality in reporting it and in numerous interviews it’s like the centre of my political soul cannot hold. An unfamiliar and disturbing feeling. 
Another high profile Labour resignation to #StopBrexit -let’s send @ACunninghamMP likes and followers to show MPs that the courage to put country above party wins votes. Brexit was a false promise: when facts change, minds can change #ExitFromBrexit #FBPE 
.@DUPleader It's almost as if Brexit's gonna decimate the agri sector. But what would they know, eh? 
When a generational project like #brexit is increasingly concerned with the “bread & circuses” of blue passports, royal yachts, imperial measures & now “brexit stamps” it’s clear brexit is the emperors new clothes of policy making. There is literally nothing worthwhile there.  
"Applications for Irish passports almost double after Brexit"Who knew there were so many countries about to leave the EU?  
Lord Adonis claims 1/2 of civil service think Govt is 'trashing national interest' on #Brexit.Not surprising these are some of the most highly trained, educated people in the UK & loyal servants of it. Must be devastating for them.#FinalSay #StopBrexit 
You know, a part of me wants Brexit to go ahead, and a hard Brexit at that. This is the part of me that is petty and bitter and wants to show people the consequences of their actions. But I care more about my country and my EU friends so I campaign to stop Brexit instead. 
How Brexit is quietly killing science  
The Tories pulled the Brexit trigger and unleashed the bullet.Labour are now working hard to ensure the projectile hits the target.Both are equally guilty of putting party ahead of country  
Brexit or Remain?If there was a general election tomorrow who would you vote for? It would be helpful if you could RT when voted please 
Unless @UKLabour change their position and oppose brexit then I will take my vote elsewhere. I have voted Labour all my life. This is too important. #Remain 
2/ “The far left rejecting the EU as a capitalist plot, and so simultaneously supporting an actual plot by deregulatory, low-tax, far-right disaster capitalists to destroy social democracy forever.. The scientology of the Brexit spectrum.” @GuitarMoog 
1/. If you aim for retain rather than remain, the minute another Government gets in (or even this one after Brexit) they can rip it all up as there’ll be no EU preventative bottom oversight.This is a weak and shortsighted approach to Brexit. 
Do you agree with what Tony Blair has to say about #Brexit but can’t bring yourself to agree with him in public? No problem. Take his arguments and deploy them yourself. Claim they’re yours if you like. He won’t mind. 
Because the Brexit Broadcasting Corporation has decided that Brexit is inevitable & any news relating to the possibility it isn't must be wrong & therefore not newsworthy.Binding #FinalSay 2018 to Confirm #Brexit or #StopBrexit 
Blair held a referendum on whether there should be a Welsh Assembly.50.3/49.7% voted in favour, with a low turnout.That result was not contested and it was formed. If that was enough for Blair then, why is 52/48% in favour of Brexit, with a high turnout, not enough for him now?  
I appreciate that Brexit looks fairly set at this point. But it has not happened yet. Why on earth abandon the remain position now? 2/ 
I will not let this government have its way. 2018 will be the year the UK wakes up to the lies of Brexit. How dare they destroy our future on a referendum based on lies. Don’t stop fighting. 
Corporate client getting all political on me today with their @NicolaSturgeon pen. Becoming really clear that many in the Scottish business community are very concerned about the #economic impact of #Brexit & are fully behind @theSNP plans to oppose it 
A binding ref would have required a super majority to ensure a reasonable consensus. Parliament decided that the referendum was advisory. It was illegitimate, dishonest & irresponsible for Cameron to promise otherwise. Gutless MPs have failed to defend parliament sovereignty. 
Siri, how are brexit negotiations going?  
But I don't accept for a second that this position excludes me from having the right, or responsibility for that matter, to comment on how and what type of Brexit is being done. 
Stopping Brexit may be unlikely, but it is very much possible. I'll keep arguing for it until it is achieved, or stops being possible. 
These were the promises of #Brexit If not met, it was the stated policy of @UKLabour that Brexit would be opposed in Parliament.Corbyn must be true to his word & stand up for the people against the tyranny of propaganda & jingoism. It is time to #StopBrexitSaveBritain#FBPE 
Quick lesson in law:Just because a Prime Minister says something, does not actually make it so.The referendum was legally non-binding, this makes it advisory.  Any decision to adhere to it was Cameron's own personal decision, and not actually the law. 
The worst censorship event in the west: Inside the digital fight over the 2017 #Catalan referendum  
I think Brexit can & should be stopped. I also think that if it does happen, SM+CU would be the least damaging version of it. Believing in and campaigning for the former does not disqualify me from having & voicing a view on the latter. I see no logical incoherence in this. 
This is a Brexit troll with around 12k followers pretending to be #FBPE. I've just blocked it.#StopBrexit #Brexit  
Apparently, it’s impossible for some people to accept that Blair is speaking more sense on Brexit than the current Labour leader.It seems they would prefer to keep shouting “Yes, but Iraq!” and have the Tories destroy our country, than accept that Blair is right. *sigh* 
Half of Civil Service think the Government is 'trashing the national interest' on Brexit - @Andrew_AdonisAnd many MPs privately think Brexit is a disaster but want to see public support to speak out. So keep making the case to #StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
I agree 100% about Brexit with multi-million selling author Peter May. He told me: “It’s complete folly, an act of self harm, based on misinformation, prejudice and downright lies.”  
Is there anyone left fighting to keep Brexit alive with any argument other than, “will of the people”? 
Q. Why is BBC #Newsnight obsessing about Trump?A. Because it’s therapy for their defeat over Brexit. 
A reminder of some of the #LeaveLies that were sold to the UK. Now that they have used up all of the credibility people assigned to them it's time for a new #Brexit referendum to test the 2018 “will of the people.”  If you want one then lobby your MP to bug their party leadership  
32% of Labour remain voters believe Labour is “completely against Brexit” & a further 31% of Labour leave voters believe Labour is “completely in favour of Brexit”.We should spread the following simple tag #CorbynWantsBrexit#StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE /1 
We are sinking into Brexit. We don't have time for a new centrist party. Why are Remainers wandering around like lost sheep? If we don't do something fast, we will fall into Brexitland, muttering and tweeting, how did it come to this? 
Time to rehabilitate Blair. Forget his legion faults, he's the most serious figure in the UK campaigning for a reversal of Brexit. His advice to Corbyn to brand it "Tory Brexit" is sound, though it will be ignored.  
#Brexit Britain is #sweatshop Britain. It’s a place where the wealthy get richer, while the lives of everyone else gets vastly poorer. It will allow you to work longer & for less, travel less & eat less. Don’t let evil liars defeat us, there is an alternative 
Added the hashtag #PCPEU to my profile.I'm pro-Corbyn AND pro-EU.The Tories are *destroying* the uk, dragging us the way of the US (who are fucked, frankly).Brexit under the Tories will be an unmitigated disaster. Support Corbyn's Labour and get the Tories OUT.Support #PCPEU 
I never saw Labour gamble with the economy for political reasons call a referendum & run away scared when they lost, it was you Tories who did this and left the country in chaos & then inflicted the Maybot & a cabinet of gamblers, chancers, tax avoiders and sexual deviants on us. 
Tormentuous times call for tormentuous defence!#Brexit - the perfect storm for the be-suited Fascism edging its way into these little isles..FIGHT BACK!RESIST!#WeAreTheOppositionNow#StopBrexitAdd your ballast & please support: 
This is John. John is supposed to be impartial, but he is biased in favor of Brexit.  
Leading Brexit saboteurs Adonis and Osborne were among the seven UK attendees of the transnational elite's 2017 Bilderberg Conference:  
13) The fact is, the Brexit fight is starting to work.  The tide is starting to turn.  We may have to start with a soft brexit but the fight is far from overTelling us we're obsessives who are doing it wrong is just a distraction driven by a separate agenda, pay it no heedend/ 
10) the problem is however, this anti brexit movement *isn't* going well for Labour Leadership.Corbyn was supposed to be the hero, but he is naturally constrained by his Northern seat worries.  This is understandable but he cannot get ahead of this anti brexit movement 
Seeing as lies peddled about the NHS were one of the most influential factors in Brexit, let us ensure that the truth about the NHS becomes the primary reason for the country voting against Brexit in any 2nd referendum. 
“The NHS is already in crisis – Brexit could finish it off” 
9) the fact is, far from putting people off and embedding them in, the anti brexit campaign is starting to work.  80% of Labour Members want a 2nd refThe public recognise that Brexit is going badlyAll they need to realise is it can be stopped 
The Real Reasons for #Brexit: John Major on the Tory Brexiters: "The NHS is about as safe with them as a pet hamster would be with a hungry python."#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Macron tells Erdogan: No chance of Turkey joining EU - Turkey joining was one of the lies of the Leave campaign. So many #Brexit lies, the British people were conned!  
Before there was #NationalBirdDay, Massachusetts had “Suffrage Blue Bird Day.” On July 19, 1915, approximately 100,000 blue birds were pinned up around the state, showing support for a referendum to give Massachusetts women the right to vote.  
The Real Reasons for #Brexit:Rees-Mogg: Britain could slash environmental and safety standards after Brexit. Regulations that were "good enough for India" could be good enough for the UK.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
#FBPE 1) #Brexit, getting them rattled & if it ain't broke don't fix itI've been involved with the Anti Brexit community since just prior to the ref.Although we haven't always agreed overwhelmingly I've found anti Brexiters committed, open and passionateHowever... 
Fucking #Brexit stamps?!Commemorative stamps for the most monumental cock up this country has ever seen?! Are you FREAKING kidding me?!Damn right it's "divisive"#BorisJohnson can "Go Whistle" if he thinks there's going to be #Brexit stamps#StopBrexit pic.twitter.com/VzoDL1gRQD 
Brexit WARNING: 'Merkel will draw the line!' Expert warns Germany will SABOTAGE Brexit  
I don’t want to be insulting but I think the head of JCB is a bit better judge of the business implications of Brexit than you.  
Contrary to Brexit narratives the Brits are pragmatic on immigration. They want control & lower numbers while they value international students & high skilled workers  
The real reasons for #Brexit:European commission to crack down on offshore tax avoidance - the measure will come into force in 2019#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Brexit offers freedom and great opportunities to the UK. A Corbyn government is the greatest threat to that future. 
Even in big majority vote leave constituencies most Labour voters voted Remain. Labour should be offering an alternative path to the Tory Brexit austerity politics.  Brexit would be disastrous for growth jobs and investment in the NHS and other public services.  
Great piece. Lovely to see this talent coming through. Show looks awesome. @Channel4 Bafta-winner Wunmi Mosaku: ‘I’m glad my eyes were opened after Brexit. It was an outburst of ugliness’  
BREXIT CHAOS: Britain not ready for Brexit trade talks, warns our own commissioner / #Brexit #Toxic #StopBrexit 
As @JamesColdwellUK says, the grassroots movements of @Labour4EU & @Remain_Labour need our Labour MPs to stand up. Many hold the view supporting Brexit is incompatible with the beliefs they hold most dear. They must say so, proudly, and without delay. 
Labour peer Andrew Adonis declares he wants to 'sabotage' #Brexit. This shows complete contempt for the referendum verdict.  
EXCLUSIVE: Labour's European Parliament leader has written to David Davis demanding the govt assesses the impact of Brexit on different regions in the UK. He says it is important especially after the "fiasco of the inadequate sectoral impact assessments"  
Went out after posting a tweet about how the disaster scenario predicted by Remainers hadn't happened outlining good things that have happened since Brexit.Come back to 502 tweets, most of which are either abusive or arrogantly talking down completely evidenced backed facts.  
Tony Blair has told some brazen lies in his time but yesterday’s stomach-churning dishonesty on Brexit was putrid even for him:  
The true cost of Brexit? The government can’t focus on anything else 
."Last week, I was one of 70 south London Labour councillors to write to Keir Starmer. We called for Labour to offer CLEAR opposition to Brexit" 
The day after the Brexit vote, someone asked her if she might want to go back to her “own country”. “It was really heartbreaking,” she says. “This is my country, this is my home. It reminded me that I wasn’t born here"  
Following on from my Nick Clegg 'EU referendum' post I spotted this by Paddy Ashdown. It's another example of things Remain must keep under wraps. If anyone mentions it simply say it is fake news.  
Tony Blair’s shrill Brexit warnings won’t persuade anyone, says @goodenoughtom 
Half the civil service think Mrs May’s Govt is 'trashing the national interest' on Brexit  
The economy is not delivering for working folk, whilst Brexit is only making it worse. Staying in the single market and the customs union would at least help.  
I don't know why we doubted them - Rebecca Long Bailey explains Labour's Brexit position and now it's clear as mud  #Brexit #LabourFail#TheCorbynCon #GodHelpUs 
'Brits loathe him!'"Tony Blair would have no involvement in Brexit if he truly cared about the Remain campaign."“At the end of the day he’s doing more damage to it than good. I think the vast majority of the British public loathe him."#Brexit #EU 
Fake News: Blair Claims Brexit Harms Productivity, as Growth Hits Six-Year High  
After Boris Johnson calls on Royal Mail to produce a commemorative stamp for Brexit, the new design is unveiled...  
Not only were those pushed away, the UK govt, and tabloid rags, basically vomited bile on them. So while I agree that there obviously needs to be some input and support from the EU to avert Brexit, you really need to appeal to Britons to achieve that. 2/ 
Sorry, but it’s not their responsibility. In fact: if the change does not come from within the UK, it’s useless anyway. Plus after the referendum there was a lot of goodwill among both EU leaders and continental Europeans generally. Hands were extended in friendship. 1/  
He has failed the key test of opposition  - to oppose the Tories Brexit project. What makes you think he'd do any better in government?  
Pro-Brexit Kate Hoey MP: Campaigns with Farage, votes against the Party, defames a former Leader, at odds with Members, champions a devastating Hard Tory Brexit - Not a peep said.Pro-EU MPs: Sidelined, disciplined or sacked at every turn.It is simply not right @jeremycorbyn 
Britain 'would be booming' if it wasn't for Brexit, the Governor of the Bank of England says 
Why Brexit is demographically doomed: its supporters are dying outBy @daaronovitchpic.twitter.com/bEvKiFp2z9 
This sums up the tragedy of #Brexit; a false blame attached 2 the EU which overrides all National interest to the extent UK cits will be poorer & lose control & influence in the World cos of Sovereignty & Immigration; one we never lost & the other we had control over. #StopBrexit 
#Brexit = privatisation of NHS#Brexit = tax haven#Brexit = loss of rights#Brexit = economic suicide#Brexit = UK asset stripped#retain = #Brexit#retain = surrenderBetter to die fighting evil than surrender and be consumed by it.#FBPE#StopBrexit2018 
Fuck me ........ people who voted for Brexit are insisting the SNP who didn’t vote for Brexit pay them money when Brexit bites them in the arse.   
So apparently the brexit favouring company JCB and it's ever expanding workforce are having a great time with order books full, no doubt the remain biased news will sweep this story under the carpet  
As a follow on, I’ve been defending my views against Remainers and Corbynites today. How crap is that? The worst case scenario is a hard Brexit under a Tory govt. Keep attacking Labour and that’s what we may end up with #PCPEU 
Hammond refuses to rule out CU with EU after BrexitHe knows that leaving the CU & no doubt the SM will be bad for us but can't bring himself to say #StopBrexit #FinalSay 2018 
Tony Blair's latest broadside on Brexit shows he's in total denial. his decision to open floodgates to Eastern Europe immigration was major factor in result 
Tony Blair: Brexit should be seen as an “opportunity” for EU leaders to deal with issues citizens have on the European project.David Cameron tried that & Brussels humiliated him.EU is unreformable, undemocratic & unwanted...#Brexit #EU 
."Amidst the furore of the tragic Colman’s closure in Norwich there’s a white elephant in the room that has yet to surface; Brexit.". 
When Brexit is cancelled,there will need to be a big clean out in parliament. We will need to be governed by able, positive, professional people.There are a fair few of those in parliament right now, though not all are putting their heads above the parapet..yet.. #StopBrexit2018 
Top Wealth Manager: Brexit Is Short Term Pain for Long Term Gain   
Hope you are right at the forefront of criticism of impending staffing crisis that will likely be a result of Brexit. NHS Grampian board member described UK gov lack of action on labour implications as disastrous in a meeting I was at with your colleagues-their heads were down. 
Remoaners claim United Kingdom is in a state of disaster following the Brexit vote.Meanwhile in reality since June 2016:- Manufacturing up- Employment up- Stock markets up- Exports up- Foreign investment up- Deficit down- Housing market steady- Nations waiting to trade 
Office of National Statistics reveals hourly labour productivity had biggest rise since 2011 up 0.9% in the 3rd quarter of 2017. that will be despite Brexit 
. Must Read from Labour Councillor @JamesColdwellUK "The likelihood of bringing about a reconsideration of Brexit is so much greater if Labour MPs lead the effort." . 
BBC has ‘insisted’ (in BBC news speak) that we WILL be leaving the EU since the day after the EU ref despite the many hurdles, lack of any plan & risk. Any question, discussion or argument of other scenarios has been resolutely shut down. Just the govt mouthpiece on Brexit. 
Does anyone know who started #FBPE? This quite simple thing has strengthened the anti-Brexit movement as swells the following of those opposed to Brexit - and therefore lets them dominate the trending list and therefore the narrative If you don't know please RT to find out  
Sign Carroll and Brexit FC is well and truly underway. 
Michael Gove is right to prioritise stewardship of the countryside when preparing for Brexit, says @thetimes 
Some in Labour are clearly rattled by #FBPE and are trying to discredit, distract & divide our #FBPE movement. This means we are succeeding. Let's keep up the pressure & help Labour move towards a pro-EU position reflecting the views of its members & voters.#StopBrexit #Brexit 
Agree 100%. @Labour4EU @laboursinglemkt @labour4europe @Labour4Eurostay @maryhoneyball @mnottingham @London4Europe @euromove + I have been making this point for ages. My line? #brexit is a luxury for the few - the EU is a necessity for the many. NB @jeremycorbyn @Keir_Starmer 
Those advocating a Turkey-style partial Customs Union with EU post-Brexit need to explain why it would make sense to allow EU to sell access to our markets without our control as that is what it would entail 
Rural Affairs Spokesperson @patsymcglone reacts to Tory Minister Gove's plan for dealing with farming subsidies after Brexit: “We simply cannot trust the Brexiteers that they will protect the interests of the farming community here post Brexit"Read more:  
Electoral Commission opens investigation into Brexit donor Arron Banks  via @CityAM 
#PollAtFiveIs Tony Blair right when suggesting the Labour Party would be more popular by opposing #Brexit?Please RT for larger sample. 
This @BBC response to @KimSJ is shocking. The claim that #Brexit is a process that 'will happen' shamefully parrots the government promoted falsehood that Article 50 notification is irrevocable.The BBC does not exist to peddle falsehoods @bbcnickrobinson#StopBrexit #FBPE 
I refuse to join a campaign to stay in the EU that is dominated by the same neoliberal "moderates" who have used every trick in the book to take down Corbyn. They're clearly using #Brexit as a proxy to continue their anti-Corbyn agenda. Count me out. 
Interesting that @EmmanuelMacron tells @pmdfoster he is worried about EU unity in phase 2 of Brexit talks. I've heard same worries in Berlin. But FRA & GER's v hard line on Brexit risks eroding unity of 27:  @CER_EU 
The problem all along with the Brexit negotiations is that the UK has seen itself, alone, as equal or even superior to the EU27 combined.Our arrogance is utterly delusional. #StopBrexit 
HEALTH WARNING - If you're a #Brexit headbanger and find a lettuce leaf growing out of your ear then don't ignore it.  That symptom could be just the tip of the iceberg. 
Friends! It gets worse!Figures recently made up by a highly-expert expert - i.e. me - show that the UK economy is now losing over £20 billion *every single day*, due to Brexit!And yet if you tell Leavers this, they just say "What a load of cobblers!" Talk about Hate Speech!  
The nearer we get to 29/3/19 and Our Glorious Brexit, the higher the UK and US stock markets rise.Are they trying to tell us something? 
And this in the Telegraph!Britain 'would be booming' if it wasn't for Brexit, Mark Carney says  via @telegraphnews 
I am good at sneering. It is one of my life skills. Blue passports and Brexit stamps are very sensible things to sneer at. 
 More money invested in Londons tech industry in 2017 than all the other EU capital combined. These global savvy investors don't seem to be sweating it over #Brexit . Maybe we will survive after all :) 
For Scotland, of course, there is a different question. Should we jump off the Brexit cliff despite a clear majority voting to remain in the EU? Do we see our future with the chaotic Brexiteers or as an independent country within the EU?  
Absolutely right. What Tony Blair was suggesting was to use fair, legal & democratic methods of stopping Brexit. For Humphrys to then say there would consequently be ‘civil disobedience’ was completely scandalous. Time has to be called on Humphrys’ job at the BBC  
MPs debate #Brexit Trade Bill next week. If it passes as it is, we might as well do away with Parliament. Clause 2 lets ministers amend a whole raft of our laws including the Equality Act and Modern Slavery Act with little or no parliamentary oversight  
History lesson 2045. Today we look back at the infamous 2018 #ZimmerFrameRiots sparked by the cancellation of #Brexit. Lasted all of six minutes before the rioters ran out of breath and arguments.#StopTheMadness #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Of course the rest of the EU would be delighted if Brexit fails and the UK remains a partner around the table in Europe! We would all be stronger. @fromTGA 
Helped along by Tory Brexit supporting Corbyn who is diverting 4 billion £ of funds to Brexit. Brexit = Mega Austerity  =less money for NHS.  
What do we know since Brexit? Economic growth is down, we have skill shortages in the health service, we've had a 15% fall in our currency. There is a lot of fact that has replaced claims – Tony BlairWatch the full interview with @euronews ↓ 
A range of indicators shows that Britain’s economy looks set for a subdued run-up to #Brexit.  @BruceReuters 
DUP openly against Good Friday agreement. Why - increasingly - Brexit looks like straw breaking back of false compromise of Stormont’s rotten burgh  
LAB on Brexit1) Why are LAB getting blame for Brexit?2) Why are people not pointing their ire at the Tories?a) It's their referendum. Their Brexit.b) It's the Tories fucking it up!3) LAB should not interrupt their enemy whilst they are making a mistake - Napolean Bonaparte 
David Cameron in 2015 - "When the British people speak, their voice will be respected, not ignored. If we vote to leave, then we will leave. There will not be another renegotiation and another referendum."Could not be any clearer. 
Exactly the same happened in the UK with Brexit: An accidental win. 
Ask me to choose between an alliance with a 'Tory' like Tony Blair to stop Brexit or an alliance with a Tory like John Redwood to deliver Brexit, I'll take option A please. 
#BreakingNews: Former UKIP and Conservative MP Bob Spink has been sentenced to six months, suspended for two years, after being convicted of four counts of electoral fraud.#Brexit #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Seriously, what is the point of #Brexit?Will it give £350m extra to #NHS? NOWill it maintain exact same rights & benefits as we have now? NOWill it make us better off? NOAll the #Leave promises are broken. #Brexit isn't what we thought. We CAN change our minds. #FinalSay 
Anyone else like to join us? Overturning Brexit is important to me, but a Jeremy Corbyn Govt is more important. Maybe we can get both.#PCPEU. (Pro Corbyn, pro EU). I’ll follow back anyone using the hashtag. (But unfollow trolls) 
The Labour Party on #Brexit:- Voters: Remain- Membership: Remain- MPs: Remain- Leader: Leave And the Official Policy is...LeaveWho is @jeremycorbyn representing? Himself?Has @UKLabour elevated a dictator, to rule it with an iron fist? Is it still a democratic party? 
"I am sick and tired of hearing about chlorinated chicken because it's not true."The US Under Secretary of Agriculture defends the American poultry that could be heading to the UK post-Brexit after being challenged by @TomClarkeC4.  
So Blair says Brexit should be stopped. This is the man who promised a referendum on the EU Constitution then reneged after it was renamed the Lisbon Treaty. He also led the campaign to join the euro. His judgement is so poor that nobody should ever listen to a word he says! 
We can't rely on Blair: It's time Labour MPs called Brexit out for what it is – and demanded voters get another say  
At a pro-Brexit rally I covered just before the referendum, Steve Hilton was introduced as "one of the greatest thinkers of our age" and I let out an involuntary snort so loud it would have been clearly audible from the stage.  
The fall in the pound mainly occurred before the Brexit decision  
Britain would be booming now, if it weren't for Brexit, says Bank of England governor Mark Carney. 
@BarryGardiner, which bit of WE WILL NOT GET A BETTER DEAL THAN WE HAVE NOW is unclear to you?!By its very definition BREXIT MEANS GETTING A WORSE DEAL.STOP BREXIT - keep the better deal.  Improve what we have from within the EU.How is this so hard to understand? 
Jeremy Corbyn & a referendum on final Brexit deal   
Since quitting as UKIP leader Paul Nuttall has deleted his twitter account and vanished into thin air BUT he remains an MEP. Let's look at his record. Paul's last "activity" as an MEP appears in April 2017 when he gave a brief speech during the Brexit negotiations debate.  
Have you heard about the Article 50 Challenge? If you believe #Brexit is wrong & you want to #StopBrexit2018 this is the best legal challenge we have going! But....it needs paying for by us. Please pledge & circulate as much as you can. #FBPE  @W_A_T_O_N 
#retain is meaningless. Enough ambiguous fence-sitting, Corbyn needs to step up and support a referendum on the deal. Start acting like a proper opposition.  
The Conservative Brexit rebel who dealt Theresa May a parliamentary blow has a hypothetical argument for a second referendum  
#Retain is the Lexiter model: ”The far left rejecting the EU as a capitalist plot, and so simultaneously supporting an actual plot by deregulatory, low-tax, far-right disaster capitalists to destroy social democracy forever.. The scientology of the Brexit spectrum.” S Bullock. 
.@ThePoke suggests a new stamp for #Brexit#Retain suggests keeping the nose.#Remain#RemainMeansRemain 
I appeal to all my followers to support @A50Challenge,a legal honest challenge to prove the illegality of Brexit. I have pledged & I would ask you to try to do the same or follow at least.I am not well off,I struggle to make ends meet,but please try &support. 
I'm asking voters to respect the result of a major referendum. We treat democracy with contempt at our peril. I say this as a pro EU remain voter. I also happen to believe socialism v neoliberalism is the defining choice of our times, not Brexit.  
Germany's DEBT WARNING: Alarm bells as EU giant loses £70 A SECOND as 'debt clock' ticksGermany FAILS Maastricht 60% public debt rule.And Germany problems are EU problems.Expect latest debt revelation to cause reverberations throughout EU#Brexit #EU 
Analyst/Prof Zibakalam from inside #Iran: If we have a referendum today for Islamic Republic more than 70% will vote no.  #IranProtests 
Not just right of centre. I consider myself a left of centre conservative in the Ken Clarke mould and I find Corbyn and McDonnell too extreme and they’re pro Brexit.  Labour would hoover up votes if they were more centrist and opposed Brexit 
If you think the Leave campaign only used the side of a bus to mislead the electorate, think again - every single statement in this video is incorrect, but that's not the real scandal, the real scandal is how they knew which voters to send these dark videos to in the first place. 
Times columnist David Aaronovitch has found hope for a successful second referendum: Leave voters are dying at a faster rate than Remain  
Politicians should bear this in mind. For a long term policy like #Brexit they have a duty not just to the electorate of June 2016, but to electorates to come. At the moment most are pretending that duty does not exist.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
This humorous thread has a serious message behind it. The #Brexit we were promised is not the #Brexit on offer. The nation deserves the right to have the #FinalSay on the deal now the facts are becoming clear. #FinalSayForAll #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Brexit Politics  is Local Politics#StopBrexit on May 3rd 
Don’t miss this @talkRADIO 7pm #Trump #FireAndFury #Bannon #Crime #Punishment #Blair #Brexit  
WTF is this?? Yes, I'm Ultra Remain. Therefore OBVIOUSLY I'm going to prefer politicians who stand up to oppose Brexit. Me getting into bed with Redwood Gove Johnson Paterson & co?? Not now not ever. Noone who does can really call themselves a socialist.  
Exciting plansvia @TheCanaryOTPMichael Gove to be turned into nature reserve after Brexit 
It appears that Prior to #fbpe those who wanted to #Remain were viewed as ‘useful idiots’ for those on the Momentum left. Now that we are organising they are scared as they will not be the beneficiaries again without changing Brexit Policy - Hence this #retain BS 
Hammond refuses to rule out customs union with EU after Brexit  You heard the one about the dysfunctional government that has no idea what it’s doing? We’ve got one on this side of the pond too... 
Blueprint for new Brexit stamps revealed by @SuzMcC72 #Brexit #Stamps #PokeChallenge 
Busy writing final report on Brexit and Scottish Business with @MichelleThomson . Some remarkable new findings. #Brexit @ChangeLtd #business 
Alex Cunningham quits Labour frontbench over Corbyn's Brexit policy  Let's hope a few more Labour MPs show their conviction for staying in the EU, & Corbyn is forced to listen. #StopBrexit2018 
To the 72% of English born Scots who voted No in the referendum. Your best way to improve the conditions and politics of England is for am independent Scotland to set an example of how government can function well when apart from the rotten systems of the British Establishment. 
William Golding explains Brexit  
Tony Blair’s Dodgy Dossier on Brexit should be swiftly binned  
2/2 I’m seeing far more criticism of Labour on my TF than the tories. This is a Tory Brexit. They enabled it, and they are making a mess of it. I cling to the hope that Brexit will implode, but if it doesn’t, I’d muchrather have a socialist Govt dealing with the aftermath. 
Study: Locally-Rooted People Affected by Immigration Helped Drive Brexit  
I’m probably going to lose a lot of followers with this tweet, but so be it. Firstly, I voted remain and continue to be anti Brexit. I haven’t adopted #FBPE because it seems to have been infiltrated by Tory and Brexit trolls. 1/2 
Amelia, 17, and Tom, 14, after a meeting and signing of documents today to confirm their French nationality - without giving up being British. “At least now we don’t have to worry about Brexit” said Amelia. (Being born and educated in France helped, and a far easier process.)  
This is the year to #StopBrexit There is absolutely no choice but to fight Brexit to its death unless we want to live in Brexit Britain. And I'm damned sure I don't!#FridayFeeling 
@J_amesp   Come and do your bit in the UK , Guy. You actually know now that "brexit" was procured by Putin and his associates after 4.9 million British citizens were disenfranchised " for political reasons" . Do come and help us restore British democracy - do it for Europe 
 £160m investment 100 new stores 1,600 new jobs in 2018The Co-op backs Brexit Britain!   
I do love the men saying we won’t win the referendum because of me messing on twitter. The UN just rang me and said I better stop saying men are trash or they’ll edit Ireland out of the human rights charter. 
What are your views about Tony Blair and his stance on Brexit? Please RT.Choice 1: I hate TB and hate his views about Brexit.Choice 2: I hate TB, but he's right about Brexit.Choice 3: I like TB, but hate his views on Brexit.Choice 4: I like TB and like his views on Brexit. 
We and Brexit Taliban aren't "in it together" David Davies takes a private jet to Brussels. Won’t fly scheduled. Nigel Farage has millions stashed in offshore accounts and an EU pension.   #FBPE #Inequality #RemainersNow #austerity #Remain #LabourParty  
New Political Thinking podcast coming soon with the woman tipped to be Labour’s next leader @EmilyThornberry on how poverty, failing the 11 plus, the death of her cats and singing shaped who she is; on whether Trump is a bigger threat than Putin & on Brexit  
UK productivity jumps at fastest rate for six years.Good news ...... which is why there's no mention of Brexit in the headline. 
Ross Barkley alongside Danny Drinkwater with Andy Carroll up top...Brexit means Brexit. 
Live poll of British farmers at #ofc18If the brexit referendum took place today how would you vote?71% Remain 29% Leave  
Worldwide shortage of butter, sugar, drum wheat & coffee (for 3rd year running, incidentally) But hey - let's blame Brexit!!  
It's time to clear out the Remainers from the Cabinet and replace them with Brexit-supporting MPs!  
Brussels DEMANDS €1.4 BILLION from Russia!Good luck with that, but you may find extorting money from Mr Putin is not as easy as it was from Mrs May.Russia has already rejected the idea of paying any money whatsoever to the EU.#Brexit #EU 
This thread is a must-read for anyone concerned about Brexit, but especially for anyone who is bamboozled by those who, while purporting to be Remainers, advance contorted, illogical arguments FOR Brexit, sabotaging our campaign to stop this self-destruction. #StopBrexit2018 
Here is my article in @EasternEye on why we in 2018 we need an evidence led #Brexit -as people have a right to know how Brexit is go­ing to affect their jobs, their careers and their live­lihoods: 
2017 was an exceptionally busy year for us - from #brexit negotiations to negotiating the #nuclearban, launching #passportonline & #irelandconnected. Check out some of our key 2017 achievements below! @Irish_Aid @DisarmamentIRL @GlobalIrish @simoncoveney @HMcEntee @ciarancannon pic.twitter.com/0gogAMaSXu 
Farmers + landowners who voted for Brexit now asking the SNP (who didn't vote for Brexit) to subsidise the inevitable commercial damage and loss of income  that the broken promises of a Tory/Labour Brexit will bring. Couldn't make it up!  
Delegates @ORFC #orfc18 vote unanimously for integrated sustainable farming as a priority for public support and subsidy post-Brexit. @MichaelGove @VickiHird @UKSustain @WildlifeTrusts 
David Cameron in 2015 - "When the British people speak, their voice will be respected, not ignored. If we vote to leave, then we will leave. There will not be another renegotiation and another referendum." #Brexit  
After Brexit our stamps will be returning to the iconic Penny Blue, which was a patriotic navy blue and definitely not black. It was absolutely never black. NOTHING HAS CHANGED. #BrexitStamps #pokechallenge @ThePoke 
". . never able to reconcile himself to the fact that the British people did not listen to his advice. . "Terrific piece by @KateHoeyMP at @BrexitCentral on #EU-fanatic Blair's Dodgy Dossier on #Brexit, and why it (& by inference he) should be binned.  
.@KateHoeyMP: "Labour should remember that Brexit happened because working class voters thought that the establishment had stopped listening to them. Any attempt to stop Brexit now proves their point."  
#AskBarnier: Farage to Meet EU’s Brexit Negotiator and ‘Represent’ Brexit Voters   
On that figure that ‘86% of Tory supporters don’t want a 2nd referendum’ (trigger warning: because they know they would lose) we have to ask: 86% of what? - see below:  
But *not* stopping Brexit will cause a major economic and/or political crisis, because it won't be as sold. This aspect must not be left out of account.  
This well worth supporting   "Brexit" is not a "done deal" - indeed the indecent haste with which it is being pursued now suggests that some people are up to no good. #StopBrexit2018 
May says she is getting on with the job of delivering #Brexit “according to the sovereign decision of the British people”. The majority of the British people will return it to sender, address unknown. Soiled goods anyway.#StopTheMadness #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
"Germany has to do a lot more because the Americans can't be counted on. This is the new world order." @IanBremmer on how #Brexit talks will impact the coming year:  
Given the state of things as they are in the negotiations, Should the #UK continue with a hard #Brexit / #WTO 
If you want to know the real reasons for Brexit, forget blue passports and similar delusions. Ask who will make money from deregulation.  
Hammond refuses to rule out customs union with EU after Brexit > interesting  
DEMOCRACY: “Nobody is representing Brexit voters” except the two main political parties, the government and the media.  
Have arrived in Sofia with Minister @HMcEntee to meet PM @BoykoBorissov as Bulgaria takes up the EU Presidency. We'll discuss Brexit and priorities for the Presidency, incl the CAP & the digital economy.  
No retreat!No Surrender!No Backsliding!Stop Brexit!#StopBrexit2018#StopBrexitSaveBritain#ExitFromBrexit#exitbrexit#Remain#WeAreTheOppositionNow#FBPE 
Labour's Barry Gardiner says it's a mistake to call for a second Brexit referendum  
@NFUtweets fought against #indy. Now they want @scotgov finance them. How about fight for #IndyRef2 and then come back with your begging bowl? Or, go speak to @Conservatives about post-brexit #brassnecks  
Brexit stamps #pokechallenge #Brexit @ThePoke 
Seems Chancellor may understand importance of customs union for our economy, but unfortunately Conservative hardliners don't. @LibDems will fight to stay in customs union and single market, and give people a chance reject a botched Brexit and stay in EU. 
Electric Pulse Fishing should be banned in UK waters post-Brexit until full extent of harm it causes is properly investigated.Electric fishing's illegal but EU has 100 vessels on a 10yr "trial"!?We wouldn't accept tasering cows so why accept tasering fish?  
RT if you know that it’s Brexit that makes EU folks feel unwelcome and not Remainers  
Just leave this hereVOTE TORY, we got AUSTERITY & BREXIT!VOTE LIBDEMS,we got TORIES!VOTE CORBYN’s LAB, AUSTERITY will be reversed, NEOLIBERALISM will be defeated,HOMELESSNESS will be removed,INEQUALITY will be reducedLIVING STD raised &EU mess resolved #ForTheMany 
Today's @ScotNational bit | Brexit has given us a brutal object lesson in what halfwit constitutional change looks like. Supporters of Scottish independence had a responsibility not to make the same mistakes.  
The £ was $1.41 on 14/6 pre-vote & fell to $1.29 on 7/7 after the vote. It is now at $1.35. The £ has moved in big swings in recent years largely unconnected w/ the referendum. I doubt those who think it's the cause say the £ has rose 7% against the $ last year because of Brexit. 
Labour's Barry Gardiner says it's a mistake to call for a second Brexit referendum  
Andrew Adonis has told this week's @ProgressOnline podcast half the civil service think the government is 'trashing the national interest' on Brexit  
"He's starting to sound like a broken record" says @MattTurner4L as Tony Blair​ says Brits should be able to change mind on #Brexit after deal.  
The fall in the pound mainly occurred before the Brexit decision. It reached a peak of $1.71 on 6 July 2014.  It fell to a low of $1.38 on 28 February 2016, well before the referendum vote when the establishment and City were still all convinced we would vote to stay in. 
I know what you mean about the media, James. Remember that DJ who 'loudly and wildly' exploited the death of Arek Joswik, claimed Brexiters had 'blood on their hands', then said nothing whatsoever when it turned out the killing had bugger all to do with Brexit?  
The fall in diesel car sales is nothing to do with Brexit. Car sales rose well against the background of a falling pound in the year before the Brexit vote, and rose strongly for the first nine months after the Brexit vote when the pound fell further. 
Tony Blair's ambition of becoming President of European Council could CRUMBLE with collapse of EU...“Let’s be clear: the anxieties of the British people that led to Brexit are not confined to Britain."#Brexit #EU 
Thank you again @Andrew_Adonis for speaking out about the abomination that is Brexit.We are all working together to #StopBrexit2018 and if some insist on calling us #remoaner s well, we are in very good company.#FridayFeeling 
I think he's failing to spot that has the young Remainers start to work and pay tax, they'll begin to swing around to the idea of Brexit. 
Friends! Summary:1. We can stop Brexit.2. But we'll need some help from across the Channel.3. After all, as the picture below shows, only a few fanatical Remoaners like me are left in the UK.4. So we must get Our EU to democratically block Brexit for us.5. That's all, folks!  
Labour's Owen Jones claims that #FBPE has no plan. Yes we have a plan Owen. All that has to happen is for your party to support a #FinalSay referendum. That's simple, democratic & feasible. Why are you so frightened of it!#StopBrexit #Brexit 
Warboys was tried for only a handful of offences by DPP who's now Labour's Shadow Brexit Mnister.Tried and convicted when last Labour Government was in power. The IPP scheme he was sentenced under was a Labour idea, set up in 2005. Tories abolished it in 2012.Blame Labour 
In 2017, so since the #Referendum, the UK  Tech sector has attracted £2.5bn of investment, more than Germany, France, Spain & Ireland combined. #BREXIT & full #Independence are crucial steps to our future prosperity @UKIP @LeaveEUOfficial 
Actually the polls already show that most people think BREXIT is a mistake and by the time we leave the EU there will be a substantial majority for REMAIN. So denying the electorate a say is about as anti-democratic as you can get... 
Don't fall for any soft Brexit option...it's illusory...it's still #Brexit...no agreement...no Repatriation of Rights can be guaranteed beyond one Parl in future..even if Labour attain power..Tories may get back at some stage. If we're out we're out..fight 2 #StopBrexit #FinalSay 
The harder the likes of The Sun and Boris Johnson campaign for trivial distractions like stamps and passports the more obvious it becomes they have no meaningful positives to point to from Brexit.  
11) in my opinion is perfectly acceptable to internally accept that soft Brexit is the best we can hope for, that doesn't mean we externally capitulate on Remain at this stage, not when the reasons for leave are collapsing - this feels like another agenda 
Here's my proposal for the first Brexit Stamp.  
The Corbynite Brexiters' only arguments for #Brexit seem to be, that Tony Blair got Britain into the Iraq war, and that the @LibDems were in coalition with the Tories.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
#LBC Tony Blair on everywhere yesterday trying to derail Brexit !! Then Sir Vince Cable dinosaur  on trying to derail Brexit. Put LBC on bloody Dominic Grieve traitor on doing the same running the country down wanting to stay in the EU. We’re leaving FFS get over it.    
With blue passports and now Brexit stamps, I've realised that the post-Brexit vision for the country from the Tory party is just a very big one of those souvenir shops that sells Britain-themed tat for tourists. 
Candidates for pro Brexit parties don't deserve our vote.@Conservatives@UKLabour 
The 2016 Brexit referendum is proof that referendums are not decisive. It was the second EU referendum. The first was in 1975. So far it's is one all in Europe related refs. A third referendum when the Brexit deal is known could be the decider... until the 4th referendum. 
Catch-up.Unreconciled Remainers like Adonis, Miller & Tony Blair can’t possibly be “tough on the causes of Brexit”.They *are* the causes of Brexit.Spot on by @spikedonline's @Tom_Slater_.#BrexitDerangementSyndrome 
New Remain strategy: wait for Brexit voters to die  
If promises are kept this could be a post-Brexit lifeline for farmers on marginal land - by working together they can restore our magnificant wildlife on a grand scale + create new nature-based economic opportunities for communities #rewilding @michaelgove 
Macron makes plea for Brexit unity as EU leaders start to break ranks | Backlash against Blair's latest Brexit intervention | Gove unveils plans to replace EU's "fundamentally flawed" Common Agricultural Policy  
.@jeremycorbyn who pledged not to make nominations to the House of Lords, is expected to create three #Labour PeersMore broken promises to add to the list along with Student Fees and the @uklabour #Brexit debacle.#LabourFail  
London was the top city in Europe for technology investment last year, with more funding going into companies than into firms based in Paris, Berlin and the next seven cities combined.  Despite #Brexit 
Fellow Europeans, help us stop Brexit! My analysis & appeal in this decisive year:  @eucopresident @donaldtusk @EmmanuelMacron @MartinSchulz @carlbildt @ecfr @javiersolana @sikorskiradek @alexstubb @lykkefriis @morawieckiM 
The government gave our people a referendum. We voted on it in accordance with the law and the result was accepted. Why then does the government tolerate people like Adonis, Blair and Clegg doing their utmost to prevent the will of the people being carried out. It should cease. 
I’m looking forward to speaking @oxfordfarming conference later this morning. I’ll be talking about our @coopuk £1bn investment in British farming and I’ll have a few things to say about #BREXIT too! #OFC18 
When nearly 90% of the party want to avoid the devastation of Brexit and the leadership are supporting it. It’s not that surprising.  
Establishment referendum pledges 1) it's a once in a generation vote 2) We will implement what you decide. There was no 3) saying "unless we don't like it,". 
Respecting varying points of views is important. But this chart is for all those that believe "Stop Brexit" is a sure fire, cannot lose, no brainer electoral strategy.However much you may want it to be, it isn't.  
If this is true then no need to play a long game for fear of alienating your members Mr Corbyn @jeremycorbyn. The time for ambiguity is over. It is now time to shit or get off the pot. Time to put an end to Brexit. #StopBrexit #StopBrexit2018 
Oh dear. Wishful thinking. My regular polling shows no real change between 2001 and 2016 on the EU, which is 15 years of new 18 year olds joining the electoral register. A 2nd referendum  would be a bigger leave majority.  
IAIN DALE: “Be honest, your entire agenda is to sabotage Brexit isn’t it?” ME: “Yes, but not in an undemocratic way”RT if you agree! 
Disastrous figure - reflecting impact of #Brexit vote but also a government that privileges multinational giants over small businesses, which are foundation of strong local economies @Greens4Business 
Note that the idea of a double referendum (vote to leave then vote on terms of deal) came from the Vote Leave campaign & Dominic Cummings. Cameron hated it and tried to shut it down. Cummings was delighted (according to Tim Shipman book).See:  
Good news? Or is it a smokescreen for the 'convenient' removal of environmental protection currently under EU law post #Brexit... 
just saying.. I voted remain and will always vote remain - I will never ever support Brexit and will not vote for a party who supports Brexit in any of its forms.  the fight will continue - suck it up get used to it. 
Philip Hammond is refusing to rule out being in an EU customs union after Brexit  
"The people have spoken". No they haven't! And nor have the dogs! #Brexit #Wooferendum #StopBrexit #BrexitFacts #BrexitShambles #FBPE 
Busted!  Watch astonishing admission by Lord “Nutcase”  Adonis that his plan is to sabotage Brexit. So there you have it.  These people must not win.  
London miles ahead of European competition as top city for technology investment - That #Brexit bad news keeps rolling in  
Opposing Hard Brexit doesn’t mean those most affected need to make peace with Brexiters - nor does it mean we should all sound angry. Thread 1.  
Times columnist David Aaronovitch argues that the majority of people who support Brexit will be reduced to zero as older voters die. #FBPE 
Europe’s biggest Brexit fear? That we’ll flourish outside the EU, says @David_Goodhart 
Once again Blair is right on #Brexit, once again he is cynically dismissed.  
Tony Blair's stomach-churning lies about Brexit are putrid — even for him  
People reminding me of Blair’s manifest failings: I know. I would love a Jeremy Corbyn to lead the stand against Brexit. That’s not on offer. 
'What PLANET is he ON?' Farage blasts Lord Adonis' shocking attempt to SABOTAGE Brexit  
This is absolutely typical. Heaven forbid the people have a say in Brexit.Barnier's having an easy time of it with the Tory government. That won't be the case when he meets Farage  
This is not what we voted for. #FridayFeeling of frustration & disappointment that the Tories version of #Brexit is nothing like we were promised. Time to #StopBrexit2018? Have you changed your mind & are a #RemainerNow? #FBPE @GMB_union @chunkymark @W_A_T_O_N @unitetheunion 
Alas, no. Brexit threatens food security. The UK, a densely populated place, imports 40% of its food supplies, 70% from the EU and a further 27% from EU-PTA countries. And increasing competition for the global larder. (The CAP is under reform whether we leave or not.) 
Brilliant article by my @CommonsHealth colleague @PaulWilliamsMP on how the #NHS crisis is made much, much worse by #Brexit  
Why is EU so proud of Cuba 'Cooperation Agreement'?  Read shocking #Brexit story here:  
.Brexit Means....."Britain is set to experience a 2-year fall in car sales of around 11% in total". 
You need to read this thread. A satirical - but painfully true - illustration of how Brexit is being played out in the U.K.  
This seems like by far the best thing to come out of Brexit so far. I’m no expert (& neither is Gove) but the Common Agricutural Policy always seemed the most obviously improvable EU legislation.  
Never forget that Theresa May lost her mandate at the last election. Her intention was to increase her majority to railroad through a hard brexit and she lost seats. What is happening at Westminster since then is an affront to democracy. This government is not worthy of the name 
Graph of the fall in wages since the Brexit vote. The red line shows how much less what you earn will buy because of the fall in the value of the pound.From @CEPS_thinktank at @LSEnews 
To say Blair shouldn't be listened to about Brexit because of Iraq is like saying Churchill shouldn't have been listened to about Hitler because of Gallipoli 
US urges Britain to press ‘reset button’ on food rules after Brexit  via @financialtimes. One of the many costs of a US trade deal which if agreed undoes any deal with the EU. Pure Brexit madness.#FBPE 
I was raised in South Africa. What makes Brexit so easily recognisable to me is it's supporters, I've seen their ilk. The same type of people who supported Apardheid! Brexit is nothing more than narrow minded nationalism. Authoritarian & dangerous. That's Farage! 
Britain's curry industry now believes it was misled by Boris Johnson, Priti Patel and other Leave proponents over claims Brexit would make it easier to bring over skilled chefs  
We needed to leave the Eu to fund the NHS & now we need to privatise the NHS to fund Brexit = Tory Logic.  
And yet Corbyn suggests his loyalty is to the Daily Mail readers et al who voted for Brexit. Odd.  
I'm a remainer who sees it all too clearly. When people like Blair/ Chuka urge Labour to ditch Brexit its not because they love the EU. Indeed only a year back Chuka was suggesting we might need to leave the sgle market to get control of immigration It's ALL about hurting Corbyn 
Majority of Labour voters who back remain are not evenly distributed around the country. In a FPTP system that's significant. 70% of Labour's constituencies voted leave. That is electorally significant. Go against Brexit & wave bye bye to a Labour GE victory & get a Tory Brexit 
I say go ahead & collude with the EU to stop the #Brexit process ... You can then sit back & watch the UK fall apart, because the tax payers will stop paying taxes, workers will stop working & every vote from that day onward will be an act of rebellion. 
How Brexit Was Engineered By Foreign Billionaires To Bring About Economic Chaos – For Profit   
Record number of Irish passports issued in 2017. Don't be like the vile hypocritical yoons; supporting the Brexit ruin of Scotland while applying for an Irish passport for themselves. Let's get independence and get our own Scottish EU passport.  
We can stop Brexit. But we’ll need some help from across the Channel | Timothy Garton Ash  
#Referendum2018: Gaining independence BEFORE we end up flushed down the pan of Brexit and becoming part of the North Korea of western Europe is vital. Let the Scottish government know that YOU want a referendum THIS YEAR. 
Resignation of Shadow pensions minister Alex Cunningham is yet another sign of Labour's splits on Brexit. Party source: issue of customs union is "a major potential divide in Labour ranks in the coming year".Keep the pressure on to #StopBrexit2018 
Hey y'know what? I don't care if #Brexit makes us richer or poorer, it ain't about that for me. It's about #Peace #Love and #Unity, you can't buy that stuff #StopBrexit #StopBrexit2018 #StopBrexitSaveBritain #IAmEuropean #WeAreEurope #BetterTogether #EUnite #FBPE 
Well said David Aaronovitch @DAaronovitch .The Brexit majority is being reduced to zero by that 'most natural of wastages'.Approx 450,000 Leave voters are dying per year.(video 3 mins)#StopBrexit2018 
Leave got slightly more votes than Remain in an advisory referendum.Cameron's promise to support the decision was void once he left officeAny government that makes a major decision based on the 'will of the people' is criminally irresponsible 
A survey shows the Tories don't want a second Brexit vote, but everyone else does  
Viewsnight: ‘The #Brexit generation is dying out’  
Big #Tehran protest Thursday night Chants, “referendum, referendum, this the people’s demand.”#Iran #تظاهرات_سراسری‌ 
Term Limits are a necessary condition for Clean Government .  WE, "left" or "right" want it. Only THEY, the career politicians, don't.  National referendum?  
#AskBarnier why Farage was keen to gain an EU passport for himself just days after the Brexit referendum and telling millions we'd be better off with a solely British one. 
We must put the local back into local politics#Brexit #HarrogateAgenda 
This is one of the most infuriating Brexit positions out there:"Free Movement for UK citizens into the EU, but no Free Movement the other way."If that doesn't scream "We're better than everyone else", I don't know what does....  
The Treasury drew up a report on the economic implications of #BrexitThe govt knew it would be carnage. Everything Leave told the public was a lie.Here's a slice of a layer cake of pre-known ramifications.In a legal case of assault, the law would call it a PREMEDITATED crime  
Will you put a clause in the final Brexit agreement that allows the UK to rejoin the EU without penalty during the transition phase? #AskBarnier 
Hey that's what we're doing! Midterms will be a referendum on Trump (and @RepErikPaulsen) #Vote2018 #MN03 
Brexit will bankrupt the UK and public finances will be screwed to the floor. We'll have austerity on steroids for years. The NHS will - despite palliative, anodyne assurances from ministers - suffer horribly. 
London property getting cheap, especially in AUD terms - Brexit going well isn't it?  
Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair argues voters deserve another say on Brexit.  
#honestpoll What do you care more about, #brexit or the #NHS ? Chances are we can't have both. So let's put it out there. Please #vote and #retweet. Comments welcome.  Trolls will be met with jovial gifs.Aim 10,000 votes. Prediction: NHS wins by landslide. 
Brave Britons sacrificed their lives to save our island & to free Europe. Churchill spoke eloquently to Parliament: "We shall never surrender". What have May & Corbyn had to say about deserting the EU? Brexit means Brexit. It's decided. Shame on them.   
We have two parties now: Brexit and Remain. Only 14% of Tory members want a ref on the deal. 91% of Lib Dems & over 75% of Labour members do. Corbyn is out of step with his members. The Remain Tory Party is dead, swallowed by Europhobes it sought to defeat  
Macron fears EU COLLAPSE - tense Brexit talks could lead to 'DIVISION in united front’  
#AskBarnier when do you think people will finally wake up to the real reasons behind Brexit?  
The second half of 2018 could bring high drama to British politics, with a vote on a Brexit deal and a shaky government  
‘Wrong on ERM. Wrong on Euro. WRONG ON BREXIT!’ Nigel Farage destroys Blair with one tweet  
#AskBarnier If he finds it staggering that a referendum on a matter of constitutional importance was decided by means of a simple majority 
Viewsnight: ‘The Brexit generation is dying out’  
Is Brexit going to backfire like a jolly big old backfirey thing  on racists? #AskBarnier 
We are pleading with YOU to come out against Brexit so that the NHS can be properly funded but you won’t listen. #StopBrexitSaveNHS #Remainers #StopBrexit2018 #FBPE 
Some former Tory voters would vote Labour even with Corbyn to stop Brexit... Believe me!  
Lots of Mercer/Bannon gossip tonight. No coverage of Cambridge Analytica tho despite it being directly relevant to Wikileaks-Trump-Russia-Brexit but are reporters even asking about it, being naturally preoccupied with Breitbart? 
"As it becomes clear that the Brexit that he and other leading Leave campaigners sold to the public is not deliverable, what is required is honesty and realism, neither of which are Nigel Farage's forte." 
Where right-wing Labour figures have tagged themselves FBPE, be suspicious of their motives. JC's clever handling of Brexit gained Labour votes from leavers as well as remainers and some want to jeopardise that 
Tony Blair’s a flawed messenger – but he’s worth listening to on Brexit | Martin Kettle  
What an utterly disgraceful ‘analysis’ of the #Brexit vote. To somehow suggest that a democratic decision could be less valid because it was made by ‘old’ people. Many of those ‘old’ people fought for the freedoms we enjoy today. Not that long ago, those ‘old’ people were heroes. 
Identity Politics dictates that an idea is judged not on its merits, but on the identity of its advocate. Therefore, a 2nd referendum is BAD because Blair advocates it, and a misogynist & homophobic regime is okay because Corbyn praises it.#IdentityPoliticsTwistsMorality 
Blair wants to stop Brexit- Great that confirms why we know its 100% right to leave. 
"Germany has to do a lot more because the Americans can't be counted on. This is the new world order." @IanBremmer on how #Brexit talks will impact the coming year:  
Kenneth Clarke provides more opposition to Brexit than Jeremy Corbyn does.  And he's IN the party that's carrying it out.Opposition?  What opposition...  
Investment firm Rabobank warns a no deal #Brexit would slash 18% off GDP growth by 2030 & leave workers £11,500 poorer, while FTA & ‘soft’ Brexit alternatives would leave them £9,500 & £7,500 poorer respectively.#StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
More than tweeting or writing letters or marching, there is one much more powerful thing we can do.Make sure no candidate representing a pro Brexit party gets our vote in the May local elections. 
Tony Blair was wrong on Iraq, but on Brexit he talks a lot of sense. Corbyn was wrong  to deny genocide in Kosovo, he was wrong to continually support the Islamic regime in Iran and their suppression of women & LGBT rights , he was wrong about Venezuela. 
If the people are sovereign can a Brexiteer explain why we shouldn’t have a referendum on the Brexit reality once it’s known ? What are you worried about ? (I voted Leave in 2016 btw). 
Oklahoma sets June date for medical marijuana referendum hours after Sessions announces shift in federal policy  
also lol at anyone who thinks this is a referendum on marijuana, the substance. Sessions would outlaw popcorn if it were racist enough and punished blue states. 
Robert and Rebekah Mercer put their money behind:-Ted Cruz-Donald Trump-Steve Bannon-Milo Yiannopoulos-Nigel Farage, UKIP, and BrexitI don't think their contribution to politics has been positive. 
Those who voted for Brexit, Those who believe in Democracy,  Be PROUD .Hold your head up High,We delivered the 1st Peaceful Revolution of the 21st Century !We PROVED the Pen is mightier than the Sword !We shocked the Globalists, We Shocked the Ruling Elite,We shook the World  
Really? I cannot remember British politics ever being remotely as childish as it has been since the referendum (and I’m 63). #Brexit, like most forms of nationalism, panders to crude emotions and prejudice, not mature reason. 
No PM did more damage to the UK than Blair. He denied a Lisbon vote,sold UK gold reserves cheap,lost billions to the EU,deliberately facilitated mass immigration & dragged us into wars based on false information. So when Blair says we must stop Brexit you know we must leave 
Just found in the archives this brilliant @mearesy pic of Malcolm Turnbull the day after the 1999 republic referendum defeat #auspol 
Brexit is like having voted to jump off the high board into the pool....but now, they've just telt you there's no water in it....but hey...It's what you voted for, wasn't it? Nae turning back ya snowflake... 
Those who have a problem with the video above, keep in mind:The part of the UK population who'll be most affected by Brexit is the part that voted most strongly against it.If you're OK with forcing it on them, knowing that , have a word with yourself 
Spot on @PaulWilliamsMP"What is increasingly clear is that the biggest – and perhaps even an existential – threat to the NHS is Brexit. Clean, hard, soft, deal or no deal....Brexit is already damaging the NHS"And it will get worse #StopBrexit 
Good evening fromBrexitlandia. As the UK has prepared no impact assessments or a realistic Brexit plan, please could you @MichelBarnier @StefaanDeRynck @WeyandSabine arrange for my questions below to be answered on @mrjamesob 's radio show.  
Scandalous anti SNP bias. I sometimes get asked “who will lead the No campaign in the next Independence referendum?.  I always reply ‘The BBC, the same as the last one”.  #indyref2 #BBCBias 
This is an attempted Coup d'etat...this is as dangerous as what is going on at this moment in Iran. Forget whether you are pro or con to Brexit...this evil man is trying to usurp our democracy!  
Labour would ‘annihilate’ Tories with a different Brexit stance“Make their Brexit a Tory Brexit” alongside policies that address people's anxieties - Tony Blair. How about it @jeremycorbyn @Keir_Starmer @Labour4EU?#FinalSay #StopBrexit #FBPE. 
Tony Blair unveils blueprint to block Brexit using NHS and economy to fight for a new referendum. Project Fear 2! More lies from Toxic Tony!  via @telegraphnews 
Tony Blair: ‘a fresh referendum will, of course, not be a re-run of the first because it will involve this time a choice based on knowledge of the alternative to existing EU membership’  
Philip Stephens: Britain has made itself a Brexit straitjacket  
Tony Blair has claimed Jeremy Corbyn's Labour would "annihilate" the Conservatives at the next election if it changed its position on Brexit  
The EU's Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier has agreed to meet Nigel Farage  
Dear Mr Blair Like u, I would like a 2nd referendum hopefully to #stopBrexit.Unlike u, I support Mr Corbyn.I believe Mr Corbyn (& Mr Starmer) are the politicians “most likely” to grant a 2nd referendum.IMO, your aggressive stance towards Mr Corbyn is not at all helpful.Tom L 
"Make Brexit the Tory Brexit.Make them own it 100%.Show people why Brexit isn't and never was the answer"  
Dare one mention that things seemed a lot better when under Blair & Labour; somehow we all seemed happier & perhaps weren't needing the NHS so much especially the failing mental health provision. #Brexit is sucking the life out of the country & money & time out of public services  
Our State & Local Policy Manager @jiggy_ca has a great thread on the medicaid expansion referendum that Indivisibles in Oregon will be working on with @yes4healthcare! Follow her for updates and if you live in Oregon, find out how you can get involved 
Whatever your views of @michaelgove and Brexit, this is a deeply thoughtful and stimulating contribution to the debate on farming policy. I do enough work on the law of the CAP to know the force of his criticism of both its substance and its administration. Well worth a read.  
I attended an event hosted by @IslingtonIn tonight where the speaker was @nick_clegg followed by a Q&A. Whatever your views on his time in coalition, he is a fantastic speaker on Brexit issues & I came out even more determined to grow this account & fight to #stopbrexit. 
Lord Adonis admits he "absolutely" wants to sabotage Brexit, but "not in an undemocratic way".  
British countryside to be given Brexit boost with farmers being PAID to bring back birds  
“Sending Nigel Farage to Brussels to sort out Brexit is like sending an arsonist to put out a house fire. After years of poisoning our politics, telling outright lies about the EU and cosying up to Trump, he has already done enough damage." (James McGrory, 'Open Britain') 
What will be the process for importing medicines and radioactive isotopes from the EU to the UK post Brexit? 
Why is Rotterdam spending more on Brexit customs prep than Dover? 
How many cherries does the UK export to the EU and who will pick them after Brexit? 
Last year the Gov called for farmers to grow more so we can all continue eating post Brexit,Now Gove is happily talking about lovely meadows made out of that awful farmland.Hands up who volunteered to eat the Buttercup diet? 
Hey @STVNews your unionist propaganda has got worse since Scotland's independence referendum I have watched you for the last time! 
A tragic attempt to be majestic about chickens and Starbucks.  Loud & clear though; Mr. Brexit Hannan hopes Brexit will bring us chlorinated chicken & hormone filled beef. [n.b. misleads on the precautionary principle, which requires precautionary measures where threats of harm].  
Lord Adonis calls on Jeremy Corbyn to endorse a second EU referendum  
If Blair is pushing so hard for this, and BBC are hell bent on giving him air time to do so, then we know we have made the right decision #Brexit 
We Remainers have spent 18 months attacking the #Brexit right and getting insulted & abused for our pains. But what is the point of all that effort if Labour continues to support #Brexit? Labour can hardly complain if we are now turning our attention to it.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Please join Robin Hood (you decide which of us that is) and his band of Merry Men in a Brexit showdown against Remoaner, traitor and "Sheriff of Nottingham" Anna Soubry! Deselect her now. Posh girl in her fancy suburb opposed the will of the people she was elected to represent.  
“My Dad, who emigrated here in 1974, married a Scottish woman, worked and paid tax every single day he’s lived here, received a letter from the Home Office telling him his status here could now change due to Brexit. He’s been here longer than I’ve been alive!There’s yer Union!”  
WHEN TONY BLIAR SAYS he wants to 'stop Brexit' this is tantamount to confessing to wanting to 'stop democracy, due process and the rule of law' This effectively makes Bliar an extremist and an enemy of the state. Anyone harbouring such similar convictions should also be charged.  
NOW!!!!!.......THIS COULD MAKE THINGS VERY VERY INTERESTING!!!Could you imagine the faces of little englander brexiteers if Scotland could block Brexit!!!Their brains will  explode!!!  
So many people voted tactically for @uklabour because we thought you’d stop #Brexit. Seems like you won’t. If we don’t believe you’ll help us end this Brexit nightmare, we’ll vote for someone else. It’s as simple as that. #StopBrexit. #FBPE 
Nigel Farage has just himself begged for a meeting with Michel Barnier because he thinks he personally represents all 17.4 million Leave voters. Farage - who failed 7 times to become an MP and who Vote Leave regarded as toxic to the Brexit cause. 
Dear @jeremycorbyn ,Those who want to Remain in the EU are now preparing for the #LocalElections2018.It would be great to be able to encourage people to vote for @UKLabour, but we can't as your stance on Brexit is debatable. Food for thought? @OwenJones84 @Andrew_Adonis #FBPE 
Liam Fox wants me to be positive about Brexit.I'm positive Brexit is a terrible idea.I'm positive Brexit is bad for the country.I'm positive Brexit will be stopped in 2018. Will that do? 
#Tehran, #Iranprotesters chanting " Down with Khamenei, Referendum is the people's wish". People want a referendum to be organised so people can decide whether they want an Islamic Republic or Democracy.#IranProtests#freeinternet4iran#freeinternetforiran 
Reason for being sympathetic towards Leave voters:The Brexit vote happened, at least in part, because our FPTP electoral system has given the electorate almost zero experience of their votes ever changing a damned thing. 
Listen live to a debate on Proportional Representation in Canada, where British Columbia is preparing for a referendum on #FairVotes @stuartlosaltos @BillTieleman 
The causes of working class discontent are complex & the solution never lay in a binary, in out referendum. If you really care about the working class you’ll seek solutions to their problems, not seek to manipulate them for your own out of date ideology.  
Tony Blair's bid to manipulate us into staying in the EU is the farthest thing from democracy imaginable:  #Brexit 
It's pretty clear who @UKLabour risks losing votes to if it doesn't now form a clear and unambiguous approach to Brexit.And it ain't the Tories.#StopBrexit 
Just listened to this morning’s 8:10 interview on #r4today & appalled to hear John Humphrys say that, after Blair explained it’s democratic to keep making the argument & vote on terms of Brexit. Humphrys himself is inciting & legitimating ‘civil disobedience’!  
“Given that the entire basis of the agreement between Scotland and Westminster will be undermined by Brexit, I believe the Scots have every right to a second referendum when the deal’s done if the political will is there.”  
87% of Labour Party members support staying in EU single market; 78% support another EU referendum  
'@Nigel_Farage has secured a meeting with Michel Barnier! He wants to put Brexiteers' questions on the agenda so tweet the Brexit mastermind with your questions now! #AskBarnier. 
Popularity for #tonyblair in the here and now polls well below donald Trump so if you really want to stop Brexit you will refuse his help and distance yourself from his message because it's a poison challice.  
#Retain is a nonsense designed to shut us up. Not falling for it.  I was willing to let Labour slink quietly away, but will fight them as well as #Brexit if that is what it takes. #StopBrexit#ExitBrexit#FinalSayForAll#FBPE 
If we believe in a movement where Party members form binding policy @jeremycorbyn, it is time for Brexit to be decided by our Many not the Few.78% of us want a vote on the deal, 87% to stay in the Single Market and the majority to stay inside the #EU 
They do say there's a link between those supporting #Brexit & those supporting the Death Penalty...I can categorically state I do not support either...must be many more like me...vote away guys & gals...  
Blair doesn't rule out a THIRD referendum on the UK's membership of the European Union. We must make it very clear to Blair that (1) he's no longer the PM, (2) it was the EEC we voted on first time, (3) we voted in 2016 by a majority of 1,269,501 to leave the EU. Get it?#Brexit 
2017 in charts:More Britons now believe the vote to leave the EU was the wrong decision rather than the right (45-43) but 52% still want Brexit to go ahead (via YouGov).Read more: 
can you ask how easy it would be for Scotland to remain part of the EU as we don't want any part of your brexit 
Truly OUTRAGEOUSLife *should* mean life for such evil.Serious questions for then Director of Public Prosecutions, Keir Starmer (present Shadow Labour Brexit secretary) as to why Worboys not prosecuted for dozens of other sexual assaults.  
Ageing combined with declining fertility rates is definitely a bigger challenge to the NHS than, er, Brexit. This is potty.  
The BBC needs to remind its political presenters about impartiality rules. It’s becoming a real problem especially around Brexit. If they want to be right wing pundits/advertise right wing magazines they should quit the BBC. 
WATCH: “Yes, I Absolutely Want To Sabotage Brexit”, @Andrew_Adonis tells me. Clip and full (very sparky) interview here...   A must watch for both Remainers & Brexiteers! Feel free to RT! 
2015: "Every election is a referendum on the incumbent"2019: "There's no credible opposition"  
Everything Michael Gove announced today as reforms to British agriculture policy could have been done under current CAP, incl moving away from payments for farm size and introducing environmental incentives (which are already possible and in force in EU). But, you know, Brexit. 
Impeachment aside, my hopes for 2018 are largely negative: that nuclear war doesn't break out, that Brexit is stalled, that Congress doesn't pass too much egregious legislation. What do you hope for? 
Don't blame #brexit for problems in the NHS! Grow up.- 5,000,000 extra NHS customers from the #EU- £365,000,000,000 Labour PFI debts to be repaid by #NHS- Blair's GP contracts sent patients to A&E instead.For goodness sake, do your homework! 
We don't accept your apology for the #NHSCrisis @theresa_may - the suffering caused is all yours to own. The Institute for Fiscal Studies made clear your policies would cause misery, just like HM Treasury has done with #Brexit. You have ignored them both.#StopBrexit 
So tired of all the Blair bashing. He made a terrible mistake but he didn't do it alone. He had parliament behind him & a higher % of the public than voted for Brexit. It was only when it all went so horribly wrong that everyone claimed they'd been against it all along.  
People believed, if they voted for you, that they'd get a referendum on the Lisbon Treaty you utter cuntweasel.  
New woe for May as Nigel Farage sets up a meeting with the EU's Brexit chief 
Well I hope something happens soon in particular to get #Labour to realise they don't have much longer to shift #Brexit policy before May 3rd Local elections, or to at least acknowledge the need to allow the Ppl a Binding #FinalSay in 2018 to Confirm #Brexit or #StopBrexit. 
The cost of brexit - approx £100bn, could fund 2857 nurses for 10yrs #NationalTriviaDay #FBPE 
Petition to ‘Leave the EU immediately’ hits 130,000 signatures with government statement expected imminently  via @Your Brexit 
But many Leavers' problem with this sensible approach is Brexit may then turn out to be pointless: more trouble than it is worth for an outcome which may be Brexit in name only. And so it would be abandoned.So speed and supposed simplicity is their one shot.Short sharp shot. 
I've just returned back to the UK after 10 years in Italy.  They were always most kind and welcoming to me and all the other Brits.  They don't begin to understand why we voted for Brexit and think we're mad.  This from a country that mistrusts politics more than most in Europe. 
Gove plans to redistribute farming subsidies to environmental projects for a 'green' Brexit 
So... Liam Fox wants us to be positive as it will magically make #Brexit a success...I can be positive... I'm POSITIVE #Brexit is undeliverable(!) Sorry, but my pom poms are at the dry cleaners...  #FBPE #WeAreTheOppositionNow 
“I want to sabotage #Brexit, but not in an undemocratic way.” Says LORD Adonis the man who has never been elected to anything. 
Austria STRIPS benefits from children living abroad“It's an unfairness built into the system that, for 2 children who do not even live in Austria but Romania, roughly €300 a month are transferred to Romania & that is almost average income there”#Brexit 
I find it genuinely incomprehensible that people say, “but I don’t see how Brexit can be stopped” when the alternative is actually implementing Brexit. 
'Sabotage Brexit!' declares Labour peer as poll reveals members back a 2nd vote 
There is no future for Labour chasing the UKIP vote and antagonising the millions who voted for us because they were Remain voters who wanted to stop Theresa May getting a big majority for a hard Brexit  
I never thought we'd be having any debate on this in 2018, let alone find out that there's a majority who support the governing Party that want it. What has the UK become in the last 18 months, or was this hatred & intolerance always here, just unleashed by Brexit? #deathpenalty 
Leaving this here for you to digest. I guess they aren't bothered about the NHS. You want to be associated with them?Why I will never get behind Brexit. Why I will never get over it.Why Brexit must be stopped. 
Brexit or the NHS ?Choose, you can't have boththe NHS will carved up by US medical corps if Brexit happens#StopBrexit2018 #ExitFromBrexit #Remain #FBPE 
Brendan O'Neill on Lord Adonis's ugly rage against Brexit and against democracy:  
The UK Government has not taken a clear and consistent position on Brexit since the referendum. We’ve published ‘What We Now Know’ about Brexit and the Government’s chaotic approach. Share the facts   #BrexitFacts 
"If the @UKLabour party vote for a hard Tory Brexit in the autumn and winter of this year it will be the greatest betrayal of progressive British values that we have ever seen." -@nick_clegg at tonight's @IslingtonIn event #FBPE 
#bbcnews The #Gove announcement doesn’t address key #Brexit issues for #agriculture , only says we’ll sort them out later (ha!). Here are some of them: 
Dan Scavino, some may recall, retweeted an anti-Semitic 4chan account on Hillary Clinton during the campaign. That incident was how I discovered Trump-Russia botnet collusion. This piece covered bots for Trump and noted the same bots were for #Brexit  
2016: “Things will be better after Brexit”2018: “Frankencows will roam the land in their neverending search for human meat”  
“The Brexit Generation is dying out” - @daaronovitch with our latest #viewsnight 
"Sending Nigel Farage to Brussels to sort out Brexit is like sending an arsonist to put out a house fire," @JamesMcGrory tells @SkyNews. 
Bob Moran on Tony Blair attacking Jeremy Corbyn's 'confusing' approach to Brexit - political cartoon gallery in Putney  
Aldi gives pay rise after record Christmas sales. The discounter says it has had its best Christmas ever in the UK, with sales up 15% in December. Sky news for once don't say, 'Despite Brexit'.  
Over Christmas, I received a second response to my complaint that BBC say "when" Brexit, not "if". Their defence, it seems, is that there is no possible route forward which avoids Brexit (see highlighted passage). This is clearly false, so I am escalating my compaint to @Ofcom 
Imagine what these parties could do if they worked together to address the concerns of their members .... Labour, Lib Dem and SNP members want second Brexit vote  
Every speech-act which has actually disadvantaged the UK in the Brexit process has come from a Minister.  Not one from a Remainer.Unforced error after unforced error.They are the ones "talking Britain down". 
What the flying fuck is all this #retain nonsense? There is no such thing as a Brexit that works for anyone except Arron Banks. To pretend otherwise is simply fraudulent. Get a grip, #Labour, and support our efforts to #StopBrexit2018 
Considering- there are 750 international agreements to roll over- 4 people to be recruited- 448 days until Brexit…That means *each* staff member has to sort an agreement every 2.39 days.Simples!#Brexit  
And as for "talking Britain down", the talk which has most damaged UK so far on Brexit:"go whistle""row of the summer""red lines""59 sector analyses""we are ready to agree - oh, the DUP have phoned to say they say no" 
I'm in Budapest today to meet with Hungarian PM Vicktor Orbán. We discussed #Brexit, trade & cultural links. Ireland & Hungary agree on many issues inc tax sovereignty, competition and Brexit. Our views diverge on other issues but dialogue is the best way forward.  
Am I missing somethingLabour voters saying they wont vote Labour due to brexit stance. I thought that wanting a Party in power that doesn't kill people on a daily basis is what the country actually needs. But It's ok to let the Tories back in by not voiting Labour? #confused 
The Labour Party on #Brexit:- Voters: Remain- Membership: Remain- MPs: Remain- Leader: Leave And the Official Policy is...Leave.Who is @jeremycorbyn representing? Himself?Has @labour elevated a dictator, to rule it with an iron fist? Is it still a democratic party? 
Lots of useful information here on what part Brexit has had to play in the current NHS crisis. No hypotheticals, things that have happened.  
The NHS is already in crisis. Brexit could finish it off.Brexit is not a panacea for the NHS, but the greatest threat it has ever faced - @PaulWilliamsMP.#StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
How can the TUC support the anti-worker EU? Its Brexit stance shows how distant it is from the working class, writes Fawzi Ibrahim of @ExittheEU  
I see @OwenJones84 has blocked me. He shares with B. Johnson a complete disregard for maintaining a consistent political outlook, instead he blows with the political wind, taking whatever stance he thinks more appropriate to furthering his ambitions.#StopBrexit2018 #FBPE #Brexit 
Brexit campaigner Kate Hoey says we should ignore Tony Blair's latest pronouncements on Brexit. 
Tony Blair: Labour would 'annihilate' Tories with different Brexit stance  
Glad Adonis called for mutual respect in Brexit debate...having started the interview by calling @IainDale a "headbanger" @LBC 
The national organiser of Trade Unionists Against the EU, Paul Embery, tells talkRADIO that it would be 'suicide' for Labour to follow Tony Blair's 'Stop Brexit' strategy. Listen to the interview at the link below. | talkRADIO  via @talkRADIO 
Saw a Sun front page in the supermarket complaining there were stamps announced for Game of Thrones but none for Brexit.Well yes - one is based on utter fantasy nonsense mashed together with a fictitious rosy view of times long past, while GoT, on the other hand, has dragons. 
WATCH: @Andrew_Adonis tells @IainDale: “Yes, I absolutely want to sabotage Brexit… but not in an undemocratic way”   
If you're against #BrexitWe are on your side. It doesn't matter if you're Tory, Labour, LibDems, SNP, Green or any other party.Let's work together to #StopBrexit#FBPE 
Today at #OFC18, Michael Gove spoke of the need to invest in public access for the public good post #Brexit, as part of the reform of agricultural payments  
What a great take down of the WTO #Brexit Bull shi**ers! WTO can't work...any part PAY & OBEY NO SAY deal doesn't work better than UK membership of the EU! We've got the BEST POSSIBLE DEAL & if if you can't deliver a BETTER #Brexit DEAL don't expect me to Get over it or Move on!  
Just what you would expect from the #Brexit Right: Chicanery, deceit, attempts to disrupt democratic debate and stifle opposition. These far-right slime balls are the real enemies of democracy. #StopBrexit #FBPE #StopBrexit2018 
Sorry, nodded off.Have I missed someone providing a good reason for #Brexit?Now that would be annoying, having waited so long.#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
If #Leavers are so sure #Brexit is the will of the people, why are they so vehemently against a vote on the final deal which included a no-brexit option? 
It is strange how so many human brains cannot handle this basic mental feat: "Yes, Blair was wrong about Iraq, but he is right about Brexit." 
BLIAR: Ex-PM Uses NHS Crisis to Fuel Brexit Fears, Contrary to Evidence   
Only just was pointed to this piece by @JoMicheII on the geography of the Brexit vote and immigration. Important data investigation of what seems to drive importance of rates of change.  
What Gove said, what he didn't say, what it all means for the future of farming & the environment post Brexit ... all in a special @BBCFarmingToday recorded at both #OFC18 & #ORFC18Essential listening Fri 5:45 am on Radio4 
Kate Hoey is spot on in her scathing attack on Tony Blair and other Establishment figures who wish to reverse Brexit!   
Dear @jeremycorbyn & other Labour leaders,I am not a labour voter but if you back a referendum on the terms of the Brexit deal, with Remain as the alternative, I will become a member, donate to the party & actively campaign.I don't think I'm alone.Yours,@UK_Must_Remain 
Lord Adonis tells LBC, he "absolutely wants to sabbotage Brexit, in a democratic way". 
Asked whether his plan is to "sabotage Brexit", Lord Adonis responds "Yes, I absolutely want to sabotage Brexit" 
I disagree with @OwenJones84 regularly. However, I want to publicly say that the things I am seeing said in a thread I was tagged into about his views on migrants are just wrong. Disagree all you like about Brexit, style and strategy, but he has never condoned xenophobia. 1/ 
Those on the Corbynite left who are now saying "I don't like #Brexit but it can't be stopped" (hi @OwenJones84) would have more credibility if the left hadn't spent the #EUref saying the EU was really pretty evil, then whispering "but maybe vote Remain" at the end of each speech. 
"While it desperately tries to keep calm and carry on appearing united over Brexit, the bloc is tearing itself apart over another issue: immigration" @asabenn 
91% of MPs voted for a referendum on the EU, including most of the Stop Brexit camp.  
Brexit is a mental illness, it really is.  
Listening to Iain Duncan Smith on @LBC, you can tell that he, and other Brexiters, know that if there is a referendum on the final deal, their side will lose. The sheer panic in their voices gives it away. Public opinion has changed, and Brexiters are shitting themselves. 
Tony Blair has been accused of being 'elitist' after calling for a second referendum; is Blair right to suggest Labour would win a majority if they opposed Brexit?  
If the UK never fully recovers from Blair's catastrophic government and anti-Brexit campaigning, then Teflon Tony will go down in history as the PM who caused the "Demise of Britain".  
Leaving aside the fact that Humphrys shouldn’t have an opinion, I really can’t understand the one he does have. He concedes people didn’t know what Brexit meant, but now that they do, they can’t change their minds? Bizarre to suggest that is how democracy works#FinalSay 
Farmland could turn into meadows after Brexit, says @michaelgove... 
#Brexit has given us a Britain that is... 
Tony Blair’s Dodgy Dossier on Brexit should be swiftly binned, says Labour's @KateHoeyMP 
Agreed, but Brexit will make it impossible to fix or even address those things. And Corbyn knows this. BOTH sides are waiting for the wheels to come off so they can blame the opposition. NEITHER side gives a shit about how much suffering this will cause.  
I have a great idea that would really help: Let’s have a referendum on the terms of the Brexit deal, and all old people vote for the futures of young people, rather than for their own nostalgia. That would create intergenerational solidarity in an instant.  
The people have thought again & as demonstrated at GE17 the majority are now against Brexit, but what does it matter what the people want when we have self serving politicians from both Labour & Tory determined to ignore the Will Of The People.  
brexit is trending strongly on twitter in London today, and the vast majority of tweets are remain rather than leave. Keep it up, everyone! #stopbrexit #fbpe 
It's increasingly clear that we can't have Brexit *and* a fully-functioning NHS, so which would you choose?Please RT this into both kinds  of #FBPE & beyond, ta 
There's a @NERI_research seminar this month on how #Brexit will affect border communities, featuring @hayward_katy of @QUBelfast. Details here:  
BLIAR: Fake News Ex-PM Claims #Brexit is Fueling NHS Staffing Crisis, Contrary to Evidence  
It's rapidly becoming clear that the real reason for #Brexit is because powerful people feel that their rights to abuse ordinary people and workers has been compromised.#StopBrexit #WeAreEurope #FBPE 
The question is: Should Scotland be an independent country?The answer to that question is YES.It is YES regardless of any Brexit 'deal'; any UK government policy; any realistically conceivable economic consequence; or anything that is promised by any party.#Referendum2018 
"#TheresaMay believes Michel #Barnier is bluffing when he says there will be no special deal for financial services"@BrexitToo bad #TheresaMay and #MyTeam don't get that. #Barnier has no choice. He can't make concessions for the UK.#ParallelEU#Brexit 
TPP for UK is a non-starter, but this article raises key issue of lack of parliamentary and public accountability of post-Brexit trade policy generally, as per the current Trade Bill  
Tony Blair has embarrassed ‘Remain Resistance’ by repeating debunked claims that the #Brexit vote has created “significant staff shortages in the NHS”.The number of staff from the EU in NHS England rose 5% in year following the Brexit vote.  
If this country can afford the colossal cost of Brexit, as both May & Corbyn must fully believe, then surely cancelling this daft Brexit idea & spending the same amount on the NHS  & other needy causes, might be a good idea? What do you think Mr Corbyn? 
Who's to blame?Over 1 million dead Iraqis - BlairDead/injured British servicemen - BlairMassive national debt - BlairTuition Fees - BlairMass immigration - BlairHousing shortage - BlairNHS cash shortage - BlairDamaging Brexit negotiations - BlairDividing the UK - Blair 
Let's show MPs how cross party coalitions work. Let's put aside party political differences & work together to #StopBrexit & without ignoring the causes of brexit. We must do this because #WeAreTheOppositionNow#FBPE 
How on earth did Scottish Labour and Labour become the effective cheerleaders of the likes of Johnson, Gove and Farage on #Brexit? Scottish Labour are lost at sea. 
#skynews #bbcnews #itvnews  you people amaze me by you giving Tony Blair air time about his prophosies to stop brexit when he himself wanted to exit the EU in 1983 what a hypocrit he and you all are  
Royal Mail blasted for refusing to release commemorative stamps to mark Brexit - despite releasing special sets for Game of Thrones and Star Wars  
Wow. 90% of Labour members want to Remain in the EU Single Market. And almost 80% of Labour members want a vote on any Brexit deal. Let’s do it @jeremycorbyn @UKLabour @Labour4EU: #FinalSay #StopBrexit #FBPE. 
If like me you are fed up with bloody mister Blair calling for an another referendum or election on Brexit please RT this. Why does he keep getting special access to the BBC? Is it because of the placemen he is rumoured to have put in it? #BlairBroadcastinCorporation #BBC #bias 
Both these statements are true:Blair committed the UK to a disastrous war in Iraq which was caused on poor intelligence & poor planning.Blair is correct on Brexit. It will be a disaster. Aided & abetted by the complicity of Labour.#StopBrexit 
He's wrong, of course. The greatest risk to Brexit is trying to do it.  
The UK Civil Service is currently managing 313 different projects to make Brexit happen while almost 2,500 new posts have already been created to work on the task. Read more about the complexities of Brexit:  #BrexitFacts 
Wales Voted Leave (just). But 86% of Welsh speakers voted Remain. The Welsh speaking areas in Wales are among the poorest in Europe. Identity played a huge role in Brexit vote- as much as class. 
Bad Boys of Brexit update. Breitbart's @RaheemKassam plumps for Bannon.  @andywigmore & @Arron_banks declare #TeamTrump. @Nigel_Farage yet to pick between Mummy & Daddy. Likelihood of any of this being what's really going on? Low. Distinct whiff of sulphur & stagecraft... 
Brexit won’t save us £350m a week. So far it is costing us at least £300m a week. Think of what that could do for the NHS, and back a #FinalSay to #StopBrexit. #FBPE.  
Brexit is an unprecedented project in both scale and complexity - the Government has set aside £3bn in the next 2 years to prepare for it. Today we’re publishing ‘What We Now Know’ about the complexities of Brexit. Please share  #BrexitFacts 
Tony Blair serves nobody but himself, a spin doctor for a 'privileged few'.#Brexit 
Most Remainers don't give much of a damn whether it's Labour or Tory Brexit. Either way it damages our country and will harm the majority of its people. Brexit would be a betrayal of all Labour stands for. 
Tony Blair may have been wrong on Iraq, but he is right on this:Brexit is “an error the contemporary world cannot understand and the generations of the future will not forgive” - @InstituteGCWe need a #FinalSay with an option to #StopBrexit. #FBPE.  
If Ed Miliband were Prime Minister, there'd be no Brexit, a decent NHS, and the Irn Bru recipe would be recognised as a national landmark. 
#Remain #voter in the #referendum talks to #NigelFarage. "I've been so appalled at #Barnier, #Tusk and #Juncker etc, bullying this country, I've got to the stage where I am a committed #Brexiteer. I want out!" Welcome aboard, Paul!  #LBC @LBC #BBC #SKY 
Yesterday @theresa_may said there was no #NHSCrisis. Today she’s on the news apologising that people can’t get treatment.She’s a total disaster. 
As Tony Blair attacks Labour over vague Brexit stance, Jeremy Corbyn’s team prepares to respond in 18 months’ time. 
Blair makes a very good point - Brexit (and Corbyn’s complicity in it) will drag Labour down with the Tories.Labour have a choice. Start opposing Brexit or for ever be branded as the party that put Corbyn before country. (449 days left until Brexit) 
Tony Blair is correct in saying Labour should fight Brexit, though waiting for the public mood to shift a bit further would help.Sadly, however, Tony Blair was wrong with decisions that killed half a million plus, and the took payment from tyrants, so maybe he should STFU now 
In my view, Labour won't move on Brexit until public opinion moves. There are members of Corbyn's team who'd love party to take a Remain/2nd ref position, but they know they need public backing. It's been hard enough shifting party towards advocating Single Market/Customs Union. 
The way for Labour to terminate this appalling Tory government is to stop backing Brexit, stop whipping MPs to support the Tories, and start putting Remain at the top of parliamentary agenda. Then we might see radical change for the good. Brexit will be a disaster for Lab voters  
We need representation that crosses parties and ideological boundaries. Brexit continues to be a disaster for the whole of the UK, especially those who had no choice but to stand by and watch, and their families. #WeAreTheOppositionNow #FBPE #StopBrexit 
Guess they’re in need of a stamp to write the Brexit plan on the back of 
Members of parties who want a referendum on any Brexit Deal:Tory 14%Labour 78%SNP 87%LibDem 91%9 out of 10 Labour, Lib Dem and SNP members backed continued membership of the single market after Brexit, compared with one-quarter of Tories 
Would you prefer to have Tony Blair back in power if it was the only option to stay in the EU? - Brexit will give Corbyn same problems as Tories - Blair  #TonyBlair #brexitRETWEET & VOTE  #yourvoicematters 
Should Jeremy Corbyn change course on Brexit before he is unable to deliver on his promises if he wins power? Tony Blair has warned.- Brexit will give Corbyn same problems as Tories - Blair  #TonyBlair @UKLabour RETWEET & VOTE  #yourvoicematters 
The biggest problem for Remainers: there is no majority among the public for stopping Brexit.  
Eight out of ten Labour members are against Jeremy Corbyn's opposition to a second referendum on an eventual #Brexit deal  
Len McCluskey is the man who could put the brakes on Brexit, writes @campbellclaret  
91% of MPs voted for the EU referendum to happen, after which 52% of the electorate voted to leave the EU amid the highest turnout for a quarter century, and then 78% of MPs voted to trigger Article 50Stopping Brexit would start a major constitutional crisis  
'Who are these people who can't take defeat in a referendum?' - Lord Owen attacks the anti-Brexit media  
Nobody voted in the EU referendum knowing what we now know. If you think that this is not what you thought you were voting for, it's not too late to call for a #FinalSayForAll. We don't have to do this. We still have a choice if we want it. 
BREAKING“Blair criticises Corbyn ‘timidity’ on Brexit”Or“Man who ignited Middle East killing thousands criticises man who supports terrorists who’ve killed thousands”What is it with @UKLabour & their desire to be led by people so closely associated with death? 
Labour party are disgusting not making where they stand on Brexit clear it's a ploy to try and capture votes from Leave and Remain by sitting on the fence stirring the pot and seeing how the cards fall a very cowardly and sly way to play Party Politics a gutless Lefty Corbyn move 
All those who embrace #tonyblair as a good advocate for Remain must have a subconscious urge for Brexit. 
Tony Blair believes the UK public should be allowed to vote again on Brexit once the EU departure terms are agreed  
And more broadly Sarah Sands might take a look at how heavily Brexit propaganda influence his interviews with both sides 
Spot on. Attlee is the model for Labour 2018 - stop Brexit, tackle the social crisis at home, don’t scapegoat Europe & foreigners!  
Tony Blair said this morning if he lost a second EU Referendum, he wouldn't rule out calling for a third. The man is a joke! 
Labour members poll: over 75 per cent of want vote on Brexit deal and to stay in single market and customs union  
Someone should tell #Tony Blair that when the world called you America's poodle because of your blind obedience to Bush during the Iraq war, you don't get to call the Labour leadership in 2018 the handmaiden to Brexit. 
Labour, Brexit, Blair and the Queen Mary poll showing Labour members want Single Market & new ref.  
We have launched a Brexit science and innovation Summit, and we want to hear from you. Please submit your evidence through the link below before the 5/2 
I’m an NHS nurse posting from an NHS hospital, we are NOT prepared for winter- increases in funding have not kept up with increased costs during your government and we have no money to recruit the staff we need. Instead of funding us you have chosen to fund Brexit. YOU LIE. 
BBC News website today: 'Labour backed Brexit'...no, actually, the Labour party campaigned to REMAIN. They then accepted the democratic decision of the British people - which was to leave. BBC fake news at its finest! 
The UK is also the only country to have renegotiated our terms of membership. Thrice - before 1975 referendum, by Thatcher in 1980 and the package negotiated by Cameron, before the ref for if Remain had won. They've been far more flexible than you give credit for. 
No one should have anything to fear from looking at the facts of Brexit as they emerge.  We know some things already.  We will know more as the year unfolds.  Knowledge isn’t some kind of heresy.  
Labour members are overwhelmingly anti-Brexit. Not soft Brexit but no Brexit. Quite right!  
Love the bit that they all backed Brexit and the referendum at Westminster "except for a few Scots" said John Humphreys ... Errr just about all the Scots!!! #SNP #HeadsScrewedOn 
Tony Blair is the honest face of the Remainer elite. His attack on Brexit spells out what other democracy-loathers won’t, writes Mick Hume.  
That makes sense. Scotland is one of the Nordic Countries. And after #Brexit and the break-up of the UK, it will be very welcome!  
Eight out of 10 grassroots members of Britain’s opposition Labour Party want a referendum on the terms of the country’s exit from the European Union.  #Brexit  
Sorry to be mushy(narcissistic) but:In January 2016 I had 20 followers. Today I have 10,000. Unlike before the referendum,I'm now in a position to help, not because of me. It's because you decided to put me here. It's because you decided the Brexit debate needed facts.Thank you 
tired: the public needs a final say on Brexitwired: let's have another AV referendum 
With the daily reporting of turmoil in the NHS, my bet is the govt will use the publicity to sell privatisation as a fix, to the same gullible folk that voted for #Brexit based on a message written on a big red bus. 
Tory Brexit unravelled in 2017. This year, with neither the government nor the outcome of the negotiations commanding popular support, we can beat it. In 2018, our strategy will shift from a defensive one to an offensive one.Find out how here. 
EU citizens in the UK: sign up for email updates from @ukhomeoffice for more information about our settled status scheme:  #Brexit #citizensrights 
So if we keep remoaning wel destroy brexit. Oh that's really told me to shut up 
Entitlement to "think again" on Brexit. Tony Blair says public didn't know the terms of Brexit when the country voted to leave the EU in 2016 - and as a result the public should be entitled to "think again" once that's clear.#r4today 
My thoughts on what the rest of Europe really thinks about Brexit: from anger through studied indifference to fear/hope that we might eventually flourish. See this week's Spectator  
#TonyBlair was wrong on many things, but on #brexit, the #Brexiteers, the Tory #brexitshambles, and #BrexitReality, his analysis is clear and incisive and well worth looking at : 
David Davis fails to negotiate corner on way to Brexit talks 
Lamont on Blair's interview: This was pure cynicism, an attempt to frustrate the result of the referendum 
News about Toby Young reaches the US (HT @jonathanshainin @amcgettigan)"Brexit Britain hits a new low"   
Farmers will receive subsidies for opening up the countryside to the public and improving the environment after Brexit under new plans from @michaelgove  
Also, some kind of book in which to collect these brexit stamps might be useful.  
we already have a #Brexit stamp. It's the one with "2nd" written on it #RoyalMail #sun 
Almost 80% of Labour members want a second EU referendum - poll 
Farmland could turn into meadows after Brexit, says @michaelgoveMore than 97% of the UK’s wildflower meadows have been destroyed since the second world war and their loss has played a significant role in the decline of butterflies, bees & other wildlife. 
a welcome intervention from Tony Blair attacking Brexit. Result? support for the policy will soar. Is he a closet brexiteer? 
Hate Brexit? Hate Tories, Trump, racism, nationalism and the politics of division and hate? Ready for the fight? Help us @Another_Europe make 2018 the year we take back control for progress and love!  
Tony Blair takes a break from sipping fancy French wine to tell us Brexit will be a disaster, the man is a liar and a spastic. Claimed Iraq had an atomic bomb and shows no respect for ex-forces. I'm ex-forces myself! 
14/ BUT BRITAIN GOT ITS BREXIT STAMP! /ends 
That’s also what’s hamstringing the Labour Party over Brexit: Corbyn’s Europhobia isn’t fact-based, it’s ideological (the Old Left rejected the EU as a capitalist bloc and impediment to True Socialism). That’s why he can’t change his mind, despite the evidence. 
Listen: Tony Blair splutters his way through Today interview after calling for a second Referendum 
The problem with Brexit from Day One is it’s been presented as an IDEOLOGICAL STRUGGLE, rather than a cost/benefit analysis. It’s been about beliefs rather than facts. That’s why Brexiters are TERRIFIED by the idea of the people having a say while *knowing the facts*. 
There must be hundreds of people in Parliament and the civil service who look at the unfolding train wreck of Brexit and think, "Shit, I didn't enter politics for this."Patience with the madness is running out. It's time for the whistleblowers. 
Corbyn keeps banging on about what he would do as PM, but never mentions #Brexit. #Brexit is the biggest threat to jobs and the economy and he seems to have forgotten that he is complicit in making it happen. 
Ok, try this: Labour & LDs joint campaign not to abandon/reverse Brexit YET; just revoke/suspend A50 until we can carry out REAL impact studies. Round up enough sane Tories to force a No Confidence vote. Get this lot out; Lab/LD coalition in, do the surveys, new *INFORMED* vote.  
Blair urges Corbyn to hold SECRET #EU meetingsRichard Tice: “Blair & his elitist gang are damaging our negotiating strength, thus damaging our national interest by their continuing efforts to undermine democracy"“History will not forgive them”#Brexit 
Green Party promises second referendum on final Brexit deal 
Getting tired and very angry about this constant talk about a second referendum. We've had the referendum, voted on it and now we want what was offered by government carried out which is to leave the EU in its entirety. Blair Clegg and others need to shut it. 
Tony Blair is the ghost of Christmas past. As a Leaver, I couldn’t hope for a better leader for the Stop Brexit cause. 
So I decided to respond to @OwenJones84's latest column and put forth why we can and should stop Brexit - and why it's not about elites  
"Humphrys then asked Blair whether, “if [you] don’t like the result of that, might we have a third referendum?”"He declined to rule it out."Just keep making us vote until you get the result you want.This is not democracy, it's dictatorship. 
“But you said you wanted stamps celebrating an epic struggle full of lies, treachery and ruthless leaders who’d say and do anything to get their way no matter what the cost!”“Yes, but Brexit not Game of Thrones!”  
"Britain voted for Brexit to get back her sovereignty. Central Europe would like the same. The EU resists both," writes Andrea Hossó  
WATCH | Remain voter in the referendum talks to @Nigel_Farage."I've been so appalled at Barnier, Tusk and Juncker etc, bullying this country, I've got to the stage where I am a committed Brexiteer. I want out!"Welcome aboard, Paul! 
Tony Blair accused of being 'tendentious' and 'elitist' in bruising Brexit interview with John Humphrys  
Tony ‘We All Make Mistakes’ Blair remains arguably the single strongest argument for a full, clean Brexit as soon as practicably possible.  
Michael Gove: "Brexit means we no longer need to follow the path dictated by the Common Agricultural Policy. We can have our own - national - food policy, our own agriculture policy, our own environment policies, our own economic policies, shaped by our own collective interests" 
Money being spent on Brexit could be spent on the NHS instead. What we now know about Brexit @InstituteGC 
This morning @michaelgove confirmed that we will be leaving the Common Agricultural Policy after Brexit and replacing it with a support system better suited to the 21st century.  
1. Read in full & RTSee the message not the messenger...this encapsulates the case perfectly & rightly seeks a #FinalSay in 2018 to Confirm #Brexit or #StopBrexit. Of course he's for #Remain & it's easy to see why. I have one small caviat.....  
I wonder, if there was a referendum on the death penalty and ‘the will of the people’ was that we should bring it back, would Corbyn fight against it or just say “That’s democracy, folks”  
The funny thing is if Blair had admitted on @BBCr4today to being a paedophile this morning, Humprhys would have been like, 'yeah, whatever, no one's perfect, but how dare you say you want a second referendum, you bloody monster?' 
I think it's time our MPs debated the result of the advisory referendum. I think they should discuss whether #Brexit is a good idea or a bad one. Then they should have a free vote on whether to take the advice or #RemainInTheEU. Simple. Easy. Quick. 
This drastically demonstrates the disconnect between the Labour leadership and the membership when it comes to Brexit. 
Every day, more data confirms #Brexit will deprive our NHS and public services the vital revenues they need. Politicians who think this can be ignored and who turn a blind eye will end up sharing responsibility for this sharper austerity ahead.  
Nearly 80% of @UKLabour members want a vote on any #Brexit deal & 90% want us to stay in Single Market.  Time for leadership. 
HA!Gove (the knife) is promising UK farmers that current EU subsidies will be replaced by UK tax payers subsidies post #Brexit until 2024.What ABOUT the £350m promised to the NHS ? 
Tony Blair tells UK voters: time is running out to stop Brexit folly  
Brexit    Blair would sell his soul [ if indeed he has one] for a few quid. So,the question is........ How much are Brussels paying you Mr Blair ? 
Those arguing for a further Brexit referendum need to realise that there will soon simply not be enough time.  Needs primary legislation.By me, at @JackofKent  
Not liking Last Jedi is so Brexit by the way. 
The current Labour leadership is playing a very dangerous game of chicken. Waiting for the "right time" to oppose brexit? Time has very nearly run out. The time to oppose brexit is NOW. 
New research out today by @InstituteGC reveals that the Brexit vote has cost the average UK household £404 a year. Please RT so everybody knows the facts:  
UK Food Standards Agency @foodgov cut from seven floors of offices to one. Trading standards officer numbers halved. How will #healthyfood be guaranteed if we #Brexit? Who sets standards? #foodsecurity #ORFC2018 #ORFC18 
I increasingly have the feeling that the Remain movement is being hijacked by the same luke warm, soft-Brexit mindset who lost us the referendum.Too many high profile Remain commentators seem afraid to criticise their own camp in case it jeopardises their long-term careers. 
This is a lie. There is nothing to stop pint glass manufacturers putting this on pints and most do. It neatly demonstrates what a lot of backward looking inaninty Brexit is however. Angry old men wrecking the country for dinky toy memories.  
Brexit - a never ending loop of delusion.  
Financial Sevices paid almost £80bn of UK tax last year. That is more than the defence budget and nearly the NHS Budget. Brexit tells them they aren’t welcome in the UK. #FBPE #StopBrexit #FinalSay 
you take a plane to a distant land, then another. you walk through the forest for days, alone, and reach a small lighthouse. your new life can start there.on the first night, the door knocks. you scream. it's Tony Blair. he has thoughts on Brexit he wants to tell you about. 
New study of party members finds that Labour members overwhelmingly want to stay in the single market.Corbyn's support for a hard Brexit is letting his own supporters down.  
Brexit has caused economic growth to slump to a forecast average of 1.5% for the next 5 years. This hasn't happened for over 3 decades. Please RT:  
As a former Tory voter I never thought I would vote for anyone else but am now a @LibDems member. Whatever your other concerns are Karen, they will be swept away by Brexit. If @UKLabour were to change their position on Brexit I would probably vote for them. Never say never. 
PERSON WHO THINKS BREXIT IS BAD: Brexit is badOTHER PERSON WHO THINKS BREXIT IS BAD: You are the wrong person to be saying thatPWTBIB: OK, so will you say it?OPWTBIB: Wow, that is so out of touch, no wonder people have lost faith in politics 
Tony Blair urges Jeremy Corbyn and Labour to fight Brexit.  
Blair moans about cost of Brexit, ignores cost of EU membership  
The real reason behind Brexit, one suspects...  
It would seem that when we leave the EU we will be as much under their heel as we ever were & with far less say. This brexit is a con and if it is to happen the people need make it happen. Tell your MP you are not pleased with the bullshit & progress on brexit and wish to leave! 
Not while your leader @jeremycorbyn aids & abets the wilful devastation & continued division of our country. Not while your leader supports the removal of my rights. Not while your leader endorses the loss of my childrens' future rights. Brexit is for the few, not the many.  
Asked by John Humphrys if he’d call for a third referendum should Leave win a second time round, Tony Blair declined to rule it out. 
Blair is right to say that "Brexit is not the solution for the problems facing Labour voters." But - crucially - neither is staying in. Any anti-Brexit stance that neglects a domestic policy response (particularly around public investment) is doomed from the off. 
.@TiceRichard: "Blair and his elite gang are still determined to stop Brexit and hobble the UK to a very bad deal"  
The 'many' would prefer a second referendum on Brexit. Could you please be true to your word and campaign for one. A Labour party member. 
Remoaner Tony Blair urges Jeremy Corbyn to hold SECRET meetings with EU to STOP BREXIT  
That's why the people voted for #Brexit It was their one and only chance to vote on the unrecognisable, expansionist, monolith, that the trading bloc we'd joined had become. Ruled by bureaucrats, we'd never had a vote on Maastricht or any other significant changes within the #EU 
From inside a major government department: ‘Everyone from the Secretary of State down is anti-Brexit.’ Yet another powerful indication that this folly IS going to be stopped. 
Blair on @BBCr4today underlined yet again that real divide in UK not between Remainers and Leavers but between those who accept the referendum result and those who don’t. The latter have vested interest in negotiations’ failure. 
A question for Mr.Gove @oxfordfarming #OFC18 - As lovely as woodland and wild flower meadows are they don’t feed people. So does your vision see high standard UK produced food as a public good or are we incrrasingly to be fed from abroad post Brexit? 
Brexit to cost £400bn by 2030. That's more than £350m a week that could be spent on the NHS.Every pound that is lost on Brexit, is a pound that could have been spent on the NHS.Put that on a bus.#Brexit #NHSCrisis 
Michael Gove agrees 5yr #Brexit transition period for farmers, guaranteeing the same level of subsidies under the EU's CAP until March 2024  #OFC18 
I voted remain but i’m sick to death of how negative everyone is. If there was a referendum I would actually vote leave next time. 
Elite Remainers: ‘Referenda are basically mob rule in action, they’re incompatible with British democracy.’Also elite Remainers: ‘We need a second referendum, it’s the democratic thing to do!’Don’t let these reactionaries get away with it. 
Woah just got on the eurostar but they were scanning people's passports and they didn't let people who voted brexit on the train. Woah! 
.@MollyMEP calls for the wealth from Britain's land to be shared and our natural wonders protected after Brexit:  
We should all be grateful for Tony Blair and the BBC. Together, their continued campaign to reverse the referendum result, ignore the democratic process and royally piss off 17.4 million voters, millions of whom are Labour voters, is achieving the exact opposite result. 
'The EU referendum was won by lies and deceit' = 'Voters are so stupid and emotional that they will fall for any old nonsense'. The exact same argument that was made against women having the vote 100 years ago. 
The likes of Tony Blair come from exactly the layer of aloof, technocratic politics we rejected in the EU referendum, says @Tom_Slater_. People like him can't be tough on the 'causes of Brexit', because they are the cause of Brexit.  
If we had a 2nd referendum on Brexit & Remain won... why would Brexit supporters not then be perfectly entitled to demand a 3rd? 
Tony Blair reminding us all why voting for Brexit was the right thing to do. He just hates the will of the electorate  
High fives all round in No 10 as Blair reinforcing case for Brexit dominates media cycle instead of NHS 
The issue for Labour on Brexit is that Blair is a true remainer in tune with most Labour members and supporters. Corbyn is an instinctive leaver who is not. 
How about a third EU referendum? Or make it best of five? Or a regular Ashes style series? 
Whatever you think about Tony Blair's record as PM there can be no doubt this is an excellently argued article by @InstituteGC exposing the painful contradictions at the heart of both Tory and Labour positions on #BrexitWe need to #ExitFromBrexit 
I'd have more respect for Tony Blair's argument if he was honest for once in his life and admitted that the neoliberal policies he and Thatcher espoused for 40yrs are the root cause of Britain's problems and that a Corbyn-led government is the answer rather than #Brexit. 
NEW Almost 80% of Labour members want a second EU referendum - poll 
Holyhead, Anglesey, Wales and Brexit - my take for the @IrishTimes on what Brexit might mean for the poorest part of the UK (spoiler: nothing good...)  
If people wanted a 2nd referendum, there was a party which they could have voted for in June's general election. Instead, that party received its lowest vote ever while the 2 main parties promising to implement the referendum received their highest combined vote share in 47 years 
Tony Blair wants to 'stop Brexit'. Can we be honest about what 'stop Brexit' means? It means stopping the largest vote in British history from being acted upon; it means stopping ordinary people from having a say in politics; it means stopping democracy in Britain. 
A second referendum is like kryptonite to brextremists. They know it will destroy them! 
Party members views on Brexit released today - from summer survey for Queen Mary College by YouGov.  Says 78 % of Lab members support second referendum.  
I remember Tony Blair telling me  that if Britain didn't enter the Euro, it would lead to financial disaster for the country.Then he told me Britain had to go to war with Iraq because Saddam had WMD.So I'd take his 'Brexit will be a disaster' claims with a pinch of salt. 
John Humphries? Desmond John Humphrys (correct spelling) has been a presenter on #r4today since 1987 and it's time that he retired. His blatant pro-Tory and Brexit bias is so transparent and therefore unprofessional, especially on the 'impartial' BBC. 
Blair has no right to lecture anyone on Brexit. He routinely has treated the British electorate as idiots who can be easily manipulated and lied to. We will never forgive phoney Tony for Iraq or his open borders betrayal.  
Wrong on the ERM. Wrong on the Euro. Wrong on Brexit.  
#Today FFS Multimillionaire warmonger Tony Blair out doing the rounds still trying to derail Brexit again !!!! He never stops bloody nutcase 17 million voted leave the EU we’re leaving get over it. Shut up       
More and more people seem to be realising the real extremists about Brexit are those, like Blair, who would block the will of the people in pursuit of a barmy EU superstate. 
I voted Remain but both these options are anti-Democratic.You can't have another referendum or election just because you don't like the way people voted.  
Now failed chancellor Norman Lamont is pumping out Brexit unicornery on #r4today and a suddenly polite Humphrys has unaccountably lost the will to interrupt. How odd. 
Remind me, by the way, why the idea of a second referendum is so utterly terrifying to the Brextremists? 
In today's Brexit news: - Britons upbeat about 2018- Poll shows Leave lead over Remain stronger than at the referendum- Whitehall warned there can be no excuses for going slow on Brexit preparations - including no deal- Blair attacks Corbyn over Brexit 
@BBCNews @BBCRadio4 Please remove John Humphrys - he has ceased to be an objective interviewer and is now a Brexit campaigner #Brexit #BBCBias #Remain 
Dear @BBCr4todayIf you decide to interview someone prominent on #Brexit, we’d like to hear what he has to say. We already know what tedious drone John Humphrys thinks on this and everything else, from the last thirty f’kin years of tedious f’kin droning over every f’kin guest. 
The only effect - the ONLY effect - of Tony Blair demanding a referendum between the final deal and continuing EU membership is to encourage Brussels to offer a worse deal. 
Blair right on @BBCr4today despite the heckling Humphrys. People would prefer to see the NHS saved than Brexit swallow up all its cash. 
Brilliant dissection of Tony Blair’s position on Brexit on @BBCr4today now. Worth listening to Humphries’ demolition job whatever yr view. 
Comes to something when  former PM does more detailed analysis than current one/Brexit - What We Now Know. Pls read  
John Humphrys totally owning Tony Blair on #Today prog over his Brexit nonsense. 
Hard to imagine a more militantly oblivious interviewer than Humphries. "How do we rethink it? We have had a referendum." 
Brexit has a "massive distractive impact" from problems in the country, says Tony Blair. He argues that when we voted to leave EU in June 2016 the country didn't know terms... we should be entitled to think again once terms have been decided.#r4today 
If Blair started backing Brexit, there would be more chance of stopping it 
Tony Blair tells @BBCr4today that, since the Brexit vote, there are "significant staff shortages in the NHS". Here are the facts on EU nationals in the NHS since the referendum.  
Tony Blair: timid Labour risks becoming handmaiden of Brexit. Some remainers need to look beyond their 'hatred' of Blair and listen to the logic of what he's saying. 
Tony Blair’s attack on Labour’s Brexit stance is nothing of the sort...it’s just another Blair/Mandelson attack on Jeremy Corbyn...he’s not going away Tony...keep repeating it,it might sink in. 
Another reason Right Wingers want Brexit,they want to imitate USA, Iran and China.Not in my name, thank you. Remember Timothy Evans amongst many others. 
Gove promises to match EU farm funding for five years. Because the only way Brexit can be politically managed is to shelter people from it. 
"Labour has ruled out a 2nd referendum in the next manifesto" Don't members have a say about policy anymore or do they just worship at the altar of the leadership? #r4today 
Friends! A real thinning out!Literally nobody wants Brexit any more, apart from a tiny handful of 17,410,742 Far-Right bigots, who believed all the LIES they saw on the side of a racist bus, and who represent no-one but themselves!They are a totally unrepresentative majority.  
Most economists think ditching CAP/reducing subsidies is the only obvious potential upside of Brexit.  
Labour, Lib Dem and SNP members want second Brexit voteFascinating picture of two tribes - and it isn’t an age effect#FinalSay 
Depressing to see some Labour people failing to grasp that if the Tories get their hard #Brexit, then that will be Britain hard-wired as a an ultra-free market economy and Labour will be able to do nothing about it.#StopBrexit #FBPE #StopBrexit2018 
Almost 80% of Labour members want a second EU referendum.25% of Tories want to stay in Single Market & over just over 50% want a return to the death penalty.Sums up the options, really for me. @UKLabour @Conservatives @GMB @BBCNews @StopBrexit17 
So Michael Gove has apparently agreed to a 5 year Brexit transition period for Farmers, guaranteeing them the same level of subsidy under EU’s CAP until March 2024 in a Govt U-turn costing more than £10 billion. 
If Corbyn opposes Brexit, he will be on the front page of every single right wing paper as a traitor for months, and Farage will be on the BBC calling for a call to arms every night, conservatives will reclaim the majority, and the whole challenge to the government will be over. 
Britain voted for Brexit to get back her sovereignty. Central Europe would like the same. The EU resists both. Here is the basis of a strong alliance, writes Andrea Hossó  
Cameron could not have spelt it out any better.Leave means Leave.Out means Out.There won't be any second referendum.We knew exactly what we were voting for.We should have been OUT by now.Let's stop all this faffing about.Get OUT now.After 45 years we want our freedom back  
ROYAL FAIL: The postal service snubs Brexit themed stamps, opts for Game of Thrones theme instead. Where's the patriotism?!  
Blair's anti-Brexit views reflect most Labour members, but not all its voters. Meanwhile here's a study on how pro-Brexit Tory members are.  
Holyhead will be one of the biggest losers from Brexit  
Tony Blair: 2018 is the year when the fate of Brexit and thus of Britain will be decided. The 2016 referendum cannot be seen as binding as it contained no detail on what a post-Brexit future would involve.#StopBrexit2018 
Largely agree with Blair on Labour’s Brexit timidity though Toxic Tony is tainted and can damage the causes he champions  
Tony Blair: 'Timid' Labour leadership giving Tories free ride by failing to oppose Brexit 
Trigger warning: I am about to say a good word about Tony Blair. When he says "the handmaiden of Brexit will have been the timidity of Labour" he is right 
Blair piles the pressure on Corbyn to get off his beloved Brexit fence.Corbyn’s game of trying to pull the wool over everyone’s eyes, in order to maintain ‘Momentum’, is beginning to unravel.#TheCorbynCon #LabourLies 
Remoaner Tony Blair urges Jeremy Corbyn to hold SECRET meetings with EU to STOP BREXIT  
3) Some equate Bannon's affiliation w Breitbart & the Mercers to "Russian involvement." The Mercers fund Breitbart & also funded Brexit, a movement that Russians backed. The Mercers partly own data mining company Cambridge Analytica, which was involved w Brexit & Trump campaign. 
The pound will shake off #Brexit blues and hit $1.50 this year, says ING  
No - it is impossible to divorce #brexit from any of these issues. To pretend it is, is to significantly mislead people who are on limited incomes & who will suffer badly. As people of social conscience we should not even be thinking of doing this. #stopbrexit #FBPE 
Tony Blair: timid Labour risks becoming handmaiden of Brexit  
Positive news this morning as @michaelgove announces plans to replace the current Farming Subsidy scheme (which rewards land ownership) with a subsidy scheme that supports the environment post-Brexit #PublicMoneyForPublicGoods 
So now that Corbyn has declared that a 2nd referendum will not be sought by the Labour party and will definitely not be part of any future labour party manifesto - who will you vote for in the next GE. 
If they would have owned up to their mistakes and stopped pushing the identity politics so hard would Trump and Brexit still have happened? Probably, but there wouldn't be nearly as many people who openly hate the left as there are now. 
So has Jim Molan resigned as Special Envoy Operation Sovereign Borders & if so when? Or was there a referendum unreported allowing MPs & Senators to have Commonwealth jobs at nominations? #auspol #thedrum 
Personally I'd happily accept Blair, Clegg, Clarke, Heseltine, Adonis or anyone else who's happy to stop Brexit. Remainers are not Machiavellian enough. Now is not the time for niceties  
Farmland could be turned into meadows post-Brexit, says Michael Gove  
Didn't most of these folk vote for Brexit.  
Britain has made itself a Brexit straitjacket  
The Toby Young appointment is foul and must be fought. But it's also a smokescreen to distract us from other key issues such as May's plan to stuff the Lords with pro Brexit Tories that will vote how she wants.We need to tackle both, not fall for the bait.#FBPE #StopBrexit 
I'm with Adonis. We can't sit on our hands any longer waiting for someone to save us. Brexit is proving to be a catch all for those who want to destroy Britain for their own ambitions and it's up to us to stop them.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Right on cue, wheel out Hugh Pennington who within 24 hours last year declared Brexit would kill Scientific research in Scotland then immediately after @NicolaSturgeon mentioned Scotland's intention to remain in EU then changed his stance. That was after his nonsense in 2014. 
If you strip away my skeleton, I'll spit out your referendum 
Gove apparently going to guarantee to replicate CAP direct payments to farmers for 5 years after Brexit. If for all of UK, this is around £15bn over the 5 years, or £57 million per week. 1/  
Your selected facts are unconvincingVideo clearly showed police brutality against voters. The court order itself was an instrument of oppression.The election outcome was a clear majority for parties supporting independence. If you wantrd a referendum, the opportunity was there!  
"The issues that must now be negotiated are too complex and the politics too divisive."Brexit makes UK a top global risk, say analysts  
Whatever you think of Tony Blair, he managed to beat the Tories 3 times, and knows more than a little about practical politics.☟Brexit: Corbyn's Labour 'aiding Tories', says Tony Blair - BBC News  
We take a look at various Brexit scenarios for 2018  
The speed with which Bannon is distancing himself from Trump presages the speed with which many on the British Right will distance themselves from Hard Brexit when it becomes politically expedient to do so 
No wonder the government appears uneasy about publishing Brexit Impact Assessments.  
Tony Blair hits out at Jeremy Corbyn's 'timidity' on Brexit  
Tony Blair warns British voters - time is running out to stop Brexit folly  
"An error the contemporary world cannot understand." Tony Blair condemns Brexit  
This is a microcosm for Brexit because everything about it is inaccurate. I know this because my dad once had the job of checking & stamping the glasses for the council. Stamps can still be used, but serve little purpose now, so the council saves money and doesn't  
You're building your arguments on the framework of fascism because you have swallowed wholeheartedly the Brexit rhetoric of "overturning the will of the people", "the people have spoken", "it's not xenophobia". You're arguing on their terms. 
No presidential election will take place on #Ambazonia n soil this 2018. A referendum to confirm our independence restoration is the only vote we can entertain in #Ambazonia 
Post #Brexit trade deals are akin to going to Edinburgh for a MacDonalds when you live in Plymouth.Why don't we just #StopBrexit and stick with our EU neighbours? 
OK. Again. There are people in the Stop Brexit community trying to do *exactly* what you suggest. Instead of pretending we don’t exist, please engage directly with us. It’s that simple. Call me. Mail me. DM me. Skype me. FB message me. Txt me. Tweet me. If you care. 
With just over a year until we leave EU, it’s time for @UKLabour to start making the case for a referendum on the terms of Brexit negotiations.Only 22% of Labour voters think that Brexit is a good idea. It’s time to convince them that it’s a bad idea - which it absolutely is.  
/ and finally: the good/bad/Tory/hard/soft Brexit is an illusion. And politicians have a duty to be honest with the electorate about that, however difficult it might be. 
Wow. No quote from 'rent a #Brexit' Jimmy Buchan. Or did you not think to ask the prominent leader of Scottish fishing. 
Vast majority of Conservative Party members back clean Brexit while nine in ten oppose second EU referendum  
Brexit set to hit Scottish seafood businesses hardest  
UK farming 'needs protection' post-Brexit, MPs warn  
Brexit: Corbyn's Labour 'aiding Tories', says Tony Blair  
Tony Blair: timid Labour risks becoming handmaiden of Brexit  
Labour, Lib Dem and SNP members want second Brexit vote  
My piece on why the elite-Remainer ‘Brexit was a cry for help’ line is patronising, delusional twaddle.  
Theresa May's Brexit team are 'clueless' about economics, says former Tory Treasury minister  
."Far better to fight for the right for the country to re-think,demand that we know the full details of the new relationship BEFORE we quit the old one, go to the high ground on opposing Brexit.". 
I rarely agree with @OwenJones84 but this time I do. It's no good remainers just screaming, "No" & calling all leave voters racist. To stop Brexit they need to engage with leave voters & convince them that the Brexit deal we're heading for is horrendous.  
In the May 3 Local Council Elections we need Labour candidates to very clearly label themselves as pro-EU - clearly enough so media and pollsters can't ignore it.We mustn't let media & politicians deceitfully treat Remainer votes as pro-#Brexit.#StopBrexit2018 #FBPE #StopBrexit 
I don’t like Brexit – I just don’t see how it can be stopped | Owen Jones  
While the Quitteratti and the Quitterazzi press ahead with their wet dream Brexit, just remember, no matter how you voted, we are ALL, all of us collateral damage. The damage to our future, our prosperity, 'acceptable losses'. 
Tony Blair writes on Brexit: "It is absurd to say that it is undemocratic to demand that the people be free to have a say on what the final deal is"  
‘Bring back the Great British pint’ Farage urges UK to bring back crown emblem post-Brexit  
Gove's extension of £10bn CAP farm subsidy till 2024 1st sign that Brexit will take longer & cost more than he & Leave chums said.  
Royal Mail blasted for refusing to release commemorative stamps to mark Brexit — but release 15 for Game of Thrones  
#FBPE @brexitrecord essential reading from Tony Blair's organisation on where we are now on Brexit  
Now elite Remainers are trying to drown Leavers in crocodile tears. No, #Brexit was not a cry for help. In poll after poll, survey after survey, the two most salient issues for Leave voters were sovereignty and immigration.  
Britain exploring membership of the Trans Pacific Partnership to boost trade after Brexit Combined spending from the 11 TPP countries make up less than 8% of the UK’s export market 
Odd that the Times claim Gove being forced to maintain farming subsidies post Brexit.  It was Vote Leave’s stance, articulated often and unequivocally. Maybe pundits never bothered to listen before now? 
Oops. The book claims Blair briefed Trump on British spying on Trump during the campaign. Not the best look for Blair, leader of the Stop Brexit movement. 
You'd never think it to look at him but Simba is actually a Labradoodle not a Labrador. And despite his laid back demeanour he is dedicated to making the #wooferendum a reality & ending the current #brexitshambles. #FBPE #Brexit  
No special stamps for Brexit? This paper is now officially deranged.  
The Eurozone’s fleeting boom is an illusion - the one-size-fits-all single currency system is as unworkable as ever  #Brexit 
The Tory Right know that a hard #Brexit will force Britain to become a low tax, low regulation, low welfare economy to survive. And which would be the best party to manage that? The Tories of course. That's why the Tories want hard #Brexit so desperately!#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Just how long does it take for the country to understand that #May doesn't care about them. #Brexit is a major weapon being used against the poor and poorly paid. It's designed to make it even worse for them.  
Another of the real reasons for Brexit:A bonfire of health, safety and environmental regulations #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit  
Forget brexit, if anything brings down this Tory government It will be the nation's fury over their running of the NHS. Everyone of every political persuasion including leavers and remainers, is horrified at what's unfolding.   #jeremyhunt 
“Lord Heseltine, Lord Adonis, Sir Vincent Cable, and now Sir Nicholas Clegg going on and on about how we should stop Brexit - the answer is no!”  
Which political party do you think offers voters the most credible #Brexit policy? 
Are you a secret #RemainerNow? Take the test!1) When you see racist abuse from Brexit Supporters, are you:a) Happy?b) Quietly disgusted?It's not too late to distance yourself from the hate. Join us and be a #RemainerNow #stopbrexit #fbpe 
Brexit. Like losing a leg to gangrene. And then finding a shoe.And it’s the WRONG SHOE.And someone’s done a shit in it. 
Another Labour member quits, joins Lib Dems, citing Brexit  
What makes me furious is both the Tory and Labour leaderships know the damage that will be done and have BOTH enabled the entire Brexit process.We won’t forget it either. Remainers have votes too. 
Critical threat #Brexit #NHS - me in @TheNewEuropean “Health service in which most of us were born, where we turn for unquestioning care, and in which we place our trust as a nation, will not emerge in any recognisable condition”  
If costs go up by say 20% on average then people can’t buy the same amount they do now. That means job lossesThat means less tax revenueThat means a lot of problems for our NHS and Welfare State.That is Brexit and no deal with TTP will help you. 
The narrow #EUref result can't be something to be treated with "respect". Yet it is the only reason given for Brexit. #StopBrexit 
Brexit Britain: ‘Foreign boats catch fish in our waters and then ship it back to us’  
<Brendan O’Neill stands in front of his tombola and pulls a piece of paper out> “The Iranian protests” <spins, another piece of paper> “are like Brexit” <spins, another piece> “because they, too, are tired of experts”  
The Brexit right is eating itself over Bannon. Farage is backing Trump. Raheem is tying his knickers in knots. Popcorn on.  
2060 school history lesson.Teacher, "world war 3 started because?A - Germany invaded uk over brexitB - Middle East attacked IsrealC - America & North Korea president had a Twitter fight over who's button was bigger 
More signs of instability at Dexeu  via @financialtimes. No one wants to work for David Davis in what those in Whitehall call the Ministry of lies. It’s costing a fortune. Tory double standards.Stop Brexit.#FBPE 
We told you, everything about Brexit is rooted in the 1950s. Passports, grammar schools, imperial measures, pounds, shillings and pence, and no foreigners. 
Please take confidence in the fact that the rest of the world doesn't laugh at you (the American people), it laughs at him. You have Trump, we have Brexit! We will all get through it and be stronger for it!  
Thursday’s FINANCIAL TIMES: “Fears mount of Brexit raids on City’s £8tn fund industry” #bbcpapers #tomorrowspaperstoday 
I am an EU citizen in the UK with a heart who belongs to the UK and Europe.According to @theresa_may, following #Brexit, that makes me a Citizen of Nowhere.Well I #LiveInTheKnow -thanks @23andMe- and I can say that I am a citizen of Everywhere. #StopRacism #StopBrexit #FBPE 
ICYMI here’s @Andrew_Adonis talking to me about #Brexit, Nazis &  #EastCoast franchise  via @cathynewman 
At 6.00 am on 24th June 2016, I felt like I'd been kicked in the stomach & have felt like that every day since. Daily 1,000s more feel the same, as they realise it will deprive them of pensions, healthcare, jobs, rights. Brexit won't fix Britain, it will break it #StopBrexit2018 
UK government considering TPP after #Brexit. Britain voted to leave the EU and be free of TTIP. Immediately surrendering our sovereignty to TPP would make the whole exercise completely pointless.  
Can’t. We have Brexit to take care of. It’s equally stupid but the main protagonists can still speak in cogent sentences and wouldn’t know what a gif was if it grabbed them by the pussy. That’s our only saving grace, our politicians still behave like adults in public. 
The important fact is more people voted leave than remain; as a proportion of votes cast, eligible voters or population, it is the same result. It is not dificult to understand. #Brexit  
Letter @UKLabour MP in Bristol NW.Very pro EU MP.Notifying him that I will not renew my Labour party membership.I joined the Labour due to Brexit but as they are a Brexit backing party I joined the @LibDemsI will vote for any party to stop Brexit.#Brexit#FBPE#FinalSay 
Eighteen months on and still waiting to hear/read of the tangible, measurable benefits of #Brexit to the ordinary UK citizen. Maybe one of you could explain. 
This is precisely why the " Jobs First #Brexit " espoused by @jeremycorbyn is absolutely bonkers. Brexit will only do one thing and that is to suck public finances into black hole.#StopBrexit2018 #EXITbrexit #StopBrexitSaveBritain #FollowBackProEU 
No, Brexit was not a 'cry for help'. The idea that more welfare will talk the working-class out of Brexit is patronising and delusional, writes @Tom_Slater_  
Shameless, heartless, clueless.Ordinary people believed the £350m a week promise, yet after Hard Brexit there will be £711m a week less for our public services which are already in crisis.#NHSCrisis 
It’s alright, after Brexit we’ll replace all the highly educated EU doctors and lawyers with Brexit voters who left school at 16 with a couple of GCSEs. A natural extension of “British jobs for British people” - we’ll call it “Jobs for Yobs”. 
#StopBrexit2018 Lots of decent people are thinking again about Brexit. People who were mislead. People who may not have followed the details closely. People who had their concerns manipulated & inflamed. Democracy continues. We do have a choice. Let’s vote on the final deal  
I'm fascinated that both Leavers AND Remainers seem shocked to learn this, and I suspect that had Theresa May fully implemented the EU's immigration controls, Brexit might never have happened.  
Yes the referendum result should be respected. And so should the next one - when a better informed British public opt to Remain in the EU. You're on the losing side of history Nigel. Enjoy your brief peak because the fall is going to be very steep indeed #FarageOnLBC @lbc 
Interesting times ahead as we get the go ahead for our cross party petition seeking a ruling from #ECJ on whether the UK can unilaterally revoke the #Article50 notification if the final deal is unacceptable #FBPE #Brexit  
Remember it was @SteveKBannon who got Nigel Farage, Aaron Banks, Andy Wigmore and Raheem Kassam into that gold lift with @realDonaldTrump - where does this rupture between Bannon and Trump leave the 'Bad Boys of #Brexit?' 
*Brexit Explained*  
If you’ve been critical of Brexit, is it now time to accept the result and move on? @Nigel_Farage is live 
Our NHS should not be a casual sacrifice on the altar of Brexit.Brexit is soaking up Govt machinery & billions in cash to pursue a project that is fruitless. Ditch this wasteful adventure & focus on home priorities like NHS, social care, police resources.  
Good sense thread on # Brexit costs to consumers, from a businessman  
.@OwenJones84 makes some good points. IMHO, the liberal-left should make the case for a soft Brexit not to stop it   
. @LiamFox says greatest RISK to Brexit is 'self defeating pessimists' talking Britain DOWN   
We “prepared” for the #NHSCrisis in the same way we “prepared” for Brexit. Hot air and little else. /THREAD  
No other European Country is shutting down Routine Surgical Operations. No other European Country is spending billions on Brexit rather than Health.Be Clear  that Corbyn is as culpable as May 
Brexiters ask everyone to 'get behind' Brexit but how can they expect that when they refuse to suggest anything remotely realistic? This idea isn't real, and anyone remotely competent to judge knows it.  
We appear to be doing brexit so that Farage can get wankered in airports with an ever so slightly different aesthetic.  
Tories are masters of the fogscreen. The outrage prompted by the appointment of the repugnant Toby Young usefully distracts attention from the bigger issues of #Brexit and #NHS. Beware. 
EITHER afford Functioning Police Services OR 'Brexit', - NOT BOTH.We have Local Councils facing 40% Cuts, - so we can EITHER afford Local Services, OR 'brexit, - NOT BOTHSo it's NOT 'Rocket Science', we can't afford 'brexit'#BrexitReallyScrewsYourEconomyUp.......  #FBPE 
I would like to hear a decent case to stop Brexit. But this isn’t it | Owen Jones  
It's very simple, Owen.'brexit' is going to cost the Treasury about £100 Billion, so far, isn't it.And we're having a crisis in the NHS right now, aren't we, - so we can EITHER afford a functioning NHS, OR 'brexit' - Not BOTH.We have 20% cuts to the Police, - So we can 
the idea that Labour could deliver Corbyn's vision for the future of the country whilst Brexit drains our resources for the next decade or more is laughable. 
Switzerland demands EU referendum as frustration at relationship with Brussels boils over   
I do find it hard to believe that this whole mess was caused and is being implemented by the Conservatives who always claimed to be pro-business. Brexit is bad for everyone but will be very painful for many successful British businesses. 
If you voted for Brexit, you’re on the same side as racists like this. Oh, and the man who assassinated Jo Cox. Oh, and the UKIP councillor who was charged yesterday with murdering his wife.But blue passports, eh? Sleep well.  
Yes. Trump is like Brexit in this way too. None of the victors expected to win and - like the Producers - they are now calamitous victims of their own success.  
A 2018 prediction: National security capability review concludes that @DefenceHQ element needs more work, triggering full defence review to report post-Brexit. So big, hard decisions about future of armed forces pushed into 2019 
Not untrue. However, if/when we do win Scots indy, it won’t be tainted with a whiff of the anti-immigrant sentiment that, in part, drove Brexit. Win filthy, go down the pan…  
None of them would have bothered if they knew how things turned out. This country owes them a full Brexit!!  
Failed asylum seeker leaves U.K. mainland, travels easily to Ireland & (apparently) was heading to U.K. (Northern Ireland). Will this loophole exist post Brexit?Thought provoking. Thoughts with victims. https://t.co/58x96oqRnS?amp=1 
On #Brexit, we have alreadyAgreed how we will secure the rights of UK citizens in Europe and EU citizens hereReached an agreement on how to settle our financial obligations to our European partnersbut there's more on the road ahead 
This thread sets out how prices will increase post brexit, plus the pressure it will but on businesses. I wish I could get it read by the 67.7% of local people who voted leave. Most are low income, unemployed or retired. They will suffer most. They voted in ignorance of the facts  
Facts dear friends facts. In every region of the world the disparity between rich & poor is accelerating with one exception. Yes the EU. The only major economic region where it is going in the other direction. Why do you think the super rich & right wing want #Brexit? #FBPE 
.@theresa_may has £500 million for blue passports, £45 billion for Brexit and £1 billion to sweet talk DUP.Apparently we have no money for healthcare, but its ok, you have a shiny blue passport. #NHSCrisis 
Supports Trident, refuses to lift pay cap in Wales, increases uni fees in Wales, supports a hard Brexit, appoints Lords... #ForTheMany 
Heseltine owns 1000s acres of land.Under the EU Common Agricultural Policy he’s been paid 100s thousands of £s to NOT farm his land.He will continue to receive this money as long as CAP exists.Could this have anything to do with his,& other land-owning Lords, opposition to Brexit 
Be reminded of the words of NHS doctor Charles House @ch323 ‘you can have Brexit or the NHS but not both.’ Becomes clearer all the time 
Do you agree with Labour's policy to keep the EU Charter of Fundamental Rights after Brexit? 
Theresa May explicitly asked for a mandate for her Brexit and it was rejected by a majority. 
2018 might already be a steaming pile of Brexit and Trump and Toby Young, but today our garden was visited by two pairs of bullfinches. Bullfinches are quite scarce. Until today, I don’t think I’d ever seen four at once in my life. Heart suitably gladdened.  
National bus tour - the truth about Brexit, a Politics Crowdfunding Project .Reached the target with 4 days 2 go  
In the local elections coming up soon, I will not avoid canvasers. I will approach them & ask one question: does your party support or oppose Brexit. If they say ‘support’, I will tell them that I will not vote for them. 
Imran Khan wasn't anti-war as he today claims to be, he was Musharraf's cheerleader, fully supported Bush & Musharraf's 'War of Terror' in 2001 and continued supporting Musharraf till referendum  
Perhaps the #WORM @SadiqKhan should concern himself less with stopping #Brexit and more with governing the #city of #London which is going to the dogs... Blood is on the hands of the @MayorofLondon! #SadiqKhan you are an utter DISGRACE! @UKLabour #Labour @BBC #BBC #SKY #UK #EU 
Your party's constitution continues to commit @theSNP to independence, which was democratically rejected in 2014. Scotland did not vote separately on #Brexit: it was an all-UK vote. (Another democratic decision you cannot accept.) 
Friends! True!This so-called country, which is being totally destroyed by extreme Cliff-Edge Brexit and Far-Right Tory Austerity, desperately needs a new Leader!And fortunately, a perfect candidate is available!But alas, sheer modesty forbids me from revealing his identity.  
‘Brexit Britain could be forced to revert to this cumbersome, time consuming, costly regime which stifles innovation & reduces market opportunity & service development...yet another example of how Brexit risks making Britain less, not more, global’  
Can't help but marvel at the sheer charlatanry of those who promised Brexit would fix all the NHS' problems now saying we need to have a frank and honest conversation about its long-term sustainability 
Mr Corbyn seems to be a sincere and genuine man but yes, if the current Labour leadership do persist in their support of brexit then brexit will be Mr Corbyn's Iraq. It will erase everything he might have otherwise achieved. 
Perhaps @SadiqKhan should concern himself less with stopping Brexit and more with governing a city which is going to the dogs...   
Dammit. And I forgot to add the opportunity cost of Brexit. The govt are spending £ billions more in civil servants for Brexit. Their Departments are consumed by Brexit complexities. That all takes away Govt brains & cash from fixing up key public services like NHS & police. 
I’m going to criticise anyone who backs, votes for or enables a Brexit that will hurt the poorest quartile in society. If you don’t like that, that’s not really my problem  
Henry Bolton - "The Government is taking us out of the decision making bodies of the EU whilst in some areas even integrating us further into the mechanisms of the EU.” #Brexit  
The hunt for an even more niche Brexit-based displacement activity than blue/black passports and a new royal yacht can now be called off.  
Chris Grayling says his presence in the country wouldn't make any difference. Home truths. #RailFares #Brexit 
Out now: Prof Daniel Thym's edited collection 'Questioning EU Citizenship' (Hart), which includes my chapter on the CJEU's contributions to the Brexit climate and their potential, wider impact for free movement and equal treatment.  
Massively disappointing but unsurprising. God, Brexit is a black hole of misery.   
As business growth in the rest of the UK outstrips ours, we face being left behind. Many businesses have contacted me saying how uncertainty over a second independence referendum stops them expanding.The effect of the so-called 'Progressive' #NatTax is yet to be seen. 
#Brexiteer Kate Hoey hit out at the party leadership today, saying they were playing into Brussels’ hands.#Labour has been strongly criticised for flip-flopping on Brexit, with leader @jeremycorbyn doing everything he can to avoid the issue.#TeamTory  follow @The_Young_Tory 
'Grossly offensive'TREACHEROUS  Remainer @Andrew_Adonis ripped apart for claiming Brexit is a 'mistake'  
A former Treasury minister has described Boris Johnson as "ludicrous" as he criticised the government's approach to future trade deals after Brexit  
Nigel Farage: #Brexit deal is “humiliation” & hit out those calling it “victory”“It’s victory if you think paying gargantuan sum of money is good thing, if you think giving foreign courts jurisdiction over this country for nearly a decade is good thing” 
Strange, weren’t we told #brexit would help the economy and make us all more prosperous? No wonder #StopBrexit2018 is trending.... 
NHS is in its worst crisis in its history. 50,000+ operations are to be cancelled due to a lack of funding due to diminished tax revenues which is due to the Brexit vote. Should 'Remain' voters get priority medical treatment over 'Leave' voters? 
The 10 unelected Lords who are leading the fight against Brexit in the Second Chamber. They have no right to try to undermine a DEMOCRATIC result! 
In a 2007 Channel 4 investigation, Tony Blair was found to have promised the British Public a referendum on EU Membership ... Could it be argued that he gained favourable election results on the back of these promises (As Cameron did)?#Brexit #Brexiteers 
The Lords who want to stop Brexit  
Court of Session gives unilateral Brexit withdrawal case go ahead  
Theresa May's Brexit team are 'clueless' about economics, says former Tory Treasury minister  
In advance of a #repealthe8th referendum let's address the tone police. To paraphrase my beloved Simpsons they are Ireland's answer to a problem that doesn't exist. @CitizAssembly & #8Committee ably demonstrated this. We saw facts & testimonies presented calmly. 
“People busy recreating the past rarely have viable ideas for the nation’s future.” - @leemakiyama on how Britain has lost its way with Brexit. #StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
Despite Brexit .....   
If you voted Brexit because you've been voting UKIP for years and you haven't seen the reforms you were looking for.A) There have been changes (see transparency register, Lisbon treaty...)B) Might I suggest voting more constructive MEPs  
If you voted Brexit to create a more British Britain for your kids, your kids are adults and they really don't want the kind of Britain Brexit would create.  
If you voted Brexit because you were worried EU migrants were putting too much strain on the NHS, in fact, EU migrants contribute more doctors (per head) than UK nationals, so they increase our Doctor-Patient ratio.#NHSCrisis 
Theresa May wants to build an inclusive Britain..... that doesn't include Remainers. #StopBrexit2018 #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit 
And we are allowed to repatriate EU citizens after 3 mths if they have no work, place of study or independent means...it's the fault of the UK Govt not the EU that this is not followed. FOM is not immigration but a basic right #Brexit is stealing from us.  
BREXITEER Lord Marland believes Britain will be able to demonstrate its “real leadership” with Brexit as the UK will be able to consolidate its relationship with the rest of the Commonwealth.   
For anyone interested in learning what it's like to be a foreigner in the UK post-Brexit (specifically Polish), here's an unrolled thread by @IsolatedBrit 
WHAT BREXITEERS WERE NOT TOLD before the referendum#FBPE #Brexit #StopBrexit 
Brexit: The British people deserve another referendum—this time on the facts  via @prospect_uk#StopBrexit2018 #FBPE 
And here is the study with the academic evidence: Brexit and anti EU migrant sentiment go hand in hand. @neweuropeans @MigrantVoiceUK @amnesty @Disireorg @BritishInEurope @Wok_Chi_Steve @nickreeves9876 @spaceangel1964 @acgrayling @Scientists4EU @The3Million#FBPE 
Almost all of Britain's highly educated young people support #Remain. Will they want to remain in a land governed by a narrow-minded nationalism which insults them as rootless traitors? It is likely that we will lose many of our best and brightest.#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit 
The sooner Theresa May has a fireside chat with the British people about what the NHS can afford and what it cannot, the better. She needs to look like she’s in charge of a strategy rather than at mercy of events. This, not #Brexit, most likely to cost Tories the next election. 
How many highly skilled and talented EU citizens are going to come to work in a UK with a devalued currency, a sluggish economy and which treats them as scarcely tolerated intruders?#StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
Blue Passports.Pint Glasses.£sd.Ration cards.Rickets.Workhouses.The futures bright, the futures Victorian. #Brexit #FBPE 
Thank-you, Brexit, at last I can start drinking in the pubs again.  
Britain interested in joining Trans-Pacific trade deal after Brexit: FT  
.@mrjamesob I cant help but think the government are adopting Trump’s style of PR: announce outrageous policies/appointments to distract people/media from the chaos of Brexit, as Trump does with Russia.Past week:Toby Young.Jo Johnson’s university ‘free speech’ policy. 
As ministers talk up Trans-Pacific Partnership as post-Brexit trade solution, here’s how things will look in 2020.  
To @LiamFox We will criticiseLiars <that's you by the wayCon men <that's you by the wayTax avoiders <that's you by the wayDisgraced former ministers <that's totally by the wayBut most of all we will criticise tax avoiding scams like Brexit#FBPE #StopBrexit2018 
The Guardian proves that Brexit misery can be found pretty much anywhere, if you look hard enough. See its intriguing take on BBC drama McMafia:  
UK may be looking to join TPP but hard to see how countries like Peru can rival Germany given exports hit a modest £223m in 2015 vs £46.5bn to Germany #trade #Brexit 
A Tory ex-minister just tore into Theresa May's 'clueless' and 'ludicrous' Brexit Cabinet  
Tories want UK to leave the world’s biggest market where we shape the rules  to join a smaller one on the other side of the world where we don’t. Bonkers #Brexit  
Never forget...this ultimately is what #Brexit is about...the theft of our rights especially that of being able to take our Govt to an international court if it decides to remove our rights.  
If the government doesn't take its Brexit agreement to a popular vote millions will fight back, warns @vincecable 
Former Treasury Minister Jim O’Neill says today that Ministers in charge of Brexit are “clueless, sadly”. We couldn’t agree more.  
Britain in talks to join the TPP to boost trade after Brexit  
TPP is falling apart. US withdrew. Canada is thinking of doing so.EU already has FTAs with 9 of the 11 countries that make up TPP, which we will lose if we #BrexitSwapping TPP for EU membership is insanity. Time for #GE2018? Insist on #FinalSay 
Liam Fox calls for end to 'obsessive' criticism of Brexit  
New trade deals "would not come close to making up for lost trade with the EU after a hard Brexit", says @ChukaUmunna.If the Govt disagrees, maybe it should publish the Treasury's analysis of cost/benefit of new trade deals vs the leaving Customs Union. 
Me - the Brexit Labour are advocating will hurt the poor Corbynista - blairiteMe - what? Corbynista - Iraq WarMe - ok Corbynista- war criminal Repeat ... 
THAT’S WHY THEY WANT BREXIT FAST AND AT ANY COST! #StopBrexit it’s a con! 
"Obsessive criticism" of Brexit must end says @LiamFox  
There are 3 possible paths for Brexit in 2018  
Brexit was sold to the public as the solution to the NHS's problems. As these and other false claims make way for reality, people have every right to keep an open mind about leaving.  
one day, baby Brexit will grow up and go to a job interview only to be confronted with his nemesis: my daughter, Lisbon Treaty Williams 
Brexit costs money. And shedloads of it. Everywhere.  
The stop Brexit campaign is a noble fight and I salute you who are fighting it. It’s not just an economic fight. Our future and our children’s future depend on us winning this battle #FBPE 
It's good that the media have started to cover extending Presidential votes. There's set to be a referendum on this in 2019 & we need to not take anything for granted, we need to go out advance equality, citizenship & democracy by winning that referendum! #WeAreIrish #PresVote19 
Appalling. Truth is:@MayorofLondon is more concerned with fighting Brexit. More concerned with so-called hate crime. More concerned with pushing false narrative of London as model of diversity etc More concerned with anti-Trump virtue-signaling  
Brexit: UK could join Pacific free trade zone, says Liam Fox  
The divorce thing is a good example of why compromising over repeal is a bad idea. Here we are 20 years later needing another bloody referendum to fix a weaksauce compromise that was put into the constitution to get it to pass a vote 
WHAT ABOUT OUR SOCIAL CARE????? It doesn’t matter because we are going to give money to terrorists instead. We need a referendum on FOREIGN AID  
#Brexit is like being conned by a dodgy property salesman who promises you a 7 bedroom mansion with extensive rural views and gives you a rat-infested dump with subsidence backing onto a motorway viaduct, and denies you the right to back out of the deal.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Liam Fox wants no ‘obsessive’ criticism of Brexit. And @BBC obliges - producing a piece that parrot’s Fox’s opinion free from counter-balancing opinion. Do read it and tell me how this news article varies anything from a govt propaganda report. 
Failed & incapable SNP Minister Shona Robison says that Brexit will leave Scottish NHS in ruins...Too late, Nicola Sturgeon managed that prior to leaving the post under Alex Salmond! 
Lord Adonis is the political heavyweight Labour need to stop Brexit  
The volume of UK domestic deals surged to $68 billion from $34.3 billion in 2016 as the number of deals between British groups jumped from 1,480 to 1,681, the highest level since 2008.  Despite #Brexit 
This Tory ex-minister just tore into Theresa May's 'clueless' Brexit Cabinet 
Wouldn’t it be good if forecasters and commentators went back to thinking about what truly moves these  numbers, and come to see the impact of Brexit has been greatly exaggerated. All the reasons why the pound went down or up before Brexit still apply! 
It is true that they forecast a fall in the pound. It did fall against the dollar at first, but has put in a good performance more recently rising 12% off the lows. If it fell because of Brexit presumably it is now rising because of Brexit. 
Read the results of a study examining the role of positive and negative intergroup contact and anti-immigrant prejudice in Brexit - freely available until 9th January  @BPSOfficial 
"Brexit is the most selfish decision since Churchill saved Europe" WTF? this reads like a dictators speech.' We know whats best for you, brexit is wrong and should not be allowed its selfish' whilst also claiming EU is a democracy.What a joke.  
The favourite pastime of some economic commentators and broadcasters is to say such and such a figure about the economy they think is disappointing is because of Brexit. Often they are wrong to blame the Brexit vote for the figure they do not like. 
This representative British poll about treatment of citizens is great #Brexit   
'Pile of s***!' Relations with EU worse than EVER' Swiss MPs FURY as referendum call grows  
BREXIT SCANDAL! Hospitals in England told to delay pre-planned operations and routine outpatient appointments until 31 January due to winter pressures as Brexit Government spends £3bn preparing for Brexit.  #SaveOurNHS #StopBrexit #FinalSay 
#Brexit is about English, not British nationalism. It's a nationalism emerging after 400 years of eclipse by Britain & Empire. It combines seething resentment at being forced into existence by decline & rejection, with much of the arrogance & conceit of Empire. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Unelected peers would place British voters in an impossible position if they blocked our democratic vote for Brexit.  
Stop financing Brexit Shambles and spend the money and resources on the NHS  @theresa_may @Jeremy_Hunt 
With the right funding & support, results of recent study show farmers can deliver significant population increases in #farmland birds like skylark, starling and linnet  @DefraGovUK @NaturalEngland @michaelgove @Natures_Voice #Brexit  
The closest Lord Marland had to a post-Brexit plan was to tow the UK 4000 miles to the west and dock it in the Pacific so we could be part of the Trans-Pacific Partnership.I exaggerate. But only very, very slightly.#r4today 
Thread: Tories would place Queen in impossible position if they demanded 100s of new peers to force through Brexit 
"Brexit could very well be the country’s worst geo-economic miscalculation to date."  
Less money available for the NHS since the EU ref... Brexit is a humanitarian disaster. 
The government's short-term, clever wheeze of a two year parliamentary session (in part so as to avoid a vote on Queen's speech, a problem for any minority government) means they cannot use Parliament Acts to face down Lords before Brexit day.A situation of their own making. 
Only Guardian could get to nub of McMafia: "Are there inadvertent shades of Britain’s Brexit quandary about McMafia? Suddenly forced to make deals in the wider world, unprotected by EU scruples, with new “international partners” who might play by different rules?" Passed me by. 
People will keep asking Brexiteers tricky questions. They just want to get on and Brexit, no questions asked, no Impact Studies. No need to consult experts, they’re British, therefore invincible. Tally hooooo!  
No, Brexit should be opposed with the passion, clarity & articulacy of Andrew Adonis & refuting Iranian regime’s propaganda that protesters are American led & not fighting for their civil rights, isn’t being a Tory. It’s what the leader of the Labour Party should be doing  
.@_HenryBolton 'despite Brexit we are still getting deeper into the EU' 
Where is the £350 million a week for the NHS promised by @BorisJohnson when you need it? NHS cancels all non-urgent operations in January. #Brexit #FBPE 
Britain interested in joining Trans-Pacific trade deal after Brexit: FT  
Hello @LiamFox. I'll be ignoring your plea to stop criticising #Brexit & will instead be exercising my democratic right to oppose the shambles. I'm calling for MPs to order an immediate referendum to confirm that the 2018 “will of the people” differs from 2016 & then #StopBrexit. 
Please read this brilliant thread on Trump's Twitter strategy, and see how it applied it to the Brexit Ultras' strategy from the start.  
My new favourite Brexit thing is people who spent forty years being dishonestly & unrelentingly negative about the EU insisting that people stop being honestly & reluctantly negative about leaving it. 
The TPP announcement reflects a worrying ignorance in the UK of geopolitical dynamics around the South China Sea as well as delusions over the extent of British power.Just another day in Brexit 
This is so true but we’ve almost become accustomed to it. I still await that killer argument which explains why Brexit would benefit me. Or anyone else but tax-avoiding fat cats.  
SWITZERLAND: Bern's relationship with Brussels is once again in focus, as the outgoing Swiss President says a referendum on Switzerland's relationship with the EU is essential to decide the direction of travel.  
As public opinion turns ineluctably away from Brexit, govt becomes ever more desperate to force through Brexit-affirming legislation, exemplified by the plan to pack House of Lords with new peers who’ll toe the Brexit line. UK in urgent need of a modern, democratic constitution  
This story about the UK exploring membership of the TPP to boost trade after Brexit is so utterly comical and pathetic I'm reduced to a wry smile. Yes let's ignore the economic union of 500 million people on our doorstep for one on the other side of the planet. That'll work. 
These are the people running our country, and this is how they think.  I'm not even exaggerating.  #StopBrexit #FBPE #DavidDavis #MichaelGove #BorisJohnson #Remain #Brexitshambles #EU #Brexit  
Pro anti-government protesters demands acc to #Telegram Channels;1-Referendum2-End religious authority3-Free Elections4-Removing forced Hijab5-Equal distribution wealth6-Independence in Judiciary 7-Separating religion from politics8-Free Media 9-Gender equality  
If this is EEA / “soft” Brexit - what’s the point?!“It means Britain will maintain full access to its biggest market for goods and services, but now has to accept rules it has no say in making. It has also failed to “take back control” of immigration”.  
The future on Brexit looks grim and will lead to decades to deprivation and penury in the UK. #FBPE 
No more non urgent operations.. social care cuts, public sector wages going backwards, nurses bursaries gone, Brexit effect, staff shortages, ambulance service in crisis, cuts aka efficiency savings, privatisation.. Tory NHS Massacre  
My #Brexit concerns for 2018 in today’s @TheScotsman : 
Scotland also has the right to hold a consultative referendum on any subject it chooses, including independence..without the interference from WestminsterWho governs the governed? -  
There's nothing worrying about Liam Fox holding 'informal talks' regarding the UK joining the Trans-Pacific Partnership (11 countries on the other side of the globe) to boost trade after Brexit.Nothing worrying at all.*27 countries on our doorstep attempt to stifle laughter* 
You cannot be a patriot and a supporter of Theresa May (or Brexit)  
By demanding that we simply walk away, Americans including labor, left the U.S. no bargaining power and enabled Trump to put us in a Brexit-like bind, and empowered China, whose record on human and labor rights should not cheer the left. So what is your plan now? 
What Iranians want:1. Referendum2. Removing Vilayat-e Faqih (role of supreme leader)3. Free elections4. No forced hijab5. Fair distribution of wealth6. Independent judiciary7. Free press8. Separation of religion & state9. Gender equality#IranProtests#تظاهرات_سراسرى 
To those calling the victory of the Mahars in #BhimaKoregaon as British Victory over Indians, who the fuck made the casteist Peshwas the representatives of all Indians? Which India are you assholes talking of? Who held the referendum? 
Latest UK poll - "In hindsight was Britain right or wrong to leave the EU?"Right 42 (-2)Wrong 45 (no change)Don't know 12 (+1)Dec 19-20, YouGov#Brexit #EU 
Britain ‘in talks’ but ‘One TPP official said it was too early to discuss any UK plans to join it’. So doesn’t fit the definition of ‘talks’ really. Looks like a smokescreen and desperation for good Brexit news.  
If the choice is between: The 'right to work' in Bulgaria?OrTo have a democratic accountable government we can chuck out?I fear Bulgaria comes a very poor second.Viva Brexit  
Theresa May is desperate. She knows she's only in No 10 because Cameron fled. Vanity saw her call a snap election, wasting negotiation time. She failed to win a majority and instead had to buy one. She has no policies, just insisting the public still want Brexit. #FBPE 
it'd be hilarious if Trump reunited Korea and Brexit reunited Ireland  
Fox in #China: #UK trade secretary promotes post-#Brexit ties 
The CAA should tell Ryanair to get stuffed until O’Leary apologises for his misleading statements about Brexit.  I hope they charge him extra.   
@RichardDawkins @BBCNewsnight“Voters are fickle. Opinions change. We have no right to condemn future generations to abide, irrevocably, by the transit whims of the present. “If ever a decision needed at least a two-thirds majority, it was Brexit.”  
I don’t even have words for how irresponsible and reckless social media is acting! They are setting themselves up for a law suit and apparently being threatened w Sanctions by the British Parliament for not cooperating with the Russia investigation re Brexit 
Yes, #Dugin has said that long time ago and #Brexit was heavily interfered by #Russia/n #trolls. 
The 2018 midterms will be a referendum on the Trump Administration, but Democrats can’t just let him self-destruct. They must offer a convincing alternative vision for our country.  
 Newsflash to new Remainers:Supporting parties or politicians who support Brexit is NOT the way to fight Brexit.We call ourselves REMAINERS because we wish to REMAIN in the EU. No compromises. No soft Brexit. No "bespoke" deals. Just Remain.#StopBrexit 
I wish they'd stop framing the question as if in hindsight...we know #A50 can be revoked & #Brexit reversed...state that & ask the simple Qs: Do you still want the UK to Leave the EUORDo you want to #StopBrexit  & #Remain in the EU 
It is undoubtedly right to suggest, as @dannythefink does, that there is a political cost to abandoning Brexit.But it is undoubtedly wrong to suggest, as implicitly he also does, that there is no political cost to delivering it.  
Guardian, the Today programme and Newsnight.The negativity of the reporting on the EU negotiations from these outlets is relentless.  Anything good is “despite Brexit” and bad news is always attributed “to Brexit”.  #r4today .@BBCBreaking 
I love BBC World Service. Apart from the fact that they coverage a huge variety of internationally important issues... The external opinions on #Brexit are less insane. It's a shame we have to stay up all night to hear some fact and reason on the radio.  #StopBrexit 
A close reading of David Davis’s delusional Telegraph piece on Brexit.“It reads more like a fantasy than an honest plan,” says @Anoosh_C, who takes it apart line by line.More reasons to #StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
Brexit: the broken media - much as Brexit has revealed the fault lines in our political system, it is also demonstrating that the fourth estate is not up to the job. We are being badly let down by a broken media, and are worse off for it...  #Brexit.  
Andrew Adonis puts Corbyn to shame over Brexit so Corbyn supporters try to dismiss him as a member of the “liberal elite”.             Iranian protesters brave the violence of the regime & put its ally & former employee Corbyn to shame. Corbyn supporters dismiss it as US led . 
*Collective rolling of eyes*@uklabour #Brexit politicking returns after the Christmas/New Year break   
Labour is going to force a vote on keeping an EU charter on human rights after Brexit  
Theresa May's Brexit team is 'mad, ludicrous and clueless about the economy,' ex-trade minister claims.May's Brexit strategy is ‘fantasy’ and Boris Johnson is ‘our ludicrous foreign minister,’ according to Lord Bridges.Well said. So #StopBrexit. #FBPE.  
Britain in talks to join the TPP to boost trade after Brexit  
Brexit:Undemocratic Undeliverable Underestimated Unbelievable 
The EU is not a market.  it is the will to live together.  Brexit is...going backwards in time..is selfish.Play and replay.  Superb.  
I'm one of over 1 million disenfranchised Brits that live abroad, even though we and our families are most affected by the vote. Leave won by barely more than that. Do you think that is just? I certainly don't and will never accept the result of the referendum. 
I have a hunch that Labour will turn against Brexit in 2018.People depict Corbyn as an unmoving ideologue. But that's not necessarily true. If he lacks pragmatism why back Remain in the referendum? The numbers are shifting in that direction & his MPs support it. #StopBrexit2018 
Nicely put #Brexit is not popular and increasingly so — how long until cowardly MPs realise that their careers may well end permanently and soon if they don’t start going with their real gut instinct and pushing for a 2nd ref as a way of avoiding the abyss that is Brexit ...   
Delighted to appear on @bbcquestiontime with Chris Grayling to debate rail fares, £2bn rail company bailouts, Brexit, & why prisoners should be allowed books. Happy to do it in Qatar!  
After all, if you were hoping to roll back Equalities as part of a Hardest Brexit, finding a bunch of useful idiots to push for stripping one minority of its rights would be the way to go.And anti-trans feminists have a history of useful idiocy - Satanic panic, Islamophobia 
New year and little cheer for Brexit Britain where a number of surveys point to a deteriorating outlook  pic.twitter.com/bDP2dhNugk 
Well, thank goodness #Leave won the referendum and the NHS is now receiving that additional £350m a week... One of the many Brexit benefits we're all now enjoying.  
If 2017 taught us anything, it is that Brexit will defeat the political  ambitions of both @UKLabour and the Tories all through 2018. Solving the causes of Brexit, poverty, NHS waiting times etc will be on hold while May and Corbyn focus on trying to deliver the undeliverable. 
Brexit: Starmer to force vote on UK's adoption of EU charter of rightsMore legal expertise in @Keir_Starmer's little figure than in entire Cabinet. 
Corbyn ‘helping EU to PUNISH Britain’ over Brexit. Why is Jeremy ALWAYS on the wrong side of right?   
No mention of the word Brexit in the Mail lead on the NHS crisis - or, for that matter, anything about an extra £350m a week for the service.  
Keith Starmer finally spells out UK Labour's policy on #Brexit.  
"Don't you DARE try to stop us!" say Scots in landmark Panelbase poll that REJECTS any Westminster veto on an independence referendum -  #ScotRef 
“Liam Fox calls for end to 'obsessive' criticism of Brexit”. Er, no. @LiamFox 
Actually @Daily_Express I never mentioned @Jeremy Corbyn in my @Telegraph article today. HE is not trying to sabotage Brexit unlike Adonis,Blair and those MP’s who align with them  
A New Statesman reading of David Davis’ delusional Telegraph piece on Brexit  
If Labour has "a vision for #Brexit" it has yet to reveal it. "Jobs-first Brexit" is an empty platitude, not a vision. This is probably the main reason it is not doing better in the polls. #Newsnight 
Which is more dead: Brexit or the Conservatives? When that is being debated the only remaining question is why our lives are being ruled over and wrecked by both. #Newsnight 
‘You’re UNELECTED’ House of Lords warned of public BACKLASH if peers attempt block Brexit  
Remoaner Lord Heseltine lost for WORDS as he STRUGGLES to justify his anti-Brexit claims  
Jeremy Corbyn is ‘helping EU to PUNISH Britain’ over Brexit warns Labour MP  
#SkyPapers FFS that horrendus woman Yasmin Alibhai - Brown on. Get ready shouting & screaming non stop !!!! Brexit bashing & Donald Trump bashing guaranteed.  Change the bloody record. Yawn Yawn Yawn Yawn Yawn Yawn. 
This is the same “Socialist” Corbyn  now nominating Peers, now advocating Nuclear Weapons ,abstaining on Austerity votes ,backing Brexit.Man is a fraudster,socialist, my arse.  
In Brexit Britain the will of the 17.5M people, the other 45M have no representation. 
The midterms will be a massive referendum on Trump and a true test of his popularity. Let's make sure to send a clear message in November. 
YouGov's Brexit tracker has been asked in exactly the same form since Aug 2016. This is the trend chart  
3 things. 1) We don’t fund #nhs enough. 2) We are wasting our money on Brexit. 3) If you think privatising  #nhs will sort this - think railways. 
I'm with Nick on this. Plenty of time to get back to petty squabbling over party politics once we have defeated the cancer that will destroy our country. Stay focussed and united to fight Brexit. #StopBrexit  
A bad Brexit deal in the hope that we don’t Leave is the Remainers cunning plan.  Even Baldrick would see the flaw ....  
#Foreignstudents must be SENT HOME after studies: Influential Tories demand #Brexit action#EU students alone account for 130,000 immigrants to the UK@BrugesGroup@MigrationWatch 
.@LibDems have said Keir Starmer must come off the fence on Brexit, after he told the Today prog. that the option of staying in single market & customs union should be kept on table"If @UKLabour is serious about protecting jobs & economy, they need to join us" says @thomasbrake 
And Simon Fraser (former Permanent Secretary at Foreign Office & head of UK Diplomatic Service until 2016) is also right. This is cloud cuckoo land #Brexit. Prioritising Pacific over EU is utterly ridiculous. Maybe Ministers will apply for UK to join ASEAN next?!  
This is truly grim, embarrassing & entirely self-inflicted for UK! As director of company whose clients make long term decisions, we notice (& continue to) an increasing reticence for businesses to invest for the future as a result of #brexit voteWe need to #ExitFromBrexit 
Harry Kane could deliver Brexit. 
Good move Starmer. #Brexit also isn’t a party political issue, it’s bad for Britain and goes to the heart of who we are as a country and therefore should be opposed by all patriots.  
Kate Hoey: “Labour must stop the farce of pretending to accept the referendum result while doing everything possible to sabotage it.  
Halal meat could be labelled with method of slaughter after Brexit amid animal cruelty concerns. "Leading vets have for years raised concerns that the failure to stun animals before killing them under some methods of slaughter is cruel."  @telegraphnews 
Well done.#KeirStarmerShadow #Brexit-Sec.#Labour#HumanRights 
“For the first time EU can no longer take its future survival for granted"“This may be hard for Remainers to accept – especially those who have built their careers on thriving in the comfortably rewarding embrace of EU institutions”#Brexit #EU 
And if, @Andrew_Adonis Corbyn and McDonnell won't shift on  #Brexit then Labour parliamentarians must, even if cost is leaving their own leadership isolated and looking foolish.UK must be given the opportunity to #ExitFromBrexit 
@RichardDawkins @BBCNewsnight“Voters are fickle. Opinions change. We have no right to condemn future generations to abide, irrevocably, by the transit whims of the present. “If ever a decision needed at least a two-thirds majority, it was Brexit.”  
Laura Perrins "Brexit will happen because Brexit was not just a vote. It is a movement. It is a yearning to bring democracy home. Let’s bring it home."  via @theconwom 
Welcome to cloud cuckoo land #Brexit  
Switzerland demands EU referendum as frustration at relationship with Brussels EU boils over; Nationalism is not the problem, it’s the ANSWER. People will always take care of their own family BEST. #LawAndOrder 
**Vote & Retweet Poll**#Brexit is... 
Welcome to the @LibDems Simon, and thank you for expressing regret about voting for Brexit.  
interesting factor, I’ve pointed to before, of Government’s own making as the House of Lords treatment of the EU Withdrawal Bill comes in to range...Can’t use the Parliament Acts before Brexit Day, because of 2 year session:  
Agree entirely that farmers must always seek greater productivity and efficiency but feel totally patronised by the insinuation that we hadn’t thought of it before Brexit came along. 
Wednesday’s FINANCIAL TIMES: “Tories look far beyond Brexit with talks on joining Pacific trade bloc” #bbcpapers #tomorrowspaperstoday 
Absolutely agree. The reporting of Brexit by the BBC is appalling. I can’t even watch Marr. All we ask is that a very serious issue is presented carefully with attention to detail and all claims properly challenged. Not too much to ask from a “serious” broadcaster, surely? 
I honestly give up. Labour must be having some collected form of amnesia over Brexit.Let me remind them. The Brexit strategy they are proposing will result in the biggest transfer of wealth from the poorest quartile to the top 10% ever,#BrexitHypocrisy 
directive would be implemented UK tax year April 2019Owners of Mail Express Telegraph & Theresa May husband all avoid tax offshoreReal reason for brexitA50 trigger 29/3/17Crash out Friday 29/3/19 no deal EU law>UK lawRepeal tax law 1/4/19 using Henry XIII PWRTax year 5/4/19  
You couldn't make this up. UK looks to join Pacific trade group after #Brexit. We are leaving the EU next door to join the Trans-Pacific Partnership #TTP with countries that border the Pacific Ocean & South China Sea.Total madness! WTF is going on? 
GREAT:Ministers struggle to name ONE country that has expressed interest in a post-Brexit trade deal  via @LondonEconomic 
Thank you, Malcolm, for expressing what millions of us feel. The BBC has let the country down badly since the Brexit referendum (and before). Let's hope they up their game now. 
We won't put up with the Government using Brexit as an excuse to roll back hard-won rights. As I said in Parliament, it is an abhorrence that our Govt thinks that we can do away with rights that we fought for in the UN Declaration of Human Rights after WW2  
I have no problem being addressed as Remoaner, Snowflake, Libtard, Lefty or worse by childish trolls on Twitter, but hearing Robinson & Marr stoop to this level makes me despair at the levels of professionalism among BBC "journalists" #BBCbias #Brexit 
I never get bored of #Brexit, is it a new Psychological Disorder and is there a cure? We could #remain and then I could go back to drawing. #FBPE 
Govt’s “weak legal analysis...falls demonstrably & critically short in plugging the post-Brexit rights gap.” My thoughts in @Guardian on #EUCharter #FundamentalRights #Brexit as @Keir_Starmer says Govt analysis “woefully inadequate.”  
This is spot on. We urge anyone who has time, to write similar letters to the #BBC demanding that they stop using the term 'Remoaner' as if it is normal. Goebbels would have been proud of this normalisation of a term of abuse, as a propaganda technique. #Brexit #FBPE 
As the hard core #Brexit people get more threatening and aggresive so those of us who want to #StopBrexit must become more inclusive, engaging and kind. Hurling insults, even at the Tory party, tempting though it is, is no longer useful. 
Setting out Labour's first 2018 Brexit challenge to the govt. There will be many more ... The referendum does not require us to surrender our core values, including the robust protection of human rights. Nor will we.  
Great if so but #Remain supporters need to send a strong msg by not voting for Leave backing parties...this is the last real chance to make a protest that really hurts them where it matters.Binding #FinalSay 2018 to Confirm #Brexit or #StopBrexit & save rights & controls! 
Just spent 45 minutes completing an e-visa form for a non-European country, for a single, straightforward and quick business trip. After Brexit, if this is what is needed to enter EU and vice versa, the overall extra bureaucracy, time and cost will be huge. 
Thank you so much for your recent support, Lord Ashcroft! Last week you provided the #StopBrexit2018 campaigners with a wonderful poll to show that the majority of the 180k+ of the respondents want a 2nd Referendum on Brexit deal and now you promote #FBPE #FollowBackProEU  
Be in no doubt, #Remainers have won the argument and are seeing many former #Brexit supporters change their minds. Keep up the campaign. We will #StopBrexit andFor the love of the UK we MUST #StopBrexit 
I have never voted Labour and don't like the idea of Corbyn being PM one little bit but I have decided Brexit would be far worse. So I've decided I would vote for him if he undertook to stop Brexit or give us a second EU ref. Under what circumstances would you vote for Corbyn? 
."Conservative MPs who dared to insist parliament has final say on Brexit & Labour MPs who dared to disagree with Corbyn have found they have at least 1 thing in common: they've ALL been victims of death threats." 
My party, Labour, must stop trying to sabotage Brexit, writes @KateHoeyMP #premium 
.@SusannaReid100 will you please stop saying that "17.4m" still want Brexit on #GMB regardless of how the government is delivering it. Many of the "17.4m" Leave voters aren't even alive now and many more have & are contiuing to change their minds as they become better informed. 
French TERRIFIED of Hard Brexit: ‘Don’t punish the British’ port cities urge Macron  
I feel like the tenuous "age gap dating rule" (half your age +7) could be better applied in who you waste energy arguing with on the internet.I'm 28. I'm never going to change the opinion of either a 14yo Logang zoomer or a 56yo expat Brexit voter, so what are we doing here 
@TonyHallBBCDG I have listened to @BBCr4today since 11 Years old and tried hard to defend @BBC in every licence-fee debate I’ve encountered. However, Today prog  I can bear no more and switch off all political programmes over Brexit  biases. 
@TonyHallBBCDG I  also find it deeply offensive to be referred to as a Remoaner. In fact, I’m so disappointed with @BBC presentation of Brexit issues that I’ve pretty much given up on all your news/politics programmes. 
It would be so much easier to imagine a good Brexit if Liam Fox had nothing to do with it  
Latest YouGov Brexit trackers finds 22% of CON voters think referendum outcome wrong while 22% of LAB voters think it was right.  
Make no mistake, the Brexit leaders all see Brexit as the new excuse for Austerity - a low-tax, low-spend, privatised, deregulated future that benefits shareholders but not the poorest.  
How blessed we are that Brexit's enemies are such a deluded, comical rabble, says Dominic Lawson  
Once reason we voted for Brexit was to end the abuse of EU human rights law (e.g. the Rochdale grooming gang members fighting deportation). So, Labour's Starmer now plots to force a vote on UK's adoption of EU charter of rights.  
NHS winter crisis hits hospitals hard. Nurses and doctors have been 'leaving in droves' since the Brexit referendum vote.  
Liberal Democrat leader @vincecable  has defended plans to use his party's strength in the House of Lords to fight Brexit  
Dear Remoaners calling for the re nationalisation of the railways.The EU won't allow it. Keep chewing your knuckles for a bit longer. #Brexit#RailFail 
In tomorrow's National ... @TasminaSheikh on why time is running out to save us from the Tories' hard Brexit  
May's 2018 struggle not between soft & hard Brexit, but soft Brexit & fantasy. My money's on soft Brexit. Others may fancy the 2nd-ref dark horse.Key Qs: 1/ when does phase 1 deal reality finally catch up with her2/ when does she ask to extend A503/ does she survive either?  
I Bet He Does .. He doesn't want people to scrutinise and discover what a complete disaster #Brexit is.. And how toxic it is for the UK.  
The value of the goodwill lost in Brexit negotiations far exceeds £50 billion. How many generations will it take to forgive and forget the aggression being shown by EU and European leaders towards Britain? 
Why, so soon after becoming PM, did May dash over to New York, if not to take her instructions from Rupert Murdoch, following which she came back preaching hard #Brexit and demonising anyone who opposed it?#StopBrexit #FBPE 
When the vote came in back in 2016 I felt alone in my own community. Even in a Remain area like Leeds I was surrounded by people who didn't care what Brexit would mean to me and my family. #FBPE has given me the community I needed to feel I'm not alone. #StopBrexit2018 #FinalSay 
#Labour should now oppose #Brexit and campaign for a second #EUReferendum, argues Professor Benjamin Selwyn, our guest writer today. Please share. Link:  
I totally agree with @MollyMEP “I moved from distress about #Brexit and concern for the inadequacies of our electoral system to a conviction that we are actually in a battle for the very soul of democracy, both nationally and globally”.  
The UK has begun having informal talks with #TPP members about joining the Pacific trade bloc post-Brexit. Our @FT story: 
Labour need to stop pretending to support Brexit while actually sabotaging it - Brexiteer @KateHoeyMP 
BREXIT backing Labour MP @KateHoeyMP  has warned the European Union is splitting over plans for a superstate and it cannot take its survival for granted any longer. 
Friends! Scapegoat!As Our @mrjamesob so wisely points out, Brexit was driven by a tiny handful of 17,410,742 panto toffs, offshore money, & unhappy Far-Right, middle-class bigots in notoriously privileged towns like Sunderland.But, of course, they're too proud to admit this.  
Everything comes down to Brexit.  Here's the DfT explaining why Chris Grayling is really in Qatar.  
Uncomfortable viewing as it is, I hope they understand that although the incompetent Conservative government of David Cameron allowed a minority to dictate the future paths of the UK and the EU, the majority are now organising and fighting back.  #FBPE 
They don't want to give us a #FinalSay referendum so the local elections on May 3 will be our one chance to vote to express our opposition to a #Brexit that will harm Britain for decades to come. We must work for a huge vote for #Remain parties.  #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Can't decide if this is inspired or a bit desperate: UK looks to join Pacific trade group after Brexit  via @financialtimes 
Tories warn May not to budge over Brexit giveaways. Pressure is mounting on @theresa_may to deliver a clean #Brexit after 2 leading #Tory organisations issued the PM with 10 key demands for the EU negotiations. This includes Britain will not sign up to any EU army.  #Brexit  
Brexit propagandists talk about #Brexit as some kind of liberation. The reality is that that 2/3 of Britain's trade is with the EU and US who will be free to force a desperate Britain into great deals for themselves, not us.#Brexit is all stupidity & lies.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
ICYMI: The Treasury has produced forecasts of a range of different Brexit outcomes. Our letter from @ChrisLeslieMP and 24 other MPs called on the Chancellor to make them public. People deserve to know the facts about Brexit. 
With Brexit, UK no longer top destination for overseas talent. So much for “Global Britain”...#StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
And why? Terrible productivity growth, high inflation (from Brexit), weak trade unions. 
UK, YouGov poll:LAB-S&D: 42% (+1)CON-ECR: 40% (-2)LDEM-ALDE: 7%SNP/PCY-G/EFA: 5% (+1)UKIP-EFDD: 4%Greens-G/EFA: 1% (-1)Field work: 19/12/17–20/12/17Sample Size: 1,610#Brexit 
Lovely blog @Bristol4Europe So I get a lot of criticism for "not taking #Remain seriously".Or for "making the campaign look like a carnival".Anyone who doubts my style, remember, it's the ends not the means.Ask yourselves why we lost the referendum? 
Not surprising: “Brexit: UK no longer top destination for foreign jobseekers since vote to leave EU”  
#StormEleanor looks like a bit of air and some water, wait until storm #Brexit hits the UK. It'll wreck lives, damage infrastructure, paralyse our public services and nobody will come to our rescue. Why should they, as its self inflicted? #FinalSay #FBPE 
French TERRIFIED of Hard Brexit: ‘Don’t punish the British’ port cities urge Macron  
So Brexit will devastate British agriculture? Perhaps you should have mentioned it before the referendum? 
I understand the logic of fighting back on this stuff, but we won the referendum and need to push on with delivering Brexit, not get pulled into the weeds...  
Vince Cable has defended his plans to use the House of Lords to fight Brexit  
My close reading of David Davis' plan for Brexit:  
We hope @mikegalsworthy won't mind us using this snippet of his very interesting video on #FBPE, because it basically sums up what we think. If you really want to mitigate, or even stop Brexit - attacking Jeremy Corbyn isn't really the way to do it.  
Please sign, share and RT: Parliament’s vote on the Brexit deal must include an option to Remain.Now up to nearly 43,000 signatures - let’s see if we can get to 50,000.#StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
Foreign students must be SENT HOME after studies: Influential Tories demand Brexit action  
‘You’re UNELECTED’ @UKHouseofLords warned of public BACKLASH if peers attempt block Brexit. @theresa_may has been urged to overrule the House of Lords if peers attempt to block Brexit.  
So the UK could have held the presidency & be handing over to Bulgaria after its term in office.  Just imagine what the UK could have achieved instead of wasting time & influence monkeying about with blue passports on a jingoistic #Brexit bus of lies hurtling towards the cliffs.  
BBC: 10.5% drop in high street footfall is “due to Brexit”.Also BBC: 10.5% rise in online sales is “part of global trend”.Do you think one day they’ll put the two together?  
" European fintechs are in for a lucky break " : @businessinsider , @FT#fintech #startup #brexit #PSD2 / @JimMarous @leimer @DianeKazarian @psb_dc @Visible_Banking @TunstallAsc @andreaspages @andy_lucerne @ImMBM @antgrasso @Info_Data_Mgmt @MirelaXhota 
Why was this not done before?  Instead of scaring people into Brexit why false “immigration” figures?I still cannot believe this government is going ahead with Brexit based on LIES & on such a flimsy, advisory only, “majority”.Come on, @TomTugendhat, you know Brexit is wrong.  
Fucking up the place like Brexit and Trump! 
SDLP Brexit Spokesperson @ClaireHanna has welcomed the efforts of the Irish Government to meet the increased demand for Irish passports from citizens in Northern Ireland and has called for Irish passport offices in the North.Read more here:  
NEW Liam Fox demands an end to 'obsession with criticising Brexit' 
You couldn't make it up: David Davis is making such a mess of Brexit Theresa Mayhem wants to put Boris in charge. 
Brexit was only supposed to blow the bloody doors off. The referendum was an opportunity to vent rage at the Establishment, says @fotoole. Parliament and the people must have a #FinalSay on any Brexit deal or Remaining in the EU. #StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
Priti Patel refers Remain campaign to electoral watchdog amid claims it may have breached EU referendum spending rules  
Lord Adonis seems to be more vocal on opposing Tory Brexit then the entire a Labour front bench. He’s seems to have more ideas on how to mend ‘Broken britain’ then the entire Labour from bench.He’s given me hope that Kabour isn’t a lost cause. #StopBrexit 
Give us this day, our daily "yeah but Brexit" replies....  
The NHS is already crumbling because so many talented EU professionals have left through uncertainty of their status. We’re losing the prestige of the banking world to Germany. EURATOM, don’t even get me started on the damage Brexit is doing to science and research! Stop now! 
We've had one prominent Conservative brexiter trying to conduct eugenics on those of "low IQ".Now *this* brexit Conservative MP is menacing an honest, hard-working journalist for reporting the news.The Conservatives are no longer a party for the decent or the moderate.  
So here we are on the Brexit bus teetering on the cliff edge, with the gold bars at the wrong end. Brilliant article by @fotoole on Britain's precarious #Brexit predicament.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
EXCLUSIVE: PM could lose half of London councils in local elections, reveals Tory expert / #ToriesOut #Brexit #Toxic 
I would have to be gagged & shackled, with a gun pointed to my head, and I would  still not join the queue of lemmings wanting to jump off the Brexit cliff. Survival instinct still working. #StopBrexit2018 #FBPE the #PeoplesPatriots #FinalSayForAll #2018FlashMob #LeaveGate 
Already did. What a wonderful idea, she's managed to solve our echo chamber problem. Brexit'ers that follow will now get anti brexit info in their TLs, added bonus they'll confuse potential followers that are pro brexit. Many thanks Julia & David Vance, EU rock! #FBPE 
UK lawmakers examining Russia's interference in the Brexit vote are getting frustrated with social media companies' stonewalling — particularly Twitter."The information you have now shared is completely inadequate."  
17million voted leave EU. There are Remoaner bores out everyday trying to derail Brexit. Tony Blair & Richard Branson two worst culprits anywhere. You got same thing in America  Donald Trump bashing non stop. He’s doing brilliant job in America.  
The #Facts on the #BRITISH #BluePassport. If like me, you are annoyed at the blatant & constant LYING from #Labour & others on #BREXIT, PLEASE #Retweet & spread the #TRUTH!  #BBC #SKY #NEWS #UK #EU #Labour @UKLabour @Conservatives #Tory @jamescaan #UKIP #US 
BIG: Co-op to invest £160m in 100 new stores, creating 1,600 new jobs in 2018. Despite Brexit, right?  
Please sign and share this petition standing now at 42,000 signatures and rising.  Any brexit vote must include the option to stay. #FBPE 
Brussels will not be able to ‘cherry-pick’ a Brexit deal with Britain, warns David Davis in challenge to EU negotiator Michel Barnier  
REASONS WHY BRITAIN IS TOTALLY RUINED THESE DAYS, NUMBER 19,592: "Fictional characters not being patriotic enough to support Brexit."  
As well as fake news & bamboozlement, Leavers want real news that Brexit Britain is Booming. EU=Bullyboys=#FBPE thought he found it in an article *Booming Britain to become 4th largest in world*. Too bad he didn't notice the article was dated Dec 2015, proving the case for Remain 
Hopes for 2018:1. Brexit fails to materialise.2. Trump impeached.3. Scottish independence.4. A viable Socialist party to challenge the SNP.5. Lose 2 stone.Not much to ask. 
Latest YouGov Brexit tracker. In hindsight was  referendum outcome  or wrong?Right 42% -2Wrong 45% ="Right" hasn't led since August 
No. It's 'Follow Back, Pro EU'. I hope you show a little more rigor when designing your polls. And we're delighted to see Julia and her followers coming to see out viewpoint. A lot of very worried people are now understanding the truth: Brexit is undeliverable, always was. #FBPE 
TREACHEROUS Remainer @vincecable slammed for saying he'll use House of Lords to block Brexit even though he wants to abolish it  
You will see many twitter users with the hashtag #FBPE. Apparently this is "Full Brexit Pro Exit" . As you will see with @JuliaHB1 a well known Brexiteer... 
By 'respecting' a travesty of democracy and repeating the lie about a 'successful Brexit' @UKLabour is hindering our pro-EU campaign and is making itself look like an opponent to a great many Remainers. Trust & patience are now largely exhausted.#StopBrexit #FBPE #ProEU #Brexit 
.@johnredwood: "We can now say that thanks to Brexit unemployment has fallen, employment has risen, share prices especially for domestic companies have gone up and house prices have risen modestly"  
"Ministers steering the UK towards Brexit cannot point to a single country that has expressed an interest in striking a free trade deal."  
So @Nigel_Farage, the man famous for saying foreigners shouldn't interfere in a country's politics, is off to a foreign country to interfere in their politics. Tell me again the logic of your #Brexit mate.  
Fintan O'Toole: Brexit was only supposed to blow the bloody doors off  via @IrishTimesOpEd 
“Imagine an independent Scotland. Our own central bank and currency, new financial regulatory setup, new and/or reformed banks, its own stock exchange, national investment bank, full fiscal control, no sodding Brexit. What a great place it would be, eh?”  
Ministers have warned Whitehall that there can be no more "excuses" for going slow on Brexit preparations - including for "no deal"  
Turkey's referendum turned President Erdogan into an elected dictator in April. Our editorial was one of the year's most popular  
Hilarious. The Telegraph now warning UK farmers that they face potential annihilation as a result of Brexit. Odd they didnt warn about this before EURef.  
Hoorah! We have a prominent Brexiteer on board with #FBPE! Let's hope she Retweets some of #StopBrexit messages to her pro #brexit followers  Thanks Jules!  
I do hope she retweets for us... The more of her #Brexit followers who get to see our message the better!!!  Thanks Jules!  
Agree with much of what you say. However, there are many voices within the 'Stop Brexit' movement trying to do exactly what you suggest. Are you interested in lending your support to highlighting those efforts? If so - please do get in touch & we can connect you. 
“Bearing in mind we have significant number of members who are non-U.K. national's there’s an increasingly angry sense that those people are being used as bargaining chips in the #Brexit negotiations” @FernsSue @ProspectUnion 
Switzerland demands EU referendum as frustration at relationship with Brussels boils over   
Corbyn's Labour only took seats at the last general election because of tactical voting Remainers. Corbyn then knowingly misinterpreted those votes as support for his hard Brexit policy.If you vote Labour in the council elections in May, he'll do the same thing.  
My party, Labour, must do the right thing for the country - which is to demand a final say for the British people on Mrs May’s Brexit terms!  
.@KateHoeyMP is right: Labour must commit to a clean Brexit where UK takes back control of our laws, borders, money and trade  
I'd like to add my voice to the growing numbers seeking a 2nd referendum on Brexit. This is the only way to avoid national disaster and to retain the positive benefits of EU membership. Single market membership or a customs union is not enough. If you agree, please speak out now! 
Quote April EUCO #Brexit guidelines: welcomes the recognition by the British Government that the four freedoms of the Single Market are indivisible and that there can be no "cherry picking". The Union will preserve its autonomy as regards its decision-making. 
London & UK offshore tax havens are used as a 'laundromat' for dirty Russian money. The EU is introducing laws aimed at stopping this. Leading Brexiters cosied up to Russia & were rewarded by its assistance in promoting #Brexit.#McMafia 
Sutuation in Iran v serious. If they weren’t overwhelmed by Brexit, the PM & Foreign Secretary wd be leading European effort to help Rouhani against Khamenei’s brut-ocracy. 
"Labour, must stop trying to sabotage Brexit"- Labour MP, Kate Hoey is spot-on!  
Brexit in 2018 will be much the same as Brexit in 2017. Brexiteers will be sneered at & slandered daily. Remoaners will continue their belief that the EU is in fact a continent & not a corrupt superstate & TM will carry on with embarrassing our great nation. 
PM's own trade minister can’t point to a single country that has expressed an interest in a free trade deal with Britain  #Brexit 
Labour Brexit Secretary Keir Starmer MP at the bottom of parliamentary work rate table  
The @LandworkersUK are gearing up for the @ORFC 2018. Come join us in the Old Library where we will be hosting an exciting array of practical and political discussions from innovative farming practices to our post-brexit agricultural policy work.  #ORFC18 
“Brexit will be a great liberation for this country – but the leadership of the Remain campaign must still be held to account for their actions.”  
It would be hugely undemocratic for unelected Lords to derail Brexit and would weaken the public’s confidence in Westminster politicians  
Yes the Germans have publicly owned rail. Rail can return to national ownership without Brexit.  Indeed, as @Andrew_Adonis keeps saying, the ECML was run successfully by a State company for 5yrs after National Express could not pay its franchise - same story now with Virgin. 
I would be delighted if Leavers could "move on" & provide a detail explanation, sector by sector, of how Brexit will work, let alone make us better off. Currently, I see staff leaving the NHS, growth down, £ down, inflation up, investment down, xenophobia up, int'l infulence down 
Labour MP Kate Hoey writes in today's Telegraph: "Labour must stop the farce of pretending to accept the referendum result while doing everything possible to sabotage it." 
This 'Hard Brexit' 'Soft Brexit' has become something of a nonsense brought about by remainers who can't get to grips with the fact that a lot of people disagreed with them. We were told we were leaving the EU. What's not to get. Lock stock and barrel, we are leaving. 
Priti Patel refers Remain campaign to electoral watchdog amid claims it may have breached EU referendum spending rules #premium 
My latest new year resolution. Whenever I visit elderly leave-voting relatives on their last legs in hospital, I will casually mention: “Have you heard? Brexit’s been cancelled”... 
#Brexit 2018 can the usual Remoaner bores shut up  this year !!! We voted 17 million voted to leave EU. Tony Blair, Ken Clarke, Michael Heseltine, Gina Miller, Chuka Umunna, Richard Branson. Plus Owen Jones, Kevin Maguire & James the plank O’ Brien LBC      
Staff on the front lines of Britain’s immigration and customs systems say they’re stressed and overworked, according to accounts from multiple Border Force and UKVI employees. And they’re worried Brexit will make it a whole lot worse.  
You mean to tell us, Nadine Dorries, that you voted for Brexit and spread anti-EU propaganda when you hadn't even done research into basic facts like this?  Why exactly are we paying for your excessively high salary from our taxes? 
"EU Cannot Cherry Pick terms of Brexit free trade deal"- Brexit Secretary, @DavidDavisMP 
When a vote is won through a massive campaign of disinformation and lies, our democratic duty is not to respect it, but to expose the lies & liars and work to inform the public of the facts & win them the right to reconsider.#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit  
“The doors have been blown off and everyone can see the shambles inside the great machinery of state.” The wonderful @fotoole with the best #Brexit analogy yet in today’s @IrishTimes 
The public were grossly misinformed about critical issues at the time of the #Brexit referendum, always to the benefit of #Leave. John Major said it would be deceitful if the vote was based on inaccurate information. We should not respect a vote built on lies.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
“Despite the hysterical doom-mongering of Tony Blair and Lord Adonis, most people just want the government to get on with Brexit”. Spot on from @KateHoeyMP. As we embark on 2018, let’s work together to create a prosperous future for all. 
I will never forget how the British establishment tried to frighten the British electorate into voting to Remain in the EU ... it's a trust that can never be regained IMHO #Brexit #brexit #Brexiteers 
My campaign against suppressing free speech? Coded threats? Whaaat?#jumpedtheshark His resignation didn’t upset me - his erratic and irrational words - reinstate an Attlee gov and will do it in 2018 AND reverse Brexit- frankly worried me. None of it is EVER going to happen.  
With both May and Corbyn pro-brexit, would you support @Andrew_Adonis creating and leading a new independent anti-brexit party? 
Well worth checking  for an aggregate of all the news of the economic impact of #Brexit, with useful filters by region and by sector.  
Switzerland demands EU referendum to clarify relationship with EU as frustration with Brussels boils over...“We need a mechanism & regulated relationship with EU. That would also prevent political games like we are witnessing at the moment.”#Brexit #EU 
Good to read a Guardian editorial bigging up Anthony Barnett's Brexit/everything book The Lure Of Greatness  Here's a review of it I did a while back 
Britain wants financial services included in EU trade deal - Brexit minister David Davis  
Gisela Stuart, an amazing #Brexiteer ... intelligent, succinct and is proud to be British. I think that she has been a wonderful symbol of #Brexit ... Even though from Germany, her 43 yrs a Brit has proven to her that the EU system does not suit the UK. 
English translation:2018, here we come.More Brexit Positions than you can shake a stick atMore Cynical Fake Promises of 'Free Stuff'More Hounding of Labour ModeratesMore Fake News to blame on #TeamToryLabour Ready to Score More Own Goals... 
Liberal Democrat leader @VinceCable told LBC there's a chance the Brexit vote can be overturned.  
.@DavidDavisMP writes in the @Telegraph : 'After Brexit, we will prosper alongside Europe, not instead of it'   
Theresa May's popularity PLUMMETING as public lose confidence and anger rises over Brexit  
ICYMI yesterday my @Independent article on how Brexit could be stopped in 2018  
Exclusive: The data-mining firm that gamed Facebook to help Trump & Brexit is tied with the NATO national security complex; private military contractors; global fossil fuel industry; and pro-Tory financial oligarchy invested in Russian property markets  
Davis can demand what he likes, the EU position is clear. Britain can’t just take the best bits of the Single Market/Customs Union while avoiding all the costs and obligations. #Brexit reality.  
Tories heap pressure on May to STOP EU concessions in Brexit talks, seeking pledges that, e.g., Article 50 will not be reversed, the UK will not sign up to any part of an EU army and tough new immigration rules are put in place.  
.@VinceCable tells @NickFerrariLBC that whole history of the @LibDems has been doing the right thing even if difficult, be it leading parlimentary opposition to Iraq War, entering coalition with opponents for the national good, and now Brexit. 
SNP MP Joanna Cherry claims her mandate is to do anything she can to stop Brexit and revoke Article 50. Gisela hits back, reminding Cherry "not only did we have a referendum, we then had an overwhelming vote by Parliament to trigger Article 50.”  
Great! Though I wonder how many times you can change buses in an hour - unless you are Boris Johnson with a different Brexit policy on each hop-on hop-off bus!  
Fintan O'Toole: Brexit was only supposed to blow the bloody doors off  via @IrishTimesOpEd 
.@VinceCable tells @NickFerrariLBC important people have a choice on Brexit deal when we have an idea whether it’s good or bad - respect the public by giving them a vote 
*This* is what the Remain campaign should have been saying before the referendum! All the issues were reduced to money and markets. 
“Labour must stop the farce of pretending to accept the referendum result while doing everything possible to sabotage it. The leadership needs to listen to the voices of its core supporters outside London& commit to a fast, clean Leave” @KateHoeyMP  
.@KateHoeyMP on why @UKLabour must stop trying to sabotage #BrexitWell done her for speaking out about what her #Labour counterparts have been doing. 
MILLIONAIRE CEO DEAD IN PLANE CRASH, PLANNED TO QUIT 'COMPASS'...... HIS SON 'WILL COUSINS' WAS PROMINENT 'ANTI-BREXIT' ACTIVIST FUNDED BY SOROS 'OPEN BRITAIN' GROUP 
#Brexit means:Taking back what we never lost in order to lose everything that we currently have. 
"WHERE'S ARMAGEDDON?" Did the BBC tell you about the 10% rise in the pound in 2017?  No?  Well try reading pt 2 of our #Brexit New Year series of great economic news:  
"WHERE'S ARMAGEDDON?" Read part 2 of our New Year series, great economic #Brexit news:  .  Growth continues, despite...(etc!) 
Faisal in danger of crashing in same way as other notable remainers, including Adonis - who appears to have reached his resignation decision in Austrian Alps on a ski slope as he contemplated impact of #Brexit on the working classes (I’m a keen and regular  before attacks)  
#Brexit is a brick wall to progress, to Britain not only to May. Let’s dismantle it in 2018!  
#Brexit reality: Growth slowing; Investment stagnating; Spending curbed; Britain lagging behind other major economies. @FT 
Abortion referendum will not be delayed, says @SimonHarrisTD #repealthe8th #ItsTime 
'STICK to her guns!' Lord Lawson urges May to STAND FIRM on her no-deal Brexit promise  
How Brexit is quietly killing science  
Brexit Secretary David Davis says the EU 'cannot cherry pick' the terms of any free trade deal with Britain. David Davis calls for "full co-operation" in Brexit trade talks  
“Firms ‘must pay levy’ for Brexit export push”. Funny how the establishment solution to any perceived problem is to impose new burdens on industry. 
Brave and candid article by Labour’s Kate Hoey today.My party, Labour, must stop trying to sabotage Brexit 
There’s your Brexit establishment elite again - abusing workers and dodging tax.Why do they hate Britain & its people so much?  
*Brexit Update*  
Tell @jeremycorbyn @Keir_Starmer the road to No 10 is via Remain you cannot get there via Brexit. The borrowed Remain vote will not be there again 
URGENT: #Iran reopens border with Iraqi #Kurdistan closed after referendum  
BBC are reporting this morning that a 100 leading economists believe that growth will reduce to 1.5% this year. We could find another 100 would see the economy increase. BBC anti Brexit stance rears its ugly head again. Obviously, no change to its New Year resolutions. 
Priti Patel refers Remain campaign to electoral watchdog amid claims it may have breached EU referendum spending rules.  
Why Labour should oppose Brexit and campaign for a second referendum "bottom line for Labour is that a Tory-led Brexit will inflict immense damage on its working class support base,further fragmenting communities in the most deprived parts of the country" 
Serious allegation or serious attempt at deflection from the very nervous Leave campaigns? Of course Patel is the ideal conduit for such a counter offensive, having plenty of time on her hands due to her career being in tatters for lying through her teeth. 
Fintan O'Toole: Brexit was only supposed to blow the bloody doors off  
Isn’t it striking that “progressives” only revel in “revolution” when it comes to empowering the Muslim Brotherhood or Hezbollah types. But #Brexit made them apoplectic and now #IranProtests — apparently truly against repressive theocracy — are completely flummoxing them. #Iran 
EU 'cannot cherry pick' terms of Brexit deal  
Stuck in Nashville airport, the one restaurant-bar that had game on closed hour ago. My ESPN app isn't working. I'm flying blind on Twitter picking up snippets of Alabama's referendum domination of Clemson, a team that lost to Syracuse this year. 
Ballot on becoming a republic? I wish I could vote for a leader To become a republic would require a change to the Constitution, which means we would need an actual referendum, not a nonsense plebiscite/survey/straw poll  excerpt  
2018 is certainly off to an interesting start! Amb. Willy Nyamitwe @willynyamitwe #Burundi 's Senior Advisor to Pres. Nkurunziza @pnkurunziza granted me a very unexpected & brief interview on his US vacation plans & continued loyalty to @CnddFdd & the Referendum. 1/2  
This gives me goosebumps it's so on pointDon't like Adonis, Clegg, Blair as #brexit figureheads?They're only in play because no one else is stepping up  
This moron supports Brexit.Congratulations to everyone who takes his opinions seriously  
Has Owen Jones lauded *anyone* who has spoken against Brexit, or put forward any alternative names?No.Why? Because the more influential the figure, the more attention they take away from Corbyn and the more he is undermined. 
12) so we have a self confessed Remainer attacking the legitimacy of a major Remainer spokesperson (who just delivered a blistering attack on the Tories). Therefore by extension all anti Brexit peers have no legitimacy either & should resign & campaign for non existent seats 
1. Nothing will compensate losing membership of Single Market.2. We do have it already, not used.3. Government declared that UK is fully sovereign in the Brexit paper.4. This is probably the most exciting thing for you but unfortunately Brexit is raising support for the EU.  
Any similarities between nazis 1930s and some brexit tories 2018 are accidental...I really hope.  
Call me suspicious and cynical, but were it not for Brexit I would say this appointment was a smokescreen to distract attention away from Brexit. But that's just me.  
Brexit: a belief in success - given that, I guess Mr Davis needs to get on his knees and start praying, He doesn't seem to have much else to offer...  #Brexit.  
.Brexit Means..... There Won't Be a UK Anymore......  
Forgetting, of course, real context was near entire Scottish print and broadcast media moving to ‘war footing’ to deify Davidson, punt unionist parties, and talk down SNP at every opportunity. It was unionists & media who used LE & GE as virtual referendum on indy – and they lost  
Planted today on the M40. Our new year's intention clear-We are proud peoples patriots. Europeans fighting brexit to save our country #fbpe 
12 green business trends that will shape 2018 - From Brexit and Trump to electric vehicles and climate reporting, BusinessGreen looks at the issues that will impact businesses over the next 12 months  
The UK does lack leadership but, it doesn’t need your particular brand which is best suited for the bin. You don’t know the first thing about duty to this country or its people. #Brexit #OutNow 
Indeed! Fighting populism also means fighting the outcome of a referendum that was the result of lies, nonsense and false promises that were spread by populist (Johnson) and far-right (Farage) politicians. My group fully supports all attempts to #StopBrexit! #FollowBackProEU 
"The spotlight Brexit has put on the weakness of the UK’s Parliament is sobering. Britain’s centuries without a constitution evaded modern scrutiny – until Brexit".Walter Bagehot couldn't have foreseen Brexit, indy, dev & regionalism - time to revisit The English Constitution  
If you need any confirmation Brexit is failing  
Agree with much here. Yet my own fear is that we aren't crafting a collective story that can mobilise a majority of Scots to break from this Brexit pathology. Less reactivity, more vision.  
Last year was all talk, but this year won't be. This year they either destroy the country and economy or else abandon Brexit.Put your money down, cos one of those is going to happen this year. 
As someone who's lived & worked (TEFL) in Hungary, Poland, Netherlands & Germany, it sickens me that anyone would vote to deny others that opportunity #Brexit #StopBrexit #brexitshambles #Brexiteers #EU #FBPE #ToriesOut #ToryMess2017 #Labour #Poland 
If you come across this extreme right moggmentum #FBPE impersonating troll, please block and don't engage (engaging will boost it's ranking on Twitter)#StopBrexit #Brexit  
I’m repeating this. If we let the Quitters have our hashtag, we might as well all sit in a corner playing candy crush. #FBPE Follow Back Pro EU isn’t just anti-Brexit, it belongs to every single European who is Pro-EU. Own it, or walk away.@AuroraBlogspot#FinalSayForAll#FBPE 
Which wouldn't have been a major problem had the government stated clearly that the referendum was advisory and had taken the effects of such deficiencies into account. 
Europe is not going to turn Brexit into a new treaty. We are being formally expelled, and the Tories really do have neither plan nor ability to cope with what they've got the country into. 
Brexit enriches the few at the expense of the many   
KRG/SOMO (Baghdad) Crude Oil Storage in Ceyhan, Turkey begins the year with 1.5 million barrels reminaing out of the 12 million storage capacity. Exports (275Kbpd) are roughly half of what they used to be prior to the Kurdistan referendum which was held on Sept 25th, 2017. #OOTT 
As @UKLabour voted to support the EU Referendum Bill in 2015, which made explicit it was 'advisory only', the promise to 'implement the decision' was only in the Tory Gov't's leaflet (leaflets aren't legal docs), so they are in fact doing Tory bidding unless they #StopBrexit2018 
Every time this is explained to the folk negotiating Brexit they say something like ‘we didn’t realise this was so complicated.’ It’s (almost) laughable how clueless they are. 3/3 
Seen academics deny, in incredibly haughty manner, that there is any issue in universities - a contempt also evident in their responses to Brexit. Suspect Young's appointment will shake up precisely this, in a way an insider voice wouldn't. It's a culture war appointment. 
We do don't we...and there seem to be a lot more of them joining our ranks in wanting that #FinalSay in 2018 with a #StopBrexit option...democrats of course don't fear giving the People a rethink...even if it means it Confirms #Brexit...that is REAL DEMOCRACY. 
There's something subtley undemocratic about 'letting the government get on with Brexit.' Isn't participation from the people supposed to be democratically healthy? Aren't we all supposed to involve ourselves as much as possible? Don't we get a say at all? #Brexit #TheresaMay 
#Russia's state TV is making predictions for 2018's "known unknowns," akin to Trump's election & Brexit in 2017. "Known unknowns" of 2018 acc to RF state TV:Democrats losing in US electionsMerkel's early exitSocial unrest in Ukraine & Saudi ArabiaLarge mil conflict in Africa  
Priti Patel calls upon UK's election watchdog to investigate claims that the Remain campaign overspent funds during Brexit campaign and “flouted the rules”.  
Economists views on Brexit impact from FT 2018 survey:   Here's my contribution: 
When #Brexit politicians and press scream about "silencing", "sabotage", "subversion" and "enemies of the people" they are not making democratic comment, they are attacking the fabric of democracy.#StopBrexit #FBPE /1 
Don’t bow to Brussels! Tories heap pressure on May to STOP EU concessions in Brexit talks  
Two leading Tory groups @bowgroup & @BrugesGroup heap pressure on May to deliver a clean Brexit with no concessions publishing 10 red lines  
The UK has paid billions into the EU, we should not pay anything whatsoever for a brexit bill we don’t owe. Tony Blair gave up part of the UK’s rebate in 2005 & lost the UK billions more. Don’t hand over 1 penny to the EU  
'The PM has been left in what has been described as “a minority of one” as Cabinet opposition to the policy has grown.'This is a crazy hangover from May's time at the Home Office. Her legacy is a poor one, so it's fairly astonishing she became PM. Another conseqence of #Brexit  
This year I am incredibly excited to work with @1854 on a commission focussing on love and Brexit. I'm on the hunt for creative couples where at least one partner is a European citizen who does NOT hold British citizenship. Anyone in?  
Number of countries asking the UK for a post Brexit trade deal:   Zero@DavidDavisMP    Global Britain you said.@LiamFox              Trade deals are easy you said.Ha ha ha, Brexit Taliban numpties.#StopBrexit#FBPE 
Brexit the Movie!  
No It’s For Brexit Prompt Exit  
David Cameron:"An in or out referendum.When the British people speak, their voice will be respected – not ignored.If we vote to leave, then we will leave.There will not be another renegotiation and another referendum."...because this choice cannot be undone."#Brexit #EU 
Freedom of movement is my work permit - don’t take it away.In the EU, We can travel, live and work all over Europe. Brexit will take away that right. More reasons to #StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
Rumours in FT that Davis will be replaced by Johnson as lead on Brexit because Davis is not considered competent. Seems that Downing Street has either lost its sense of irony or is deliberately trying to sabotage Brexit from within. 
Oh my word...Brexit Britain will be a laugh a minute.  
#LordAdonis’s departure is long overdue. It’s a bit rich for him to pontificate on what he calls populism, but most would refer to as #democracy, when he himself has never been #elected. He has instead relied on preferment from others! @Andrew_Adonis #BBC #SKY #UK #EU #BREXIT  
Given that the ONLY way our constitution can be changed is via a formal referendum, a non-binding non-compulsory postal survey on Australia becoming a Republic seems a collosal waste of time and money. Well done Turnbull, you buffoon. #auspol 
#FBPE #StopBrexit #Brexit #leavers #LeaveEU If there were a second ref would you change your vote (or if you didn't vote last time): 
Been fighting #Brexit for 18mths...longer than many...ain't gonna stop now...it harms my country & as a patriot I seek to prevent my country being harmed...It is Democratically essential that the Ppl be given a Binding #FinalSay in 2018 to either Confirm #Brexit or #StopBrexit. 
UKGov "Ministers cannot name a single country that asked UK for a post-Brexit trade deal"  
Money was enough! German MEP says EU asked TOO MUCH from Britain in Brexit talks  
When Leavers talk of 'Remoaners' they are not criticising arguments against #Brexit, they are attacking the democratic right to oppose Brexit. By doing so they are undermining the basic principles on which our democracy stands.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
In recognition of your conversion to  here you are as Julia Europa Brewer #FBPE, #Brexit  
In 2018 Labour face a choice:Be the party that colluded with the Tory right to impose a hard Brexit on us OrThe party that acts to protect the economy, protect the NHS & protect the poorest in society.We’ve got 452 days and counting ... #StopBrexit 
With the crucial year for Britain's negotiation with Brussels ahead the #BowGroup & @BrugesGroup will lay out the #BrexitRedLines of Brexiteers for any deal with the EU-tomorrow in the @Daily_Express @DavidPBMaddoxSoft Brexit it ain'tHere's to a prosperous and free 2018! 
This will be the year the brexit conundrum finally brings May and her Tories down  
DOMINIC LAWSON: Brexit's enemies are such a deluded, comical rabble  via @MailOnline 
Business owners fear Brexit could affect livelihoods in a French village popular with expat Brits. More from @ReutersTV:  
"Many in the Stop Brexit campaign seem to have absolutely no interest whatsoever in assessing why Remain failed in the first place".  
#recap 23 amusing signs to distract you from the perpetual doom that is Brexit, Trump & climate change 
Economic forecasts are no better than astrology when it comes to Brexit effects. 
Your use of the term 'Remoaners' @Digbylj shows your complete contempt for the fundamental democratic right to oppose any policy, no matter how it was arrived at. Defend #Brexit if you will, but do not try crushing democracy.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Liam Fox: The Brexit future is bright. Employment is up, foreign direct investment is up, exports are up, trade agreements with big, fast growing economies are in the offing.  
'No excuses!' David Davis says mandarins must do more to prepare for an IMMEDIATE Brexit  
Dear Remoaners,In 2018 try & understand a simple issue you failed to grasp in 2016 & 2017#Brexit voters love:EuropeEuropeansEuropean cultureThe rest of the worldTradeGlobal opportunitiesWe despise:The EU#FBPEYour whiningGet it?Ta#Brexit voters  
2018 is all about getting another independence referendum. If we don't do it we might as well give up now. So enjoy your wee break. It's going to be a busy year. 
#ForBritain saysBREXIT NOWNo divorce fees & no transition period.Get ALL our fishing grounds back under UK control.Cease to be a member of Single MktCease to recognise the European Court of Human RightsMake trade deals with rest of the worldClose open door to EU migrants  
Brexit threatens the port of Dover with massive traffic jams  
Labour Brexiters who say we should respect the referendum result are saying it is fine that we should have our future for decades to come decided by the hate and lies pumped out by the #Brexit billionaire press. Whose side are they on!#StopBrexit #FBPE 
It's utter madness...ther is no good #Brexit to be had...any version leaves us far far worse of than before with fewer Rights...the Ppl must be give a #FinalSay in 2018 with a #StopBrexit option.. 
Delighted that such an experienced and respected Camden councillor has joined the Lib Dems. Our door is open to other former Conservatives & former Labour members who want to fight for an open, liberal UK and against hard Brexit.  
I agree wholeheartedly with this. If Labour are hoping Brexit will destroy Tories, allowing them to sweep into power, then do something about it, I'm not buying it. I will vote for whatever party and approve any individual who opposes Brexit immediately. #FBPE 
It occurs to me that we should not vote in #Brexit troll polls. It gives them exposure and pushes them up the Twitter rankings so they're more likely to be put forward for following. Instead block the troll, and report if anything bad in its timeline. #StopBrexit #FBPE  /1 
Really? Supporting the waste of billions on Trident, dithering and posturing on Brexit despite overwhelming vote against leaving EU in Scotland, making 'promises' on student debt only to 'clarify' that wasn't really what was meant....radical? Really??  
It is vital to fight Brexit NOW, not at some magical future moment when the stars are aligned & the polls favourable. The Great Man did not say, ‘we will fight them on the beaches, when YouGov allow me & we know what the interim phase is going to be after March 2019’! 
With Davis admitting #Brexit is likely to fizzle out like a wet new years firework, I wonder how long before the domino effect sweeps May into the gutter, where she belongs; and the in-fighting starts for the top job. 
Canvassing on behalf of a Labour government which, as it stands, would be EVERY BIT as gung-ho for Brexit as the Tories.You don’t oppose Brexit. You may say you do, you may believe you do, but your actions define you otherwise.You are working FOR Brexit, ergo you are Pro-Brexit  
Appointing one of the most stupid people in politics, @toadmeister, to oversee our universities is another stunning reminder what a dysfunctional basket case Britain has become since #Brexit 
And the winner of the iconic image of Brexit from 2017 is......*drum roll*...@tominfrance with this beauty! Thank you to all who entered and voted. Tom, can you DM me your address & I'll send your prize of the fabulous @albawhitewolf book. #FBPE #StopBrexit2018  
Repeatedly, the majority of Labour people reject the increased austerity and suffering Brexit would bring. We believe if @UKLabour opposed Brexit and led a campaign to explain why, hundreds of thousands of people would gladly knock on doors.Would you? 
Happy New Year! Let's make 2018 better than 2017 and let's secure an exit from Brexit; more investment in the NHS and more affordable homes.Join our team and be a part of it:  
Preposterous conspiracy theories to deflect from the real collusion with Russia and the far right over Brexit.  
Brexit in UK, forced by insecure less educated white working classes, & Rise of mentally unstable Trump in America (courtesy lesser educated White America) mark the beginning of the end of a brilliant Anglo-Saxon era in World History, Amen! 
The LADYBIRD BOOK of BREXITEERING #brexit  
This is a conversation where someone voted Brexit to ensure stringent immigration controls as his passport wasn't properly checked when he came back from France.Yet another way the Brexit camp blamed the EU for (perceived) UK government failures. (Please do NOT give him abuse)  
To those inventing my ‘liberal elite’ background: I’m happy with who I am & see no need to repent. In particular, I’m a radical social democrat whose 2018 mission is to fight Brexit & reinvent the Attlee Govt to meet today’s crisis! 
This may be controversial, but I believe it's critical to influence ALL politicians to #StopBrexit2018. I won't join in slagging off @UKLabour, but instead continue to pressurise them to see how Brexit will disable their plans. This is all about changing the #WillOfTheMPs #FBPE 
3 months ago today,  Spanish police used force against children, teens, women, men, and the elderly, across Catalonia. Their only crime was to vote in a referendum on independence.  
Thanks @AndyHearn09 for your honesty and decency.Who will be the first high-profile Brexiteer to have the courage to admit they got it wrong?If public opinion changes, we can reverse Brexit by a 2nd Ref in autumn 2018. Our future depends on it IMO.  
#scotref2018 For our future generations . Please come on board lend SNP your vote for Independence from Tory WM and Brexit . You wont regret it  
The threat of Wales being subjugated by Westminster in pursuit of their "slash & burn" approach to achieving a Brexit deal to satisfy the hard right is a very real one towards our democracy & future as a Nation.Wales, make 2018 the year we stand up & are heard.  
Former leader of Camden Conservatives joins Lib Dems, cites Brexit  
People are applying for EU passports since the EU referendum vote.  
Andrew Adonis has continued to speak out with common-sense and passion about the merits of continuing our membership of the European Union.The referendum was a misjudgement, Government and Parliament should have managed this issue better, now we have to sustain our campaign.  
Another one totally losing the plot. And getting abusive in the process. #Brexit  
I wish more ppl understood just how dreadfully damaging hard Brexit will be. If we don't keep benefits of SM/CU then Britain's investment and jobs will be decimated. Integrated supply chains, biomedical science, research will all suffer yet it seems few understand the damage.  
'STICK to her guns!' Lord Lawson urges May to STAND FIRM on her no-deal Brexit promise . Another disgusting broadcast from Lawson’s home in France. One of the most nauseating of Tory’s. Brexit bile to be ashamed of. Stop Brexit and the hate.#FBPE 
The elephant in the room is the looming reality that if Labour has big ambitions for social justice, they are simply impossible with any form of #Brexit. The money will not be there. #ExitFromBrexit#FinalSay#StopBrexit2018#FBPE 
Hope Julia has realised that she will only confuse ppl  who support brexit. I know it's not many, but still worth considering #FBPE 
Liam Fox: In this new year, let’s resolve to capitalise on the huge trade and investment opportunities of Brexit | Conservative Home  
Is it time for a second Brexit referendum?Do vote and retweet for a larger sampling.#Brexit #Politics #Poll 
Genuine question: if you want to Stop Brexit, are you knocking on doors in Leave constituencies to try and convince people who think differently, or just being angry (including at other Remain voters!) on Twitter? And if not, why not? 
John Major said "As politics has become more rancorous – I have often thought back to that time, and wondered how we lost that tolerance of opposing views."I seem to remember he told #Brexiteers they were all ignorant ... tolerance personified ? #Brexit  
Absolutely agree that this is what we need to do; unless the views/mood of the public changes, Brexit will happen.  No time or resource for duplication. So when you listen and talk, you too need to share information about the consequences of Brexit. No?  
How about endeavouring not to sue our NHS over lost contracts?Perhaps no more interfering in Brexit decision?Oh, and pay some tax.  
I'm campaigning with Momentum across the country to knock on doors in Tory seats to talk to, and listen, to voters.This is how grassroots politics work. Are Stop Brexit campaigners mounting a national campaign to knock on doors in Leave areas to do the same?  
I worry Stop Brexit on Twitter has become like the old caricature of the leftIntolerant; looking for traitors, not converts; backwards looking; defined by what they're against, not for; dogmatic; obsessed with conspiracy theories; dismissing voters as having false consciousness 
A UK trade deal with 3rd countries isn't viable until we have the details of any EU deal. The idea that we'll have trade deals ready to sign post Brexit transition is just a fantasy. They're lying, it's that simple. #StopBrexit2018 #FBPE 
The 10 must-watch candidates of 2018: These hopefuls will provide clues on how a Trump referendum election is shaping up. via @POLITICO for iOS  
Wow @Andrew_Adonis is attacked for speaking out about Brexit by Dacre’s DM & Owen Jones. Just shows you Brexit isn’t Left vs right but those who put political ideologies & Party before the people of this country   
In light of misleading information exposed, accurate information obtained, a deeper realisation & understanding of the complexities & consequences & because it affects the destiny of millions, it is wise & our duty to reconsider Brexit.#StopBrexit #brexit #remain #leave #fbpe 
My 3 biggest hopes for 2018: 1) The US locks Trump up in prison, along with his family, and all his traitorous GOP co-conspirators, 2) The US Senate and House are controlled by the Democrats, and 3) The UK stops Brexit! #FBR #FBEU #TheResistance2018 #TrumpRussiaConspiracy 
Thanks Julia, yes, Pro Exit from Brexit. Now let's go and #StopBrexit together! 
Making the short trip from Dublin to Belfast. If the Tories and DUP have their way, I'll need my passport for this, which is a psychological disaster for most people on this island. Back to the dark days of the Troubles #Brexit #Border #StopBrexit #brexitshambles #Ireland #FBPE 
This is the #Brexit mentality.  
Nigel Farage is coming to Dublin next month to launch the Irexit campaign. 89% of Irish people support our EU membership. Using his own rhetoric, Nigel Farage can fuck off back to where he came from! #Brexit #FBPE #brexitshambles #nigelfarage #StopBrexit #BrexitChristmasMovies pic.twitter.com/UKLlgKwrra 
Now that artificially upped immigration numbers have done the job to give us #brexit readjusting statistics post Brexit will also provide illusion of taking back control of our borders. Crafty.  
Business owners fear Brexit could affect livelihoods in a French village popular with expat Brits. More from @ReutersTV:  
An anniversary Worth noting. @dfatirl It has been a rollercoaster ride at times but EU has added immense value to Ireland’s efforts to internationalize, modernize, and pull itself up by the bootstraps. Denmark an important ally as we sketch our post-Brexit future in Europe.  
For once, just once, it would be nice to hear something positive on #brexit from brexiters, and not just the tired, old "you lost, get over it"It's literally all that's left to keep #brexit going, the fact that an impossible fairy tale Brexit was voted for 18 months ago  
John Redwood MP: Freedom is the prize...When we leave the EU our vote to choose an MP & governing party will once again have more power & authority.Brexit also brings us the ability to press them to change, or to change them if they refuse.#Brexit #EU 
I stand by every word of this blog post... "This much I know about the Brexit dishonesty of Gove and Johnson."  
Leaving the single market and the customs union is more than just consistent with the referendum result. It is an essential part of seizing the opportunities and reaping the rewards that #Brexit can bring.   
Fairly apolitical friend last night "what has this government actually done - apart from Brexit" - neither of us could come up with a single thing. 
Welcolm to these Brexit refugees  
SNP election landslide proves referendum result was rigged, claims Russian official  
Ministers cannot name a single country that asked UK for a post-Brexit trade deal . The rosy Brexit future is just a mirage. It never existed, most of us knew that. But Mrs May and her Ministers have sought to mislead the British public. Shameful.#FBPE 
These hopefuls will provide clues on how a Trump referendum election is shaping up in 2018 
Yes. There's this small matter called Brexit that's completely at odds with most Labour voters. When will they get the message? In 2018, 2019, never?  
So pay rises & bonuses are back at Deutsche, which has issued endless Brexit warnings while being a major contributor to the global crisis that meant many voters have not had a pay rise for a decade.And people wonder why nobody is changing their mind. 
Daily, public support for UK fishing industry continues to grow & people now realise industry has been betrayed over past 40-years.“Labour Party are no fishermen’s friend; unless of course, they are French, Dutch, Belgium or Danish fishermen”#Brexit #EU 
Set Brexit aside – here are the political issues you mustn’t lose sight of in 2018 Spot on Frances 
If @UKLabour is so hesitant to oppose Brexit due to northern English Leave voters, why isn't it going out there to TALK to them? Why this passivity?While Labour does nothing, UKIP, the alt-right & the tabloids get a field day. Every day they get completely open terrain. 
1 January 2018 is the tipping point date beyond which no 'Will of the People' mandate can be claimed by @theresa_may, with 545,000 referendum voters now deceased & 725,000 young voters having reached their voting age, the referendum result has exceeded its shelf life.  
Compare @OwenJones84's trumpeting that the "people have spoken" with Lord Attlee's stern warning about referendums. Who should we take more seriously, Owen Jones or the greatest Labour leader?#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit  
Outstanding by @eloisetodd of @BestForBritain. Please read. "This is how Brexit can be stopped in 2018" 
The hypocrisy of the Brexit Elite. Slating Lord Adonis, for being a skier. From their European Skiing holiday. #FBPE #StopBrexitSaveBritain #FinalSay 
#Brexit will lower consumer prices by about 8% benefiting poorest households most & raise national output by 7% or £135 Billion each year.3% growth by 2025 will give Government additional £65 Billion per annum to spend on public services or tax cuts.#EU 
"Ministers steering the UK towards Brexit cannot point to a single country that has expressed an interest in striking a free trade deal. "#fbpe #StopBrexit2018 #StopBrexit #ExitFromBrexit #remain 
Facebook and Twitter, stonewalling over Russian interference in Brexit, have 17 days to hand over evidence to UK parliament - or face sanctions.  
Not one country has asked us for a post Brexit Trade Deal.Not one country...Not one...#BrexitBritain 
Shocking to see @OwenJones84 proudly spouting the lie that "the people have spoken". This belongs with the "Will of the People" rhetoric which is used to delegitimise the democratic right to oppose. It is the device of demagogues and dictators. #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit  
#Brexit in numbers - 1,181 high-level engagements & consultations. Tánaiste @simoncoveney highlights Ireland's #2017 #Brexit activity  
The lamentable @OwenJones84 talks about "figureheads wheeled out to champion the Stop Brexit cause". We don't have politicians to 'wheel' out, we have to accept the handful who have the courage, unlike Owen Jones, to stand up to #Brexit. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
A full year and a half have passed and we are still none the wiser as to exactly how Brexit will work for anyone but the very few. Where is the evidence to support the claims? Could it be that Brexit is only for the very few? Show and tell or Brexit goes to hell. 
Brexit was driven by rich tax avoiders like owners of mail, Express, telegraph + Theresa May husband. The EU tax avoidance directive cone into force January 2019 and would be implemented in UK tax year April 2019A50 trigger 29 March 2017Coincidence?#StopBrexit 
There really must be a dearth of talent in the Tory party. Either that or they’re on a path of deliberate self destruction so they don’t have to deal with Brexit. Toby Young. FFS.  
BREXIT SUPPORTERS: “Brexit will let Britain get away from the stifling red tape of the EU and become a dynamic, free, forward looking nation fit for the challenges of the 21st century!”ALSO BREXIT SUPPORTERS: “Let’s bring back shillings.”  
QUERY The self appointed band of Brexit busters, Blair, Hezza, Cleggie and Adoronis all wanted to join the Euro to show their enthusiasm for the EU. Do they still? 
As Theresa May considers reshuffling the Cabinet, do you think UKGOV will do a good job of Brexit in 2018? 
Given I'm now apparently Nigel Farage's more Brexitty twin, here's what I've written on Brexit this last year. 
Twice today I've seen Brexiters blame the EU for austerity. It's just another attempt to blame our nation's self-inflicted ills on the EU. #Brexit is not about taking back control, it's about petulantly blaming the EU for Britain's failings.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
I just got an email about "Labour's action for the NHS". My reply : Not much point in "taking action" for the NHS and yet supporting May and Putin's  crackpot "brexit" now is there. Do tell Jeremy he could not possibly get it more wrong. You can email it to:  leader@labour.org.uk 
And we kick off 2018 with the news that Liam Fox can’t name a single country that has asked the UK for a post-Brexit trade deal.So much for trade deals on Day 1.But 451 days still to #SaveBritainStopBrexit.#StopBrexit. #StopBrexit2018. #FBPE. 
In 2014 Labour fought in Scotland to keep a Tory austerity Government.In the next independence referendum they'll do the same.  
Me for @Telegraph: HMRC and the Electoral Commission are determined to make sure that nothing like Brexit ever happens again.  
What exactly is there to feel positive about?Please list the deals we can expect, and how long it will take to negotiate them.Please state what Brexit ideas are starting to "germinate".Please define "renewal" in a post Brexit UK.  
Deft touch by Dominic Lawson.How fortunate we are to have the Ultra-Remainer Resistance's Stop Brexit movement led by such an arrogant, deluded rabble lacking any democratic legitimacy. 
Amazing vídeo of Catalan citizens in Alcarràs resisting police violence in their will to vote in the independence Referendum on Oct 1st 2017.  
Brexit is like deleting an important file on a computer. Once you hit 'delete', the system will ask you to confirm that you would like to delete the file. In the case of Brexit, the @LibDems believe you should be able to rethink before deleting 40 yrs of progress. #ExitFromBrexit 
Very well said, Dominic: "Sir Nick Clegg, Lord Heseltine, Lord Adonis, Lord Malloch-Brown, Tony Blair. Truly, Brexit is blessed in its enemies." via @MailOnline 
☞On this day 3 months ago (#1oct), 2.286.217 people voted in #Catalonia's independence referendum despite Spain's occupation forces brutality. We won. We won't forget 
I absolutely love that the self-styled Brexit resistance are Lords, QCs and 'philosophers'.The best bit is I don't think they even realise how ridiculous they look  
I’ve not felt this positive about Brexit for months.  Deal taking shape.  Open, liberal ideas for post Brexit Britain starting to germinate.  Signs we will see a sense of renewal in 2018 and beyond. 
David Cameron:"It will be your decision whether to remain in the EU... or whether we leave.YOUR decisionNobody else’sNot politicians’Not Parliament’sNot lobby groups’Not mineJust YOU.YOU, the British people, will decide.And it will be the FINAL decision"#Brexit #EU 
Most of those who voted to remain in the EU respect the result and just want the Government to get on with it.YouGov track this on a regular basis, and most recently found that only 15% thought that #Brexit should be stopped. 
Are you one of the "most people" of whom Theresa May says, in her New Year message, ".. just want the government to get on and deliver a good Brexit”. 
Let’s take a little look at the Brexit lie that the EU is undemocratic. This articulately exposes this lie for what it is. A Brexit lie! Another to add to the hundreds they spread! #StopBrexit #BrexitShambles #FBPE 
Delighted that such an experienced and respected Camden councillor has joined the Lib Dems. Our door is open to other former Conservatives, who want to fight for an open, liberal UK and against hard Brexit.  
Post-Brexit, he will be replaced by his brother, Anus, who famously has two arses, one looking out on past glories, the other to trumpet in the glorious future.  
It's now SO obvious that @BBCNews has been 'warned off' covering anything Brexit-critical! So HappyNewYear to our very own BrexitBroadcastingCorpse! - whose Daily joke has become "what can we find today that is irrelevant & 12,000 miles away, to distract from Country-Killing"? 
What do remoaners want?A second referendum!And if they lose that one too?A third!  
This is how Brexit can be stopped in 2018  
If we only get one referendum in 2018, what do you want it to be about? 
« This will be the year the brexit conundrum finally brings May and her Tories down » : Manuel Cortes   
“The Mail is spot on..I AM the #Brexit hating Lord AdonisI also HATE:People who disagree with meDemocracySelf determinationGlobal opportunitiesVotersThe working classBritainI LOVE the corrupt, protectionist, authoritarian EU.I’m @Andrew_AdonisI’m an idiot” 
New Year, new energy, new drive, new hope.2018: the year Brexit collapses under its own contradictions and the people say 'No, this is not what we want'  
In the absence of a #FinalSay referendum the Local Council Elections in May 3 will be our only chance to show our opposition to Brexit in a major vote. Votes for Labour will be trumpeted as votes for #Brexit. So we have to vote for pro-EU parties, unless...#StopBrexit #FBPE /1 
Happy New Year! In 2018 I will keep fighting the Tories’ hard Brexit, and will keep on representing the very strongly pro-Remain views of the overwhelming majority of my constituents in Dulwich and West Norwood 
Good government has essentially broken down in the face of Brexit. Normal standards of conduct are not being observed. Independent advice is being dismissed because, remember, experts were supposedly part of the problem.  
Misha Glenny's #McMafia describes a world of globalised corruption & organised crime. A world in which some of the leading super-rich backers of #Trump and #Brexit are very much at home.  
This video by Gurminder K Bhambra is also very instructive. She argues the "left-behind" narrative of Brexit does not hold up. 52% of Leave voters came from SE England 13/n 
."It’s extraordinary that so little progress has been made eighteen months on since the referendum.".  
The positive side of Brexit now seems to come down to 'We managed OK before the EU, we will be OK again' I think people were hoping for more than that. 
You are an embarrassment. I voted remain, I lost, I support the democratic result, I don’t want to be associated with the ridiculous notion of a 2nd referendum - stop making people who voted remain look stupid & making UK Govs negotiating position weaker. 
I am proud of all the Brits who quietly (or not so quietly) turn their back on a poisonous xenophobic #Brexit and say "That is not what Britain stands for!" #proudtobeBritish 
All the veterans of WW1 are dead - but Brexit Britain cannot let go of 1914-18 so they're going to let people with an "emotional attachment" march past the cenotaph instead. Rendering Remembrance itself utterly meaningless.  
The new narrative around Brexit - that people only voted for it as a scream of rage against their sad lives - is even more patronising than the old one about Brexit voters being racist. It treats voters as kids acting up. In 2018 can we pls respect voters as rational individuals? 
Attitudes need to change as we go into 2018; Brexit is not a time bomb to be defused, but a great opportunity to be embraced... 
#2017Rewind This post Brexit map of the UK is both accurate and funny 
RIP "Remain" in 2018. The last rites won't be perfomed until March 2019. But clock will run out (legal practicalities) on pre-Brexit referendum by summer/Autumn18. Remain to become "Return", a project of LibDems & Greens, a vocal minority Labour faction & imaginary new parties. 
Will Cousins was an absolute joy to deal with. He was passionate, intelligent and resourceful. The anti-Brexit movement has lost a tremendous asset. My thoughts are with his family and friends. 
Getting closer..... : Countdown:  Brexit: 452 days, 13 hours, 5 minutes, 31 seconds 
It's New Year's Day, resolve to be at the March to Save the 8th on the 10th March in Dublin City Centre. It will be the last March before a referendum on the right to life of innocent children, show your support and be there! #savelives #savethe8th #savemarch 
We are at the stage with nasty @Theresa_may & her #Brexit negotiating muppets, we know what they are going to say BEFORE they say it & we know it’s all LIES@SkyNews @BBCNews @LBC #r4today #skypapers #bbcpapers @UKLabour @bbc5live 
Brexit isn't just flaky - it's insane nonsense. Those who want it can have no idea of the destruction it will cause. Imagine UK w/out NHS free at point of delivery. Imagine food shortages that are inevitable. There would be civil riots & many more deaths. People are dying already 
Some unorthodox 2018 predictions:The banks will worry more about Corbyn than BrexitTories will focus on millennials at the expense of key 30/40 yr-olds Labour will cheer local election wins in areas that are already LabourRemainers will continue to talk economics only 
You know, I never imagined I'd be waking up to 2018 under DUP government.But that's how desperate and insane Brexit has become. 
Ministers cannot list any country that asked UK for a post-Brexit trade deal  
My two 1) That democracy is recognised as an ongoing process by sore winners who are afraid of reality undermining their lies2. That the under-40s continue to mobilise in the war being waged on their country by the Brexit establishment eliteHappy New Year!   
But it’s not just one. The groundswell against Brexit is only just starting. The British people don’t much like fraud, populism and xenophobia.  
2018 is the year that Brexit gets real and the year for getting real about Brexit. Some New Year's Day reading in my latest blog post:  … 
Manifesto for 2018 - stop Brexit, reinvent Attlee, deal with the social crisis at home without scapegoating Europe & foreigners!  
First past the post. House of Lords. Monarchy. Minority government pushing a hard Brexit, with votes from an Irish party who didn't have to declare where their funding of Brexit came from. But, sure. The EU has the democratic deficit. 
Given how deluded, hopeless and unappealing those opposing Brexit are supposed to be, it is interesting how much  effort is going into slagging them off.  
DOMINIC LAWSON: Brexit's enemies are such a deluded, comical rabble  via  
This is what we hear at our regular street stalls in Devon .. a near unanimous rejection of Brexit. #finalsay 
Let’s have some HUGE anti Brexit protests across the country - and soon. Not on a Sunday when nobody notices, but midweek in city centres. @acgrayling @JolyonMaugham 
DOMINIC LAWSON: Brexit's enemies are such a deluded, comical rabble  via @MailOnline 
#Brexit Brexiters I know you have your reasons and were trying to be helpful. What has really happened is you were used to nudge some bottom lines-Thats all! You helped save billionaires' tax havens from EU regulation.  
New year, same old policy – Lib Dem's Vince Cable vows to REVERSE BREXIT in 2018 message. Same Old Duffer, with few supporters!  
The vote is cast.  The majority of Remain voters accept Brexit.  Those who don't carry on moaning.  Leave voters have nothing to moan about - except the 'shit' they receive from people like you.  
Happy New Year and Welcome to 2018! I have a feeling it's going to be anything but Strong and Stable. Election anyone? Second referendum on #brexit? Trump to be impeached? Lets see...  
THE FUTURE:Remainers should accept they cannot overturn democracy just because they do not like the result and accept that there won't be a second referendum. They should also resolve to stop the doom-mongering & the constant sneering at those who voted to leave the EU.  
#Brexit is a fraud on the British people. The deal being done is nothing like what was offered to Leavers in the referendum. I have yet to hear a single benefit to ordinary people. Article 50 may not have been properly triggered. Time to #StopBrexit. #FBPE #a50challenge 
Among the dead in the Sydney plane crash was Will Cousins, the head of press for the anti-Brexit pressure group Open Britain. He was just 25.  
Went to bed at 10pm last night and woke up a year later. What’s happening...is this down to Brexit again?(Oh, Happy New Year)  
It has to be a proper referendum. You won't sneak a republic in the same way you managed SSM. Piss off with your stupidity. Join the ALP pal it's where you belong.  
From @LiamFox: In this new year let's resolve to capitalise on the huge trade and investment opportunities of Brexit  
A postal plebiscite to decide whether to hold a referendum? Brilliant.Turnbull signals that he's out of ideas, can't control his party and  is quite willing to spend $90m a throw to keep everyone distracted. #DoYourJobs #auspol 
I like most of Jeremy Corbyn's policies.I fundamentally disagree with his stance on Brexit, even if his stance is "not to have a stance" or even "long game remain"I believe in #StopBrexit2018 I believe that #FBPE is a broad church and all who are #ProEU Remainers are welcome 
PM suggests a postal survey before he'll move on a Republic referendum.This is Turnbull being totally paralyzed by the right wing unless he has an opinion poll to wave at them.#auspol 
OK I’m going to mute this K pop performance. if someone wants to explain Brexit to me you have two minutes. 
These celebrities on @cnn’s New Year’s show don’t know what year it is, apparently. Julianne Moore said the worst part of 2011 was “the election of Donald Trump.” Sarah Silverman said “Brexit” was the worst thing. 
And, as we bid au revoir to 2017 and bienvenue to 2018, I give you this... there is NO chance of Brexit turning out well....unless it is stopped. #StopBrexit2018 #FBPE #WeAreTheOppositionNow @Andrew_Adonis @nickynoo007 @StopBrexit17 @BBCBreaking #Hello2018  
Some guy with a big following told me earlier Brexit unavoidable because UK wanted different things to EU27. Bullshit.Why? Because there is NO common EU27 position and with the rise of Euroscepticism among Eastern Europe and Austria, UK could have used its influence in the EU 
Christ Turnbull is ridiculous. Another 'postal survey' or 'plebiscite', this time on becoming a Republic. For the love of God man, that requires a damned Referendum because it would change the constitution. You should know that you lost the last referendum we had on this issue.  
If you’re looking forward to the moment when you can turn around and say ‘I told you so’, don’t! It’s already too late.New Years resolution: stop Brexit, stop Tories, stop Trump, get Farage off the BBC, write a book, do some gardening.#2018simple 
I know i'm high maintenance but I really appreciate YOUr support this past year and I hope 2018 is a kinder year to all of us (although with Brexit...I have my doubts). In any case - Lets continue to be the best we can be and represent a kinder, stronger humanity. xx 
Whatever happens Brexit or not the party political system is broken. Once this mess is over we need to take a good look at things such as the voting age, the whip system, PR, the quality of MPs and the HOL.  
I continue to be baffled by the UK government's HE policy. Universities should be at the forefront of post-Brexit Britain's adventure in the global knowledge economy. Instead it seems intent on waging a populist culture war on the sector designed to destabilise it. 
In 2018, Labour will show how the old political consensus is finished.By aiding #Brexit, we will keep the Tories in power so that they will carry on until 2022, get re-elected and guarantee #Labour will stay out of power, perhaps forever.#HappyNewYear 
And you don’t think Britain can negotiate visa free travel with Switzerland post Brexit?  It’s so funny how remoaners think think travel will automatically stop after Brexit, peddling their lies. 
Digby, nice way to start the year with an abusive and ignorant assault on those who don’t agree with you. Democracy didn’t stop 18 months ago and it looks as if it might kill Brexit, which would have a nice irony to it. 
Before the EU referendum, Britain was the fastest growing economy in the G7After the EU referendum, we became the slowest growing, Of the EU nations, even Greece has overtaken us.#DespiteBrexit-not. 
New year's thought: surprising how much one person (@andrew_adonis) has got people rattled. Perhaps Brexit's even flakier than it looks. HNY 
I don’t ask much of 2018. Trump impeachment, a soft-to-nonexistent Brexit, the re-establishment of a liberal democratic world order. And all the escalators at Holborn back in use. 
A contract based on fraud is null & void. Such is Brexit. #dysbrexia 
#Brexit has had one brilliant effect - it's mobilised a huge force of activists, campaigning for an open, generous, tolerant Britain. Our movement will be a force for good for years to come. Happy New Year people!#StopBrexit #FBPE 
New Year’s Resolution for any *brave* and *patriotic* leading Brexiteer.Admit you made a terrible mistake and help the country you love escape the disaster of Brexit in 2018.You will earn the gratitude of posterity. 
James, for heaven's sake! Really bad things make your heart break, like losing a baby, a loved one or seeing an animal suffer. Not Brexit. How would you cope every morning in The Blitz? Or the Flanders trenches? Understand that it was just a vote. Man up - like Bond, eh?  
Happy 2018, everyone. Dump Trump.Exit Brexit.  Love each other and speak from the heart. 
Tremendous that you have said this. it’s a mistake to sneer at centrists. Adonis’s stand on Brexit shows why | Matthew d’Ancona  
JUST TAKES ON PERSON GUYS Lets keep our humanity while Brexit tries to trash it.>>>>>>  someone to look up too>>>>  
#happynewyear, my first work of the New Year is to be acting down to cover a junior doctor rota gap- we used to be able to recruit EU doctors to one of the UK’s leading hospitals. No longer. Thanks Brexit, you are killing the NHS 
I’m extremely sick of this “I’m hip and young” act, it’s the new year you really need to clean your act and decide on Brexit and stop attempting to pander to everyone. You didn’t win the election so don’t pretend you did.  
2018 is going to be even more messy and complex in all things #Brexit than 2017 was.Whether that’s a good thing or not depends which side of the debate you’re on!    
Is it just me or is the @LibDems @theSNP & Greens best slogan for a post brexit GE is 'This is not just the Tory's fault - Labour helped it happen'. I hear so much about JC playing the long game - but what voters see is @Labour voting for a UKIP inspired Hard Brexit 
Tonight in Tehran:"Referendum, Referendum; This is People's Slogan."  This is first time referendum is used as slogan. The Islamic Republic itself received legitimacy two months after revolution through a referendum that asked if people wanted to change the regime. #IranProtests 
Whoever the anti-brexit candidate is, vote for them. Vote for the least brexity candidate. No tribalism, no sentimentality - we have to save the country now, save ourselves. 
Wishing everyone a brexit-free wonderful 2018! 
Am listening to Haydn op 76 2nd movement and feeling the Brexit stress slip away, HNY, 2018 is the year we see the back of May and Brexit.  
Jeez they went bananas with the fireworks in London...and it’s not as if they have much to celebrate #brexit 
We can also be the snowflake that triggers the avalanche that sweeps away brexit ... 
Happy New Year, and it just might be #Trump #brexit #Iran 
Happy 2018 everyone - may grace abound and Brexit founder  
Happy New Year Sir Keir.I respect you, I think you are a good and honest man, but you have to reverse on Brexit, the tide is turning 
Happy New Year 2018 from Britain #Brexit #Maga #IranProtests @DrDaveOrts @demitrios @YBcabbie @DarkTriadMan @MostafaMe4 @Hnurse07 @Stump4TrumpPAC @PushBackNow @TabithaStevens8 @CoyHamp @ciasmile @hannah_2591 @gcain63 @ConservVoice @sheriran95 @peymaneh123 
Next year’s fireworks on Brexit Island will be a box of sparklers. 
yelled fuck brexit instead of happy new year at the bells start 2018 how you mean to go on lads xox 
Happy new year, you wonderful Brits......Brexit or not......we'll stick together 
FUCK OFF BREXIT#brexshitbritain2018@theresa_may @DExEUgov @BorisJohnson @michaelgove @Conservatives @PeterBoneUK@Arron_banks @Nigel_Farage 
Happy New Year to everyone living in Paisley & Renfrewshire North and beyond! 2018 will be another busy year dealing with Brexit but I want to forget about that for the next day or so and wish you & yours all the best for the coming year! #HappyNewYear #HappyNewYear2018 
Made it to 2018! Hurrah for 2018! The year that Brexit ends!!!!! 
Happy new year to all those that follow the Gregorian calendar! If however you’re suspicious of such Catholic, European creations, then you can always wait until the Chinese New Year (Feb 16), the Jewish New Year (Sep11) or even the Brexit New Year (March 29)  
#happynewyear to all my friends and lovely #Conservative friends. Last years Person of The Year is #TheresaMay and is this years #winner, still!#Happy_New_Year #TeamTory #MadamBrexit #Brexit#ImWithMay #ByeBye2017 #HappyHogmanay #UnitedKingdom #Winner #No10 #DowningStreet #gif 
HAPPY NEW YEAR #Brexit @Nigel_Farage #UK 
Only a whimsical brexit means brexit! Anything else, such as a jagged brexit, would be a farce. 
Happy New Year to all! 2018 means that Brexit is almost here, are passports will soon be blue again, & Burnley FC could finish in the top half of the First Division! 
A very #Brexit New Year! 
Brexit is 10872 hours away. #brexit 
BREXIT there i am one of it if not the first person in the UK to utter that fucking annoying word in 2018. Happy New Year. My followers are ace. 
First they came for the ‘enemies of the people’ judges.Then they came for the ‘saboteur’ MPs.Then they came for the ‘sneering’ Lords.Next they will come for the rest of us on the Remain side. Goebbels’ spirit is alive and well in Brexit Britain.  
It's all unraveling for Ruth Davidson in this bumbling interview, which only helps to confirm that Tories have got nothing good to offer Scotland from #Brexit ... after their own leaked #Brexit analyses are very damning indeedTo be fair, Ruth never mentioned flags at all   
Despite what many people were led to believe, Parliament has never delegated the withdrawal decision to the people and has never made the withdrawal decision itself.Regardless of your view on #Brexit itself this current mess is unstable and illegitimate 
Definitely one of the top two or three demolitions I've seen today of the flaws in the disingenuously-leaked Brexit Impact Forecasts, by @ASI's @eamonnbutler. 
EU is refusing to budge on post-Brexit financial services  
... "Britain's economy will be worse off after Brexit whether it leaves the EU with a free trade deal, single market access, or with no deal at all." ...  
This is not a parody. Merkel tells of Theresa May's Brexit negotiating skills. "Make me an offer", she kept saying. As if she was trying to sell a Morris Marina. Jeez.  
Brexit leaks: Philip Hammond accused of orchestrating 'Project Fear Mark II' 
Leave ‘s liars misled 80% of their voters about the economic impact of Brexit. No wonder they are hiding the #BrexitReports #BrexitReality 
Things that #Newsnight thought were more newsworthy than leaked #Brexit impact report:Their own salaries A Saudi businessman An exhibition on shipsWood burning stoves  
Junior minister contradicting commitments made in the PM's Lancaster House speech on Brexit. Obvious sacking offence.  
.@Jacob_Rees_Mogg; ”These forecasts come from the same source as the rotten forecasts before the vote to leaveTheir forecasts have been comprehensively wrong.”“They can’t even get a 6 month forecast correct, let alone 15 yrs”#Brexit 
#JacobReesMogg - "This will be the first time since the Norman Conquest the #UK has accepted rules imposed by a #foreignpower without having any say over them. That's a really big constitutional issue." #Brexit  #BBC #SKY #LBC #EU #UK #TORY @Conservatives 
Demonstrates how insane the Brexit debate has become that we’re heartened merely by a minister suggesting we fit the policy to the facts, not vice versa. @DrPhillipLeeMP 
When things go tits up on Brexit, government press officers are under orders to put out crap like this   
I was worried about Brexit, but good news stories like this help me appreciate our bright new exporting future. 
2/2 however, 8 months after paying this £2000 to a Brexit supporting lobby group, Tim declared on his blog that his "status has now changed to regretfully not to Remain, definitely to Leave".  
A BBC Scotland complaint - Brexit story placement on Reporting ScotlandWe must use the BBC's own system if we are to expose its corruption. 
Science is the willingness to be proven wrong in the pursuit of truth, so here goes...Brexiters: Prove to me why I'm wrong. Why should I back #Brexit?No platitudes. I want evidence as to why Britain will be better off outside the EU. Please retweet. I want genuine replies. 
1/2: Here's one interesting example of how some Tory MPs may have been misleading to constituents about their Brexit intentions:Tim Loughton claimed £2000 under 'Staffing' on his expenses on 1st April 2015 for a payment to Brexit supporting ERG.  
Labour bids to force full publication of leaked Brexit impact paper  
Thats cos legally its not. Cameron made a promise in a leaflet he was not entitled to make. A Prime Minister cannot bind parliament to follow an advisory referendum. Parliament so far has chosen to do so but its up to MP's. 
Brexiteers just won’t believe anything that shows what a folly Brexit would be if it happened.  Steve Baker, Brexit Minister, has denied in Parliament the accuracy of his own civil servants’ impact assessments. Willful blindness.  
One last push today, let's get it to 108k by midnight! #StopBrexit #FBPE Have your say: Should there be a second EU referendum?  
Of course we need to see the Brexit analysis - If I went to my GP and he said the prognosis is not good, in fact it's awful but I'm not going to show you the full report because you'll get upset....I'd get upset 
Tory minister suggests Government should stop Brexit if it would be 'damaging' . At last some common sense. Brexit is deeply damaging.Wait for the Tories to attack and rubbish him. Stop Brexit.#FBPE 
Brexit minister says Whitehall economic forecasts always wrong  
Sigh.... what does he want out of Brexit - independence ? Sovereignty?  Tell him we're the first country ever to vote to become a colony. 
“Safe, legal & rare” stigmatises abortion seekers & implies that abortion is a bad/shameful procedure which must be avoided at all costs. You woke British liberals need to stop lauding Varadkar as your “woke pro-choice anti-Brexit bae” & start analysing what he says and does.  
We've received questions regarding misinformation a/b the 2018 Bond Referendum & believe it's important to share accurate information in order for district residents to make an informed decision on election day. Answers here:  
Ground rules:"Because of the result" is not a benefit of Brexit. I want evidence of Brexit benefits."Evidence" doesn't include YouTube videos or spurious, alt-right websites.Racism and xenophobia will be reported and blocked.Let's keep it civil. This is reason, not dogma. 
I asked a Brexiter this today which particular part of the leaked Brexit impact studies they disagreed with. Which specific area they felt was inaccurate & why?After 5 mins of mumbling about elites, establishment, civil servants, & Norway (bizarrely) he called me a wanker & left 
The time has come for the #HOUSEOFLORDS to be FINALLY #ABOLISHED & for #BRITAIN to have #DEMOCRACY! A NON-TITLED & #ELECTED #UPPERCHAMBER! #BREXIT @UKHouseofLords @LibDemLords @LabourLordsUK #Lords #Peers #BBC #SKY @LBC #LBC @Conservatives @UKLabour #Labour #Momentum #LabourParty 
Tory mp tells it like it is. May in a complete quandary with the Tories split and no agreed policy. We still have no idea what Brexit means. Time to #ExitFromBrexit 
Largely unseen by constituents MPs spend many hours in Bill Committees holding the Government to account. These last two weeks I have been involved in line-by-line scrutiny of proposed post-Brexit import taxes and excise duties in the Cross-Border Trade Bill Committee   
Sorry Anna, this will not bring the country together. #Brexit-ers will feel as betrayed as those who lose the EU rights.It is time for UK politicians to be courageous and honest with the electorate: #BrexitSolvesNothing.*Any* #Brexit will break Britain. 
Exactly.  Brexit is NOT in the national interest.We did not all become international trade & law experts for one day on 23/6/16.It’s about time both parties admit it was a all terrible mistake.Our politicians simply cannot lead us down a path that will damage the UK. 
Backlash mounts at Brexit minister's 'insulting' comments  
The logic here is completely flawed. The figures make hypothetical predictions for counterfactual scenarios 15 years in the future, so there's no way of anyone ever knowing if they're "anywhere near right", let alone before Brexit takes place.  
If only @theresa_may had the self confidence & down right determination to do same. Many of us voted Brexit as a bullish& stubborn 'sod off' to EU, May however is cap in hand to them. Come on Theresa,partake of some of that bullish spirit& join us, we dare you to gain our respect  
The time has come to ABOLISH this #CORRUPT DEN of #SCUM known as the #HOUSEOFLORDS costing #UK #Taxpayers £100 million a year! #BREXIT @UKHouseofLords @LibDemLords @LabourLordsUK #Lords #Peers #BBC #SKY @LBC #LBC #Tory @Conservatives #UKIP @UKLabour #Labour #Momentum #LabourParty 
Some people think Scottish nationalists are pro-brexit because it strengthens the case for independence. I'm anti-brexit because I think Scottish independence is arguable on its own merits and I don't want the rest of the UK languishing in isolation 
I didn’t vote for #Brexit thinking I was going to be better off. I voted to control our laws and our borders. Nothings changed. Move along. 
The 53 past and present Tory MPs who have claimed £331k of tax-payers money on their expenses to pay subs to The European Research Group, the hard Brexit lobby group.Would be a massive story if the MSM weren't too busy pushing Rees-Mogg to be PM...  
Ruth is merely trying to deflect attention from the Tory #BREXIT meltdown at Westminster .  That’s her role - to jump to with diversionary tactics when her bosses in London are in trouble.  
We’re teaming up with our #repealthe8th colleagues from around the world for #HomeToVote. We want as many eligible voters as possible to make the journey back to Ireland for the referendum. More details coming very soon. Stay tuned. #trustwomen #ldnirish4choice 
The point I have been making for 18 months is that the inevitable Brexit economic downturn will hurt my constituents and people like them across the country. This isn’t a theoretical debate for me - this is about real lives, real jobs and real families.  
UPDATE: Tomorrow (31st Jan), Labour will force a vote binding vote on whether the PM should release the (part-leaked) secret Brexit impact assessments in full. Starmer hopes to do this through an "archaic parliamentary process" which forces ministers to hand over govt papers. 
Old school friend on Facebook essentially trying to blame the Brexit impact assessment papers on "Remoaners" and "Project Fear." A very expensive education there - fucking wasted. 
The leak of the Brexit impact reports did well to make the third story slot on @BBCNews at ten. Most of the coverage was of Brexiteers dismissing them. So that’s alright then. 
You could replace "cancer" here with: education, the NHS at large, pensions, social care, transport, railways in particular, defence, pollution, executive pay, stagnating living standards, foreign policy, Brexit and prisons.  
Those asking “who keeps voting for Ann?” are the same people who say they can’t believe people voted Brexit!We live in a country where bigotry, homophobia, racism, sexism & hatred is rife. Many people share the same opinion(s) as #CBBAnn.We’ve come far but not that far.#CBB 
WM: We have received from our civil servants the Brexit consequence research. We do not like what it shows.Therefore we shall say it does not exist.No one will find out about it.This is not a plot for a novel. This is our government. 
Our member, Hannah Little, spoke to @Channel4News today about the upcoming referendum to Repeal the Eighth Amendment and allow Irish people to provide safe, legal abortion care and to #TrustWomen 
.Tories seeing the light?"Justice minister Phillip Lee said it was “time for evidence, not dogma, to show the way” over Brexit, & questioned whether a govt should take a country down a path that was demonstrably damaging.". 
"Accept the result and get over it!" they desperately hide behind, after a referendum that only happened because they spent forty years whinging about the result of the last one.Brexit is sinking. Time to abandon it before Britain drowns too.#StopBrexit#FBPE 
Robert Peston describes Steve Baker’s attack on the civil servants as “profoundly shocking” @itn re report produced to help ministers formulate a Brexit plan. If view is that civil service work can be dismissed because it doesn’t suit “I think we are in deep deep trouble” 
Tory minister breaks ranks to say Government should stop Brexit if evidence shows it would be 'damaging’ 
BREAKING: Labour is to force a binding vote on whether Theresa May should publish the Brexit impact papers"Once again Labour has been forced to use an archaic parliamentary process to make ministers do the right thing,” @Keir_Starmer RT and share 
Not only the founder, but Chief Executive of disaster-capitalist brexit "institute" Legatum has also bought himself European citizenship. While doing everything he can to deny you yours.  
Labour will force a binding vote 2moro (Weds 31) requiring the Govt publish its economic assessments of different Brexit end states.  @Keir_Starmer “The Govt should accept this motion & allow the country to have an informed debate about its relationship with Europe after Brexit”  
A government minister launched an attack on his own civil servants today, accusing them of producing a substandard analysis of the economic impact of Brexit  
.@libdemlords Lord Burnett says there’s an unseemly haste by the #ToryBrexitgovt to execute #Brexit before the public know the details 
#Labour #peer & #Brexit-hater, #LordDavies of Stamford is livid about the under-funding of the #NHS. Here is a picture of the #leftwing #classwarrior's palace. He recently claimed £20k of #taxpayer's money to fix the roof & claims £140k per annum in expenses! @UKLabour #BBC #SKY 
Some welcome comments here. Irresponsible of govt to lead the country to a position that is worse than it is today. No actual evidence suggests Brexit is good for the UK. Problems need to be worked on from within the EU. Time to be responsible and stop Brexit. 
Len McCluskey has called on Corbyn to remove the Conservative government “by rejecting the deal that comes back (from the EU) and forcing a general election”Only the @Conservatives can be trusted to deliver the democratic will of the people#TheCorbynCon #LabourLies #Brexit  
The extreme anti-Brexit and anti-Trump bias that is overwhelmingly present in British mainstream media has rendered it unable to cover current events in an objective way. This is now only about attempts to damage #Brexit and #Trump at any cost. This is the end of the road. 
After the referendum there was many Leave voters here on Twitter trying to convince us that Brexit will be fantastic for the British economy.They all have disappeared now. 
Tomorrow's front page: Whatever version of Brexit ... we lose. Sturgeon slams 'cover-up' after UK's OWN leaked reports reveal it's going to a disaster no matter the deal  
Nation Gearing Up For Level-Headed Abortion Referendum With No Dirty Tactics Or Scaremongering  
Former DexEU Minister’s Withering Takedown of May’s Brexit Dithering  
Superb opener"The longer Brexit goes on, the more it comes to resemble one of those weird Animal Channel documentaries about a guy who keeps a lion in his backyard but gets peculiarly angsty when you ask to count how many fingers his children have got". 
I’m feeling rather overwhelmed by all your messages (in a good way), and am turning in. While I’m asleep, could you all please campaign to restore Legal Aid, fund the NHS properly, and stop Brexit? Thank you. 
We'll rewrite Brexit studies until we get the right result, says MPDear God this Govt has to be ditched asap...is there no end to the duplicity...how rotten does a Govt have to get 2B deemed illigitimate..what do they see when they look in the mirror! 
How will @DExEUgov explain this Brexit conundrum away?  
Admirable honesty from a sitting Government Minister - an admission that ideology and dogma, not the national interest, have been driving government policy on #Brexit to date. An utter shambles underlining that a serious change in course is needed.  
With Trump, May & brexit... Surely we deserve @courtneyact to win #cbb and get Anne out tonight  I can’t quite believe I’ve voted! I’m desperate for some sort of justice in the world  
Ahead of the opening debates in the House of Lords on Brexit, Dick Newby hits out at the Government's shambolic handling of Brexit. Read more here:  
Extraordinary intervention into the Brexit impact papers row from a serving minister. "It’s time for evidence, not dogma, to show the way. We must act for our country’s best interests, not ideology & populism, or history will judge us harshly. Our country deserves no less."  
#Brexit is an extreme right wing coup backed by the most illiberal people here and abroad. It can’t be converted into a ‘jobs first Brexit’, join us @OwenJones84 @Keir_Starmer @hilarybennmp we need your backing to stop this calamity. 
IMPORTANT DETAIL: the Brexit Impact Analysis leaked today to BuzzFeed was compiled by @DExEUgov under favourable assumptions that we will soon enter into trade deals with US, China and India. This is not a likely scenario: #BrexitReality worse than this report suggests. 
Brexit doesn’t bear close inspection and the Government knows that   
Lord Adonis - I wish the PM well & I hope she can get the best agreement she can for the country... the right thing is then for there to be referendum on that agreement & I'd expect that referendum to take place early next year.#StopBrexit #FBPE @Andrew_Adonis 
Lord Tebbit:Out of 4,275 guests talking about EU on BBC Radio 4Only 132 or 3.2% supported UK Leaving EU“Frankly, BBC has become supporter of a foreign organisation called EU.Get your act in order because you do owe a duty of impartiality”#Brexit #EU 
The #government #coverup of the cost of #Brexit continues. Now we know that they HAVE actually done the studies they previously denied doing, they STILL won’t let us see them. They must be bad... 
I guess now the Brexit government's own economic impact assessments for the UK leaving the EU are more calamitous than Remain's projections there will be no more accusations of 'Project Fear'? 
Thatcher would be 'APPALLED' at May's Brexit strategy, fumes Farage   
You have nothing to apologise for.Even older Brexit voters have nothing to apologise for. They didn't know when they voted, that they were forcing the new generation into a future they don't want.They know now. So in my view, they have an ethical responsibility to stand with us 
Owen Paterson was by far the most impressive politician I met during the EU referendum. He put his heart and soul into the campaign and when he came to us a week before polling he was dead on his feet. Hope he makes a full recovery. 
Very important thread. Minister says re Brexit “there would be a serious question over whether a government could legitimately lead a country along a path that the evidence and rational consideration indicate would be damaging”.  
The next phase of Brexit has to be all about the evidence. We can’t just dismiss this and move on. If there is evidence to the contrary, we need to see and consider that too. . 1/3 
John Redwood: No evidence joining Single Market boosted UK growthThose who think leaving Single Market will slow growth need to explain why no boost to growth when we joined!ERM a crucial part of single market pushed UK into nasty recession#Brexit #EU 
Two thirds of @GMB viewers today said they did want him here. Twitter & its self-righteous hysteria is not the majority opinion, as we discovered with Trump’s election & Brexit.  
IDS thought he would be a good party leader... he wasn't.  IDS thought he could deliver Universal Credit... he couldn't. IDS thinks he has compassion... he doesn't. IDS thinks Hard Brexit is good economically... it isn't.  I think he's a cock... he is. 
Why Would Anyone Believe the Treasury’s Brexit Predictions Ever Again?  
“Ok team. The impact reports show we’ll be worse off in every single scenario after Brexit. What shall we focus on?”“Me no like flags. Flags bad. Let Gav Gav switch flags?”“Fucking nailed it again Gavin. Let’s do flag swaps then work out just how fucked we are as a nation.”  
So even with the #Brexit govt. throwing everyting into trying to make it look like things will be better when we leave the #EU, after all this time even their OWN DOCUMENTS say it's doomed. WE MUST MUST MUST #StopBrexit 
."The Brexit impact studies, the existence of which David Davis has repeatedly & knowingly lied about, have been leaked & it has become patently clear why the Govt never intended to share the findings with the public – they are humiliating.".#FinalSay 
.@mattwridley: The Treasury's forecasts before the referendum were a "clean sweep of failed predictions" and in the leaked reports today it has barely changed its models  
Mandelson nails it Former Labour cabinet minister Lord Mandelson says Britain's post-Brexit  future cannot be determined "on the outer reaches of the Conservative  party".   #FBPE 
Dear Leave voters,This government isn’t hiding it’s reports from remoaners like me - what’s the point? We already think Brexit is bad. They’re hiding the reports from YOU. They think YOU can’t understand the information and decide for yourselves. 
10 mths on from a rash, premature, totally unplanned #Article50 trigger, we still await clarity as to what #Brexit might mean? But HMG has now confirmed what we knew 19 mths back - Brexit remains totally unaffordable! We've spent a fortune to establish that simple & obvious fact! 
Firing banknotes out of cannons into Channel ‘cheaper than Brexit’, say experts 
Lord @mattwridley: If, in this gilded, crimson echo-chamber of Remain, we indulge in wrecking the Bill, we won't stop Brexit, but we might hurt Britain. The public reaction would be rightly severe.  
Poorer and more vulnerable! The state of the UK if any form of #Brexit goes ahead.Only rational route is an #ExitFromBrexit 
Brexit insanity. People are dying in hospital corridors due to shortages in recruitment & training of nurses & doctors, but Theresa May is spending £500m recruiting 5,000 customs officers for Brexit changes. WTFF  
Kate Hoey MP - “I wonder if the Minister thinks that perhaps the person who leaked #Brexit report within the Whitehall establishment would be better off moving and working in Brussels?"  
One of the very few HOL peers that I respect; Lord David Steel: "The Scottish Government has actually been rather badly treated throughout this whole [Brexit] process." 
For 5 decades, Britain has dominated Airbus wing production. At least 7 governments think they can steal the industry after Brexit  
If Brexit doesn't invent cold fusion or matter transportation soon we are all screwed.  
Leaked reports says UK will suffer after #Brexit. More from @ReutersTV  
50 MPs have now signed the cross-party letter demanding the publication of #Brexit analysis  
BREXIT REFERENDUM LATEST: Lord Lamont just said, in Sky TV debate with me, that there could be another EU referendum in 5 years time. Another senior Tory accepting a new EU vote now inevitable! Let's have it early next year before we leave and save the agony of rejoining! 
Championing something which will economically destroy our country for decades.. This is what's 'Profoundly Unpatriotic'!!! #Brexit #Toxic 
Never before has Parliament been so out of touch with the public. Brits voted for Brexit & the establishment hate us for it & have worked to destroy the vote since 2016. It is clear unless we get a new PM we will not get a proper Brexit.  
If our democracy is based, in any way, on the notion that we have the right to decide our own futures, then pursuing brexit, knowing it would take decades to complete, is mathematically undemocratic.  
Going have to start calling @Jacob_Rees_Mogg 'Ground Mogg Day' as it's the same desperate drivel every single day: "Lancaster House Speech this, Tory Party Manifesto that"Hard Brexit was rejected, Mr Mogg, when the Tories LOST their majority. It's over. YOU are over#C4News 
And another from the nightmare archive which links Trump’s Russian bots directly to Brexit...  
“Asked why the PM was not making the analysis public, a source at @DExEUgov told BuzzFeed News: ‘Because it’s embarrassing’. The same can be said of the government’s handling of Brexit policy overall.”  
Lords SAVAGED for second vote calls when they 'in truth want to reverse referendum result'  
#Brexit or #OurNHS you can't have both...Placards for the #NHS march on Saturday#StopBrexit#StopBrexitSaveBritain#StopBrexitSaveOurNHS 
Just in case you hadn't had enough Project Fear for one day, here's Lord Bilimoria comparing Brexit to the First World War as Lords cheer on approvingly  
Lord Pearson - "I end my point with how dishonest is the position of those who now want parliament to have a say in #Brexit’s outcome but who in truth want to reverse the referendum’s result?"  
Brexit & @UKLabour: What is the socialist thing to do? Read @yanisvaroufakis powerful speech to Labour MPs:  
Nigel Evans MP - "All the things the Treasury said in May 2016, this report now says today. I didn’t believe what they were saying then and I don’t believe what they are saying now." #Brexit  
We had a national referendum on the issue of white supremacist patriarchy in 2016 and these were the results. If this were any president before Trump (the white man elected to undo the black presidency) he would've already been impeached for issues not even related to Russia 9/  
Tory donors pile pressure on Theresa MayShe must get Tough or appoint Jacob Rees-Mogg to handle Brexit!  
‘So Baker went on attack. All the analyses just rubbish because hadn’t modelled for govt’s preferred fantasy Brexit that was definitely on offer even tho EU definitely said it wasn’t. And anyone who said otherwise was just trying to block Brexit. So there’  
The @OfficialSYP Brexit Manifesto sets out five priorities for young people:1. Workplace rights2. Participation3. Equalities & rights4. Right to remain5. Right to healthMSYPs are presenting the Manifesto to the Cross Party Group on Brexit this evening.  
It’s laughable for Brexiters to call us Remainers ‘anti-British’.With growth down, prices up, every sensible economic forecast showing that we’ll be poorer, and our reputation on the world stage already diminishing, what on Earth is ‘pro-British’ about Brexit? pic.twitter.com/l6jbP8OYaq 
We’re heading for a Spice Girls Brexit. EU: "Tell us what you want, what you really, really want" Theresa May: "We really, really really want a zig-a-zig, ah". 
#FinalSayForAll #FSFA #WATONThe Governments Brexit Assessmentleaked Papers have been on the news, all around Europe. The laughter is deafening.  
Typical brextremist reaction...Davis' anger isn't that we're all going to be worse off, it's that someone had the decency to tell us. Wake up man, the issue isn't whether we find the leaker...the issue is whether we stop the car crash that is Brexit. #FBPE 
Jacob Rees-Mogg - "This will be the first time since the Norman Conquest the UK has accepted rules imposed by a foreign power without having any say over them. That's a really big constitutional issue." #Brexit  
Treasury and Cabinet Office Mandarins Behind Brexit Doom Document  
The Government’s latest line is that it doesn’t need to listen to businesses as Brexit is for enterprises that don’t currently exist. By extension this suggests 16 and 17 year olds being allowed to vote in a 2nd Referendum. 
I need to do other things now so I’m signing off from #HoL. Suffice to say that it seems to me that a significant majority of lords clearly hate Brexit & all it represents. Gives one much hope. So much decency on show. Refreshing to hear speeches largely devoid of MPs’ tribalism 
The 2016 referendum showed, clearly, that people do not only care about economics. Yet Remainers double downAgree with much of this. Narrow rational choice won't change minds on a question that is about values.. 
.@Theresa_May ‘s approach to #Brexit negotiations is a complete mess. It is designed to please her party’s right wing rather than delivering what is best for the country.   She is creating mass uncertainty for people and businesses and must now change course! 
So @theresa_may says that the damning brexit reports aren't accurate because they don't contain the impact of her bespoke deal?? Oh well, that's alright then! I wonder part of 'no special deal' she doesn't understand. Give it up Theresa. Stop treating everyone like they're stupid 
Baroness Royall: ‘UK must remain permanent members of Single Market and Customs Union. Our poorest regions must continue to be properly funded. Research base of UK is being undermined by Brexit. UK contributed £5bn for research and received £8bn FROM the EU. Vital this continues’ 
So, the Brexit bunch are saying impact assessments are not precise and that there is enough uncertainty to explain the negative outlook: i.e the uncertainty is greater than the magnitude - so things could, logically, be twice that bad. 
"A hundred years ago it was the people's budget, today it is the people's Brexit."Tory peer and writer Lord Michael Dobbs says the Lords shouldn't "sabotage" the government's EU withdrawal bill.  
BREXIT: I think a nerve has been hit.  
"A referendum on a new question about the future relationship may become unavoidable."Former Labour cabinet minister Lord Mandelson says Britain's post-Brexit future cannot be determined "on the outer reaches of the Conservative party".  
#Brexit Minister disowns the analysis from his department  that until yesterday was going to be the secret basis for final #Brexit decision by the Givernment of which he is a member.  Not even farce gets this farcical …  
Lord Patten asks, if we're in the driving seat on Brexit negotiations, "is it a bandwagon or a hearse?" 
Left wing arguments for #Brexit have been standing unopposed for too long. The arguments are finally being debunked. @alison_mcgovern @heidi_mp 
TO MY US FRIENDS - Dont support this hypocrite.VIRGIN HYPOCRISY: Richard Branson’s airline cashes in on "Bright Side of Brexit" in new U.S. adverts  via @Politicalite 
Sajid Javid, Andrea Leadsom, Penny Mordaunt & David Gauke have used taxpayers’ cash to fund the hard-#Brexit European Research Group, led by @Jacob_Rees_Mogg, who has been accused of trying to undermine Theresa May & oust her Chancellor, Philip Hammond. 
Great event tonight @kpmguk talking all things #Brexit #KPMGBrexitDebate #FemaleLeaders 
The full, heated Brexit row that finished with @IainDale branding this Remainer an “economic illiterate”  
Ex Brexit Minister Lord Bridges tears into Mrs May’s ‘meaningless waffle’ and a transition stage which is ‘a gangplank to thin air’  
The German Ambassador to the UK says of Brexit:“Populism provides easy answers to complex problems,”  If you say: ‘Let us build a wall to stop these immigrants,’ people say: ‘OK.’ It is not a good answer to problems – Germany has not had a good experience with building walls.” 
The Brexit threat to peace and rights in Northern Ireland – UK in a changing Europe  
Tories have NO intention of forcing a Leadership election, the #Brexit project is too fragile & fraught with divisionIt's a THREAT by hard core #Brexiteers to KEEP a weak PM in line -in some cases using *neglect* of domestic policy as a cover.#JustMyOpinion 
DexEU minister Steve Baker says of civil service forecasts “I think they are always wrong.” Hardly encouraging to the civil servants who have been asked by the same ministers to try and forecast the likely impact of Brexit on our industries. We'd all like to see their work. 
Dow Dumps 400 Points - Biggest Drop Since Brexit, VIX Tops 15  
Corbyn is not negotiating Brexit for us, that would be Theresa May and the CONservatives.So, you can’t blame him for what’s going on. 
 In an act of self-parody, Davidson will be giving a lecture on the opportunities of Brexit the day after it was revealed that the UK government's own analysis indicates the UK will be worse off in every Brexit scenario.  
Will the Labour Party then oppose Brexit when the damage becomes obvious. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
This is comedy gold. A speech about Scotland’s (1%) poor growth, the day after her party’s leaked Brexit document shows growth UK wide will drop by 5% post-Brexit. You actually couldn’t make this up   
It is revealing that @ScotTories and sections of the right wing mainstream media got more excited about an 8 year old flag story than their own parties very public deception over the true cost of Brexit for the people of the UK. 
The emergence of a Brexit betrayal narrative was inevitable. The ground has been prepared for it over the last year.Most voters will shrug and move on. But dangerous fringe networks could see this as a signal to take action. Radicalisation is often abetted by elite rhetoric  
The people spoke on June 23 2016.They didn't vote for a transition period.They voted to leave  EU. An end to freedom of movement of people, leaving Customs Union, Single Market and jurisdiction of the ECJ.Take back control of our Borders Laws and money#LBCLIVE #Brexit 
Lord Lawson says the leaking of a Brexit forecast was a “profoundly unpatriotic act” and whoever leaked it should be sacked - @IainDale  
I am absolutely sick and tired of bullying brexit politicians talking as though we lived in a fascist dictatorship. No, civil servants do not need to be decapitated. Not for doing their jobs, not for sharing a brexit analysis, not for any reason at all, ever.  
NEWS! Talking down Brexit Britain is OK if you’re being paid by Fox News to talk about Muslims, insists Nigel Farage  
I know Brexit has taken a toll on your economy but that's not how this works  
Already the £350 million to the NHS promised by Boris has fallen to £100 million, exposing the lies that the Leave campaign was built upon.  In reality, there will be nothing more for the NHS as Brexit is shrinking our economy by upto £350 million a week  
It's my job to monitor important debates like this one in the Lords, but if I have to listen to another whinging Lib Dem Peer, I'm going to scream. Baroness Miller of Chilthorne Domer (me neither) has basically said the environment will go to hell in a handcart because of Brexit. 
Number 10 wouldn't say whether it was Cabinet Office or Dexeu who initiated the latest Armageddon-style Brexit impact reports. Turns out Treasury was the central driver...  
Is anyone surprised Lord Mandelson doesn't respect the referendum result?He: Swore an oath of loyalty to the EU Is set to receive a £35,000 a year pension from Brussels Encouraged the EU to ignore the UK's interests   Offered secret help to Michel Barnier  
It's not easy to picture Michael Gove's fabled "Green #Brexit" at the moment  
The CBI has admitted defeat – and the economic case against Brexit is collapsing.  
Whoever leaked it is more of a patriot than any of the Brexit-Fundamentalists.You've literally just been told that Brexit will destroy the economy.  If you ignore that, frankly you're thick as fuck.  
Jacob’s got the Mogg-mentum to help PM drag us out of the EU if only she would make him our Brexit negotiator, it’s apparent May needs strong Brexiters around her so ‘cometh the hour cometh the man’ he’d be more than a match for Barnier. 
'They wanted us in the euro too!' Peter Bone SLAMS Brexit business critics on pro-EU past  
No apology for the switch to marking the passing of Henry Brooke from my usual Brexit law and policy drivel.Such a huge loss for legal blogging and tweeting, and for access to justice and legal aid policy. 
However Brexit Ministers dress it up and dance around with pathetic excuses, Parliament ordered the release of this information.It is shambolic to keep secrets on the adverse impacts to our futures, to our childrens futures and to the country at large. 
Message for Theresa May: This is how to handle Brexit.Watch this and weep !  
Economic forecasting is often wrong because people like Mark Carney work to lessen the impact of the bad ones in advance, like he did the day after the referendum, thus deflecting the worse of them. That’s what forecasts are for, to react to. It’s a bloody good job he did #FBPE 
Please can all interested Remainers RT and tweet @BBCPM to make sure they get any Leave guests to quantify, in £, if they think studies are wrong? @BrexitBin @nickreeves9876 @JoRichardsKent Theresa May told 'publish bombshell Brexit studies now'  
Steve Baker today rips to shreds the Economic Forecasters who sell their Project Fear this time focusing on The Bank Of England #Brexit  
Lady Mone was a wee gift to Scotland from David Cameron after we voted no; his other gifts were EVEL & Brexit #Bettertogether 
Former chancellor Lord Nigel Lawson calls the leaking of the Brexit forecast a "profoundly unpatriotic act" and tells @IainDale whoever leaked it should be sacked @LBC 
Former Cabinet Secretary Lord Robin Wilson says history will be written by the young, and as passionate #Remainers they will be harsh on those who argue for #Brexit & make a mess of it 
Just out of a meeting on #Repealthe8th referendum with Minister @SimonHarrisTD. Looks likely we’ll have an opportunity to vote on this issue by May. Good news for students and young people. @TheUSI 
A former top Whitehall civil servant has said landmark Brexit legislation "strikes a dagger" to his soul  
Regrettably @BBCNews is now pitiful. Its output is a disgrace, coming from a state-funded broadcaster with a duty of impartiality. Its bias is visible in every part of its #Brexit coverage and in so many other areas too. Over the years its output has become simply unwatchable.  
Gibraltar chief minister claims Brexit veto and demands a second referendum  
Lord Adonis will be in Cambridge to speak with @CULC @CambridgeLabour on need for radically reforming government that keeps UK in the #EU and ends social problems that contributed to #Brexit  Talk starts at 5pm, all welcome. #StopBrexit #FBPE #PCPEU 
When Tory MPs say it’s not in the ‘national interest’ to release the Brexit impact assessment, they mean it's not in their interests  
Rees-Mogg has cited economist Patrick Minford. As the following article demonstrates, his analysis of post-Brexit trade is economic claptrap:#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit #WATON 
Did you expect civil servants to embrace Brexit & say yippee we were wrong about the original analysis before the referendum.  
These Brextremists accused Remain of elitism for challenging the 'wisdom of the people' over Brexit.Now same Brextremists think the 'wisdom of the people' couldn't cope with government studies showing they'll be worse of whatever Brexit we get.Now who's being elitist? #FBPE 
We are not yet halfway through the day in the Lords, but George Bridges truth bullets on Brexit dither will take some beating...  
What’s excruciating is that both the Government and opposition have committed themselves to making the country suffer economically on the basis of a flawed referendum, when the actual job they had was to simply say no and represent the wider public interest over general sentiment 
I signed this letter. The public deserve to know what the Govt already knows about the impact of different types of Brexit  
In a trade deal with the UK the US will be looking for its private sector to have a bite of NHS contracts. That’s what they wanted when negotiating TTIP and that’s what they’ll want after Brexit #GSPBrexitBriefing #CMSBrexitNext pic.twitter.com/bkFsDhPEML 
So you’re reversing Brexit?  
No respect from Europe's politicians. No respect from her own party. Theresa May must go.It’s time for a real leader and a party with fresh ideas and the courage to negotiate Brexit. That party is the Labour Party. 
Lord Bilimoria: Brexit is a train crash in slow motion .. before referendum we were flying, now we are at bottom of growth tables .. we can change our minds as David Davis says .. let’s call it referendum part2 & give ppl a chance to change their mind once they’ve seen the facts’ 
Britain is now a third party as far as the EU is concerned. #Brexit Britain  is throwing away massive power and influence. #Brexit is a massive self-inflicted defeat driven by the greed of a Tory elite who care nothing for the people of Britain. 
...meanwhile, over at the @Telegraph, the Brexit flat pack.  
Brexit fantasy politics  
WATCH: Here's what Lord Steel said to peers in the House of Lords. #Brexit #Peers #EUWithdrawalBill #Clause11 
With no parliamentary majority, Government faces a simple choice: either publish their Brexit economic analysis now on their own terms; or lose the inevitable parliamentary motion in the coming days and publish after defeat/climdown. Let’s see how they choose to publish it.  
Leaked UK govt Brexit analysis says UK will be worse off in every scenario, adversely hitting almost every sector and every UK regionAsked why the prime minister was not making the analysis public, a govt source says: "Because it's embarrassing” 
Must-read from former Dexeu minister George Bridges on Number 10's Brexit dithering:  
WATCH: Former Brexit Minister's Withering Takedown of May's Brexit Dithering  
'The battle for #Brexit has reminded the world that the one force with the power to shake up the system and change things against all odds remains the demos – the people.'Down with the confederacy of dunce-like demophobes! says @mickhume. 
Ministers cannot name a single country that asked UK for a post-Brexit trade deal  
What a strange question. It’s the business of the Irish what they do or don’t decide! A bit like Brexit for the British, Mr Varadkar  
My latest for The Guardian - At last, an abortion referendum. Women’s protest has won over Irish politicians  
E. Standard says Ehitehall papers on Brexit reveal sorry truth. Paper edited by GeorgeOsborne of Project Fear, best fiction prize 2016 
Here are some facts to help you. 80% of leavers expected the economy to improve after #brexit: this is from a BBC poll immediately after the vote. So much for their eyes being open.  
This is still, I think, the most toxic Brexit thing. Keep sharing it.  
Former Liberal Democrat leader warns Jacob Rees-Mogg over Brexit threats  
"The most comprehensive demolition of 'Lexit' ever produced...a well-timed intervention." Former Europe minister @DenisMacShane reviews our new paper on why there is no progressive case for a hard Brexit, for @InFactsOrg. 
No10 spokesman refuses to back Steve Baker’s claim that the Brexit analysis papers were released to “undermine” the Government. Awkward ... 
Downing Street is now point blank refusing to say who commissioned the leaked Brexit report.  
Brexit  
Brexit is a cross-party issue.Thank you to all 47 MPs. Hopefully more will join.#StopBrexit 
Leaked reports says UK will suffer after #Brexit. More from @ReutersTV  
Tory MP Nigel Evans making the grossly misleading point that 80% voted for #Brexit parties. Many were forced to do so as the only way of stopping May getting her big majority. And if he believes that why does he fear a #FinalSay referendum! #stopbrexit #FBPE #Brexit 
Mark Carney @bankofengland says business investment is 4% below where it would have been without referendum decision. Global growth high, monetary conditions easy, balance sheets strong 
Sooner or later it was inevitable that a whistleblower would come forwards and leak the Brexit Impact Assessments. We may never know their name, but that person is a true patriot, willing to risk themselves for the nation.#fbpe 
MPs of all parties are demanding the publication of Brexit analysis:“It is utterly unacceptable for our constituents to have to rely on leaks and newspaper reports to develop an understanding of how Brexit will affect them and their children’s futures."  
Tory MP Antoinette Sandbach: "Quite frankly, minister, I take exception to being told that it's not in the national interest for me to see the report that allows me to best represent my constituents." #Brexit. Tories now at war with each other. Lovely. 
Great conversation with @OwenJones84  - Brexit, railways, politics, the future.  
Tories are turning their own civil war into an attack on the Civil Service. Brexiteers seek to rubbish leaked impact study which concludes #Brexit scenarios range from dire to extremely dire.#BrexitReality #StopBrexit. 
Double whammy: this is the seedbed of our world-class Creative Industries, worth £94b to our country (for context the cost of the NHS in 2016 was £115b) being downgraded in schools, meanwhile the Brexit insanity is about to choke off Freedom of Movement which is also vital to CI.  
Currently in the Lords, “Blade Runner; Brexit Edition”.  
Today, I have been puzzling over this poster advertising a march in support of Brexit and Britain. Initially, it raised a smile because of its 'No EU flags' instruction. But then I started to wonder where it actually came from.THREAD 
The thing is Michelle Mone will be able to vote on crucial amendments to the brexit bill in the House of Lords while MPs won't, because UK Gov did not get the amendments done on time. 
Lords Krebs quotes his German Jewish aunt who - against all the odds - survived the war while staying in Germany: she thinks #Brexit is ‘mad’ in deconstructing the post-war arrangements designed to ensure ‘never again’. 
Is it time to stop Brexit and hold a second referendum? My video interview with @Andrew_Adonis has just gone live >> 
Keir Starmer utterly destroys the Tories on the Brexit studies debacle. Seriously, is there anyone left in this country who thinks the Tories know what they're doing? #brexitshambles 
Lady Mone of course is part of the team tasked with handling this WM brexit power grab thing, as opposed to our elected politicians. So that's nice and not an affront to democracy at all. 
47 cross-party MPs have signed our @eurelationsappg letter to David Davis urging him to publish the findings of the analysis it has carried out of the impact of different Brexit outcomes for the UK economy.  
Cameron said he'd trigger A50 day after ref. It took 9 months. Could be close to 6 years before we get anything resembling Brexit. By then, we'll have missed trade opportunities and could have a Labour Gov't kicking Brexit further down the road. 
The leaked Brexit forecast makes great headlines, but it won't change minds - voters are deeply and rightly sceptical of such documents  
Lord Steel of Aikwood tells peers "I believe the Scottish Government has been treated badly throughout this whole process". #Brexit #EUWithdrawalBill 
Best Lords speech yet: a withering attack from ex-DexEU minister Lord Bridges on Cabinet's Brexit dithering: "We cannot indulge in that very British habit of just muddling through. The Prime Minister must make choices. Keeping every option open is no longer an option". 
Keir Starmer: "Here we go again Brexit Impact assessments - Take 2!""Parliament is entitled to know the likely impact of the Govt's approach to Brexit.""Will the secretary of state publish them now?"@Keir_Starmer #bbcqt #pmqs 
 @DavidMundellDCT on Brexit: "anybody can make end-of-the-world type predictions..."  
Lord Bridges (Tory ex DExEU minister) really laid into the govt: ‘must be honest with themselves and with the public about the choices we face’ re #Brexit. He fears end of year outline deal will be ‘meaningless waffle’ & ‘a gangplank into thin air’. #FinalSay #ExitFromBrexit 
"As evidence of the detrimental impact of Brexit piles up it becomes easier to make the case that the Scotland Government must take the necessary steps to avert disaster." | On your marks!  #Referendum2018 
This Minister Reckons Publishing The Leaked Brexit Analysis Wouldn’t Be In The National Interest  
Has Corbyn recanted his daft Single Market views and followed SNP? ...given its now a good 15hrs since UK has caught up with Scotland in knowing all options of leaving the EU costly. #brexit #BrexitShambles 
Former Brexit minister Lord Bridges says the Brexit years "are like dog years - each one feels like seven" 
Of course the Mogg is loyal to his Party, I would expect  nothing less, doesn’t mean he agrees with everything PM says & does, fortunately he’s equally supportive of the peoples Brexit vote & works tirelessly towards delivering it. 
The PM met Prime Minister @ratasjuri today. They spoke about the UK and Estonia's shared interests, including defence, the digital economy and Brexit.  
 Sign our petition today and join us in demanding the UK government publishes the secret #Brexit analysis.  
Oooooh, @JeremyCorbyn. With today's news, you CANNOT stand behind a "jobs first Brexit" because every Brexit is bad for every sector of the economy.Get behind #remainforthemany! @UKLabour 
I feel it needs to be pointed out AGAIN, but #Brexit would NOT be happening if Scotland voted for independence in 2014. And Scotland & rUK would still be in the EU. (And yes I am still mad we blew it) 
BFE: Please help us share this news story with a zeal as yet untapped! It's the BIGGEST of 2018 thus far and a REAL nail in Brexit's coffin. Go for it!   #FBPE RT, Repost and Comment! @16MillionRising @BestForBritain @Scientists4EU 
Dear Jeremy Corbyn, It's safe now, you can come out of your shed and support a 2nd referendum. The Tories did a report that said Brexit is not going to be good.Many ThanksThe Majority of the Country 
So why would any of their predictions about Brexit be miraculously correct? Oh *this* one (by your friends at the Legatum) is fine. That one (by your own government) not so good. Sorry. It’s not a pick n mix.  
Prep for #BrexitIf you own your home you'll be okay as the price of a house is relative.If you've retired on an old school pension, it'll be indexed linked 6 to 8%.If you've global investments you'll benefit from 3.6% growth.If not you're probably young & screwed.#FBPE 
The leaked gov’t Brexit report proves only one thing: that the Treasury & Civil Service are still locked into the mind-set that gave us Project Fear. Exaggerate the negative, ignore the positive. It’s the Eeyore principle in action. 
Time for government to come clean on the impact of #Brexit on the UK #regions , say @UKlabour MEPs(via @EuroLabour): 
Brexit minister Steve Baker reckons publishing the leaked Brexit analysis wouldn't be in the national interest. These MPs disagree.  
Ruth Davidson delivering a lecture tonight on 'Scotland After Brexit' - I'm gutted that I already committed to cleaning my entire bathroom with an old toothbrush, and won't be able to manage along  
WATCH: @SDoughtyMP slams the Gov for its reckless Brexit course that it is taking the country down - it's time for the Gov to put Single Market membership back on the table. Please RT:  
Leo Varadkar commends the agitators who called for reform of abortion law going back 20 or 30 years "who's day this really is." Appeals on those who are against reform to at least allow the referendum bill to pass so that people can have a say. 
Getting bit fed up of watching and listening to @KateHoeyMP being abused by members of her own party when supporting Brexit.Look at the loathsome toad behind her rolling his eyes at him showing a complete lack of respect,If Labour aren't bigoted. They need to start showing it!  
Do your teeth grate every time you hear someone you thought was a Remainer say *Soft Brexit*? Mine do. We know it's just inferior Remain, but if they insist including the word *Brexit* is a compromise for mythical Leavers, let's give it a more honest name: *Vassal State Brexit*. 
We demand the release of the Brexit impact studies @theresa_may !The public deserve to know the harm Brexit will do.Retweet if you agree.#FBPB #Brexit  
Rees-Mogg, Jenkins, IDS et al have all given lacklustre interviews on the leaked Govt Brexit economic reports. All they do is rubbish the mounting evidence against them, while failing to provide any of their own.Brexit is cracking.#FBPE #WATON 
PLOT: Trade Union chief wants to see Labour MPs reject Brexit deal in order to bring down government and force another public vote.Brexiteers, are you ready?   
• Record aircraft deliveries worth up to £29bn• Lotus creating 300 new jobs• Jaguar Land Rover to build new Range Rover model in Coventry• Sales for sports car maker Caterham hit 21-year highBut ignore all that and focus on the latest dodgy #Brexit predictions, everyone.  
Cabinet office: Brexit is punching ourselves hard in the face.Government spokesman: This account ignores the fact that we will be wearing bespoke gloves. 
The Brexit reports...1. They must be published immediately2. Isn't the government in contempt for not publishing them before?3. Whoever leaked them deserves great credit 
The Nats. Doing a detailed economic assessment of the impact of Brexit, under various scenarios, then releasing it. Pathetic. They should do a detailed economic assessment of the impact of Brexit, under various scenarios, then suppress it like a normal Government.  
BREXIT: Tory minister announces every forecast his own government has ever done is wrong / #Brexit #Toxic 
Crucial #EP Hearing on what has been achieved on #CitizensRights in Brexit negotiations, but what key issues are outstanding and urgently need to be addressed @The3Million @NewEuropeans @BritishInEurope @guyverhofstadt @SophieintVeld @RCorbettMEP @catherinemep @GreenJeanMEP 
My British friends often ask me how the French (I live in France) view #Brexit.I tell them the French rarely talk about #Brexit, and when they do they laugh out loud, especially at the antics of May/Johnson etc. I often get a look of disbelief, but why?  
Looking forward to delivering tonight's David Hume Institute lecture on 'Scotland After Brexit' at the Royal Society of Edinburgh. @DHImusings  
Whilst reading this tweet on the tube, periscope added to the joke that is brexit.  
I am listening to Shelagh Fogarty on LBC,and she is beind inundated with calls about we won't leave Europe. All these Leftys of Labour are brain dead, these people have no respect for the referendum result, if you ask me they are demented or just lack knowledge of Democracy. 
Merkel ‘Mocked’ PM May’s Brexit Negotiations at Secret Davos Briefing   
To RECAPIn December - the question WAS - do such *impact assessments exist*Brexit Committee FINALLY received 800 pages of sectorial analysis.(printed off Wikipedia ?)Ministers DENIED the existence of any I.A. re various different outcomes.Last night Buzzfeed LEAKED them. 
The economic case against Brexit is now unarguable  
.@patmcfaddenmp is spot on - Ministers are embarrassed by the contents of their Brexit impact reports. It's the only reason why they won't release them. Please RT so everybody knows:  
RT if you think these croissants are more likely to agree on a #Brexit position than members of Theresa May’s Cabinet #NationalCroissantDay 
The least damaging option is to stay in the EU. No point respecting a vote built on lies and hate propaganda, and a constitutional process marred by lies about the referendum being mandatory and Article 50 being irreversible. Fight the perversion of our democracy. #StopBrexit! 
Labour will force Government to publish secret Brexit reports  
Or maybe, it was an attempt to avert our country from the ensuing economic catastrophe that #Brexit is about to deliver @SteveBakerHW 
Lord @dobbs_michael warns his fellow Lords who have made "sad and unwise" comments about sabotaging Brexit that "they won't sabotage Brexit but they might very well sabotage the credibility of this House."  
Getting the English to vote remain in another referendum would be easy. Getting Europe to forgive and forget the runaround they've been given is unlikely, getting the Scottish to continue to accept being run by Westminster is going to be impossible. 
The Irish government has, & a few too - for example from the Finance Dept on "Getting Ireland Brexit Ready" in Oct *2016*: another modelling macroeconomic impact in Nov *2016*: and on exposure of different economic sectors in March 2017. Those & more here:  
I’ve... Seen industries you people wouldn’t believe. Trade missions on fire off the trade fair of Oman. I watched innovative jams set in the kitchen off Lancaster Gate. All those... MoUs will be lost in FTAs like... Trade in WTO.Time to Brexit. 
A pitiful report on the leaked government Brexit options appraisal.BBC don't say what's IN the paper. Instead: paragraphs of vague propaganda from crackpot brexit politicians. I'd like to make up my own mind, BBC. Why not report the facts? Then I can. 
Scariest Brexit thing: The government’s ridiculous secrecy around Brexit isn’t to mask some hidden masterplan: it’s the only way to bury both the total lack of planning, and lack of unity, on dozens of these topics. 
Lord Pearson of Rannoch hits out at the "dishonesty" of those who claim they want Parliament to have a say in Brexit but who "in truth want to reverse the referendum's result"  
Does anyone else find it strange that the SNP could knock up a Brexit Impact assessment in a couple of months but they can't produce an indy impact assessment after 80 years of planning? 
Ok this is getting a bit weird, the government conducts economic forecasts about Brexit and Steve Baker is now telling parliament that they are worthless except the bits that he likes 
Someone please explain to me why @UKLabour still supports #Brexit when every economic forecast of every conceivable Brexit deal makes Britain worse off? Which means less money for essential public services @jeremycorbyn @Keir_Starmer 
At last, an abortion referendum. Women’s protest has won over Irish politicians | Emer O’Toole  
Steve Baker tells Commons Government forecasts are always wrong. If so, why did his Dept waste time and money in making civil servants produce one? #bbcnews #Brexit 
8. Meanwhile, the UK has seen a similar pattern unfold.Initially, there was an absolute denial of any Russian involvement in Brexit. Then it transpired the St Petersburg troll farm had spent $1000 dollars on Twitter when they took a closer look. 
Labour will force Government to publish secret Brexit reports  
The government's line on Brexit is now literally "we don't know what we're talking about". 
By withholding their reports on the impact of Brexit on different parts of the UK and key sectors of our economy, the government are not protecting the interests of the British people but withholding information from them they have a right to know.  
Brexit MP @PhilipDaviesUK: London-centric Remoaners with dodgy figures trying to reverse the referendum result.  
Get real now. Economic consequences of Brexit will be even more devastating than Gov's top-secret report admits.So yes, Gov may well be 'embarrassed'. But in insisting on pursuing this toxic, undeliverable, ruinous endeavour, they should first and foremost be ashamed  
Both the Treasury and the IMF have been made to look extremely foolish since the referendum - our Board Member @DavidJonesMP in the Commons. 
Just told Minister @SteveBakerHW that #MidSussex expects Govt to secure a Brexit that does not damage our Economic success or National interest despite cavalier attitude of some Brexiteers @Jacob_Rees_Mogg and others 
.@ChrisLeslieMP slams the Gov't for trying to cover up Brexit impact forecasts, leaked today, that show us being worse off after Brexit.  
As Treasury useless at making projections 12 months ahead don't think anyone will take seriously 15 year predictions on Brexit. 
UK Government would like to tell you that Brexit “allows” them to be greener. Here’s the reality.Commission summons UK and 8 other member states to Brussels to explain repeated breaches of air quality standards. After hearing what they have to say, they’re none too impressed.  
But what we also see is that even 'Soft' Brexit hits economy. Maybe people should look at what they gain from actually being in EU. At some point Scots will have to make choice - decide our own direction or just get dragged off cliff in boot of Tory Brexiteers' car! #ScotRef 
Minister Baker's treating MPs like chumps. He knows, we know, the leaked report confirms it, #Brexit will harm British jobs and families. Time the Govt and Jeremy  Corbyn agreed to a vote on the deal so people can choose whether to leave and damage our prospects or stay in #FBPE 
If the Economic forecasts & impact assessments carried our re #Brexit to date are as wrong as the UK Govt say why don’t they tell the British people what deal they want from the #EU, cost it & publish the results? It’s  quite simple really #FBPE 
Brexit Minister @SteveBakerHW says the leaked Brexit assessment wasn't produced by his department and 'requires significant further work'  
If you have a genuine interest in whether releasing the Secret Brexit Studies really could damage our negotiating position, there is sworn expert evidence here:  
Leaked #Brexit analysis "is an attempt to undermine our exit from the European Union", says minister Steve Baker  
If there was an informed EU referendum tomorrow, which way would you vote? 
Tory backbenchers are actually proposing watching “The Darkest Hour” as an “antidote” to the government’s disastrous Brexit impact assessments. We’ve entered the twilight zone. This country needs rescuing from this nonsense. Urgently! 
How many 18-30 year olds are actually directly involved in the Brexit negotiations? The group which will face the consequences of this deal for the longest time has little representation and say over what is going on. 
If you backed Brexit in the run up to June 2016 you might reasonably be forgiven - if you back it unconditionally now you frankly don't care one jot about this country or our future  
New levels of farce. Brexit minister Steve Baker says department will carry on doing economic analyses until it comes up with one whose findings it likes 
Hilary Benn,chair of the Commons Brexit cttee, says David Davis told the cttee last year that the govt had not conducted a sectoral Brexit impact analysis. Yet the report leaked does look at the impact on different sectors of the economy. How can Baker explain this discrepancy? 
I think we need an abbreviated phrase that explains Brendan Cole’s exit from Strictly.Is “Brexit” already taken?@BBCOne @bbcstrictly 
Brexit Minister Steve Baker tells Parliament one minute that we shouldn't take the Brexit impact studies seriously and then the next minute says "in all of those scenarios there's economic growth". Which is it @DExEUgov? 
Wee graph for folk following the Brexit Impact story. Here's the comparison between the UK Paper and the Scottish Government's analysis.  
Clear and compelling explanation from the UK's former EU Commissioner Lord Hill on why it would be a huge mistake for the UK to follow the Hammond route of subcontracting our rulemaking to the EU after Brexit  
Scottish Gov release Brexit impact analysis and Scot Tories scream “scaremongering” on every media platform.....UK Brexit impact analysis is leaked saying the same thing and Scot Tories are silentOur media shouldn’t allow the Tories to simply hide. 
It beggars belief that @SteveBakerHW critique of government’s own forecasts that Brexit will make us poorer is that civil servant economists have not modeled the PM’s nebulous “cake-and-eat-it” trade deal with EU which the EU 27 regard as less plausible than the tooth fairy 
This is quite something. It's unheard of for one Govt department to shitbag another's work from the Despatch Box. Brexit civil war.  
If Brexit minister Steve Baker is suggesting that we've selectively quoted from the Brexit analysis, he should publish it in full and show what we've missed 
In the House of Commons for Urgent Question on Brexit impact assessments. I have a simple question for @DExEUgov Ministers - why are you so scared of publishing these reports? 
So strange to see Steve Baker flanked by Suella Fernandes on the Government front-bench. Both former chairs of the hardline Brextremist European Research Group, which is now chaired by Jacob Rees-Mogg.The terrifying takeover of the Government's Brexit policy is complete. 
The cat's out of the bag - the UK government must now publish their secret #Brexit analysis in full. Sign our petition today and demand the UK government publishes their analysis.  
Big problem for @GovUK - they dismissed @ScotGov #Brexit report as “scaremongering” just 2 weeks ago but its own report (which must have been in existence then) says virtually the same......Sturgeon: Brexit report leak 'devastating' - BBC News  
Brexit minister Steve Baker tells the House of Commons that BuzzFeed's article is "selective interpretation" of a draft analysis and the article's publication is "an attempt to undermine our exit from the European Union". Don't read it here:  
Great rousing speech by @LibDemLords leader @RichardNewby3 on the need for the people to ‘take back control’ of #Brexit from a govt hopelessly out of control. #FinalSay #ExitFromBrexit 
Brexit is a wonderful gift that will smash the UK and lead to an independent Scotland and hopefully reunite Ireland. In days to come we will toast leavers with the best malt 
After Brexit, croissants will be renamed Curly Breakfast Pastry and will be consumed standing up whilst saluting the Union Flag. #NationalCroissantDay 
Theresa May refuses to publish the leaked report showing the damage Brexit will do the economy because it is "incomplete".  
Nobody is asking for a 2nd referendum!We are asking for referendum on the outcome of the negotiations, with an option to stay in the EU#FBPE #Brexit #FinalSay #FinalSayForAll 
I agree with @campaignforleo This referendum is about empathy & compassion. Do we have empathy for the women & girls who have faced and will face difficult choices? Are we compassionate enough to try to keep them safe? I think we are. Let's #repealthe8th 
Brexit also puts in place challenges for EU countries,but failing to secure the integrity of the single market will have greater costs in the long run.The EU must stand united & reform to make the most of the opportunities available to a more united Europe  
We're not the ones that caused the recession or (statistically) voted for Brexit. You tell me?   
(2/2) The Government will deliver the best #Brexit for our country.  Brexit will be good for Britain. We must be confident, positive and optimistic 
Government’s own (leaked) report shows that “Brexit will hurt Britain in every way” & “Britain would be worse off outside the European Union in every scenario modelled”. The Times has a paywall () so here’s the Guardian  
(1/2) Sorry to see my views misrepresented.  The majority of the country who want to see us deliver a great #Brexit will not be disappointed 
Iain Duncan Smith said he would throw the leaked Brexit impact assessments in the bin. Because you know, who needs facts and detailed research? 
Its now obvious which way brexit is going so its up to the 17.4 million who voted for it to do something. Sit on your arses for much longer & you´ll have no future for yourselves, let alone your children. Put time aside to fight for your country. Somewhere there must be a leader. 
Is it time for another referendum on Brexit? Our readers have filled our mailbag with their own perspectives on what happens next.  
Just spoke on @daily_politics about the Government's leaked Brexit analysis. It proves we should be seeking Efta membership, which is the least damaging option. The Government should publish this analysis without delay 
You just can’t predict something as complicated as the Brexit effect in the economy one year ahead, let alone 15 years - @Spectator 
#NewBrexitFacts Brexiteers have claimed that leaving the Single Market will lead to a cash boost for the NHS, while reducing pressure. In reality Brexit is depleting staff, will drain cash from the NHS, and a US trade deal could lead to further privatisation.  
If the constant lies and scheming manage to overturn brexit then democracy has gone for ever and the value of a single vote is shown for what it is. Its not just brexit where votes are involved but our very day to day lives. It will be final proof that the people have no voice ! 
This leaked Brexit memo means Labour must make a choice | Gaby Hinsliff  
Even with a good free trade agreement, which everyone now should aim for, the negative Brexit impact on the UK economy is believed to be substantial.  
"We're asking people to trust women".Historic news that a referendum has been called to repeal the #8thAmendment in Ireland. Books Upstairs will continue to support the campaign to #repealthe8th 
Iain Duncan Smith wants everyone to just ignore the bad Brexit report, as 1. It is bad & 2/ It apparently wasn’t overseen by govt.He also needs to say though, that the government’s economic forecasts have been wrong in the past, so obvs they should just be ignored anyway. 
We should listen to the economy on Brexit, not economists  @andrew_lilico via @telebusiness 
The leaked bleak economic forecast for a Brexit UK “match the real economy, with Britain now growing more slowly than the rest of the G7.” Says @George_Osborne. 
The Bishop of Leeds keeping it real in  the Lords. Says we must avoid "Brexit Britain turning into Tudor Britain." A bit rich from someone who only has a seat in the legislature because of the establishment of his church by... a Tudor King. 
The Bishop of Leeds is reading his speech in the Brexit Bill debate from an iPad. Apt for holy men to be guided by the wisdom written on tablets 
"We already have abortion in Ireland, but it is unsafe, unregulated and unlawful and in my opinion we cannot continue to export our problems and import our solutions. The Irish Cabinet has given formal approval to the holding of a referendum on abortion laws.  
Leaked Whitehall Brexit assessments, postscript:Government talks of "preferred bespoke trade deal option." What is it please? Please keep it simple: basically tariff free trade on goods and something for financial services. Otherwise WTO rules. 
Our editorial @EveningStandard: revealed - what the government knows about Brexit  
Today’s @EveningStandard exclusive: Labour divisions exposed as council leader Claire Kober quits with blast at ‘sexism’ and ‘bullying’ of hard left & latest Tory infighting as Brexit forecasts leak + BBC DG writes on pay equality + a style guide to wearing a flat cap ...  
BBC lining up tame Brexiteers "experts" to rubbish the Government's own private Brexit analysis released by BuzzfeedBBC are as corrupt af 
.@RichardNewby3 on the #EUWithdrawalBill -“The Government has no substantive policy on what Brexit would mean in practice.”-The people should be able to decide whether the Government has produced a deal which they find acceptable #avoteonthedeal 
excellent read exposing the myths @jeremycorbyn @johnmcdonnellMP @SeumasMilne cling to to justify deafness to Labour members' wishes on Brexit  
The only Brexit debate worth reading – Partridge vs Tucker in The Great Big Brexit Grudge Match #EUWithdrawalBill 
BREXITIt's shameful how European leaders and EU bureaucrats have treated Britain since the referendum in 2016. We are not at war with any of these countries, yet we are treated like pariahs merely for following through with a democratic decision made by a majority of voters.  
.@RichardNewby3 tells the Lords that the government has achieved "virtually nothing" in Brexit negotiations so far  
Merkel mocked May's Brexit muddle in Davos 'comedy skit' - Christian Adams - political cartoon gallery in Putney  
the Brexit impact analysis makes no difference to the debate because both big parties believe the economic downsides (which will hit poorest hardest, natch) are a price worth paying. Amazing (and shameful) for Labour to be in that position. 
Govt hopes to ram pig in a poke #Brexit Withdrawal Bill through Parliament by Ministerial fiat. This sells the legislative process & people short. We must prevent it. In all my years in the upper chamber it's one of the worst pieces of draft legislation I can recall 
There is now a dawning realisation that Brexit could be very good for the UK economy, and as this realisation strengthens, so too could the £ - EFT's @GraemeLeachEcon  
Just to be absolutely clear.  I am NOT calling for a 2nd #Brexit referendum.  I agree with @lisanandy that we need to understand the reasons behind the first vote. My preferred approach is for parliament to vote down a Tory deal because it won't be in the interests of the people. 
Lord Adonis cites Orwell, Edmund Burke and Lord Carrington in defence of ensuring Parliament protects the national interest. Brilliant #Brexit analysis of conflicting Gov position so far 
This is a farce. The Government should immediately publish all these reports, un-redacted and in full. If the Government continues to keep the public in the dark about Brexit, Parliament should take back control and force a vote to force the Government to publish them this week.  
FM @NicolaSturgeon says leak of Brexit impact papers "a watershed moment in the Brexit negotiation." Calling for paper to be published in full and argues "the case for a hard Brexit is dead in the water" 
In all this talk of a second Brexit Referendum, people must realise that Scotland's second referendum is ahead in the Q!! :) #HaveANiceDay 
The people deserve to know what the government think will happen as a result of its decisions, especially on an issue as important as Brexit. They must release the full impact report. @Emmabarnett @bbc5live 
From my EU Withdrawal Bill speech: “My lords, these are grave matters. We owe the public our advice, and I believe in due course we will owe our fellow citizens the right to decide for themselves whether the Government’s Brexit terms should proceed.” 
From my EU Withdrawal Bill speech: “Orwell wrote that in times of crisis ‘political language is designed to make lies sound truthful and to give an appearance of solidity to pure wind.’ So it is with Brexit.” 
Readers, yesterday you told us what you thought of the #Brexit surrender. Today we've published your comments on our #Brexit news site here: @theresa_may you must listen or go.  Do NOT dismiss the decent British voters you will read on our site today. 
Packed House of Lords as the bos class starts to try to block Brexit. Lab's Lord Winston is in his Garrick tie. An all-male club? Bold! 
Treasury were behind leaked gloomy Brexit report  
'Thatcher would have been appalled by May's handling of Brexit. Why would anyone vote Tory now?' writes @Nigel_Farage 
LOL at Blairites who claim Brexit will harm the economy but acquiesce in Lab’s bid to inflict ruinous Venezuelan-style socialism upon it. 
Jacob Rees-Mogg and Iain Duncan Smith have dismissed the leaked Brexit forecasts by pointing out that previous Brexit forecasts have been wrong. @mrjamesob had the perfect response. 
17.4 million people voted to leave the EU - the largest mandate in British electoral history. It would be wholly undemocratic for peers to try and overrule this vote or stymie Brexit  
The Unelected Lords Should Not Meddle in Brexit, says UKIP Leader @_HenryBolton  
Excellent from @UKLabour @Keir_Starmer Parliament and the public must be informed in full and forthwith on the consequences of Brexit.  
Get your Daily Mail reading, Brexit supporting old person name by taking the month you were born & adding the first letter of your surname.Mine’s Maureen Crapsweet  
Shadow Brexit Secretary Sir Keir Starmer will ask an urgent question in the House of Commons at 12.30pm about the leaked Brexit impact assessment intended only for ministers 
BREAKING: @Keir_Starmer has been granted an Urgent Question on the leaked Brexit impact assessment. Read @mtpennycook’s reaction from earlier. 
2 big UQs granted from 1230: 1 @Keir_Starmer to ask @DavidDavisMP on Govt’s analysis of the long term economic impact of Brexit upon the economy. 2 @Marshadecordova to askEsther McVey to make a statement on the process and timetable for personal independent Payment back Payments 
Enough already. 2nd referendum now. #StopBrexit 
The 2008 worldwide crash hurt communities across Britain - arguably it helped fuel the vote for Brexit.The economy shrank by 2pc during worst quarter.The govt’s own analysis of Brexit impact show economy down by 2pc, 5pc or (in case of no-deal) 8pc! 
The Brexiteer MPs slowly coming out with the line "experts cant predict years into the future" in response to leaked Brexit impact documentsStrange, that's exactly what WM done during Indyref 
“This Leaked Government Brexit Analysis Says The UK Will Be Worse Off In Every Scenario”  
Even by SNP standards this is quite a tweet  There's no words for how astonishingly hypocritical this is #Brexit  
Mogg: Leaked Brexit forecast “simply wrong”, based on false assumptions  
Leaked Brexit impact assessments have revealed the true cost of Brexit to our economy - please RT so everybody knows the real hit to our economy and livelihoods:  
All progressives in this country need to concentrate on one thing: removing this govt.  I don't want to wait until 2022.  The damage being caused by this govt to our communities is to great to wait. Parliament has to vote down a Tory #Brexit deal @resfoundation #newpolitics 
Unite wants parliament to scrutinise the #Brexit deal.  We expect that the Tory deal will be rejected - and the country then has to vote. If we had @jeremycorbyn negotiating now, there would be a deal that satisfied the leave heartlands and remain party members. #newpolitics 
Every MP, every regional broadcaster, and every local paper will now be asking the government for their region’s Brexit impact analysis. And if the government refuses and says it doesn’t exist they’ll know that’s not true - because we’ve seen it.  
Tory MPs claimed £315,000 of taxpayer’s money to fund secretive hard-Brexit pressure group 
Jacob Rees-Mogg has just spectacularly blown two Brexit arguments with one quote.  
It has been almost two years since #Brexit and 14 months since @realDonaldTrump was elected, and the disloyal opposition remains determined to overthrow democracy and the will of the people.  #ReleaseTheMemo #AdamSchiff 
.@mrjamesob If your child was ill, would you listen to 1% of experts who say your child is ok - because it makes you feel better - or would you listen to 99% of experts who say your child needs treatment?If Brexit was their child, I suspect Brexiters would listen to the 99%. 
Critics on the right fear that Theresa May will agree not to the clean break with the EU, but to "Brino" — shorthand for Brexit in Name Only  
Both #Trump and #Brexit are unravelling at the same time. Is that a coincidence? Or does it indicate both have common factors? 1. Dark Money 2. Illegal use of data3. Russian hacking and bots4. Unlawful conspiracies against democracy 
The BBC are helping the Tories play this Brexit mess downThis is a classic #NothingToSeeHereThe BBC is corrupt 
This is the most shameful bullshit.  The new Tory line is that voters knew that Brexit would totally screw the economy for a generation, even though @BorisJohnson et al told them that we would have MORE money to spend 
There is something odd about post-Brexit Britain demanding only high-skilled immigration. Like changing a Tinder bio: "Recent divorcee. From now on I will only date 10s (or 9s in certain circumstances)" 
More than a little embarrassing for Ruth Davidson and her Scottish Conservatives that they rubbished SNP Government analysis on Brexit only a few weeks ago only to have the Conservative Government's leaked analysis confirm it pretty much number by number. 
Brexiteers, Remainers, Labour: all calling for Govt to publish critical report on impact of Brexit on economy 
Whitehall #Brexit analysis: 1. There is no conceivable future scenario for Britain better than EU membership. 2. We can measure exactly how bad alternative scenarios are to within a decimal point of GDP growth over the course of the next decade. Fair summary? 
"Labour has demanded that the government publish the Brexit impact reports so that they can ignore them too." 
So the same Govt officials who produced the pre-#EURef #ProjectFear forecasts that turned out to be almost wholly wrong, & who can't even forecast next year's GDP accurately, are confidently forecasting a 0.333% pa GDP-attrition over 15 years under a post-Brexit FTA?Right. . .  
Brexit impact assessments are saying Britain will be worse off in EVERY scenario. How can any politician continue to argue for Brexit while expecting to win elections? Will prove to be electoral suicide for those responsible. Intentionally harming your economy is not a good look. 
A Brexit analysis report that the government commissioned is being dismissed by the government because they didn’t like the findings of the report.The government is so out of its depth on Brexit, they need a submarine to rescue them. And they know it.  
Scottish Conservatives' Central Office today as Ruth Davidson's Tories respond to the #Brexit leak.  
‘@Jacob_Rees_Mogg: Leaked Brexit forecast “simply wrong”, based on false assumptions.Project Fear even less credible this time round!  
The cold hard reality is that these reports reveal nothing we didn’t already know. Of course staying in the EU remains our best option, of course Brexit is going to damage the UK  
What is important is not just the forecasts, but that the government has tried to hide them from the public. How can we have a functioning democracy if the government denies the public critically important information!#StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON #Brexit 
Here's an idea. Let's just NOT DO IT.Srsly. That referendum was in no way binding. It was an opinion poll and not even a poll in which everyone participated.Regardless of how you voted, why would anyone want the country to be worse off IN EVERY WAY?  
One thing Buzzfeed's excellent scoop confirms is that the Government does have an analysis of the impact of Brexit on the regions  
Once again Scots ask the Government in sitting in Scotland - show us the economic impact leaving U.K. would have on Scotland. Otherwise, you are not in a position to comment on Brexit. Leaving the UK was not assessed truthfully in 2014. DO IT NOW.  
To all those Leavers dissing the impact analysis showing #Brexit as reducing the economy under every plausible scenario as yet more "Treasury project fear" - the assessment was done by DexEU dept run by Brexiteers Davies & Baker set up with the specific purpose of #brexit 
How the Treasury’s Brexit forecasts went last time...  
Leaked Brexit impact assessment shows Northern Ireland will be one of the hardest hit regions of the UK - even without taking into account the effect of a hard border. 
Just to repeat for everyone at the back. #Brexit leaves us poorer under ALL SCENARIOS. There is NO SCENARIO where we end up better off. Now you know this, demand a #FinalSay. There’s no good reason to hurt our NHS and our poorest even more. #WATON #StopBrexit #NHSLove 
Time to remember it's not just this generation that has won a referendum to #repealthe8th. It's been 40 years of heavy, heavy lifting, of hard slog by giants of women and men. Mary Holland, Ruth Riddick, Anne-Marie Hourihan, @gorettihorgan . Icing now being put on cake. 
Davis: Prime Minister, we finally got around to conducting that Brexit impact assessmentMay: And?Davis: The country will be poorer in every scenarioMay: Fuck. Bury it. They'll never know.Davis: Um, about that - somebody leaked it to the press...May: pic.twitter.com/WpHG1dsdum 
Remove the customs union surrender clause in the Cross-Border bill or we will table amendments - Jacob Rees-Mogg, to Govt. EU customs union will not let Britain sign its own trade deals and thus negate #BrexitHow can Brexit mean Brexit then, PM May?#LeaveCustomsUnion 
Leaked new Govt impact studies show all scenarios of Brexit damage UK.  
A second Brexit poll looks ever more likely  
Left wingers in the Labour party pile pressure on Corbyn to change Brexit position w new paper challenging Lexit myths  
Commonwealth citizens were given a vote in the #Brexit referendum, but not EU 27 citizens. A truly extraordinary injustice, to add to all the other ways in which the electoral franchise was rigged in favour of Leave. #StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE #ABTV 
Those latest Brexit forecasts in full  
There are three Brexit options: hard, soft, Remain. As the snags with each clarifies, it also becomes apparent that if all three were on ballot paper in 2016 Remain would have come first 
You can say Brexit isn't about economics - and you might even be right. But for what it's worth, the economics argument is now locked down. 
The only Brexit model that does not do damage is REMAIN.  Everything else is damaging for jobs and the NHS, our children's futures, our global standing and our security.  The consequences of any Brexit are now there for all to see.  #nobrexitdividend 
Government: “The leaked impact report is irrelevant because it doesn’t show the Brexit we want which is the one that gives everyone a free golden goose and has lucrative trade deals with Atlantis, Narnia and Cloud Cuckoo Land" 
About those leaked #Brexit #impactassessments ... and the mythical version no-one's seen, where it's all OK ... #StopBrexit #DavidDavis #Remain #Brexitshambles #FBPE #ABTV #WATON 
Why don’t we just #StayIn full stop? Brexit damages Britain. It’s an act of self harm. You wouldn’t let a person self harm so why let a country? 
Scotland’s Place in Europe was published by ScotGov December 2016 - 14 months ago. For those insisting that ScotGov should stop their moaning about Brexit - they’ve consistently got it right, while UKgov’s ‘wing it’ strategy (if one can even use that word) has been a disaster.  
.@JustineGreening has called on critics of the Prime Minister to get behind her as she attempts the "almost impossible" task of negotiating #Brexit, insisting she’s still a "firm supporter" of Mrs May & is unhappy with "soundings off" about her leadership.  
Someone didn't tell @stephenkerrMP about the leaked Brexit report...  
Who did the Brexit studies? When were they done? What was their counter-factual cf. TSC evidence: @NickyMorgan01 ? Why were they not released following the motion in Parliament? Why were they not released to the committee? Contempt? Ask the Speaker? Ask @hilarybennmp 
[2016] Brexit is going to damage the UK economy.[2017] FFS! Brexit is going to damage the UK economy!![2018] WHY IS NO ONE LISTENING TO ME? BREXIT IS GOING TO DAMAGE THE UK ECONOMY!!![2019]  
The Lords are debating the EU Withdrawal Bill today. Here's what we and @AmnestyUK think of it, in two bullet points.   #Brexit  
Scottish Government: Okay, so we've released a report showing that every Brexit scenario will mean Scotland is worse off.Unionists: Lies, you're just saying that to fuel your own separatist agenda!UK Government: (looking guilty, hiding their brexit report ) Um, yeah totes... 
If you’re reading about the Whitehall analysis on the impact of Brexit, it’s worth looking back at what we said about such economic modelling during the referendum campaign.  
 This week in the European Parliament: Rule of law in Poland Citizens’ rights after Brexit Geo-blockingRead more in   
Jacob Rees-Mogg says a leaked study on the impact of Brexit which has found a hard Brexit will cause the UK economy to fall 8% is "simply wrong"  
NEW: New shocks & old sins - adjusting to the age of automation and Brexit. My piece.  
Jacob Rees-Mogg says the leaked #brexit impact assessments are just wrong. He then rubbishes forecasters... but is happy to use a forecaster that agrees with his views on a hard brexit. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
According to Government analysis, under every single Brexit scenario (hard Brexit or soft Brexit) - Britain is significantly worse off. But hey - blue passports! 
CRAZY: EU open borders to continue until at least 2021.That isn’t Brexit - it’s a capitulation.  
It's happening. The Government will hold a referendum to #repealthe8th Amendment. Draft legislation will be published which broadly follows the recommendations of #8Committee. Shows how determined advocacy and courageous individuals can move the 'centre' in Irish politics. 
The Treasury has actually upgraded its Brexit forecasts - not that you’d know from the coverage of today’s leak. Details:  
I have always argued this: As with Brexit, so with immigration - it’s  much more a cultural issue than purely economic. All parties refuse to acknowledge this. It’s up to @UKIP to have the courage to address it.  via @LSEpoliticsblog 
Winnie is right. The government are hiding the truth about Brexit to save their political skins. Party before people. #ImpactAssessments #BrexitReality 
Was Great Britain right to vote to leave the European Union?#Brexit 
I see Ruth Davidson's Tories are all hiding today after the Brexit papers leakAgain nobody in press appear to be trying to force answers 
HM Treasury forecasted that unemployment would rise by 500,000-800,000 in the event of a vote to leave the EU. We have the highest employment in over 40 years. We cannot trust the latest forecasts as they can't even forecast next year's GDP based on standard trade impacts #Brexit 
Remoaners are getting excited today at the partial leak of a very limited 'Brexit Report'.Normal service will resume as the facts emerge.#PrayForBedwetters 
Do you believe the UK is doomed whatever deal is struck with #Brexit? - Any Brexit deal will hit UK economy - government paper RETWEET & VOTE  #yourvoicematters 
In the face of its own independent #Brexit assessment any responsible Govt must at best chose the least damaging option & get on with it! 
Labour is now demanding that the government releases the Brexit analysis in full. Shadow min Matthew Pennycook: "Ministers should publish this information immediately and allow for a full debate in parliament about its implications." 
Scot Giv figs (from 2 weeks ago) on damage to Scotland of Brexit in the 3 scenarios were 8.5% 6.1% 2.7% UK Gov for damage to UK are 8% 5% 2%. Firstly, Brexit even worse for Scotland. Secondly, media and politicians who damned Scot figs need to take look at themselves. 
We’re heading for wholesale deregulation aren’t we? Environment, product standards, employment law, the whole shebang. Lowering our standards left right and centre. #brexit 
What the leaked Cabinet Office / Treasury report reveals to us is not future GDP growth.  Rather it tells us about the frame of mind of those officials overseeing Brexit; unambitious, tepid technocrats 
The government's own analysis shows that an extreme #Brexit will hit our economy & put our public services at further risk. How on earth can ministers justify their ideological obsession with a policy that will do so much damage to our country? 
Corbyn has a choice on Leaked Brexit Reports. 1) Change his mind on Single Market & only risk looking as if he had poor political instincts and naive economic understanding.2) Plough on obtusely and look dangerously stubborn. 
Gov's leaked Brexit impact reports reveal hit to UK growth over the next 15 years compared to current forecasts under the following models:  Free Trade Agreement - 5% lower No deal Brexit - 8%Brexit is reversible if people change their minds. 
Why shouldn’t the #UK get a bespoke #Brexit deal?We are the No1 export market for German manufactured goods for French agriculture. They want free access.No comparison with Norway (4m population) or Canada (36m) - we are ~70m and large economy. 
Absolutely appalling that a professor and leading intellectual is having to endure threats and vicious abuse, aimed at her gender and nationality, for speaking out against Brexit.  I stand with you in solidarity @cliodiaspora and every other EU national targeted by abuse. 
Corbyn's position on Brexit is now simply annoying  
Iain Duncan Smith's position seems to be we must absolutely trust the UK govt to deliver #Brexit while simultaneously absolutely not trusting any models or conclusions the UK govt has modeled Brexit on. Madness. Complete bonkers madness. 
Kate Hoey was right on . MPs who hated Corbyn’s leadership still do, but they know they can't go for another leadership challenge so instead they use Brexit to attack him. 70% of Labour's constituencies voted leave so they hope a pro sngl market policy will cost us a GE 
Now we know the UK government agrees with us on the impact of #Brexit, let's get on with protecting jobs and living standards. Here's how.  
Gibraltar. You remember Gibraltar, right, UKGov? I hope you do, as it's about to cause significant difficulties for Brexit, and it's Chief Minister has called for a #FinalSayForALL on the deal. 
More or less same figures as The Scottish Government's official report on Brexit. All of this was published by the #spanishpress meanwhile some newspapers in Scotland accused Nicola Sturgeon of obsession with independence 
As the Brexit Government admits that all scenarios of Brexit leave every region of the   UK  poorer the IMF upgrades every major economy bar the UK. Time to ditch Brexit and grab the Remain Dividend. #ImpactAssessments #ProjectFact #BrexitReality 
R4 Today has invited two people on to talk about Lords Brexit debate. Both are proud Remainers. #everydaybias 
My piece with @Alison_McGovern on why we need to stop dithering on Brexit - read our @laboursinglemkt report published with @Open_Britain today  
EVERY Brexit scenario will leave the uk worse off. WTO deal? 8% worse off; Free trade agreement? 5%; Soft Brexit? 2% - there is no combination that leaves UK in a WIN situation other than staying in the EU... Stop this madness now #StopBrexit #BrexitShambes #BBCR4Today #r4today 
We salute the campaigners whose work led to this referendum on Ireland's abortion ban.  Women will never have equality until they have full control over their own bodies.#repealthe8th 
Oh, what a massive surprise - all #Brexit scenarios lead to misery. Knowing this, the government has a duty to #StopBrexit @Conservatives @theresa_may 
The wheels are falling off Brexit, Info finally coming out to enable to British public weigh up the options. It’s not a done deal, we can still stay in if people want to.  
Iain Duncan Smith says the government's economic model "has been highly discredited". @MishalHusainBBC asks: "Well what is your assessment then? What do you base your view on?" IDS's response: "Well, none of us know where this will end up." This is #Brexit in a nutshell. #r4today 
BREAKING: Screenshots of the Government’s Brexit-modelling simulator software leaked.  
Firing banknotes out of cannons into Channel ‘cheaper than Brexit’, say experts 
What the Tory Brexit really means: slash wages, turn beaches into sewers again and lower “product standards”  
Gibraltar insists it can reject any part of the #brexit deal it doesn't like.  
Theresa May is facing demands to publish the government's latest Brexit analysis following a report it had concluded Britain would be worse off whatever deal is struck with Brussels.   
Leaked gov #Brexit report illustrated in handy pie chart.  
The fact that even the most charitable assessments show that Britain will be worse off after Brexit is more than embarrassing, @DExEUgov . It's tragic, terrifying and a complete failure of government and parliament to protect British citizens.#BrexitShambles #BrexitReality 
Sometimes you just get bored with Brexit. Then you hear IDS on #r4today denying the veracity of the government’s latest impact assessment, because it doesn’t suit him - with all the charm and certainty of a holocaust denier.  What better motivation do we need. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
On 23 June 2016 the U.K. gov agreed to a referendum vote to either stay in the EU or leave the EU.The British people by MAJORITY voted to leave EU.. what is it May that you don’t understand ? Stop fannying about , we didn’t vote to leave in 4yrs , we want OUT NOW , JUST DO IT !! 
Regarding the Government’s Brexit reports: the last time we tried to increase exports to places like India (BRIC) it didn’t work- not because of tariffs etc. but simply because far away places with low spending power aren’t as viable as large, established markets on our doorstep. 
Labour MPs demand Corbyn "gets off the fence" over Brexit and commits to staying in Single Market and Customs Union  
. @piersmorgan CRUSHES 'deluded' Lord Adonis' hopes of second referendum: 'We're leaving!' #GMB  
Government Brexit impact analysis is politically significant and will be held up by every Remain-backer in Parliament. However, officials can't even forecast next year's GDP so the notion they can call it 15 years ahead is absolutely for the birds. 
REMINDER: HM Treasury 's prediction for GDP 3 months after referendum  “UK economy would fall into recession” and contract up to -1%. It grew +0.5%.  
David Davis on why we should, to put it politely, treat any Brexit impact assessments from the Treasury or BoE as we would a prediction from Mystic Meg  
Simon Harris says parents of children with disabilities have asked him to ensure that their children aren't used to manipulate an argument in the referendum 
#BrexitWe lose influenceWe lose powerWe lose jobsWe lose moneyWe gain ....  er, nothing#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Even John Humphrys seems to have given up on the Brexit good for Britain narrative. Just that it has to happen #BrexitPropagandaMachine 
Iain Duncan Smith was on #r4today begging for everybody to ignore the new Brexit Impact Assessment that says UK will be worse off  in EVERY scenario - because experts... So, do as he says...DO NOT read this on Buzzfeed:  #BrexitShambles #StopBrexit 
19 months after the referendum and 14 months before we leave the EU this is where we are - completely unclear about even the basics  
"Iain Duncan Smith" The man who embraced austerity as if it was a scantily clad hostess, penalized the poor for having spare rooms, wanting to eat, clothe their family and live normal lives. Now pontificating on #Brexit #shutup pic.twitter.com/9JgRszXi8s 
May’s Brexit choice, according to government’s own economists: rich vassal state or poor independent country?  
I rather love the fact Brexit monkeys have to be instructed which flags to bring to their demo.  
Tories in utter chaos, leaking against each other, attempting a coup, making a complete mess of Brexit. So now's a great time for @heidi_mp and @Alison_McGovern to...*squints*...attack the Labour leadership for not singlehandedly stopping Brexit.  
BBC reports on Buzzfeed publishing a report that suggests post-Brexit Britain will not grow as fast as thought. BUT, Buzzfeed has taken a consistently anti-Brexit line much like the Huffington Post to which it has connections. THIS IS NOT AN ANNOUNCEMENT TO BE TAKEN SERIOUSLY 
IDS states on #r4today that there are forecasts which predict a favourable economic outcome after Brexit. He doesn't mention that's there's just one and it sticks out like a sore thumb  
So the PM and Cabinet know Brexit is economically damaging but are proceeding with the hardest possible version. Utterly reckless!  
Sensible, informed people calling out @BBCNews reporting of #Brexit with increasing regularity. Compare with 2014 narrative that anyone who calls out BBC on #indyref is a lunatic... 
UKGovt report says Brexit could wipe out 40 years of growth and #bbcgms can’t even get ScotTories on to account. Chronic. 
Iain Duncan Smith on #today suggests Brexit impact report deliberately leaked because of it's negative conclusions. Has it occurred to anyone in Government to try "leaking" anything positive? Am I missing something? 
Rumours in Whitehall today say the leaked document which forecast a doom-laden #Brexit was put together by civil servants from the Treasury & Cabinet Office Brexit Unit run by #Remainer Olly Robbins.Their 2017 forecast was wrong. Why believe them now? 
It’s *your* report. It’s *your* fault if your ‘preferred option’ didn’t get modelled. Incompetent, stupid, or don’t you even know what option you prefer? #Brexit 
Anti-Brexit Project Fear Mark 2 is well underway! They’re getting desperate!  
Govt report says least damaging #Brexit model is #SingleMarket #CustomsUnion so let’s put country before ideology & stay in both 
.Let's Not Brexit . 
Brexit. Rich people selling fivers to the poor for a tenner.  
So the Brexit impact studies, about the existence of which @DavidDavisMP has repeatedly and knowingly lied, have leaked and it has become patently clear why the Government never intended to share the findings with the public - they are humiliating 
Re the civil service leaking Brexit report to Buzzfeed:A) Brexiteers have baked in a hit to to the economy on leaving. This won’t be news to them B) lol of course it willC) Whitehall will do the exact same thing to a Corbyn government on pretty much every decent policy 
2 weeks ago, Stirling's Tory MP stood in the House of Commons and accused Scotland's First Minister of an "unmitigated diet of doom and gloom" for publishing expert analysis on the economic impact of Brexit.Now the Tory UK Govt has found the same, does @stephenkerrMP apologise? 
Another day in Brexit Wonderland. And in the meantime what about the NHS, education, mental health, police, universities, housing and jobs? Please Remainers, look at this and never stop campaigning to save our country. @BrexitBin @dontbrexitfixit @nickreeves9876 @JoRichardsKent 
Shoosh! Don’t tell people that generations of buying cheap Chinese imports hit British manufacturing jobs! It doesn’t fit the nationalist anti-EU narrative!“Areas that voted Leave were most affected by Chinese import shock”. #Brexit 
The problem with having people like Iain Duncan Smith on #today is that there is literally nothing there, behind the #Brexit-platitudes. He doesn't understand the complexity of the arguments, so he ignores them. 
For the hard of understanding:No matter which way you spin it, Brexit is going to be bad for Britain.National financial ruin for all but the few. If you don't want national financial ruin then join the fight to #StopBrexit 
This guy is growing on me. Williamson is clearly committed to achieving a clean Brexit. So why isn't he at the heart of the Brexit negotiations?  
Another Brexit referendum is becoming ever more likely -my column  
Lord Adonis says that Jacob Rees Mogg has previously said that there's a good case for a 2nd referendum on the EU #brexit deal  
The fact is that his own government's analysis shows all Brexit scenarios to be damaging - between 2-8% of GDP - while a much fêted, life saving US trade deal will only offset this by 0.2%. Attacking officials doesn't change this.4/4  
I thought we were being ‘alarmist’. We may even have underestimated this incoming Brexit disaster.  
The word in Whitehall this morning is that the leaked document forecasting doom-laden outcomes in every Brexit scenario was put together by civil servants from the Treasury and the Cabinet Office Brexit unit, run by the Remainer Olly Robbins  
ANNOUNCEMENT: Following a prolonged and debilitating illness, Brexit died peacefully in the night. It is survived by hope, truth and reconciliation. 
Treasury and Cabinet Office Mandarins Behind Brexit Doom Document:  
He also repeated the untruth that UK could only control immigration from around the world post-Brexit. UK has control of it's non-EU immigration system. 3/ 
Brexit would damage UK growth, says leaked cabinet report  
Is the #BBC biased on #Brexit?  Check out @bbcnickrobinson's new show to find out!  With @campbellclaret and (of course) @Nigel_Farage ...#StopBrexit #BBCBias #Remain #Brexitshambles #EU #FBPE #ABTV #WATON 
Notice how a government report is “leaked” just at the time the EU sets out it’s Brexit transition stance. If you cannot see the stagecraft then you aren’t really awake.  
I can’t for the life of me think why they are trying to keep this quiet but the Tories very own new analysis of the impact of Brexit confirms the UK would be worse off outside the EU under every scenario modelled. But don’t tell anyone. 
As any economist will tell you its basically impossible to come up with any other conclusion based on standard trade impacts. To the extent there are any valid arguments for Brexit they are almost all non-economic  
#Budget2017 - for the 1st time in modern history, expected UK GDP growth is BELOW 2% for every year in forecast period.NOW .@DExEUgov admits every configuration of #Brexit lowers "current" forecasts - i.e. leaves us worse off from an outlook that was already the gloomiest ever.  
Leaked #Brexitِ document?1) Timed as PM heads to China, so negates trip positives.2) Job loss fear mongering, yet jobs increasing every month.3) Loss of investment threatened, yet investment coming well at present.4) Who can take a leak seriously when they go to Buzzfeed? 
Secret data show Britain worse off under all Brexit scenarios  
Another day & another example of how the Government is trying to con the country over #Brexit We must have full disclosure and we must have a vote on the final deal.  
Secret data show Britain worse off under all Brexit scenarios -  via @FT 
Labour lost three successive elections and will try a fourth time to beat the Tories. That’s democracy. Also democratic would be seeking a fresh referendum vote 
Brexit is going to make you and your country weaker and poorer. The government's own analysis tells them this but they've tried to keep it secret because "it's embarrassing."   
What is devastating about this leak is that - since @MichelBarnier has made clear any hope of a ‘bespoke deal’ is a fantasy - the government’s repeated statements about economic success after Brexit are a deception  
Now we know why the Govt have refused to release the impact assessments. The leak confirms any deal with the EU will leave us worse off than at present. #Brexit #FBPE 
#Italy remains the problem child in Eurozone. Contrary to the general trend, #Italexit rises to 5.2%. Italy remains the country which is the most likely candidate for exit from euro. These concerns to increase until the election, similar to what happened before the #Brexit vote.  
The Irish Cabinet gave the go-ahead for a referendum to relax the country's strict abortion laws, 35 years after the Catholic-majority country enshrined abortion as a crime in its constitution  
Trump sidelines May in favour of Macron. Merkel mocks May's neediness. So, Tory MPs, how much more of this parliament and Brexit process are you going to waste by allowing this vacuum and nothingness in Number 10 to continue, rather than having a leader and plan?  
Internal analysis confirms that every possible Brexit scenario will leave the UK worse off than otherwise would have been the case. Unavoidable.   
If you want to know Kenya is divided , bring a secession bill and subject it to a referendum. #NASAOathDay 
Conservatives, Brexit, 2018The first government in known history to knowingly make the country and it’s citizens poorer in the medium and long term for the sake of blue passports.While ignoring all the real issues that the UK has, such as the NHS and austerity. 
BREXITDefence Secretary, Gavin Williamson, has ordered all EU flags be removed from MOD HQ; telling officials to take down the blue flags adorned with 12 gold stars & replace them with Union flags to boost British pride.  
Confirmation the govt is pursuing a track it knows will damage British lives - This Leaked Government Brexit Analysis Says The UK Will Be Worse Off In Every Scenario  
Tuesday briefing: Leaked paper reveals Brexit impact  
UK will be worse off in every possible scenario after Brexit, leaked government analysis shows  
Use of phrase ‘project fear’, description of nation as ‘expert sceptics’, idea impact studies are irrelevant because they do not include ‘bespoke deal’ (which is simply not attainable) - @bbcnormansmith acting not as journalist but as mouthpiece for govt Brexit narrative #r4today 
Debating Brexit with ‘something of the night’ Michael Howard on Good Morning Britain at 7.10. Will make case for the people to have the final say on the Farage/May Brexit deal. 
"Liam Fox has said ...Leave campaigners must now accept that they will not achieve their vision of Brexit." (Does he mean tax avoidance?)   @Hil67 @kmqkatie @lynnesandgate @Kean1S @LibDemPenguin @JeanneBartram @helenyg 
Conclusions in this broadly similar to @ScotGov view. #Brexit will hit jobs , incomes & investment hard.  Single...  
Conclusions in this broadly similar to @ScotGov view. #Brexit will hit jobs , incomes & investment hard.  Single Market continued membership least harmful as we have said for months... ...Any Brexit deal will hit UK economy - government paper - BBC News  
The House of Commons is tearing itself apart over #Brexit - Do you wish you could send on some substitutes? Who would be yours? pick your #FantasyBench - PM - Foreign Sec & Chancellor & tweet your choices with #FantasyBench  - no current party leaders please! #FBPE #WATON 
Following more reports that #Brexit is awful for the UK, David Davis reveals his "preferred #Brexit scenario".  
Buzzfeed‘s coverage of Brexit and access to relevant government sources keeps getting ever more impressive. Remarkable scoop:  
So soft Brexit costs £32 billion a year, or £615 million pounds per week.Get me a bus and a paintbrush. 
It’s time for the Labour leadership to stop looking to the past and wake up to 2018. Brexit would be a disaster for Britain @Labour4EU @labour4europe #Brexit  
#r4today report about all Brexit scenarios harmful to economy was dominated by report of govt response that: Ah, but that is for the off-the-shelf models & doesn´t include the bespoke models.Is the Govt the last to know that a bespoke deal DOES NOT EXIST?#BBCbias #Remain #ABTV 
What's happening parallels in many ways the 1930s. This is on a world scale, the USA is just our microcosm. Look at the re-election of Putin's proxy in the Czech Republic, the right-wing nationalist resurgence in Poland, Brexit, etc. Putin is Hitler V.2. 
Leaked Brexit report reveals UK worse off whatever deal May strikes  
So the "Lets be poorer while the rich get richer for the next 10-15 yrs" is the brexit you voted for is it?  FFS open your eyes and ears -FACT IS BREXIT WREXIT - as simple as that - THIS IS A RICH MANS BREXIT AND NOT FOR US 
ANY kind of “Brexit” - soft or hard - would hit UK economy says government’s OWN analysis! Growth over the next 15 years could be up to 8% lower than if the UK stayed in the EU. Did we vote to make ourselves poorer? No. #StopBrexit  
》There are 27 other countries in the EU.》31 in the Single Market.》 They represent half a billion people!》Not one has stated that Brexit is a good idea.》We're heading down a motorway on the wrong side, blaming everyone else for driving in the wrong direction#StopBrexit 
If you think there's something wrong with expropriation without compensation then lets have a land referendum since you know the constitution @pierredevos 
Even though the analysis assumes that the UK will agree a trade deal with the US, roll over dozens of the EU’s current trade agreements, and consider loosening regulations after Brexit, there is no scenario that does not leave the country worse off.  
Ireland to hold abortion referendum at the end of May: Ireland will give voters their first chance in 35 years to decide whether to repeal the country's restrictive abortion laws. Thousands of women Irish currently travel abroad for abortions every year:  
No shit Sherlock Brexit would damage UK growth, says leaked cabinet report 
Gavin Williamson anger at Ministry of Defence for FLYING EU FLAGS despite Brexit vote  
Excellent Exceptional Woman #Brexit needs a#MargretThatcher now Stop The Destruction#MakeUKGreatAgain #BritainFirst #4Trump4Peace 
Times political columnist, Rachel Sylvester, says a second Brexit referendum becoming increasingly likely  
The BBC puts it up eight hours after the story breaks, but at least it's the lead. BBC News - Any Brexit deal will hit UK economy - government paper  
Yes, the BBC was more critical of Brexit before, but they've since done everything in their power to avoid any possible accusation of being anti-Brexit.So Brexiters, read this, and be very afraid. 
Any Brexit deal will hit UK economy - government paper  
Clearly in all scenarios #Brexit will hit the UK economy hardThe people that will suffer most are traditional Labour votersIt's founded on xenophobia.Why is Corbyn backing venture capitalists, hedge fund owners and tax evaders like Rees-Mogg, Lilley, Redwood and co ? 
I'm nearly 52. If you're from where I'm from, you're @UKLabour and @Official_BRFC. Just are. Tony Benn had tea at our house. We knew who Our People were. I even joined Militant in the 80s FFS. But I can't vote Labour again until it stops supporting racist #BrexitJust can't 
Irish government commits to holding a referendum on abortion. "I don’t believe the Constitution is the place for making absolute statements about medical, moral and legal issues,” the prime minister says.  
Brexit would damage UK growth, says leaked cabinet report  
6/6 It allows a simple majority to draw a four year map without a minority vote - and does NOT allow a citizen referendum. We are shut out of the process if it goes to simple majority. @OhFairDistricts @OhioEnviro 
Buzzfeed: The assessment, which is titled “EU Exit Analysis – Cross Whitehall Briefing” and dated January 2018, looked at three of the most plausible Brexit scenarios based on existing EU arrangements.  
A new Brexit referendum looks ever more likely.What once seemed politically out of the question is now ever more probable.Polls show 58% of voters now support a final say vote on Brexit - a 16 point lead.Time to @StopBrexit.#FBPE #FinalSayForAll 
German citizens are with you! Take your country back! #Brexit 
Irish referendum on whether to repeal a 35-year-old constitutional ban on abortion will test how far attitudes have shifted in a country that was once a bastion of Roman Catholic conservatism  
The UK will be worse off in EVERY Brexit scenario, says leaked Government report.Brexit will make us 5-9% poorer, says the secret Brexit impact assessment. No wonder ministers tried to hide it. Let’s #StopBrexit and fund the NHS instead.#FBPE #Remain  
And the Daily Mail hasn't covered this story, at all.It's almost as if it might take some time to spin this into a story that doesn't make Brexit look like the most ridiculous act of self-harm in British history.  
Corbyn told: don't hide behind leftwing myths on single market'Time 4 the Labour party 2 come off the fence over Brexit, MPs & unions tell leader'Corbyn isn't on the bloody fence; he backs #Brexit wants 2 #Remain outside the SM/CU & denies us a #FinalSay 
A 3-year #transitionperiod after #Brexit where the #UK stays in the #singlemarket, the #customsunion and the jurisdiction of the #ECJ is unacceptable.  #BBC #SKY @BBC @LBC #LBC @ConHome #UK @CCHQPress #Tories #JacobReesMogg @Conservatives #Conservatives 
Instead of the Brexit impact assessments being the PRIMARY public documents at the time of the Referendum... we're discovering them through LEAKS 2 years later.Anyone else feeling angry?  
“The authentic #Tory #JacobReesMogg, A True #Brexiteer & #Statesman!”  #BBC #SKY @BBC @LBC #LBC @ConHome #UK @CCHQPress #Tories @Jacob_Rees_Mogg @Conservatives #Conservatives #ConservativeParty #UKIP #BREXIT #FAKEBREXIT #MayMustGo #EU #MoggMentum 
after Fox & David fold , Farage comment on second referendum isn't looking quite so stupid.  
More @cbcnews Ireland to hold abortion referendum in late May.  
Brexit will not happen. "Take back control" gets trumped by "They are hiding the information" And if Corbyn doesn't change his mind on Single Market and Customs Union tomorrow he is a fool not to grab the excuse that he "didn't know until now." 
Angela Merkel left journalists laughing uproariously after mocking Theresa May's negotiating skills.Everyone knows Brexit is based on lies and fantasies. May isn't even fooling herself.It's time to come clean, and #StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
Work on the Brexit forecasts document was led by the Treasury, plus mandarins from Cabinet Office Brexit unit. David Davis' views on these predictions said to reflect his statements on previous HMT predictions.  
Treasury and Cabinet Office Mandarins Behind Brexit Doom Document:  
Confirms @scotgov analysis & begs the question why are UK Government so determined to press on with such obvious disaster when they know England voted for Brexit based on falsehoods & polls show UK majority now favour remain?  Tories deserve to suffer a huge electoral  backlash.  
If Brexit were to be likened to execution by electric chair then:Hard Brexit - 10000 voltsSoft Brexit - 5000 volts Transition - 240 volts Implementation - 240 volts(I know, the same right?)Still execution, still dead. 
ACSC Board passed motion (5-0) to place a 2019 referendum tax levy fund question on ballot May 8, 2018. $9,463,797 (35.36 cents per $100AV). 
*Brexit is falling apart* 
Has to come a moment, surely, when @Jacob_Rees_Mogg realises that calls for a stronger #PM, a tough line with the #EU on #Brexit, are, quite simply, falling on deaf ears. At that point, Jacob must grab the reins of power and bid for it! If he does not, the @Conservatives are lost 
This is scary stuff. Brexit analyses could actually be much worse.The US & UK figures regarding trade in services differs by 33 BILLION QUID!!!We stuffed our hands down the back of our economic model sofas and think we've found £4bn of the difference. Where's the other £29bn?  
another bad day for May, @Conservatives, Stephen Hawking and Dr win Judicial Review... Mays lies about Brexit, the facts were accidently leaked to the newspapers, well fancy that, Brexit is cruising the whole of the UK towards disaster and the crooks don.t want us to know...WHY? 
Day 586 since Brexit vote: We Remainers are reduced to an underground movement because reason is banned in Brexit Britain. We claim Brexit will damage the economy; not so clever to work it out since Gov'ts own impact assessments show it, but mustn't say cos it undermines morale. 
May faces new row over Brexit transition as Barnier stands firm  
31/ And it is. Brexit is nothing more than the theft of your future at your own expense. Still at least we have  jam  
Fascinating, frank and passionate discussion with @yanisvaroufakis @heidi_mp @Alison_McGovern @ChukaUmunna @laboursinglemkt tonight - exposing #Brexit and #Lexit myths! 
Mundell and Davidson after recent revelations on the impact of Brexit:  
Proof of #BBCBias...The BBC acknowledged that while Parliament could block Brexit in theory, it was ‘very unlikely given that a majority of people voted for Brexit in the referendum’. 
Did Ruth Davidson know about Brexit analysis and the damage it will do Scotland? Will our media even ask her?  
“Tomorrow on GMS @BBCScotlandNews we ask why the ScottishGov failed to warn Scots about the real cost of Brexit. We’ll be speaking to our friends Anas and Murdo for an objective commentary..”  
Brexit is embarrassing. Far from making the UK look like a great nation, it makes us look like a pathetic little island, stuck in the 1940s.Too nostalgic to let go of yesterday’s enemies, and too xenophobic to accept they’re now our allies. 
MPs, party donors and Brexit report pile the pressure on the PM  
Brexit would damage UK growth, says leaked cabinet report  
Chickens are coming home to roost.UK Gov knew #Brexit was bad for UKTheir millionaire chums know it's bad for UKThey deliberately hid the truth from usThey obfuscated, deflected & deceived usThey MUST be held to account.Enough! We want our country back!#WATON #StopBrexit 
Ireland formally committed to hold a historic referendum on abortion, confirming that a vote will be held by the end of May  
Why France’s decision to lend a medieval tapestry to Britain could have many interpretations in the age of Brexit:  
It’s official: “taking back control” means we will all be worse off in the short term.  When Brexiters say Brexit is not just about money, they might consider what this means for those less fortunate  via @financialtimes 
The government's new analysis of the impact of Brexit says that the UK would be worse off outside the EU under every scenario modelled, according to BuzzFeed.It says that leaving the EU will negatively affect every region & almost every industry.#FBPE 
Pls RT: Our statement reacting to Government plans for a referendum on the 8th Amendment. #loveboth #8committee  
It's been confirmed. A referendum on abortion reform in Ireland will be held by the end of May.  
"The assessment seen by BuzzFeed News is being kept tightly guarded inside government." Wonder why? A DExEU source told BuzzFeed News: "Because it's embarrassing." It says all forms of Brexit screw us long-term. Oh. Is that not common knowledge yet? 
So, Brexiters. Who to believe:The UK Govt, who say #Brexit will be a disaster?The EU, who say #Brexit will be a disaster?The CBI, who say #Brexit will be a disaster?Or Daz down the pub, who voted Leave because he didn't understand the question?  
shocked. I tell you I'm shocked....its almost like there's a really good reason why David Davis didn't want to actually do his homework on Brexit before trying to negotiate...#brexithaos 
Brexit has, and always will be, about England's misguided judgements based on an unwillingness to critique itselfThe democratic deficiency between the nation's of the "United" Kingdom only emphasises this 
We go live to Brexit  
The Government's own Brexit analysis says Britain will be worse off whatever the deal 
Numbers from @BESResearch fascinating - confirm what I saw on ground - spike in turnout of “young people” between 2015 & 2017 was in fact under 45s... these are double digit increases in short period... got to see a referendum role here: (via @NCPoliticsUK ) 
We are poorer. Under every single f*cking scenario.It's not Project Fear, it's Project wake the F*ck up. EEA -2% !!FTA -5% !!!WTO -8% !!!!!!!!!!!!Are you kidding me?! F*ck the Tories and their Brexit. 
So produce your own projections. It’s easy to just screech FAKE NEWS. Why don’t you tell us precisely what the benefits are, what deals await the UK post-#Brexit and how they will compensate for the impact, you utter soapy titwank.  
Dismissing the leaked Treasury impact studies - which show UK could be up to 8% worse off after Brexit - Jacob Rees-Mogg get his expert economists working on some alternative figures.  
“If they used the same type of gravity models that the Treasury used prior to Brexit, those were comprehensively wrong” - @Jacob_Rees_Mogg on the government’s Brexit impact assessment as seen by BuzzFeed News #newsnight 
We got a EU fellowship funded  yesterday. We now have around €4 M  of EU funds in our lab @UofGlasgow. This funding is critical to employ people from all round the world with important skills we need for UK science - yet we have no post Brexit plan. Can I suggest no Brexit? 
Game on folks! The government's own analysis is showing Brexit to be a dead duck hidden under a cheap plastic swan wearing lipstick.A #FinalSayForAll is becoming an inevitability and a necessity, not a pipe dream. 
The game's up! It's the Government's own figures.It's the beginning of the end for #BrexitStart preparing for a referendum at the back end of 2018.We can #ExitFromBrexit #FBPE 
1. The #Brexit question has always been one of what sort of relationship we want with the EU if not actual membership. Brexiters bleat "we just want trade" failing to note that regulatory harmonisation is central to free movement of goods. 
Now we know why the @DExEUgov - run by Brexiters - didn’t want to acknowledge that this analysis even existed. Utterly damning and precisely why the British people are entitled to keep an open mind on what happens at the end of the #Brexit process  
And the sectors and regions that will suffer the most? Those that needed the most help and support in the first place. Brexit is not a remedy for our divided society, it’s a poison that will exacerbate it.  
A secret UK government analysis shows Britain will be left worse off under all Brexit scenarios – with key sectors among the hardest hit  
The civil service's negative post-Brexit scenario's worst case is that GDP will be 8% lower in 15 years. Roughly 0.5% a year worse. These people were some 3% out on predicting last year. If they can't predict 1 year ahead they have no idea about 15 years time. 
We have our referendum. Feeling so much pride in everyone who has poured their energy into getting us to this point. If we convinced Martin and Varadkar, we can convince our families and friends. We can do this. #repealthe8th 
Some polls show 85% of 16-17 year olds DON'T WANT #BREXIT.They didn't get a vote in the 2016 EU referendum.If #Brexit isn't going to happen until 2020 then they, and all those who will be of voting age, deserve a say in their future.#2ndReferendum#StopBrexit#FBPE 
The Govt's own analysis says that even if all the wishful trade deals come off, and even if we weaken our environment, lower the standards that keep us safe, and lessen our workers rights, Brexit still makes us poorer.It's time to stop it, we are better as we are.#StopBrexit 
If a late May referendum comes to pass, we have 16 weeks to voting day.  Get active now - sign up, volunteer, join a local group or donate RT - We have 1 chance and lots of work to do but together we can #repealthe8th#8Committee 
Our "caretaker" PM is NOT having a great 2018   A TOXIC cocktail of*Brexit - going badly*Tories - revolting*Calls for her to go* "Burning injustices"- in the long grass*Poverty- up*Homelessness-up*Public Services -at breaking pointMAYBE it is time for you to go Theresa ! 
The Irish Cabinet gave the go-ahead for a referendum to relax the country's strict abortion laws, 35 years after the Catholic-majority country enshrined abortion as a crime in its constitution  
The vote to leave happened June 2016.#Brexit won't "happen" until December 2020.14, 15, 16 and 17-year-olds who didn't get a vote in the referendum deserve a say in their future! #2ndReferendumOur generation DOES NOT want this future being thrust upon us!#FBPE #StopBrexit 
So now we know. According to DExEU, the UK will lose 2% GDP under soft Brexit, 5% under hard Brexit and 8% under no-deal.  
This is our referendum.This is our time.These are our lives.These are OUR bodies.These are our voices. Let's not stop using them until we've crossed that line. Together we KNOW we can #repealthe8th. 
Rees-Mogg lets hardBrexiteer cat out of bag on @BBCNewsnight by saying Brexit benefit means cutting tariffs on food, clothes & footwear. Clear aim wll be to compensate for Brexit economic damage by cheap food policy but wonder what NFU thinks & how it squares with open IRL border 
Tory Jacob Rees-Mogg on EU #Brexit terms:"We would take for the first time since 1066 laws imposed on us by a foreign power without having a say over it ourselves."Talking abt England; not a union with Scotland, Wales & N Ireland. Proof that Brexit is abt England. #Newsnight 
Mogg on News night discussing the EU transition offer: "We would take, for the first time since 1066, laws imposed on us by a foreign power" There are no words. 
Emily Maitlis finally confronts Rees-Mogg with the economic misery that will follow a hard Brexit. He has no answer except to rubbish the models that suggest it. I've never seen one economic model that concludes prosperity will follow from any sort of Brexit.#FBPE #WATON 
Interestingl a Journalist on Scotland Tonight let slip that there is evidence come out this evening that the UK gov did produce Analysis on Brexit for the entire UK. They simply kept it secret while the Scottish gov made it public on Analysis for Scotland We deserve the truth 
BAsically past few days like the top has blown off tensions that have been constrained and restrained - we now have threats, accusations, leaks of Whatsapp groups on either wing, and now a leak of top secret Brexit impact assessment 
Each and every sort of brexit is worse for you, your family and your community. This chimes with the Scottish government’s analysis, published earlier this month.  
When looking at excellent Buzzfeed scoop on GDP drop from Brexit scenarios, watch for the headline figures to be converted into a drop in tax revenue from every scenario, and consequent impact on public spending and/or deficit. You can argue with projections: but valid to ask q 
- this I took as a clear threat to defect if either Rees Mogg or Johnson were to become leader... “if their concern is about remaining in a transition period... perhaps they should back a second referendum?” 
This should have been carried out and published BEFORE the referendum was held. The fact that it wasn’t invalidates the result. People LITERALLY did not know they were voting for this.  
“We welcome the Cabinet’s formal agreement this evening to hold a referendum on the Eighth Amendment and the Taoiseach’s announcement that he will be campaigning to #repealthe8th. This is a momentous point in our campaign to repeal the Eighth Amendment." @ailbhes 
When @scotgov published analysis two weeks ago showing the cost of Brexit, some Tories accused us of scaremongering. Thanks to this leak, we now know the UK government is sitting on analysis which comes to precisely the same conclusions.  
The Government's own Brexit analysis says the UK will be worse off in every scenario outside the EU.Leaving the EU would hit almost every sector and region in the UK, says secret new Brexit impact assessment.Just crazy. We need to #StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
#Brexit summed up in a meme  
Four months until a proposed referendum. Tonight’s press conference is historic and I hope that it’s a sign that empathy and women’s voices will be at the core of the conversation. Mind yourself. It’s going to be a long and exhausting quarter. 
In tonight’s Brexit news avalanche: Trade Sec Liam Fox tells The Sun that Brexiters have to “accept the reality” that there are not the numbers in Parliament for hard/clean Brexit, & defends Hammond 
Even this insane government’s own reports say Brexit puts everyone worse off by a minimum of 2% for fifteen years.And people are still buying this turkey.Genuinely, in the witchiest way possible, may you all get what you deserve. 
Ireland to hold abortion referendum at the end of May offering voters 1st opportunity in 35 years to overhaul some of the world's strictest abortion laws. 
Thought the "let's get some officials to model decades down the line" schtick had been road-tested to destruction in referendum, but no. Here it comes again. Pointless. 
I know we talk about Brexit being a difficult process but has anyone ever tried to load ITV player. 
2016 Brexiters: "The UK will prosper like never before after Brexit"2018 Brexiters:"The UK Will Be Worse Off In Every Scenario Outside The EU" 
If the referendum is passed, a doctor-led, safe and legal system for the termination of pregnancy will be introduced. Safe, legal & rare. No longer an article in the Constitution, but rather a private & personal matter for women & doctors. 
Audio of "Arguing for a Norway Plus Brexit from the perspective of a committed Corbyn supporter" – Address at the House of Commons, 29 JAN 2018  
The Government's own Brexit impact assessments say the UK will be worse off under any #Brexit scenario. When asked why they won't release them, a @DExEUgov source said: "Because it's embarrassing"... 
Irish government agrees to hold referendum on liberalising abortion laws at end of May, PM says  
Brexit Dept economists say ALL versions of Brexit makes us poorer #BrexitShambles #StopBrexitSaveBritain #WATON #ABTV 
On the government’s own Brexit impact analysis  
All of the U.K.'s #Brexit plans for leaving the European Union will hurt the country’s economy, according to a government report reviewed by BuzzFeed News  
Historic announcement of #RepealThe8th referendum by Taoiseach - says collective act of leadership necessary to show compassion and empathy 
Civil servants predict Brexit assessments & outcomes poor. Gosh what a surprise ..  
The government's leaked Brexit analysis was due to be shown to cabinet ministers in the presence of top civil servants – with all copies collected afterwards to ensure nothing damaging leaked to the media, @SamCoatesTimes reported yesterday.  
Many of Labour's #Remain voters & members still cling to the hope that the party will do the right thing. But if Labour acts as the midwife of #Brexit many of them will never forgive him or the party.  Labour will be doomed to a decade or more in opposition.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
This evening the Cabinet gave formal approval to the holding of a referendum on abortion which will be held in late May or early June this year.  
The Bad Boys Of Brexit  
The UK government’s own analysis shows every part of the UK will be worse off under every Brexit scenario.Big question for both @Theresa_May and @JeremyCorbyn - why are they  determined to make the whole country poorer by dragging us out of the single market and customs union? 
Brexit is fucking ruining this country. Leaver, Remainer, it’s all we ever talk about. There’s no upside. There are so many terrible things going on in this world but a bunch of liars convinced enough people to make Brexit all consuming for years. In the meantime people suffer. 
real Govt draft Brexit impact assessment prepared this month... benefits from new trade deals 0.1-0.4% vs 2-8% costs  
I fought tooth and nail for months to get these studies. Now the government won’t publish them because they show that in every scenario Brexit will hit our economy across all sectors and regions. Stop keeping the public in the dark @DavidDavisMP @DExEUgov.  
.@Theresa_May will reject EU’s proposed deal on the #Brexit transition period and go into battle next week over freedom of movement and so-called “rule taking” | @Telegraph #ImWithMay 
The government's own Brexit impact reports say there is no #Brexit scenario that doesn't make us poorer. Even leave voters said they didn't want to be a penny poorer because of Brexit.#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
The government's new analysis of the impact of Brexit says the UK would be worse off outside the European Union under every scenario 
The British government's Brexit impact assessments have been leaked to BuzzFeed and say the UK will be worse off outside the EU in every scenario  
Vital that when Referendum Commission is established there is provision for Irish language material and that the Commission is in a position to provide Irish language speaker to TG4 and RnaG. This did not happen during Marriage Equality referendum. @campaignforleo 
***The government have finally agreed to hold a referendum to remove Article 40.3.33 from the constitution***  
And here are the government economists’ numbers on how Brexit makes the UK poorer on every plausible scenario - as per my last post. How will @theresa_may explain where she is heading on Brexit, let alone @michaelgove and @BorisJohnson? 
You mean the same civil servants & economists who (wrongly) predicted a recession & 500,000 job losses if we voted Leave now claim Brexit will be bad for our economy? Well, knock me down with a feather! *faints*  
14,000 followers. After the referendum in frustration I hung a single flag over the M40 and tweeted it after being inspired by #ElisaDiFrancisca the 1st Olympian ever to fly an EU flag at the Olympics. It got thousands of retweets. Now EUFM is a movement. Respect #FBPE #WATON 
So back in September Theresa May begged EU for 2 more years and UK media (complicit utterly in the Brexit disaster) reported it as done.  Now today in 2mins EU27 give offer of just 21 months on their terms!!  Not just UK Gov hopeless here "UK media" help their delusions 
Reminding everyone of the simple principle that May and her lot would not want you to know: a referendum has supremacy over parliament and a decision taken by a referendum is out of bounds for parliament. And if it doesn't like it, it is disbanded. #Brexit 
Government's "secret" Brexit impact analyis summarised by @AlbertoNardelli All options bad, but staying in Single Market better than FTA; & FTA better than Hard Brexit. Deals with US etc small compensation.  Just as independent economists said all along.   
#Brexit Getting pissed off everyday same Remoaners, Libtards, and Snowflakes trying to derail Brexit. Never stops FFS 17 million voted leave we’re leaving. Stop  it usual bloody bores. Tony Blair, Alastair Campbell, Chuka Umunna, Ken Clarke, Anna  Soubry and idiot Owen Jones  
The Cabinet has agreed to hold a referendum on the Eighth Amendment. 
The pressure mounts on Theresa May's administration as another Tory MP, Marcus Fysh in the Telegraph today calls for a true 'Brexit Cabinet', slamming certain people who "see economics as more important than anything else, including sovereignty".  
They’ve got it: @AlbertoNardelli has seen the Brexit economic impact assessment currently being shown to cabinet one by one  
The analysis shines a light on the core of May's challenge: possibility of mitigating the damage of Brexit is in regulatory divergence and FTAs, but the more the UK diverges the greater the barriers with its biggest market and the economic hit 
Now you see them, now you don’t... #impactassessments This Brexit analysis should be made public. In full. Without the cloak & dagger effect of last year. Over to @DExEUgov... 
Exclusive: The government's own Brexit analysis says the UK will be worse off in every scenario outside the EU.A new impact assessment, seen by BuzzFeed News, says leaving the EU will adversely hit almost every sector and every UK region. 
#BREAKING: Cabinet has agreed to hold an abortion referendum by the end of May. 
Cabinet has agreed: 1. To hold abortion referndum by the end of May. 2. That the wording will ask voters to 'Repeal and Enable'. 3. Establish Referendum Commission. Harris to prepare legislation for abortion up to 12 weeks but that discussion will continue. #BREAKING 
SCOOP: The Government's Own Brexit Analysis Says The UK Will Be Worse Off In Every Scenario Outside The EU  
We have seen the UK’s Brexit analysis. It shows that Britain will be worse off outside the single market and customs union under all modelled scenarios  
Does anyone seriously think we would be heading now to an extreme right wing stuff-the-poor Brexit if Corbyn had allowed Labour MPs to vote with their consciences on this issue? He must take his share of the blame. 
Igbo presidency is worth a little more than kindergarten fables to the present day Igbo. We'd prefer a restructured polity based on regional federalism, resource control & derivative principles instead. If that's not possible, a referendum for independence suffices. 
Sadly since Brexit here in deepest Bavaria a once very respected Britain is laughed at with a lot if head shaking as to how it could self-inflict such chaos with no clue as to the outcome just a jump into oblivion whilst the Tory grandees rub there hands with glee at big profits 
Crunch time for Brexit, PM must ask EU for a free trade deal before 2019 or else we go to WTO, no more pussyfooting around as their terms are unacceptable, if we don’t stand up for Britain, no one else will. 
Labour MUST stand up for all those who are going to be affected by Brexit. We all know labour is a PRO EUROPEAN party.  its needs to wake up and get back behind its principles of speaking up for Europe if you are still in labour and proud Europeans Then you should join @Labour4EU 
If I were Theresa May, I'd resign, call the mother of all press conferences, and tell the truth about Brexit. It would transform her reputation and might just save the country. 
Deeney-Sturridge-Rondon. Tears in my eyes, Pards is creating the Brexit MSN at West Brom 
Just sitting and waiting patiently for @theresa_may to get airlifted out of Number 10.Sit back. Relax and enjoy the ride.Tick tock tick tock.#ReleaseTheUK #Brexit  
I think it's wonderful the way people who go on about the bloody Tories and Brexit almost always manage to conveniently forget the fact Corbyn is backing them every step of the way. 
The day Corbyn rejects Brexit will be the day I take him seriously as a leader  
Rubbish! You've clearly made a reference to the EU referendum result which is political. You could have made an advert to do with European ancestry without referencing leaving anything. 
The Mogg is right – a soft Philip Hammond Brexit would be electoral suicide for the Tories  
Hard Brexit pressure group Leave EU using the term 'Britain First'. Not a good look given that far-right terrorist Thomas Mair ranted this in court, and leaders of Britain First are themselves facing charge  
Not demands @BBCNews, just the guidelines agreed by the other 27 sovereign countries. Our minority #Brexit government is demanding to leave and is making demands.  
The EU’s proposed deal for a Brexit transition could lead to a "perpetual purgatory”, says Jacob Rees-Mogg  
Crikey, this is a must read for any Remainer. Leavers might do well to read it and then might understand with more clarity the reasons some of their leaders have been pushing the Brexit agenda... who benefits?  
I'm sitting in a Berlin pub right now, far away from Brexit. But for some reason, as part of their conversation, a group of Germans on a nearby table just mentioned Boris Johnson, and laughed out loud with Schadenfreude.No bullshit.We are now a European joke.#FBPE 
This....Thatcher understood what Europe should be. As she said, it would be “a folly” to try and merge it into a superstate. She was pro-European but only so far. Hard on border control and individual country identity.#Brexit now  
Andy Wigmore – Number 2 at Leave EU Official – a vastly important player in the Brexit referendum was, at the time of the EU Referendum campaign, a foreign diplomat, employed by Belieze.  
The entire Brexit lobby on Twitter today:“Leaving the EU is going to SUCK! Why did nobody tell us this?” 
We need to be very firm & say:‘look, we're very interested in a full partnership & we extend free trade to you without WTO tariffs if that's what you would like.But if you're NOT prepared do that NOW, then we’ll leave without an agreement.’#Brexit #EU 
For or against Brexit. There is no long game. The way I see it, @UKLabour under Corbyn's leadership is for Brexit. Brexit, for the few, not the many.  
This is still a massive story about the crooked forces behind Brexit.The EU has a huge beet-sugar industry. Foreign cane-sugar is saddled with tariffs. Tate and Lyle imports non-EU cane sugar. David Davis used to work for them. Join the dots#FBPE 
If #Brexit is such a good idea, why are the rats abandoning ship?A case of *do as I say, not as I do*?I'm not anybody's serf. They can bog off & take #Brexit with them. #BrexitBetraysBritain. We don't have to go through with the #DisasterCapitaists' plot. Let's #StopBrexit 
EU citizenship is being taken away from 16 million voters who voted to stay in the EU.It is also being taken away from 1.5 million 16-18 year olds and 3.3 million EU residents in the UK - who weren’t allowed to vote.Brexit is not the will of the people. It never has been. 
 #MERKEL RIDICULES #BREXIT DEMANDS OF  #MAY She barely skated through German elections and coalition with the narrowest of margins  WONDERING HOW SHE 'LL EVER NEGOTIATE WITH  #TRUMP WONDERING WHY MANY APATHETIC GERMANS VOTED FOR HER   
Has to come a moment, surely, when @Jacob_Rees_Mogg realises that calls for a stronger PM, a tough line with the EU on Brexit, are, quite simply, falling on deaf ears. At that point, Jacob must grab the reins of power and bid for it! If he does not, the Tories are a lost lot. 
Leading Open Britain supporter @Alison_McGovern says there's no such thing as a 'jobs-first Brexit' outside of the Single Market. @laboursinglemkt 
All we now need is for it to come out that Prince Charles has been secretly editing the Brexit Bill on behalf of a shadowy multinational homeopathy cartel and the farce is complete. 
We have given her a chance , she has sat on the fence far too long regarding Brexit , in fact what happened to " Brexit means Brexit " the party needs to be represented by a Brexiteer , therefore representing the vote to leave. 
In due course I may pass the life in the UK test, but I will never understand how the UK population meekly accepts the aristocrat coup that is Brexit, with people like Rees-Mogg at the helm of it, and Labour gently obliging, while the civil rights of millions are taken away! 
All UK/EU deals must be agreed by March 29th 2019 when we leave. @theresa_may Any period after that will be 'colouring in' not fundamental agreements. If you can't see/won't stand up for that (for the UK who you represent), you need to go now. #Brexit 
A powerful cabalTory MPs accused of breaching rules to funnel taxpayer cash into secret hard-Brexit lobby group 
.@Jacob_Rees_Mogg is right. A soft Hammond Brexit would be electoral suicide for the Conservative Party | my latest for the @Telegraph (citing research by @ProfTimBale @philipjcowley& @YouGov) 
Today's #TanjasDaily is about abuse and Brexit -- and why calling it out sometimes is important to me. Sorry this is long, but I needed a bit of time to talk that through. Take it also as a big thanks for all the supportive messages xx  
#Malta Parliament debates changes to #electoral law & constitution lowering voting age to 16 yrs- enabling young people to vote in national #elections, referendum & @Europarl_EN elections in 2019. 2nd #EU country to lower voting age to 16yrs - #Vote16 @JuliaFarrugia @MaltaGov 
I see so many conversations on here between people who voted for Brexit & those who voted Remain. The thing is, being horrible to one another won’t change anything. In fact, all it seems to do is set people more firmly in their views & close them off to further discussion. 
Any deal with the European Union must end the supremacy of the European Court of Justice. #Brexit  
More than 33,000 nurses walked away last year - a rise of 20% since 2012-13. Now more than ever, we need EU nationals working for our health service, but instead we are showing them the door. Brexit really is the gift that keeps giving..  
The #Brexit vote was a binary process. It did not specify how, says @yanisvaroufakis at @laboursinglemkt. There is a very good argument from the Left for the transnationality that the #EU creates, he continues. 
Ken Clarke in Speaker’s House making factual point most Con Ministers & MPs, plus Labour spokespeople & MPs, are implementing Brexit despite opposing it. So much for Parliamentary sovereignty and taking back control 
Davis and Barnier clash over when #Brexit talks should be completed.Clown Davis can't even get the basics right. 
As a declared Corbynista I'm here to give the case for Norway Plus, says @yanisvaroufakis at @laboursinglemkt. 'We have a progressive duty to save that which can be salvaged from the #Brexit wreckage' he continues. 
"There certainly is a way back for Britain. But stopping Brexit will not mean turning back the clock."   
.@Alison_McGovern warns that Brexit has the ability to severely damage manufacturing in the UK  
“Supporting Brexit will destroy UK. Opposing Brexit will destroy Tories” - Tory MPHigh time Tories put our country…BEFORE THEMSELVES 
Hard-hitting interview with Germany’s outgoing Ambassador to the UK.  He talks a lot of sense about the causes of Brexit and what it will bring. But will we listen? Will we fuck.  The delusions are too deeply ingrained. #BrexitShambles  
“If we aren’t careful then Brexit will finish what Margaret Thatcher started”. Staying in the Single Market and Customs Union is the best way to protect worker’s rights and keep our businesses trading with our closest neighbours #laboursinglemkt 
Theresa May leadership under THREAT: MPs round on PM in BATTLE to save FULL BREXIT  
Standing room only @laboursinglemkt event w/@yanisvaroufakis. The excellent @heidi_mp debunking myths on #Brexit and reinforcing the importance of a clear #Labour position to protect jobs and the #economy. #LabourSingleMKT 
And that's the essence of the current problem. They can't both be delivered, but both are democratically mandated by the Referendum. So what's the answer to that? It can't be just to say 'I believe in democracy' when democracy has supported mutually exclusive policies. 
Corbyn says he wants a meaningful vote on the final deal, but not a 2nd Referendum.Apparently contradictory positions, but there is subtle difference: he can whip his intimidated MPs to go along with Brexit. Self before party before country. 
.@LiamFox is spending millions of public money to prop up his failing department. He is pestering and pleading with UK businesses, whom he once described as lazy, to export, as the catastrophic effects of #Brexit become clear . 
Speculation about fall of a PM is near constant-eg Wilson from 1968 (he fought 3 more elections and won a referendum on EU);  Blair from 2001 until his departure in 2007; G Brown from Oct 2007 to 2010 election etc. Perhaps May will fall soon..and perhaps not. 
EU tells Donald Trump: If you want a trade war, you'll get one  
EU to UK: You won’t set rules during Brexit transition “If you leave, you leave. If you decided democratically to get out of the decision-making process — as the Brits decided to do with the referendum — you cannot remain in the decision-making process” 
Great so we've now got to pay 27% extra for our passports!I wonder if this is to contribute to the £490m cost for the shitty new blue cover design?What a GOD.DAMN.MESS this country is in!#Brexit #StopBrexit #ToriesOut #FBPE 
Packed room for @laboursinglemkt event in Parliament with @yanisvaroufakis @heidi_mp @Alison_McGovern @ChukaUmunna #Brexit  
Cash demands an answer to the key question: "In short, does the government reject this [EU] council decision as inconsistent with our leaving the European Union?" Come on then May! Do what you promised & deliver Brexit!  
This.It's why I hate the idea of Brexit and why I will fight to #StopBrexit every single day.#FBPE is our tool to end this irresponsible piece of rightwing press fuelled nonsense. 
Can the European Research Group please repay the £315,000 it has siphoned off the public purse to pursue the objectives of a total Brexit even when it undermines Government policy? 
Remain voters destroyed Tories’ majority by flocking to Labour as 'best bet' to stop hard Brexit, huge election study finds  
European Commission says it will act "swiftly and appropriately" over Trump's tariff threat The EU has the power to stand up to the USA. #Brexit Britain would just be a victim of US bullying. #StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON #Brexit 
remember when people used to pretend the no confidence vote was because of brexit, rather than brexit being an excuse for the attempted coup  
The Referendum was not about how much to compromise with the EU. The Referendum was plainly to Leave the EU or to Remain in the EU. The majority democratically voted Leave, and we must therefore leave with no excuses, compromises or delays. #Sovereign 
.@itvwestcountry  covering shortages of GPs in #Yeovil Since Brexit Referendum, thousands of EU Doctors leaving and dramatic  fall in EU Doctors arriving.Brexit is a self inflicted gaping wound.  
Labour needs to set out a clear alternative to BREXIT.Retweet if you agree please.  
Nicola Sturgeon has challenged Richard Leonard to clarify his “feeble” position on Brexit. 
So now your hearing things. This Brexit Business really is discombobulating so many.  
We're IN the Transition Period NOW Theresa @theresa_may It ends on March 29th 2019, WHEN WE LEAVE. Get on with it woman. #Brexit  
Australia has free trade agreements with the US, China and New Zealand. The EU doesn't. Japan has free trade deals with Indonesia and the Philippines. The EU doesn't. The UK can and will strike mutually favourable bilateral free trade agreements with over 40 countries on Brexit. 
We need a #Brexit Cabinet, not this one with Remainers dooming us to failure, writes Conservative MP Marcus Fysh 
.@guyverhofstadt Can all of us who voted remain please retain our EU citizenship. The 52% can have their blue passports and join the queue. #Brexit #BrexitShambles 
Carney Says Brexit Has Cost Economy `Tens of Billions' of Pounds10s of billions that could help raise wages and fund the #NHS, welfare and investment... But hey ho it's #Brexit#StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON 
Are you happy with politicians toying with your future, just so that they can protect themselves? I'm not & so I'm calling them out and demanding the truth about Brexit. What we'll get will NOT be what we voted for. #StopBrexit : it won't work for us. Are you a #RemainerNow? 
'There's only 35 of them!' Anna Soubry tears into hard Brexit Tories in fiery Commons clash  
Soon the MSM & RW Press will turn on @theresa_may & the @CONservatives. They know they can’t rely on trying to pin the blame on @jeremycorbyn for the state the country is in.Brexit is ruinous & belongs entirely to the Tories; they’ll never be forgiven for doing such damage. 
Brexit trade SHOCK: Barnier tells UK Brussels MUST consent to any future trade talks  This is NOT what ANY Brexiteer voted for @Number10gov pull your bloody socks up, ppl didnt lend their vote for your deceit 
“All of this begs the question of why the government not only presented a Bill in this form, but then actively sought to scupper amendments designed to improve it.”Me on the parlous state of #EUWithdrawalBill & the need for extensive red pen in the Lords. #Brexit  
Ha!Lots of *knee jerks* & grumpy #Brexiters over EU Transition rules !WHY ?We KNEW these rules would apply !I think MANY of us on Twitter are MORE knowledgeable & informed than the incompetent #Brexit team led by Davis. 
“When is the government going to stand up against the hard Brexiteers?”Conservative MP @Anna_Soubry says there is a danger “we will sleepwalk into a disastrous Brexit”.  
A powerful cabalTory MPs accused of breaching rules to funnel taxpayer cash into secret hard-Brexit lobby group 
The saddest part of the EU #Brexit guidelines just published.  
Hugely ironic, then, that the self-described patriots who elected Trump and swung Brexit have, in both cases, succeeded in turning their beloved respective countries into the laughing stock of the international community..... 
We voted for Brexit (us deciding, not them), yet today I hear about three EU spokespeople announcing on a stage what Britain WILL do in the coming years because they’re telling us to This, to me is quite simply NOT ON, Mrs May! Step aside! Clear you can’t do this! #BREXIT 
Regardless of leader, the Tories can't fight another GE on delivering Brexit.Brexit  means BRINOBRINO means Corbyn  
If the Lords try to block Brexit, we might get a democratic two-for-one: escaping the EU and getting an elected House of Lords. My latest @theipaper column: 
Eurosceptics are increasingly concerned the Brexit transition could make Britain—in effect—a non-voting member of the EU, writes James Forsyth  
The London Magazine - Lord Adonis   "I don’t see why the country should damage itself so grievously on the basis of the first referendum when, to be frank, a pack of lies were told, starting with the £350 million a week for the NHS.” 
What a crazy idea that Britain can't negotiate trade deals with other nations while it's in the process of leaving the EU! Brussels makes up these rules as it goes along. Of course it should negotiate and sign them. That's the whole point of an orderly #Brexit 
Patrick Blower on Brexit and Ikea founder Ingvar Kamprad who dies in Sweden at 91 - political cartoon gallery in Putney  
Is brexit even legal? Can they really strip me of my EU citizenship on the basis of lies, racism and fraud?#IamEuropean 
If only the politicians had done some/any homework BEFORE the Brexit Referendum, they wouldn't have made promises which are completely undeliverable - only options now = #StopBrexit & fix UK problems or #CrashOutOfEU & cause UK even more trauma? @SkySportsNews @MumsnetTowers @GMB 
Outgoing German Ambassador to UK, Dr Peter Ammon telling some home truths about British nationalism, WW2 & the illusions of Brexit negotiations.  
The Cabinet meeting on the #repealthe8th referendum is ongoing as we speak - let's hope we'll have good news this evening. 
#EU27 ministers adopted negotiating directives for the #Brexit negotiations detailing the EU27 position on a transition period to last until 31 Dec. 2020For more details, see the meeting page:  
WE ALL FALL DOWN: DISPATCHES FROM THE FRONT LINE OF A HYBRID WARFrom the reality of a critical infrastructure attack, to Russia’s social media army, to Brexit’s dark side.As ever, over to you.Me, via @Byline_Media 
The Government must raise its sights and invest in a full Brexit, not kow-tow to the leaders of big business and their lobby groups, says @RogerBootle 
.@jacob_rees_mogg tells @IainDale he wants the PM to get “tougher” with the EU on Brexit terms, but warns a leadership election would be a “mistake”  
Feels like the Seventies again... give the Brexit Time Machine a bit longer and we’ll back in the Fifties.  
If Britain’s leaving the EU, we’ve surely GOT TO know what the replacement trade deal looks like - so we know where we’re heading? Trouble is, this Government’s ‘implementation’ phase is woeful. Putting a plank on the cliff edge doesn’t make the fall easier. #transition #Brexit 
Dear @BBC please check your reporting on #brexit. There is no "supremacy" of EU law in the UK, and the EU doesn't "force the UK to obey" anything. Stop misleading the public. 
Dear Mr Starmer @Keir_Starmer, you & @UKLabour are complict in this too, your 6 tests mean nothing if people cannot behave in a decent way with each other. Brexit has given legitimacy to hatred. It is time to come down hard on Brexit and stop these horrific attacks.  
Merkel ‘mocked May’s Brexit negotiations’ 
Because he supports #Brexit Corbyn cannot attack the network of often foreign funded #Brexit-pushing think tanks with strong links to the Tories, the Vote Leave campaign, and US right-wing business owners and politicians.Labour is failing to oppose!#StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON 
I think you’ll find that the then PM said he’d trigger Article 50 the day after the referendum so we’d leave the EU on 24 June 2018. You’re really not that bright, are you, Martin?  
David first experimented with Brexit in June 2016. Back then he thought it was just a bit of fun - he could handle it. 19 months on, his Brexit use has spun out of control and the damage from his addiction is clear to see. Kids: if you’re offered Brexit, just say no.  
Barnier says UK cannot agree our own trade deals during the Brexit transition without EU approval & the EU could not guarantee that the U.K. would continue to benefit from existing trade deals because third countries might object. So we become a serf state  
I'm starting to suspect the government, and Brexit itself, could implode before long. 
Brexit trade SHOCK: Barnier tells UK Brussels MUST consent to any future trade talks. May should be in Front Foot, not rolling over for this! Leave No Deal!  
May comes under further fire from Tory MPs as 'the window is closing' on her leadership. Why doesn't Theresa May have a vision for Brexit?  
"The EU position is very clear: the transition will last for 21 months until the 31st of December 2020. The whole EU acquis will continue to apply to the UK, as well as the jurisdiction of the EU Court of Justice". @MichelBarnier #Brexit  
Dubai based New Zealand disaster-capitalist billionaire who funds the Tory & Vote Leave linked, hard #Brexit pushing #Legatum institute (bizarrely a charity) through tax havens buys himself EU citizenship in Malta.#StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON 
Quitting the Single Market as the Tories and Corbyn want will rob ordinary people of their EU citizenship and Freedom of Movement, but it won't affect the super-rich. #Brexit will restore privilege to the rich and powerful.#StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON 
Brexit Secretary David Davis tells Lords Brexit talks will probably not be wrapped up in October“Push it a little later... last quarter of year..We will not want to sign the withdrawal agreement until we have the substance of the future relationship”.  
SLAMMED: Brexit legend Sir Bill Cash hits out at 'status quo’ EU transition. What a capitulation! 
Tomorrow the Lords debate the EU Withdrawal Bill. If they don't add a #PeoplesClause, we'll all lose fundamental rights after #Brexit.  
UK can't make trade deals during Brexit transition  via @politicoeurope 
Mandate received to begin negotiations with the UK on transitional arrangements: No "cherry picking"Existing EU regulatory instruments to applyNo representation in EU institutions/bodiesTransition period to be clearly defined#Brexit →  
All of the Brexit extremists that are currently losing their shit about the transition deal seem to have forgotten when they were telling everyone that a deal would be the easiest thing in the world.#StopBrexit 
They will call women and girls who've needed to travel for abortions baby killers and murderers throughout this referendum and they will be given a platform to do that. And this is called a "debate" and this is the country we live in #Ireland #repealthe8th  
The #FBPE freaks are all over my notifications. If you want more unaccountable politicians in your life move to Brussels and leave the rest of us alone. Roll on Brexit 
#AngelaMerkel left journalists 'laughing uproariously after mocking @Theresa_May's negotiating skills'  #MayMustGo #FAKEBREXIT #BBC #SKY #LBC @ConHome #UK @CCHQPress #Tory @Jacob_Rees_Mogg @Conservatives #Conservatives #BREXIT 
One of the most disappointing aspects of the #FBPE movement is its reluctance to see beyond the Brexit issue, and irrespective of the massive damage the tory has already done, along with Fib-Dims, & its insistence that come Brexit, it doesn't matter what government we have. 
Michel Barnier, the EU's main Brexit negotiator, has made clear the rules governing the UK's two-year transition out of the EU: Britain 'will continue to have all the economic benefits [once it leaves the EU], therefore it must apply all EU rules'  
Project Fear's claims Brexit will only hurt UK DESTROYED by CEO.  
Spot-on thread, do read to end.Brexit by timetable, as someone described it last year.  
And still they come. Another one changes his tune.Crest Nicholson boss says he was wrong on Brexit as economy proves to be "reasonably robust".  pic.twitter.com/K2NcCJSKm9 
She is not an honest participant in UK public life. She is a parasite who grunts populist slogans because there's a career to be made doing it. She's not actually interested in the mechanics of Brexit because details are not useful to her. 
13/  has been manoeuvred into a position where it has to choose *very soon* on transition, all options are tricky, and forcing this sort of choice now, rather than in the autumn is a very good call by . #Brexit is about to get even more  /ends 
9/ Walk away from talks? But then we're back at No Deal Brexit, which even Davis and May seem to have realised is a catastrophe. That threat is not serious. Walk out now, with 14 months of Article 50 to go, and that'll cause panic. 
2/ In the immediate aftermath of the referendum, debate in  revolved around WHEN #Article50 would be triggered, not consequences of doing so.  could live with  triggering in March 2017, as that gets  out before EP  2019. 
Gibraltar can veto parts of Brexit deal it doesn't like, chief minister says  
OMG JHB finally noticed me!!!!! Seriously it’s obvious what he was insinuating - that racist & xenophobic attack’s post Brexit weren’t really real. When I pulled him up on it after he straight up denied the post Brexit surge in attacks.  
We need a Brexit Cabinet, not this one with Remainers dooming us to failure  via @Telegraph 
The lesson for @JuliaHB1, Farage, Stuart, Hoey, O'Neill et al is that if you refuse to engage in the details and deny the existence of complexity then circumstances will make your decisions for you and you won't like them. You were warned. #Brexit 
Eurocrat #LordKerr says the UK will “come to heel” for the #EU! He is of course correct if @theresa_may is permitted to stay as #PM! #MayMustGo #FAKEBREXIT  #BBC #SKY #LBC @ConHome #UK @CCHQPress #Tory @Jacob_Rees_Mogg @Conservatives #Conservatives #BREXIT 
Barnier: “Phase I has to be put into legally binding language”. Watch shit hit fan in Westminster when that happens. #brexit 
For reasons that escape me, @JuliaHB1 has considerable influence in the #Brexit debate. She could have been instrumental in correcting myths about the Norway Option. Instead she chose populist bleating. Now she complains at being a vassal state. Ignorance has consequences. 
Brexit just died right in front of us.Transition to 2020, EU membership to 2020, and then very likely another vote.The question is whether or not the UK can survive another three years of this crap. No government can function while this is going on. 
This is ridiculous. Why should tax payers fund Hard Brexit lobbyists - who make money on the side. MPs demand ‘urgent investigation’ into Cabinet ministers' support for hard-Brexit lobby group  
Nicola Sturgeon has challenged Richard Leonard to clarify his “feeble” position on Brexit. 
The Brexit con is so elegant: billionaires buy what the rest of us are not longer allowed:  
Maybe Cameron should have ordered his own Govt to make preparations for one of the two outcomes of the referendum, what with that being his actual job at the time 
Just pointed out in Commons that we can argue all we like about transition - but the Government still has NO CLUE about where we are going at the end of it. It’s just a plank off a cliff. Madness. @Open_Britain #Brexit 
Jacob Rees-Mogg: I've never been to Ikea and I don't plan on going . Rees- Mogg believes he is superior in every way way to the man on the street. But his money is made by exploiting the people he is happy to walk over. Stop Rees-Mogg’s Brexit plan.#FBPE 
Well maybe you should have sorted out a plan BEFORE the referendum so everyone was clear? The question we were given was criminally inadequate. 
And I am not tolerating ANY whinge from any Brexiter about transition being harsh on the UK.UK triggered #Article50 too soon and without a plan. Now it’s hopelessly trying to buy time, and being a vassal state for 21 months is the price for that.#Brexit 
EU publishes its approach to Brexit transition period: UK must stay in single market, Customs union. Be subject to European law, inc. any changes to that law. Subject to free movement plus ECJ. In effect, no Brexit before 2020/21. 
1/Home Office shifting language on who they wish to deport post #Brexit: "EU citizens who are pursuing a course of conduct that most people consider to be socially harmful". This is very vague and open to abuse.  
'UK will stay in single market during transition period' - Michel Barnier, European Chief Negotiator #brexit  
Upon seeing evidence that hard Brexit will profoundly damage our country, Brexiteers choose to “discredit” the messenger rather than engage with the evidence. These people disgust me. They are not fit for office of any kind  
TORY WARS UPDATE. Anna Soubry in the Commons: "When are the Government going to stand up to the hard Brexiteers, who mainly inhabit these benches - there's only about 35 of them - see them off and make sure that we get a sensible Brexit?" 
SNP's Stephen Gethins claims in Commons that his party offers the most effective opposition to the government on Brexit. Minister Walker fairly observes that only four of them have turned up 
Simon Harris says he will not only propose a referendum to the Govt, but also formally propose to draft legislation giving effect to the #8committee recommendations - a draft version will be published in advance of the public vote 
John Redwood: Simple negotiatingFirst secure WTO, then EU will be more willing to seek tariff free trade which we know #EU wants.We don't need to pay to trade, especially when we import more than export.We certainly don't need to pay for talks.#Brexit 
Of 4,275 guests on the BBC's flagship Today Programme between 2005 and 2015 who talked about the EU, only 132 were  pro Brexit:  
I am glad that as I recover from pneumonia, I can still do my Tai Chi  warm up exercises while watching on TV that madness of a Tory #brexit.  
"The bill is therefore fundamentally flawed from a constitutional perspective in multiple ways."#Brexit is fundamentally flawed too from its Advisory nature becoming an Irrefutable Mandate to 37% voters/26.5% of the Ppl becoming the Unchallengeable Will!  
Angela Merkel: Theresa May never tells me what she wants from Brexit 
Brexit post: Guaranteed to never get delivered.  
Theresa May’s leadership is under fire with MPs calling for "less policy-making by tortoise and [more] policy making by lion.”She’s crawling her way towards a soft Brexit - we need a strong leader, unafraid to deliver the radical change the British people voted for!  
A little flow chart to clarify key issues for the UK's transition efforts for the hundreds of international agreements that need to be "rolled over" post-#Brexit:  
Britain must embrace all Brexit’s freedoms to make a success of Brexit, says the @spectator 
My analysis of the Tory Brexit plan:The Tories, on no account, wish to leave the EU. They plan to lose the next Election to Lab. Lab will then be the party that ignores the Ref result. Tories win after that. Brexit voters screwed. Establishment Status Quo maintained. 
This part of the mandate might be a struggle given that zany 'full alignment' soft Brexit bit.  
Indycar Gordon Ross 29/1/2018: Is Mundell setting up a shadow Scottish government to seize substantial control post-Brexit? VideoLink:  
One of the wealthiest and most influential supporters of a hard “no deal” Brexit seems to have bought EU citizenship for £600,000, thereby protecting himself from a no deal Brexit.  
The EU's guidelines for transition would mean all the obligations but no representation for the UK in the first 21 months after #Brexit.More strikingly, it would put it in a worse position than Norway in terms of sovereinty. Here are five striking differences:  
Mrs Merkel has journalists laughing “uproariously” when giving them behind-the-scenes insight into Brexit negotiations with Mrs May.UK is now the laughing stock of Europe. #BrexitShambles 
"Nothing is agreed until everything is agreed" - @DavidDavisMP on EU backing #Brexit transition period to finish by end of 2020  
Makes me so bloody rious.  So I lose my right to freely work, study, travel, retire with free reciprocal healthcare to EU27, but Legatum backers, who fought for Brexit,, buys EU Citizenship. 
"I was supposed to write the Brexit impact papers but I'm afraid I was very, very drunk."  
Good to see that Cameron's plan to stamp out Conservative division with a referendum on Europe is paying dividends.  
#Brexit "Specific consultations should also be foreseen with regard to the fixing of fishing opportunities (total allowable catches) during the transition period, in full respect of the Union acquis." Sounds worrying 
the #Brexit vote was for a hand-waving catch-all slogan which encompassed a rag-bag of incompatible lies, fantasies, falsehoods and delusions. But Labour can't point that out, because that would be to challenge the legitimacy of #Brexit.#StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON 
1. Brexiteers branded 'swivel-eyed' old men by sen. minister'"Whether U voted #Remain or Leave shouldn’t really matter now: there's now a unity of purpose in the (UK) 2 support the smooth & orderly #Brexit that our PM's working 2 deliver."Total utter BS  
The #BrexitStudies that Davis said didn't exist have magically reappeared. Cabinet ministers will see them this week.But we ALL need to see these studies, to know just how bad Tories hard #Brexit will be for jobs & economy. #BrexitShambles #BrexitReality 
'Automation will affect cities that voted heavily for Brexit': your best comments today  
Time for @theresa_may to remember that democracy isn't just about the people having a say ... it's about politicians acting on the people's voices.#Brexit #Brexiteers 
Another reason we must walk away NOW     Angela Merkel 'ridicules Theresa May's Brexit demands during secret press briefing'  
The time and resources we need to deal with AI and climate change etc we are spending on bloody Brexit and trying to relive 1857 or 1973. Neither have the answers. 
Brexit; for a few it’s the gift that keeps on giving but for the rest of us it’s just take, take and more take.Our loss is their backhander-gain, our rights can be removed but they can buy theirs back.Justify this Brexiters. 
Paragraphs 15 to 18 of the EU27 Brexit directives reveal the stark position of UK during transition.  Read the paragraphs carefully.A vassal state. 
Corbyn is facing new calls to stop being a “cheerleader” for a hard Tory Brexit. 
My husband is an EU citizen, the night of the referendum he felt so hurt. The way this government continues to undermine his citizenship has lit a fire beneath me, that's why I'm knocking doors to get @LibDems elected to stand up for my family. #MondayMotivation #FBPE  
Read @alanbeattie on Brexit disarray (): 
Border control !Majority of voters want ' common sense' approach to immigration with Brexit. pic.twitter.com/Gi6WVZ0iux 
Today I join my EU27 colleagues to agree negotiating directives which propose a status quo transitional arrangement after the UK leaves the EU. This will provide certainty & limit disruption for our citizens & businesses #Article50 #Brexit #Transition 
The EU position on brexit is clear, calm, rational, because it has been extensively worked upon to reach a consensus across 27 capitals. Meanwhile, the UK can’t find consensus across the cabinet table. 
Tory MP, @MarcusFysh blasts the currently predominant Remain Cabinet, who are being given "dreadful" advice and who "do not have the nous to see it." Calls for a true Brexit Cabinet - we couldn't agree more!  
EU takes 2 minutes to agree its negotiating stance for the Brexit transition  
The EU's 27 countries just took two minutes to agree what Brexit terms they'll offer Britain   
From @MattChorley "The Times revealed on Saturday that May had abandoned plans for a Big Speech on Brexit because no one could agree on what she ought to say."There's a solution to that.The Prime Minister could perhaps decide what her vision is & articulate it. Just a thought. 
When will Jeremy Corbyn wake-up to the right-wing nightmare Brexit is? Brexit means slower access to new medicines. @vincecable  
As Downing Street dithers, Britain is squandering its opportunity to shape Brexit in its favour, warns @CitySamuel 
I am sick of Teresa May.. what part of Vote to Leave dont you understand you daft hippy.. you wont be happy until we march on Parliament and throw you out .. stop it #Brexit means #Brexit #Bluehand 
#Brexit: @EUCouncil (Article 50) adopts negotiating directives on the transition period:  
European Union's deputy Brexit negotiator Sabine Weyand says the EU is offering the UK "status quo transition without institutional representation" until the end of 2020 after the UK leaves the EU in March 2019 
With the #Brexit project being driven through by a terminally dysfunctional Conservative Party, I hope this leaves open the option of not leaving at all (#ExitFromBrexit ) once UK politicians come to their senses 
#BREAKING EU backs Brexit transition period to end 2020: officials 
Courage is the middle way between cowardice and recklessness. UK citizens were courageous in voting for Brexit in the face of scaremongering. The Gov't have been cowardly in its negotiation. 
I’m thinking about buying a farm and rearing invisible unicorns. With a market of 17 million in the UK, I could do quite well out of Brexit.  
If you missed today's epic Livestream we spoke about a Brexit sell-out, May, Mogg, Trump and more... Get stuck in here: 
These are my two favourite photos for the day. And if the Mail was entitled to demand another referendum to change its mind so now can voters  
EXCL: Tory ministers have used taxpayers money to fund a secretive Brexit pressure group, led by Jacob Rees-Mogg.They appear to have breached government rules  
I get tweets from Corbyn supporters saying the Tories are in power so Labour can do nothing about #Brexit.What about opposing! Isn't that what an opposition party is supposed to do!#StopBrexit #fBPE #WATON 
Angela Merkel just reportedly ridiculed Theresa May's Brexit strategy  
BREAKING: EU General Affairs Council adopts guidelines for #Brexit negotiations within 2 min: status quo transition without institutional representation, lasting from #Brexit date to 31 December 2020  
If you do actually care what your Brexit does to this country, I implore you to see below:  
Our second edition @EveningStandard: Tory battle over Brexit intensifies as moderate MPs push back against hardline Brexiteers and say they can force soft Brexit  
Hancock has form on this ...but this is the media that let them develop their crazy Brexit narrative unchecked.  
It’s a cake-and-eat it news cracker #Brexit  
Brexit latest: May should have been ‘tougher’ with the EU say the same people who considered her a cross between Boudicca & Thatcher about ten minutes ago. 
Debating House of Lords and Brexit with arch-Brexiter Michael Howard on Good Morning Britain tomorrow, 7.10am. Remember him - 'ARE YOU THINKING WHAT WE'RE THINKING?' - the most contemptible political slogan of recent times apart from the related Farage BREAKING POINT poster 
Seems Liberal journalist consensus today is trying to formulate a humanising narrative for Theresa May, we should feel sorry for her because her party want her out, i'd rather take pity on the victims of the atrocious Tory domestic policies whilst you focus on Brexit 
EU negotiators reportedly expect Britain to ask for a longer transition period in secret to avoid a rebellion by Brexit supporters  
Mogg: ‘Hammond is semi-detached, running his own Brexit policy’  
At last something positive comes out of Brexit!!  
It just confirms what we already know. Brexit is a stepping stone for the Corporate Right, a coup, a takeover of the country. They can't wait for brexit because it will destroy the economy allowing them to buy up everything for nothing. When you own everything you own everyone 
Would those Tories complaining about the PM's Brexit strategy be kind enough to let us all know what it is? 
Agreed. What a tragedy then, that Labour does not support a second referendum - you could clean up at the next general election. But the window of opportunity is closing, and your boss seems less than bothered.  
I worked worked for an international company, there is not s single continent on which I have not done business.The EU is in terminal demographic & economic decline.It is anachronistic & corrupt.It is in its final death throws regardless of brexit.  
If you’re pro-#Brexit it’s obvious you think Britain ought to do better out of the EU than in it. UK has interests and seeks to defend them.How then you simultaneously think that the EU ought to bend to every UK demand, give UK what it wants, *AGAINST* EU’s own interests? 
WATCH | "21% of people's income is spent on food, clothing and footwear. These are the highest tariffed areas in the Customs Union.The first gain that we can have [post-Brexit] is by removing all the tariffs on those goods, thus giving a real terms income boost to the poorest."  
Revealed: The Tory ministers using taxpayer cash to fund secretive hard-Brexit lobby group, led by Jacob Rees-Mogg:  #BrexitDarkMoney 
Brexit could help Britain's businesses by allowing free ports, which are free of customs controls, says the Tees Valley mayor @BenHouchen who wants one on his patch at Teesport #bbcdp 
》Brits are increasingly pessimistic about the future.》 Half of the country believes the UK is "heading in the wrong direction".》 Half of all women say they are financially worse off than before the start of the Brexit. 
No wonder May has just called off her speech on what she really wants: her Brexit vision,her plan.But she hasn’t got one. Instead there is a 2-yr transition to nowhere,implementation of nothing. Nothing she says could bridge the divide, so it’s best to say nothing. -Polly Toynbee 
As Withdrawal Bill comes to Lords tomorrow I will be leading @LibDems efforts to curb government’s #Brexit power grab and give the voters final say on any Brexit deal #FBPE 
"I was at a roundabout yesterday and every car around me was German, therefore I'm sure they'll want to do a deal" Peter Bone, Tory MP.(This is what the Tory Party meant when they said they'd done Brexit Impact Assessments) #Brexit 
Billionaire who bankrolls organisation behind #Brexit buys himself Maltese citizenship. Oh yes. You really showed "the establishment" with your vote, didn't you?  
NZ/Dubai £ from a person who purchased EU citizenship in 2016 & then promoted hard Brexit. Head of VoteLeave, Elliot, appointed to lead its "Populism and Political Change" prgme  Meetings with DexEU + hard Brexiters (n.b. charity law prohibits political activity).Call me cynical?  
Churchill often championed the idea of a "United States of Europe"The fact that Brexit zealots try to use his image in a bid to further their cause isn't just misguided, it's pitiful.  
DExEU is haemorrhaging ministers and staff, Government months behind on Brexit agenda and not getting on with any of its other (non-voluntary) desperate priorities because it's chronically overwhelmed. Just another evergreen tweet via @Open_Britain 
Informative but depressing thread on the way the influential Legatum Institute (mis-)understand the Brexit Irish border issue (from a leading expert in just that issue)  
So let me get this straight: the #BBC receives millions from the EU in grants and its staff get lucrative job offers from Brussels but everyone expects the Corporation to be impartial about #Brexit Are you people mad? 
Every year @ukhomeoffice locks up tens of thousands of people – including survivors of torture, trafficking and rape – without telling them when they'll be freed. But now even senior Conservatives want to end indefinite immigration detention after #Brexit  
EU countries send us trauma packs in emergency situations like terrorist attacks. Brexit is a real threat to our NHS. Please RT so @jeremycorbyn knows. 
Seeing as Legatum is in the news again today, perhaps it is timely to tweet a couple of thoughts after having seen two members of the Legatum Institute present on the topic of Brexit and the Irish border last week. 1/7  
As a Liberal Democrat, I want people to have control over the future of our economy, and that has to start by giving them a vote on the #Brexit deal when it is done, so they can choose to #ExitFromBrexit if they don’t like it. 
Theresa May urged to be 'more like a lion than a tortoise' on Brexit by MPs  
MOGG: Chancellor Hammond is semi-detached, running his own Brexit policy. Sack him!  
pitchblacksteed has sent a one man delegation to Europe to sort out #Brexit... 
"This is a time for a Brexit Cabinet made up of people who understand the issues and trade-offs properly. The current one simply doesn’t cut it," writes Conservative MP Marcus Fysh 
#FBPE 1/3THE BREXIT TESTHere's a chart of the UK's total expenditure per year.Ask a Leaver to point to the segment that represents our annual payment to the EU.  
Southern Nigeria will push for referendum before 2019 election - Ijaw Republic Assembly   
Latest #brexit scandal video: If you are just the British public we must hide #brexit impact from you. However if you are a Chinese company - Tory MPs happy to provide this privately for a fee & here’s the kicker: they want payment in Euros no doubt due to post #brexit £collapse  
Philip Hammond intends to "thwart" Brexit, his priorities are "perverse". He does not want Britain to leave the EU, says Jacob Rees-Mogg. It's time the Chancellor was sacked?#Brexit  
Thank you, @guyverhofstadt, for consistently speaking out against the impending theft of our identity and our rights due to Brexit. It is good to know that we have friends in high places that support us and champion our future... on one side of the channel at least.#FBPE 
'They're struggling to have a proper conversation with us'@wgcs_finance asks how the UK government can negotiate #Brexit with the rest of the EU if they can't allay Welsh fears over devolved powersFull story:  
 Bank of England:- Brexit costing us a net £10billion a year Institute for Fiscal Studies:- Brexit will be damaging Office for Budget Responsibility:- Brexit reducing economic growth Hardline Tory MPs:- #Brexit will create jobs & growth                 
A Canada-style Brexit deal would be bad for jobs, bad for public services, and bad for rights at work.  
Billionaire behind hard Brexit lobby group buys himself Maltese citizenship - so he’ll keep EU benefits even as his organisation argues you should lose yours  @financialtimes 
Corbyn says ‘the Remain ship has sailed’ as he straps himself to the sinking Brexit ship. 
London should not have the right to ban President Trump, London is not England, we the majority are, Brexit & GE, showed that. 
Expert reveals the SHOCKING truth of the EU's control in a soft Brexit  
In 2012 Manchester had a referendum for an mayor & we voted against it  but we were made to have one @AndyBurnhamGM & now our council tax is going up £6-£18 to cover his £110,000.00 pa salary & another £620,000.00pa to run his office. Where’s democracy? 
Today the government will agree to hold a referendum on #repealthe8th  Antis used to tell me we would be waiting at least 10 years to get to this point and I genuinely believed them. We are here today, because we are strong together, let's keep it up! X x 
Im a mild mannered man but am absolutely seething over the below news, absolutely seething. #brexit is splitting my family apart & it’s leaders do this. I’ve no appropriate words to describe this.  
The rich can buy their EU citizenship. Seedy spivs like Farage hope to get theirs by lying and cheating. Their intention is that it’s just people like you and I who will be stuck on Brexit Island.  
The problem with British society encapsulated in that call from Jill to @mrjamesob. Old lady calls saying how Brexit is great & presents fault facts. James corrects her as politely as possible. JOB called bully on Twitter for presenting facts.#WelcomeTo2018 
#brexit never ceases to shock me as Chris Chandler head of #legatum Institute pressing for hardest #brexit possible obtains Maltese citizenship to retain EU citizenship he’s depriving rest of us of. If you cld sum up brexit leaders this wld be it @IanDunt 
Basically, reading about Brexit, at a granular level, is a radicalisation process. Which I presume is why so many Brexiters are allergic to detail. 
This discussion is a microcosm of the #Brexit discussion.Brexiter makes it all sound easy. @anandMenon1 & @SNevin1 explain why it’s not, and their objections are just rejected. 
#LBC FFS James O ‘Brien  still bloody Brexit bashing first day of the week !!! Bloody halfwit never stops morning noon & night. The most annoying person on radio.. Only Owen Jones worse than this dweeb. Get this idiot off the radio boring us all to death.        
The more you drill down into any sector, the more the real price of Brexit is revealed. It's two-fold: acute and chronic. 
Watching London Leaver on @SkyNews declaring Brexit was about democracy. We voted for MEPs, our MEPS voted for us in EU and we had a veto. Where's the undemocratic bit? 
This dude has sooo much confidence in his advice to the UK on hard Brexit, that he made sure he got EU27 citizenship while giving it...  
We are now 19 months on from the referendum and neither Parliament nor the rest of EU are any the wiser about what the Government actually wants from the Brexit negotiations. Extraordinary and unacceptable. 
Brexit, of course, is both an attempt at flying off a cliff with the minimum of damage and fuss, and travelling back either to an imaginary 1950s or an imperial 1850s. Some dreams were never meant to be realised because they couldn't be. Brexit is one. It can't be done. 
May is now desperately trying to avoid brexit. She has collapsed under the pressure and should now be replaced. She is unhappy and knows she is out of her depth. Help her - Support a challenge to her leadership. 
"Please opt for a May date for referendum, and no later." We've issued letters to all members of Taoiseach Leo Varadkar T.D. asking that a referendum to #RepealThe8th be held before the end of May 2018. Read the full letter below  
So, according to you, Scotland’s growth rate unaffected by: 8 years of austerity under Tory UKGov; Tories pulling rug from under ScotRenewables sector; a challenging period for oil & gas industry (fiscal & regulatory powers over which are reserved); & Tory ineptitude on Brexit? 
In today’s #brexit news: Chris Chandler the billionaire behind #Legatum Institute campaigning for hardest brexit possible has arranged Maltese citizenship for himself so as to retain EU citizenship he is depriving the rest of us. (Report in FT). Just think about that for a moment 
Briefing at House of Lords later today is taking place almost 7 months after @ScotGov &  @WelshGovernment  saw #EUWithdrawalBill & told @GOVUK it was unnaceptable. But still not even a draft amendment from @GovUK despite frequent promises #torychaos #Brexit 
Those moronic David Davis Brexit tweets in full.#StopBrexit@mrjamesob @LBC 
Project Fear officials either showed extraordinary bad judgement and poor economic modelling, or they were deliberately lying to try to keep Britain in the EU:  #Brexit 
The economy of the US is 35% larger than the economy of the EU27*. * by nominal GDP.US Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin says the US is 'very supportive' of the UK on Brexit, reports the FT. “As soon as the UK is ready, we are prepared to negotiate an attractive trade deal." 
This must happen to achieve a Brexit that will work for Britain and all it's people, not just the rich elite of our society.  
Last night, @realDonaldTrump sat down with @piersmorgan in an interview for ITV, discussing everything from feminism, to Brexit, to tweeting from his bed... Did the interview make you see President Trump differently? The question @EmmaBarnett is asking #EmmaBarnettShow 
The danger of Brexit just melting away   
One of the tragedies of Brexit is that EU citizenship is being taken away from so many against their will. The European Parliament has recognised this fact in two resolutions. I wish others would listen! #IamEuropean #WeAreEurope 
BSE has raised some of election myths again this morning -like all big votes, in truth it was a big tangle, austerity, brexit, new energy around Labour, May's worse than expected performance etc etc -  'the triumph that wasn't' here  
Team Barnier slides on Brexit and foreign policy now published.This is meant to be 'easy bit' of Brexit, but still big task, bad for both sides. Default is UK out of decision-making and must relinquish l/ship of EU missions 
18 months after the #BrexitShambles referendum “the Cabinet has still not reviewed, evaluated, decided upon the impact” @CBItweets President. What a shower of a Government. 
John Redwood: Transition to what?Neither Remain nor Leave will be happy if we replicate obligations & costs of #EU without voting rights.Leave means taking back control of our money, borders & lawsLeave means Leave on 29 March 2019 as agreed.#Brexit 
Theresa May to attempt to calm Tory Party civil war at Brexit 'war cabinet' meeting. Energy minister Claire Perry said hard Brexit supporters were 'swivel-eyed' and hell-bent on 'wrecking the economy' Tories are literally falling apart with infighting  
1. Off all the baloney in the #Brexit debate, "reform from within" is the biggest pile of horse manure. As much as anything it is totally issue illiterate. The reform we want is not on the table and would never be on offer. 
Surreal: One of the most vocal backers of hard #Brexit has suddenly become an EU citizen of #Malta... 
Stark warning from Creative Industries today on Brexit:1 in 5 would consider moving their business abroad in the event of a No Deal.80% concerned UK will lose "global" reputation post-Brexit.45% of UK creative industries service exports go to the EU. 
Dear Mr Davis @DavidDavisMP I know the Sectoral Impact Assessments do exist, no govt would have come this far without producing them. They exist but are too devastating to reveal to the public how bad Brexit will affect every industry, every region & every person in this country. 
Since 24 June 2016 I have been very anti Brexit. I like to think I am open to pursuasion and willing to change my mind in the light of new facts and evidence. Do your best/worst."We won you lost " does not count 
Britain's presence in the EU is over and you should be aware of the consequences, French minister tells Japan's businesses  
Because he supports #Brexit Corbyn won't attack the lie that the referendum was mandatory - the lie that it 'instructed' the government to implement Brexit. In this and so many other ways Corbyn is protecting the Tories' backs on #Brexit.#StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON 
Sorry, but it's a little bit cheeky of Tory Remainers who defeated May over Brexit to now be urging her to stand tall against her Eurosceptic rebels. 
Tory Brexit war reaches fever pitch as minister attacks 'swivel-eyed' members of her own party 
“EU withdrawal bill needs major rewrites, Lords committee saysPeers say Brexit legislation is fundamentally flawed and risks undermining legal certainty”Well who would have thought it?  
Because he supports #Brexit Corbyn cannot attack the injustice of giving Commonwealth citizens the vote in the referendum while denying it to EU 27 nationals and Brits abroad for more than 15 years. #StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON 
If, as seems likely, the wording of 8th Amendment referendum is decided by Attorney General’s advice, the advice should be published. AG’s constitutional advice has been published at least 6 times before, including in the original 8th Amendment referendum.  
The Brexit hardliners literally want to take this country back to the Dark Ages, in this case by turning out the lights.  
The rich, Brexit and trickle-down economics:They said:1. We give the 1% all the money;2. They use it to create wealth for everyone.What actually happens:1. We give the 1% all the money;2. They keep it all for themselves.Brexit is much the same.#StopBrexit #WATON 
Amazing but not surprsing now that data has busted the "youthquake" narrative, the media are actually trying to blame Corbyn and Labour in some way. They got this wrong the way they got Corbyn's rise wrong, Brexit won and Trump wrong. Long may they continue to be wrong! (ends) 
Brexit is a scam. It's not for or of the people's will . It's for the elite to get rich and avoid taxes . #StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON 
Naive possibly, but when will politicians put aside their personal career agendas and realise that negotiating the best possible Brexit deal impacts everyone's life in the UK. Focus on delivering for the sake of everyone here........!! 
Theresa May 'is being pushed towards a soft Brexit by Remoaner mandarins behind the scenes'.Show some leadership and enforce the will of the people! 
In many important ways Gina Miller has ensured a level of ethics & integrity in British Public life without which we would all be poorer. When Brexit is defeated & the anti democratic tories gone I would like to see Gina given a peerage to enable her contination in public service 
“Out means out”.“Just LEAVE”.“We want full Brexit & we want it NOW”.“Just get us out!”.“Out NOW!”.“We just want to leave the corrupt EU”.“Out, out, OUT!”“Take back control”.“We’ll make a success of it”.“A clear plan”.“Getting Brexit right”.“Cake and eat it”.  
“Hurry up” with Brexit is a dangerous mentality when you have no plans to replace dozens of frameworks.  
May has been working against Brexit from the start & her plan is to form a Brexit deal so bad we are in effect still EU members & to use transition period making sure we never leave & EU control over the UK is maintained. We have to oust May she will never deliver a real Brexit  
“Mount Tory is ready to blow over Brexit – and May can’t stop it”By .@pollytoynbee 
Stopping Brexit won’t mean turning back the clock - while Britain stands still, Europe is moving on.  
Manufacturing gains in planes, trains and houses make a mockery of Brexit scaremongering  @Conservatives @theresa_may 
9. And as @Jacob_Rees_Mogg (in my opinion) also rightly points out, the "transition" period relegates UK to a vassal state, which on any sensible view was not what was voted for in the referendum. 
“Brexit could leave patients unable to access new drugs”#NHS 
Happy Monday. This by @robfordmancs is compulsory reading. Views on migration shifted v positively among all social groups since Brexit vote. As he says, people should know.  
So @jeremycorbyn says the 'ship has sailed' on UK remaining in EU?Full speed ahead into the Brexit iceberg!Can you explain to me please how this is the best course #ForTheMany?A #FinalSay on the Titanic should lead to a change of direction, not a discussion on impact speed 
PRESSURE: Support for ‘Tortoise’ May ebbing away, calls to sack Remoaner Hammond.Get a grip and deliver the Brexit that people voted! 
As Justine Greening well knows, a Brexit that works for young people would be called "Remain".  
1.  Brexit transition, a quick thread.There is no Article 50½ in the TEU dealing with "transition".There is no Article hidden in the treaty like platform 9¾ at King's Cross in the Harry Potter novels. 
I think this is vitally important to our understanding of Brexit.“The Great Brexit Swindle” by T J Coles. #FBPE#WATON#StopBrexit#EUWithdrawalBill#WeAreTheOppositionNow#StopBrexitSaveBritain#StopBrexitSaveOurNHS#StopBrexit2018#LoveNHS#BrexitShambles 
The Times reporting that hard Brexiteers launching a coordinated attempt on the Chancellor and senior civil servants just before Cabinet ministers see impact analyses of different Brexit options. These papers shouldn't be viewed in private they should be published in full.  
The Times reporting that the recent briefing against Hammond is due to incoming bombshell Brexit impact assessments  
Lords Select Committee find that #Brexit EU (Withdrawal) Bill risks "undermining the legal certainty it seeks to provide" and "has fundamental flaws of a constitutional nature" 
Thought: We seem to be bombarded by the idea that Brexit and not the Tories is what's really damaging the country.Remember Brexit isn't defunding and privitising the NHS - Tories areBrexit didn't cut 20,000 police Tories didBrexit didn't double our national debt Tories did. 
Reality’s going to get them all in the end. Not just May. Brexit’s now about how much damage the delusions can do before they become unsustainable. 
Tories & sadly Labour are both letting the UK down in denying the Ppl a Binding #FinalSay to Confirm #Brexit or #StopBrexit in 2018 with a chance to reverse a failing policy which leaves us Poorer, Weaker & with less Influence & Control & Fewer Rights.  
Never, but never, open your @Brexit daily email (). 
A quick thread summarising fundamental flaws in #EUWithdrawalBill which Lords Constitution Committee has picked apart.This isn't about blocking Brexit. This is about the rule of law, certainty & the balance of power in the UK post-Brexit. Small technicalities then.  
So the billionaire backer of the hard-Brexit advocate Legatum Institute has taken EU citizenship via Malta - scoop by @cynthiao #brexit #Malta 
In today's Brexit news: Jeremy Corbyn rejects Norway-style Brexit and second EU referendum | Theresa May told to clarify Brexit stance or face no-confidence vote | Donald Trump promises 'great' UK trade deal | Labour says lords will not wreck Brexit bill  
Sterling's surge is being fuelled by oil, not a Brexit bounce....  
As the UK takes leave of its senses...On #r4today, Peter Ammon, German Ambassador to UK on Brexit: I am full of confidence that British pragmatism will prevail. After 4 years my belief in the rationality of the British psyche is even stronger.Hope so#StopBrexit #WATON #ABTV 
Theresa May has been told to clarify her Brexit stance or face a no-confidence vote. Is she losing control of the party?  
Time for @UKLabour to keep it's promise and have policies it's members want. Vast majority:Voted to stay in EUWant to stay in theSingle Market & Customs UnionThey also want a referendum on the outcome of the #Brexit negotiations#StopBrexit policies… 
3 former Conservative cabinet ministers have been caught selling Brexit information to a fake Chinese company  via @BIUK_Politics. Corruption, deception, tax avoidance, breaking the rules, criminal, making money from Brexit. The Tory Party. #FBPE 
Tory sleaze row over cash for access: Peer boasts Theresa May went to his wedding and asks for £4k a day for Brexit advice 
Why should UK suffer as Conservative Party bickers over an undeliverable damaging Brexit that THEY led us to. We urge the Lords - show courage & challenge the contradictions of EU Withdrawal Bill. RENEW will help you lead us back to stability.  
I’m so bored now of the way @BBCr4today serves up the lethal daily Brexit pill to this country with a sugar coating and a cheery smile. 
Brexiters are positive thinking people but also realistic, we have patiently watched as May has conceded almost everything, now she has gone to far, her team are out of control and need sacking, Its time for Jacob, he is our trusted Man, he will deliver Brexit, May & team must go 
Brexit would affect your health. Brexit would mean waiting longer for vital medication and London would lose 890 jobs if the European Medicines Agency leaves @Labour4EU @labour4europe @MayorofLondon #HealthForAll #brexit  
Here you go @RalfLittle and @Jeremy_Hunt, the results are in. Over 8000 people voted and, unlike the most recent national referendum, the result is absolutely decisive. The "voice of the people" is 98% in favour of seeing this debate. Are you ready @jeremy_hunt? 
Busy+Important day ahead: on way to Belfast now for talks, @HMcEntee representing IRE in Brussels on #Brexit at GAC, important Cabinet meeting on future Abortion Referendum later this evening. 
British textile industry has bumper year and highly positive on growth in 2018. More positive post #Brexit referendum economic data destroying the Remainer project fear lies.  
READ | A tortoise just about sums it up. If she was a snake, she'd at least have the venom to purge the Brexit blocking Chancellor. Has this country ever been blighted by such weak leadership?  
ADVICE TO MRS MAY: In this crisis this week, do not appease your Farageist right-wing. The country, and most of your own voters, are desperately worried about the impact of your Brexit on their jobs & lives. They want pragmatism not ideology! Do your duty. 
."Labour’s shambolic position on Brexit has shown that when it comes to standing up for the economy, jobs & livelihoods – Labour are nowhere to be seen.". 
And the latest #Brexit problem we weren’t told about by #brexiters  There seems to be a new one every week. #BrexitShambles 
‘The Cabinet need to get a grip by acting collectively to shape Brexit & agree an ideal end-state based in reality, on what Parliament will approve eventually – and then stick to it...the country and party activists deserve no less’.  
More to the point: how can @UKLabour have a *policy* of being pro-#Brexit when an overwhelming majority of its members oppose Brexit?  
For the rest of the world #Brexit is an aberration and a distraction from other more pressing issues. The government may claim that it is building a new Global Britain, but that's just a slogan without any real policy content  
Can we please stop calling it a second referendum. This would be the first vote on the #Brexit deal. The British people had no idea what Brexit meant when they narrowly voted for it. The Tory government still can’t agree. Back a public vote.  
Ireland's Cabinet will hold a special meeting this evening to pave the way for an historic referendum on the country's abortion laws  
The Government needs to settle its Brexit position once and for all, to end this instability  
Can see why so many businesses want out. The future for Britain now looks depressingly like either Brexit or Brexit plus Corbyn. 
Brexit's a faulty product.Send it back, get a refund, and sack the lying bastards who sold it to us. pic.twitter.com/fieFjVmqGI 
Tory MPs Andrew Lansley, Peter Lilley and Andrew Mitchell charge £5,000 for Brexit advice. Please BBC will you negotiate a proper price before asking Justine Greening ANYTHING about the tory brexit shambles? #r4today 
People all around me voted Brexit for all sorts of reasons - to have a voice, to bash the govt, to save NHS, to stop immigration. People I work with, socialise with, my hairdresser and more. JC did not cause Brexit. I'm still trusting Labour. 
MailOnline's @piersmorgan says Trump sees Brexit as a 'fudge' and the EU as 'terrible people'  
Why did EU's President Juncker offer this woman a £290,000 p.a. job and what was it? Find out HERE on the best site for daily, ORIGINAL, #Brexit news:  
BBC Radio 4 Today interviews British Election Study about their in-depth analysis of voting patterns in GE2017. Researcher mentions twice that Brexit was biggest factor influencing how ppl voted. Interviewer ignores this and keeps on about whether or not there was a “youthquake”. 
An influential group of peers have demanded changes to Theresa May's flagship Brexit legislation a day before the House of Lords is due to begin debating it  
It seems some people are under the impression that a 2nd Referendum would consider the merits of the UK-EU trade deal. It won’t. We won’t know that for years. But we can be certain the terms will be much worse than those we enjoy now. 
UK govt only just realising what leaving EU wld mean:no say over the laws of a 27-country bloc next door, laws we wld have to mirror anyway. Let’s stay in+improve the EU.UK demands to vet legislation threaten Brexit transition talks  via @financialtimes 
The most difficult Brexit negotiations are yet to come... Do we really trust our current Government to deliver? Work with us to achieve a new kind of politics, & an end to the Brexit shambles which is bringing this country to its knees.#RENEWBRITAIN 
Corbyn does not want a 2nd referendum.Corbyn wants out of the Single Market.Corbyn wants out of the Customs Union.Corbyn is a HARD #Brexiteer 
Brexit BOMBSHELL: Lords tell Theresa May her vision is ‘UNACCEPTABLE’  
Monday briefing: Peers trash Brexit bill as May's authority teeters  
Boarding at the crack of dawn in the rain....Lovely  #Article50 #Brexit #EUCouncil 
Labour will not support Brexit deal if it "does not work for all communities in NI," warns Sir Keir Starmer:  
Brexit risks energy shortages and bigger bills, peers warn #stopbrexit 
Today’s great Tory schism has been brewing for decades. The virus began with a handful of oddballs long ago who made “Europe” the catch-all cause of all ills, and Brexit the miracle cure. #StopBrexit #WATON #ABTV 
It’s a nice idea, but robotics and artificial intelligence won’t come close to filling labor shortages in a post-Brexit Britain, when many immigrants, who provide much-needed labor, will be forced out of the country.  
You may be right. Robert Jenrick, recently promoted to a ministerial role, told one of his constituents it'd be too embarrassing to reverse #Brexit now. That's why we need a #FinalSay Ref — give the Govt a face-saving way out. 
Somewhere along way the scientists hi Sergei Ovcho what’s your name, you in my piece, told gerasimov that with IP targeting and altered databases they could win. Putin likely didn’t buy it but Brexit maybe changed his mind 
This would be funny if it wasn't so frightening. Tory MPs pushing for hard Brexit have literally no idea how the EU works☟Here's A Leaked WhatsApp Chat Showing Tory Leavers' Confusion About One Of Their Key Brexit Demands  
Does not Tory Peter Lilly have a directorship in the company that counts votes for Scottish Elections and Referendum!  
Trump says he would have taken a "tougher" attitude toward #Brexit  
Wolfgang Joop: When young people realised they couldn't change the world anymore, they began to change themselves, through tattoos, implants and piercings etc.Me: When old bigots realised they couldn't change the world anymore, they voted Brexit.#StopBrexit 
EU: The door remains open.Corbyn: Please close it, the ship has sailed.EU: No, it hasn't. You can still change your mind on Brexit.Corbyn: (fingers in ears) La-la-la-la!#StopBrexit 
President Trump talks Brexit, the royal wedding and climate change in a wide-ranging interview  
Labour Leave handed over £18,500 referendum donation to UKIP on 21 June 2016,  2 days before the EU referendum.Electoral Commission data on the transfer of funds shows that Labour Leave made the transfer on 20 June, - accepted by UKIP the following day.  
#DailyWorldBriefing:- 1,500 evacuated in Paris as #SeineRiver keeps rising - Trump says he would have taken "tougher" attitude toward #Brexit - 6 African countries win awards for progress against malaria  
Shadow Min @RichardMarlesMP gives some support to @AlboMP idea of joint referendum on a republic and recognising indigenous in the constitution @SkyNewsAust 
Peers brand Brexit bill 'fundamentally flawed'  
.@jeremycorbyn - Next time you do a TV interview perhaps you could tell the interviewer & viewers what it feels like to have failed your country.There's no doubt in the mind of millions that you *have* failed your country & your party.That's your legacy.#StopBrexit #Brexit 
What #Brexit Position  
Growing support for the people to have the final say on the Brexit deal. Sign the petition if you agree:  #ExitFromBrexit #StopBrexit 
It’s a nice idea, but robotics and artificial intelligence won’t come close to filling labor shortages in a post-Brexit Britain, when many immigrants, who provide much-needed labor, will be forced out of the country.  
Brexiters have been exposed attempting to profit from a new cash-for-Brexit gravy train.Anyone still think Brexit is about getting money to the NHS? Think again.Time to #StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
3 former Conservative cabinet ministers have been caught selling Brexit information to a fake Chinese company  via @BIUK_Politics 
Corbyn isn't playing the long game on stopping Brexit. He's playing the same game he's always played, being in the Labour party without supporting Labour policy. He didn't plan to become leader.  
#WhyBritsDontWantTrumpThe UK government is not allowed to have any trade talks with the USA until the final Brexit deal is struck, which would be December 2020 at the earliest (if ever). Royals don't like him.He's an FBI alleged criminal.  Shortage of police#TrumpMorgan 
Brexit legislation under fire as it enters upper house  
British jobs for British robots! ‘Jobs most at risk from automation are in cities that voted most strongly for Brexit' 
Out now: EU Committee report on #Brexit and energy security:  
Yes @rick36012 it’s a tragedy for so many, and for the democratic balance of the UK. Labour as we knew and loved it, appears to have gone.Brexit or Remain? Remain and Improve.I will ‘Remain’ until my last breath a citizen of the European Union.  
'Incredible protest' planned for Trump visit to UK - the guardian If only the Brits would protest like that over Brexit and the racism and xenophobia it has caused.  
It's now 57%-43% in favour of another referendum, a 14-point lead on more than 87k votes. Let's get it to 90k, please vote and RT. Have your say: Should there be a second EU referendum?  #WATON #ABTV #FBPE #StopBrexit2018 #VoteRemain 
Sad to note on Twitter that the extreme right hate that triggered the death of Jo Cox and the attack and murder of a moslem worshipper at Finsbury Park mosque seems to be flourishing. I wonder if this country can ever heal after the self mutilation of #Brexit..... 
... which is quite an important context for Brexit - should it occur against a backdrop of escalating trade tensions between Brussels & Washington. 
The British people should get the final say on any Brexit deal in a referendum. Agree? Add your name:  
If you cannot change your position on Brexit Mr Corbyn @jeremycorbyn, then suggest you extend your away day into a stay away permanently stay.Stay away and let someone else lead your party as the party of Remain. #StopBrexit 
Well done @NicolaSturgeon Time to denounce bizarre stance of @labour @scottishlabour @LabourRichard on Brexit Labour full of meaningless slogans #Shame on them 
So the Tories are a venal, double-dealing kleptocracy, who will cash in their Brexit access for £5k a day. Good on the Sunday Times. But who is remotely surprised?  
"Well, would it be the way I negotiate it? No..." President Trump tells British journalist Piers Morgan that he would have taken a "tougher" attitude toward Brexit negotiations than the approach now being used by Prime Minister Theresa May.  
#BBCR4 #WestminsterHourShould rename it "Radio4: The BBC Brexit Hour"Not a single defender of staying in the EU as only sane course when May cannot formulate a deal & so propels us over the cliff onto WTO terms.All guests refer to Leaving EU as inevitable. Disgraceful BBC! 
Parliament has never been so out of touch with the public. Brits voted Brexit & the establishment hate us for it & have worked to destroy the vote since 2016. Unless we get a new PM we won't get a proper Brexit. From the pinnacle of Churchill to this farce of a democracy  
Does this refer to the Dutch Raid on the Medway? If so, wasn't it 351 years ago? Though arguably the worst defeat for British naval power ever, it only slowed down Britain's rise to global superpower. And we got New York in the later peace. If it symbolizes Brexit, a great omen!  
What a silly person Jacob Rees-Mogg is. I’ve just read a ludicrous piece by him saying that the only thing more important than Brexit is the Queen, and admitting that it’s all about saving the Tory party’s bacon. He doesn’t mention his urgent desire not to pay more tax... 
Andrew, are you really complaining  that your views & those of others who want a second referendum are not heard on the BBC. Really?! 
At every possible stage, where you could have headed off the worst of Brexit, you have done *nothing* or worse, you have actively voted in favour or even *THREE LINE WHIPPED* your party to do so. 
FFS.....UNBELIEVABLE.....GET THIS RETWEETED AS MUCH AS POSSIBLE & LET PEOPLE SEE JUST WHAT THESE MONEY GRABBING TORY TWATS WILL DO TO LINE THEIR OWN POCKETS!!!SO MUCH FOR HELPING UK COMPANIES WHO WILL STRUGGLE BECAUSE OF BREXIT!!!  
Smart Businessman, rhino-skinned, combative and has to win at all costs...and that’s just @piersmorgan  Great interview with @realDonaldTrump - we need to wake up & realise how important he is post Brexit. #TrumpMorgan 
‘@Jacob_Rees_Mogg: "If the Conservative Party doesn't deliver the Brexit that the British people voted for, the Conservatives will not win the next election."The leader is important, but the party is more important. Brexit is more important than anyone other than the Queen."  
Trump's Brexit snub to May: 'I'd have been tougher' Anyone would have been tougher than May! EU need Our Trade more than we need theirs,  £70BN trade deficit!  
Oh dear, Tories calling other Tories Swivel-Eyed Loons over Brexit. 
May Election Checklist: Please RT1. Register to vote. I'm looking at you youngsters and EU 27 citizens!2. Vote3. Vote ONLY for a party opposing #brexitDO NOT SKIP ANY OF THE ABOVE! #stopbrexit #fbpe 
We had "#Brexit means Brexit". We had "red, white and blue Brexit". Now it seems a "lion Brexit" is next. But metaphors are no substitute for a plan. #StopBrexit 
Trump On Brexit: ‘I Would Have Taken A Tougher Stand'#Brexit#MakeAmericaGreatAgain#MAGA 
WATCH | @realDonaldTrump on Brexit: "I understand the British people - they wanted to have control over their country. Because of immigration, I said Brexit was going to be a big upset and I was right." #TrumpMorgan 
Jacob Rees-Mogg warns Theresa May that she is not more important than Brexit  
Wow! President Trump says he would be handling the Brexit talks differently to Theresa May. Great interview by @piersmorgan #TrumpMorgan 
Teresa May you are a snake in the grass , you are no longer fit to be our PM to lead us out of the EU . Why the hell you are still in power beats me you’ve done nowt to progress Brexit , on the contrary you are backsliding & failing everyone of the 52% .........TIME TO GO MAY ! 
Trump supports Brexit more than Theresa May #TrumpMorgan 
WORLD EXCLUSIVE: President #Trump said he would have taken a 'tougher’ approach to the #Brexit negotiations with the European Union. @piersmorgan Watch the full interview NOW on @ITV. It's also available on the @itvhub #TrumpMorgan 
This is important and logical by Nick Clegg.  Tory leadership division and Labour leadership complacency create danger that we sleepwalk to Brexit.  Transition does not solve it because slow Brexit does not = soft Brexit.  
SFG: Igbos President possible in 2023.ME:Shut the hell up.Reserve that tale for Ohanaeze,Ngige, Kalu,Okorocha,Nwayanwu et al. Real Igbos want a referendum,not the presidency. If you doubt my take,run a poll in South East and see. 
It’s disgraceful @SamCoatesTimes that 19 months on our Govt still hasn’t decided what we want from #Brexit tho ChX has called it right! 
Donald Trump interview: Brexit VICTORY as US president pledges ‘tremendous’ support for UK  
You better shut the hell.Reserve that 2023 tale for Ohanaeze & other S/E political merchants like Kalu ,Okorocha & Ngige. Are you not aware that the S/East prefer a referendum to the presidency? @EmekaGift@Amaka_Ekwo@The_Jonathanian@NkirukaNistoran  
I desperately wanted @UKLabour to succeed and form the next Government. I just do not understand @jeremycorbyn stance on Brexit which will destroy the NHS, bring untold economic harm meaning more years of austerity. It limits our freedoms and rights. Why Jeremy? #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Iceberg dead ahead Capt Corbyn!!!Full steam ahead. Ramming speed!Brexit is not inevitable Ships have ruddersThey can change course.Corbyn doesn't want to change course.Corbyn wants a shipwreck.Corbyn wants us adrift.#StopBrexit 
"Regardless of whether you are pro-EU, or pro-EEA, or a staunch Leave supporter – I think we can all agree that the Brexit process so far has been utterly appalling." #UKGov  
Not sure what's more tragic and pathetic:1. It took three people to write this 2. The pointless xenophobia 3. @Nigel_Farage and his "Brexit bonus"  
Mount Tory is ready to blow over Brexit – and May can’t stop it.There is no way of delivering the Brextremists’ promises, and May knows it.It’s time to #StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
should the house of Lords have a say on Brexit ? We are seeing that the political and media system are attempting to undermine the will of the people 
Brexit is now the position of the political establishment, right and left. Remainers can't work within the major parties, just as Leavers couldn't in the past. We need a single-issue party whose sole aim is to put electoral pressure on them. It worked for UKIP. @francesbarber13 
Yes.Jack Ma was whispering sweet nothings into David's ear prior to Brexit being announced (photo receipt available).It is an uncomfortable fact in Western countries around the World, ex-politicians seem to be landing on their feet in Chinese Companies@LouiseMensch@ericgarland 
Anderson meets Labour Brexit spokesperson   via @M_AndersonSF 
Given that it’s Nadine’s job to vote on things that will fundamentally change our nation’s future, I would suggest that not understanding such key topics - 19 months after the referendum - is very pretty poor. 
Is there anything good about Brexit, we asked."Um," he pauses. "It's hard to think of one.""What Brexit is essentially about is making trade more difficult with our nearest, biggest and richest neighbour. #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit #WATON 
Nothing seems to have been resolved in the #Government’s central dilemna about #Brexit since I wrote this straight after the# referendum : 
No defence left for the BBC – damning figures that prove Brexit bias.   via @theconwom 
Sadly Corbyn is not the answer to Brexit. He supports Brexit and the May Government. Either he needs to be replaced as leader or millions will desert the Labour Party. He won’t change on Brexit, he doesn’t want to and is as exited about leaving the EU as the right wing is.#FBPE 
This must be an all time low in British government leadership and spineless officials. Given that the referendum gave govt a clear task to discharge, this administration simply does not understand. A woefull, pathetic national embarrassment   
Reminder:Rees-Mogg: Britain could slash environmental and safety standards 'a very long way' after Brexit. Standards 'good enough for India' could be good enough for the UK.#StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE #WATON 
As the #repealthe8th abortion referendum campaign gets into gear in Ireland, it’s important to remember that bishops have a history of covering up child abuse scandals. Evaluate their opinions accordingly. 
Why should UK suffer as Conservative party tears itself apart over an undeliverable damaging Brexit that THEY led us to. We urge the Lords - show courage & challenge the contradictions of EU Withdrawal Bill. RENEW will help you lead us back to stability.  
Please RT - MARCH FOR BRITAIN , MARCH FOR BREXIT - 28th Feb 2018 - Outside Gates of 10 Downing Street.  Midday. pic.twitter.com/MzXdlURVD5 
Lets make sure we all watch the Trump Interview at 10 PM tonight, its Trumps way of sticking 2 fingers up at the BBC and giving the scoop to ITV, we can never Trust the BBC, It went very quiet over Brexit before Xmas, it new treachery was about to be performed against Brexiters 
So one of the absolute axioms of rhetoric / coverage around Brexit - “you can’t sign your own trade deals if you’re in a Customs Union” - is not actually true.You can sign them. Turkey’s trade department has, and does...However... 
“The eternal optimist in me hopes the British will not leave or come back at some stage”. The door to #Remain keeps being pushed open by significant influencers in the EU. #Brexit #EternalOptimist 
One thing I have found most shocking about Brexit is how easily in my spare time (around a time-demanding full-time job) I have become more knowledge of the facts around an issue of such magnitude than many who are paid to represent us. 
Post brexit powers going to the Scottish Office is a straightforward power grab. Plain and simple. 
Brexit is a "travesty," Finland's ex-PM Alexander Stubb says  
Jacob Rees Mogg is correct to state if no agreement is reached between UK & the EU then WTO rules will apply, can be a positive development & lead to greater prosperity for Britain, he’s working towards a united front on Brexit. 
As Downing Street dithers, Britain is squandering its opportunity to shape Brexit in its favour 
What Brexit was made out to be, and what Brexit will actually be like.  
Italy's Brexit plan: Milan bids to be UK PARTNER unlike ‘PREDATORY’ France and Germany  
The Brexit Taliban have lost the plot. #Remain is bigger than their petty party politics. #FBPE #WATON 
If there were a #ConservativeParty leadership #election, who would you support? #BBC #SKY @LBC #LBC @ConHome #UK @CCHQPress #Tory @Jacob_Rees_Mogg @Conservatives #Conservatives #UKIP #JacobReesMogg @BorisJohnson #BorisJohnson @theresa_may #TheresaMay #BREXIT #TORIES #DavidDavis 
Being half-hearted, evasive, lacklustre, timorous and tongue-tied are not the qualities needed to lead us into a glorious post-Brexit future, says Andrew Gimson  
Have your say: Should there be a second EU referendum?  
Clock is ticking! Either UK Tory Government agree on a precise form of Brexit or EU will do it for them. So much for “Taking back control”. #Brexit.@GrubeClaus 
What I would like is for someone passionate and clever to go through the finances of the top ten #Brexit Conservative Ministers, to see how badly the new EU off-shore tax regulations set to start in 2019 will affect them and their family trusts. 
Brexit has already cost Britain "tens of billions of pounds" in lost output, Mark Carney says  
Do you know why I quit my job in Vienna to stop Brexit?I thought 15yrs into the future. Saw all the obvious consequences of Brexit & imagined not having done everything in my power to prevent it.I'd hate myselfParty politics is 5 yrs. Brexit is the future of the UK. Prioritise 
Corbyn's #Brexit deception is at odds with mass majority of Labour members. Some FACTS on Labour members:87% want UK to stay in single market;85% want UK to stay in the customs union;78% support a 2nd referendum.Why isnt Corbyn listening? instead he props up May on #Brexit.  
Remainers whoop about 18-35 year olds voting 63% for Remain.Actually, the 1975 referendum had MORE 18-35 year olds voting ‘remain’ (67%), yet same generation BECAME the most anti-EU group in the UK population 41 years later!  
Anyway, with EU guidelines out tomorrow, Brexit transition talks getting under way, v restive backbenches, and PM out of the country this week, it has the makings of a very, very bumpy few days 
Because Leadsom pulled out of original contest Tories never had post referendum reckoning that could have cauterised divisions - May's tenure has been a sticking plaster, more or less containing the party, a near impossible job - still there is no agreement on who might do better 
High Grant wins best supporting actor at @londoncritics awards for Paddington2 ‘Trump, Brexit, me winning...It’s the end of days,’ he says  
Carney clarifies Brexit economic impact - and quadruples is.We’ll be £39 billion poorer – a hit of £750 million per week.Let’s #StopBrexit and fund our NHS instead. #FBPE #NHSLove 
Prime Minister speaks via Twitter prior to the EU Referendum in UK on the 23 June 2016. It was on THIS advice that the people voted. And the people, by a majority of 1,269,501 in the largest vote in UK electoral history, voted to leave the European Union. pic.twitter.com/mkBFUqK0eO 
- 90%* reduction in EU nursing applications since Brexit.  #NHSLove 
'Brexit is going to be damaging,' says IFS chief Paul Johnson, it 'just has to make us worse off'Let’s #StopBrexit and fund our NHS instead.#FBPE #NHSLove 
The Conservative Con. Boris Johnson tricked the country using the NHS to further his groups advertisement for Brexit. (& his own ambition) Not just once, but repeatedly. Remember this when you vote next time. #NHSLove 
#TrumpMorgan Donald Trump only politician with balls of steel getting things done in  Takes no nonsense from anybody. We could do with Donald Trump getting good Brexit deal for . Our 3 politicians Theresa Maybe hopeless,  Jeremy Corbyn pathetic, Sir Vince Cable   
May told to clarify Brexit stance or face no-confidence vote  
Ooh look, there's Lansley, Mitchell and Lilley providing Brexit "advice." #dispatches 
Reminded tonight that every few weeks a story is leaked to the press saying Corbyn is reconsidering his Brexit policy. Remain voters get excited. Nothing happens. See you all again next month.....Suckered again.... 
Lilley is the big story in this #dispatches. Boasting of his links to Steve Baker and #brexit ministers. And clearly able to influence them - largely because there is no transparency in process and lobbyists already make so much hay 
So, we have ex MP’s, and sitting Lords willing to sell information on Brexit to Chinese companies, while us, the plebs who will feel the impact are kept in the dark? Take back control?  #Dispatches 
Peter Lilley - one of John Major’s Eurosceptic ‘bastards’ - tells fake Chinese company that he direct links to Brexit ministers through the European Reform Group. There you go #brexit 
Leading Brexit campaigners like Priri Patel waved their placards and promised £350m a week for our NHS. What they really had in mind was something entirely different.#NHSLove#StopBrexit 
Project Fear propagandists at the Treasury and the Bank of England proved completely wrong as Britain’s economic growth speeds up  #Brexit 
Greedy #politiciansforhire never learn. Ex #NHS health minister Andrew Lansley brags of giving  #Brexit advice to private health firms. Sickening. #Dispatches 
Mount Tory is ready to blow over Brexit – and May can’t stop it | Polly Toynbee  
The Tory Right want a #Brexit that delivers an ultra-free market economy. But that should have been put to the public in an election manifesto & properly debated, not smuggled in under the pretence that Brexit is all about sovereignty & immigration. #StopBrexit #FBPE #LeaveLies 
‘He HAS to go!' Tory Brexiteer MP @NadineDorries  says Remainer @PhilipHammondUK MUST support  @theresa_may 's Brexit red lines or LEAVE  Treacherous Remainers are destroying the UK to save the EU 
WTF #BBCSP presenter @BBCSarahSmith never challenges Brexidiot assertions that people voted Leave to leave the single market & customs union when all polls reject that & she talks about Brexit being "diluted" if the SM & CU aren't delivered. pic.twitter.com/OTS1qZmRq1 
Meet Europe's Latest Threat: She Is A Blue-Eyed Blonde Who Wants "Finland First"!  She hated the #EU, supports Brexit and loves Donald Trump!             #fo2eu 
New poll shows public opinion swinging behind Lib Dem call for a vote on the terms of Brexit:  #Brexit #FBPE #ExitFromBrexit 
We're excited to welcome @acgrayling to Cambridge this Thursday to share his vision on how we can #StopBrexit. Get your ticket for #Brexit: the next steps in the fight against it  #FBPE 
Andrew Lansley, Peter Lilley and Andrew Mitchell ride Brexit gravy train | News | The Times & The Sunday Times  
The cost and distraction of Brexit is putting our NHS at risk. Let’s #StopBrexit and fund the NHS instead. #FBPE #NHSLove 
Excellent piece in today's @newsundayherald about the real impact of Brexit on farmers, business, academics & others in and around St Andrews @silParacchini @BJannettas @univofstandrews 
“ongoing uncertainty & insecurity arising from Brexit is having a destabilising effect not just on the medical workforce, but on the wider health system, access to established networks, the sharing of best practice & collaborative working.” British Medical Association #NHSLove 
I think, with this announcement, Corbyn just lost the next GE... the struggle for leadership, the momentum gained, the youth vote mobilised... and he just threw it all away...for Brexit. 
Take a look on UK cabinet ministers attempting to sell Brexit secrets for their own private gain — one of them asks of euros to be paid withpic.twitter.com/0FRshBW1vr 
#Brexit means resuming our status as a truly internationalist nation. It would be wholly unacceptable to the British people if we remained locked inside the EU's Customs Union unable to trade freely and independently with the rest of the world.  
We believe the UK can have Brexit or can have a world class NHS, such will the impact to our public sector finances.   We choose the NHS #NHSLove#StopBrexit 
Just catching up with #bbcqt good to see @FionaHyslop & the audience giving the Tories a skelping on broken #Brexit promises & #NHScrisis in England in contrast with record @theSNP @scotgov funding of #NHS in Scotland 
If the Chinese want authoritative advice on Brexit I'm offering it for free: They don't know what the fuck they're doing, lads. 
With #Brexit the NHS is dead.Without the #NHS we are all dead.#StopBrexit to save the NHS.#NHSLove 
‘I would be TOUGHER’ Trump slams Brexit talks and threatens ‘unfair’ EU with TRADE WAR  
Because the Brexit demanded by the Telegraph is undeliverable, of course it will feel cheated by any Brexit that can ultimately be delivered.The only 'betrayal' was perpetrated on voters when the Brexiteers promised the earth, dismissed legal fact and lied through their teeth  
Brexit deconstructed: running out of road fastUK remains committed to a monumental change which will affect it for decades to come, whose terms are being defined by a minority government which doesn’t even agree with itself what exit should look like 
Jeremy Corbyn, finger on the pulse of public sentiment around Brexit as ever...basically Rees-Mogg in a red tie. 
The Leave campaign promised £350m per week to the NHS. In truth Brexit will be the death of it. Show some #NHSLove and help to #StopBrexit 
‘He HAS to go!' Tory MP says Hammond MUST support May's Brexit red lines or LEAVE  
The Brexit Government are totally unqualified to lead us in this. These people know less about the functions of the EU than most of the people people reading this. #FBPE #Remain 
Come on @jeremycorbyn, it's too late to fix this Thatcherite Brexit. Get behind #RemainForTheMany and earmark EU-boosted growth for NHS, housing, jobs. @Remain_Labour 
TheGuardian: Spain FO minister @AlfonsoDastisQ among the "authoritarian leaders in the world" for calling 'fake news' the hundreds of videos showing peaceful referendum voters being brutalized by Spanish police in #Catalonia.  
Blocked by Nadine, me - it's been a while - but as a Remainer a shout out to all my fellow notorious Marxists who have made their unflattering views of Brexit known: Matthew Parris, Alex Massie, John Major, Ken Clarke, Chris Patten, Michael Heseltine...the Marxist list goes on. 
Time is running out to stop #Brexit, has #Corbyn's #Labour party dropped the ball by not supporting the #StopBrexit social media campaign?Should Labour support the #StopBrexit campaign?Vote & retweet for a larger sampling.#Democracy #Politics #Poll #FBPE #WATON #PCPEU #ABTV 
Former cabinet ministers trying to profit from the chaos of Brexit.Why am I NOT surprised....once a Tory always a greedy b*stard!!!Andrew Lansley, Peter Lilley and Andrew Mitchell ride Brexit gravy train 
How many programmes on the Royalty must we endure? There's a new one every week!There must be a Scottish Independence Referendum coming up soon. 
BREXITTaking back control of our money was a major reason why so many of us voted to leave the EU. We saw the need to spend more on crucial public services at home rather than sending such huge sums of money to a political & economic union on the continent.  
How can Leave win another referendum? Just make the promises bigger! (by @SKZcartoons) 
If it’s proved true these two ‘Sir Humphries’ are seeking to undermine Brexit, then they must be fired immediately. That would be a strong signal to a sadly offbeam & inept Whitehall  
Yesterday he though Brexit = the Counter-Reformation and the Spanish Inquisition. Tomorrow, Brexit = the Black Death. Tuesday, it'll be Nagasaki. Wednesday is pencilled in for Attila the Hun, but is still technically open to suggestions. 
Am I the only one who after putting in a big effort to attack Tory #Brexit, feels kicked in the teeth by that political shit-bag Corbyn? #StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON 
A year later, and we're STILL waiting for trade talks.26.01.17, FT: Spanish foreign minister Alfonso Dastis has said the EU should begin trade talks with Britain relatively soon and has no plan to impose a “punitive” Brexit agreement that'd weaken London as a financial centre. 
Jacob Rees-Mogg TAKES AIM at Treasury as Hammond does all he can to 'OBSTRUCT Brexit' 
Hard-right multi-millionaire fund manager @Jacob_Rees_Mogg gets more shrill and furious looking each time he's on TV to push a devastating hard Brexit. Strange how no TV hacks ask him WHAT HE HAS TO GAIN from hard Brexit.  
Good grief. Brexit = the Japanese capturing Singapore, apparently.  
.@jeremycorbyn rules out second referendum saying the "ship has sailed" on the UK remaining in the EU  
That free kick from Kevin Debone the most Soft Brexit goal I've ever seen. Not strong enough to kick it over the wall the fucking nancyboy! 
Budget deficits in the U.K. are expected to continue into the next decade as a result of Brexit and poor productivity  
Resign! Owen Paterson tells Remainers to back Brexit or LEAVE Cabinet   
More symptoms of Britain's #Brexit sickness. Anyone who disagrees is either a 'traitor' an 'enemy of the people' or a "Marxist' with a 'secret agenda'  
Jacob Rees-Mogg: Chancellor's Brexit comments have caused 'real trouble' for the Government.#Moggmentum#Brexit  
What are you doing in the next 60 seconds?Hopefully voting in this @SkyNews poll on a second referendum!#StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON #NHSLove @W_A_T_O_N 
Tomorrow the EU outlines their position on Brexit:4 Freedoms aren't negotiable Unicorns do not existPhase 1 is legally bindingThere is no Red White & Blue BrexitBrexit means Brexit with all the consequences You don't hold any cardsYou're leaving but you can #remain#FBPE 
Former cabinet ministers have been exposed attempting to profit from a new cash for Brexit gravy train in Westminster, following an undercover investigation.This needs more exposure!   
My complaint about Corbyn is not that he is too far Left, but that on many areas of foreign policy, including #Brexit he is standing far too close to Putin and the far right. Look at his foreign policies, not his domestic ones!#StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON 
This is the man who could save Brexit. @MoggMentum 
Corbyn doesn't have to say remain is impossible, nor rule out a 2nd ref, nor rule out staying in SM & CU.He does this by deliberate choice.Tory hardbrexiters move with confidence because they believe Labour will be whipped in supportCorbyn is enabling #Brexit 
Jeremy Corbyn says 'ship has sailed' on UK remaining in EU as he rules out second referendum.Corbyn is shamelessly colluding in Tory #Brexit, standing alongside Murdoch, Dacre, Farage and the Tory Right.#StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON 
BBC bias is too subtle for many because it occurs by omission rather than by blatant propaganda. Tory and Brexit lies aren't challenged and demonstrations aren't reported. Labour spokespersons are rarely interviewed, yet Tory relics like Lawson & Lamont are regularly disinterred. 
If after Brexit we are no longer under the ECJ, have control over immigration and can negotiate trade deals with 3rd countries, it doesn’t matter a damn if we negotiate a customs union with the EU. In fact it’d be in each side’s interest to do so. 
They’re worried about Brexit. So they should be. #SupermarketTest 
Consequences of Brexit are too serious for Jeremy Corbyn to say ‘that ship has sailed’, as he did on #Marr. We were lied to, & Brexit would seriously damage our country for a decade or more. We need a chance to confirm or reject Brexit once facts are known  
How has the #brexit ship sailed when we haven't left yet and the Europeans are clear we can stay if we want to. why are you siding with hard right tory brexists @jeremycorbyn cos you can forget the rest of your program if we do what you advocate 
Pierre Moscovici, the European Commissioner for Economic and Monetary Union, on Brexit: "If the British want to change their mind, that would be very welcome." 
Donald Trump has said he would have negotiated Brexit with a “different” and “tougher” attitude to Theresa May  
Today’s papers• Tory Minister leaked intelligence• Tory MPs sign letter of no-confidence in May• 2 Tory MPs step up leadership bids• Tory Cabinet divided over Brexit• Tories give May just 3 months• 3 ex-Tory Minister in cash for influence sting• Tory MP has affair 
Jeremy Corbyn has said the "ship has sailed" on Britain's membership of the EU. Do you agree, or should there be a second EU referendum? Have your vote! #Brexit 
'Door is open' if Britain wants to change mind on Brexit, says EU's Moscovici  
People are waking up to the absolute betrayal of #Brexit being planned by Mrs May & cronies like #Hammond. Now @theresa_may is shelving a major speech so she can continue selling us down the river without having to face the public. Unbelievable cowardice! 
#Brexit and the Establishment: what you need to knowWe've voted to leave the EU. But who is really going to win from Brexit?And what should we do now? WATCH THE FULL VIDEO ON YOU TUBE:  
#KateHoey If Labour were to propose remaining in a #customsunion with the EU after #Brexit it would be sending a huge signal to Labour supporters up & down the country who voted leave that we were selling them out. It would be real downgrading of democracy  
Why are the media esp the @BBC peddling divisive opinions on #Brexit from “French Algerian broadcasters and Portuguese journalists” as if they were government policy. It’s just seditious muck raking.  
President Trump is claiming he would take a "tougher" attitude toward Brexit negotiations with the European Union than the approach now being used by British Prime Minister Theresa May  
The electoral franchise (those who are allowed to vote) should also include the 3m EU citizens in the UK & ALL @BritishInEurope. #Brexit directly impacts our lives by reducing our #citizensrights. We are part of the social fabric of this beautiful country.And we have no say. 
THIS. “Soft” Brexit is still their Brexit which a minority voted for in a flawed anti-democratic referendum poisoned by lies and disinformation.  
A 3-year transition period after Brexit where the UK stays in the single market, the customs union and the jurisdiction of the ECJ is unacceptable.  
You know that old saying:A decision to leave a supranational coalition is for life, not just for 5 years.Or was that puppies...? Brexit is a permanent and irreversible harm to this country. It will be the main constraint on the policy of whoever wins the next election. 
Scotland’s towns and cities are being caught in the cross-hairs of the Tories push for a hard Brexit.  
Politicians for hire: Something rotten at the heart of Westminster: Three Tory ex-Cabinet ministers touting for #Brexit business:Andrew Lansley £5,000 per day;Peter Lilley;Andrew "six different roles" Mitchell £6,000 per day. 
The UK's success over the past 20+ years in attracting Foreign Direct Investment was based on its place within the Single Market, political stability and the English language. If Brexit proceeds, you can kiss goodbye to future as well as existing jobs. 
Yesterday, in Birmingham at an event organised by the Roosevelt Movement. Plenty of people who were touched by our stories and lots of questions on the future of EU citizens after Brexit. @InLimboBrexit 
Jeremy Corbyn convenes ‘away day’ to discuss Brexit policy shift  
Kate Hoey MP - "Parliament voted overwhelmingly to have a referendum and accept the result of the referendum. It was made very clear that if we left the EU we had to be leaving the internal market and the customs union." #Brexit  
Donald Trump - "The EU is not cracked up to what it’s supposed to be. I would have taken a tougher stand in getting out. I have a lot of problems with the European Union." #Brexit  
Can we please please lower the curtain on this #Brexit farce? We are making absolute fools of ourselves. We need a government of unity formed by all the sensible MPs and experts (yes, experts) in our land. And fast.#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Is the Brit Gvt piling in resources to Mundell's Scotland Office for a reason? Is this the future Spanish-style direct rule HQ of the Brit Gvt if Scot Parl refuses to give leg consent for the Brexit Bill? Concerns grow more vocal as Hands Off Our Parliament protest is planned. 
You can tell the Tory party is in total disarray over #Brexit and May’s leadership and the electorate are shunning them for a viable alternative.  
All this really demonstrates Alex is that unionists want to make up as many reasons as possible not to talk about the huge economic, industrial and social damage #Brexit will do to Scotland. It's a distraction tactic and you've fallen for the trap. I haven't. 
It's been clear for months now that @UKLabour is losing public support & members because of #Brexit & in particular because of the minority opinions of @jeremycorbyn @johnmcdonnellMP along with @BarryGardiner & others on the hard Left who support #HardBrexit#StopBrexit #WATON 
Just in case you ever doubted that Brexit was always about the @Conservatives lining their pockets. @CCHQPress 
CUT THROUGH THE CRAP: Mistake of anti-Brexiters was/is to argue about variants of Brexit. Since Farage/May control the form of Brexit - not us - that's pointless. Cut the crap & say: produce your plan, it's bound to be worse than staying in EU & there must be a referendum on it! 
A new poll shows that public support is growing for a referendum on the Brexit deal - and it's time that Jeremy Corbyn's Labour party got off the fence and backed it:  #Brexit #FBPE #ExitFromBrexit 
That's why the best policy is to .... stop Brexit!  
We're saying the "ship has sailed" on EU Membership without knowing how damaging the Brexit deal will be.We're saying we want better than Norway / EFTA countries and with more influence, yet only EU membership would deliver this.We're not making sense. 
"The public should have the chance to take a final decision on whether or not to leave the EU in another referendum when the outcome of the negotiation is known?"Agree: 47%Disagree: 34%via @ICMResearch, 10 - 19 Jan 
"I would have taken a tougher stand in getting out" - US President @realDonaldTrump on the UK's handling of #Brexit negotiations 
Typical Remoaner nonsense by MassieThere is no UKIP, Tory or Labour brexit.It is the people's BrexitMetro MSM elite onanists can't bear the fact they lost the referendum.  
Britain is heading towards a “dilution of Brexit”, with the country in danger of remaining in the EU “in all but name”, former Cabinet minister Theresa Villiers has said  
WEAK THERESA MAY ‘BEING FORCED INTO SOFT BREXIT BY REMOANER MANDARINS’It’s time she showed some leadership for once!        #fo2eu 
MOGG PUSHING FOR CLEAN BREXIT, ‘PEOPLE DON’T WANT BRITAIN TO BE A VASSAL STATE’Under Theresa May’s leadership there’s a serious risk the will of the people won’t be enforced!       #fo2eu 
So Jeremy Corbyn rules out a second Brexit Referendum and will vote with the Tories to take Scotland out of the EU.What are waiting for? 
.@Jacob_Rees_Mogg tells  why he's backing Prime Minister @Theresa_May. #Brexit  
Theresa Villiers is furious that Brexit isn't hard enough & is adamant that as much damage should be done to the UK-EU relationship as possible... Her constituency voted 60% to remain! Of course, she'll be protected by her wealth...#Representing #BrexitShambles #bbcsp #StopBrexit 
.@KateHoeyMP claims some Labour MPs like @ChukaUmunna are using Brexit as a way to get at @JeremyCorbyn because "they've got very little to do now because they can't campaign for a new leader"  
Brexit: Britons favour second referendum by 16-point margin – poll  
@kingbill73 @damocrat @nickreeves9876 @Ferretgrove @MarieAnnUK @UKLabour @Labour4EU @IAmMardikins @Dan24126868This morning Jeremy Corbyn announced that the Labour Party would not support a second referendum. Is it time for the likes of Chuka Umunna to stand up and be counted? 
GALLOWAY: 'Brexit in name only will make the British people very angry indeed', says @georgegalloway.The establishment's agenda to keep Britain in the EU won't wash with the public. 
My complaint about Corbyn isn't that he's too far to the Left, it's that on #Brexit and several other areas of foreign policy he's far too closely aligned with Putin and the far-right. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Brexit is going to damage us says IFS Director,no good outcome in short or long term  
The ERG's leaked WhatsApp conversation just reveals what we already knew: that Leave MPs don't do detail and therefore misjudged the complexity of Brexit. /1  
The direction of travel seems to have gone in only one single direction: towards a dilution of Brexit  via @Telegraph 
-Tory civil war-No govt agreement on trans or future relationship-Poss leadership election-If so, a GE probable-Tusk, Macron, Juncker & Tajani say UK can stop-Polls show support for ref on deal-& Remain edging ahead-Labour reassessing policyBrexit is so not inevitable! 
Finland election brings NEW threat to EU: The Brexit-backing Farage fan vying for Finexit 
HURRY UP: 'Theresa May needs to stop dithering and get on with delivering Brexit', says Westmonster's @Michael_Heaver. If she can't even inspire her own party, how can she inspire a nation? 
The Foreign Secretary is to spell out his vision of a “bold internationalist, liberal buccaneering Brexit”  
Our best option is to #StopBrexit. And polls show a majority of the public want to #Remain in the EU.Brexit will be a disaster for jobs, workers’ rights and public services. Time to #CampaignToRemain. #FBPE #WATON 
**Sunday evening #StopBrexit Twitter Storm**Tonight we are going with the NHSLove hashtag as Brexit will be used to break up the #NHS for privatisation. From 6 to 8 pm (GMT) please join in by Tweeting this meme (or your own) with # NHSLove. Please RT so we hit number 1! #FBPE 
Jeremy Corbyn has disappointed Labour members and supporters by explicitly ruling out supporting a second EU referendum  
Villiers: Brexit Being Diluted Brexit Minister: We're Not Backsliding 
Brexit has been a destructive force to the lives of millions of people already, particularly @The3Million and @BritishInEurope: we will soon have lived in limbo for 600 days. Many of your nurses and doctors are leaving because they have had enough of it. Meanwhile: 1/ 
Corbyn disappoints Labour supporters as he rules out a second referendum  
Data from the ICM 5k sample Brexit poll finds that 66% of those CON remain voters who had a view back a second referendum 
Every region & nation of the UK and every social class have a majority in favour of a referendum on the exit deal vs remaining. On outcome, it's about 50-50, but IndyRef & GE2017 show us how a campaign can shift opinion dramatically. #FinalSayForAll 
Jacob Rees-Mogg - "Talk of remaining in a customs union sets off alarm bells and changing from an implementation to a transition period where we remain a vassal state of the EU is very concerning. People don't want that."  #Brexit  
I wrote this back in May about the danger of Brexit to be the last straw for the NHS... just as relevant, if not more so, now: 
Well said, from Brexit supporter.  
"Brexit is about making life better for ordinary people"*Pound plummets**Cabinet members attempt to sell brexit information they won't release to the public**They ask to be paid in fucking Euros*  pic.twitter.com/E8JDvzDGuQ 
By some distance most worrying aspect of Times #brexit investigation is Peter Lilley boasting of informal links w/Davis, Baker and Fox and could use his influence w/them. There is almost *zero* transparency in Brexit process  
What we’ve lost *already* through Brexit growth slowdown:“It’s enough to raise the NHS’s £126 billion budget by nearly 10%”  
Tories in TurmoilBrexit Gravy Train?! They’re at the fun fair on loop the loop it’s a circus ex fireplace salesman now Defence Sec Gavin Williamson leaked intelligence to cover up affair Tories going on “Suicide bombing” mission to get Theresa May!   
Retired & Tory voters are becoming more pro-Brexit. Students and Labour supporters are become much more pro-EU.The dimensions of political parties and Brexit are starting to align. 
Dear 17million #brexit voters since you all knew what you voted for and know what #brexit means could you speak to David Davis and Co since they don't appear to have an effing clue 
CZECH REPUBLIC: During a TV debate, now victorious presidential candidate Miloš Zeman said Czech citizens should have a direct say on political issues and that he is not opposed to a referendum on EU membership.  
Tory cabinet ministers here attempting to sell Brexit secrets for their own private gain. One of them insists on being paid in euros.But sure, it’s the EU that’s corrupt. 
Dorries, do you purposely go out to make yourself look daft or is it just in your nature? Hannan was a constant in the media in the run up to the referendum. Saying crap like this.  
The House of Lords is there to “revise and advise”, not to block Brexit, which has been given a mandate which is “bigger than ever before”, says @isaby 
WATCH | Huge Tory backlash against government handling of Brexit this morning. This time, Theresa Villiers: "If you go too far with compromise you get to a point where you wouldn't genuinely be leaving the European Union. We wouldn't be respecting the result of the referendum."  
MOGG: Brexiteer pushes for clean Brexit - no to customs union, no to Britain becoming a vassal state.'The promise to the British electorate that we would leave on the 29th March. We've got to deliver.' 
Mandarins opposed to Britain’s withdrawal from the EU have “taken control” of the Brexit agenda and are “forcing a weak Prime Minister” into a soft Brexit, senior government figures and MPs have warned  
 What's Labour's position on Brexit today? #Marr  
WATCH: Conservative Peer @rosaltmann on the upcoming votes in the Lords on the Govt's EU Withdrawal Bill & how the British people did not write a blank cheque for a hard & destructive Brexit. Please RT:  
#BBCSP The #Tory splits on #brexit are inevitable, as they’re trying to deliver the impossible - a brexit that works for #Britain without destroying our economy. #TheresaMay herself admitted that, though she probably doesn’t want to be reminded : 
‘Leave with NOTHING!' Furious Brexiteer demands Britain must WALK AWAY from Brexit deal   @Conservatives @theresa_may 
Am I the only person that thinks Brexit is a smoke screen covering over huge damage this dullard thick as whale shit government are doing to our society. 
It took Britain centuries to gain its position of influence in world affairs and one referendum to lose it 
Reminder: Voters were grossly misinformed about the main issues in the #Brexit referendum, in all cases in favour of #Leave. This is a damning indictment of the state of British media. Britain is much more a failed democracy than a healthy one.#StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON 
U.S. President Trump says he would have taken a "tougher" attitude toward Brexit negotiations than the approach used by British Prime Minister May.  
The general election was AFTER the referendum.Prioritising the Referendum means you actively don't care if the country has changed its mind.And dont forget, the minds of those who voted for you haven't changed. They still hate Brexit!@JeremyCorbyn #Marr 
This is mad. Lord Lansley, the former health secretary, was secretly filmed offering his knowledge and connections from to provide “intelligence” on Brexit to a Chinese company offering him tens of thousands of pounds. [Source: The Times] 
The Government should remember we voted for #Brexit not #BRINOAnything else is a betrayal of what we voted for.We must leave EU in full March 29 2019Freedom of movement must end then.We did not vote for a transition period.#Brexit #Marr  #Paterson #bbcsp #bbcqt 
It is unbelievable in our country today we have both main parties wanting Brexit for their own Eurosceptic interests? This is not democracy 
I feel so betrayed, hurt and disappointed by the people who not only voted Brexit but continue to support Brexit that I don’t know how I can forgive half the country even after we stop Brexit. How can I trust my fellow Brits after this? How can I sympathise with their problems? 
Do you know what might clear all this confusion up? A second referendum.  
Kate does not understand that the Brexit issue is about our country - it’s not about our leader or party. Her constituents, like mine, both in Lambeth - which scored the highest Remain vote in the country - expect their MPs to fight a hard Brexit not campaign for it. 
Here’s a leaked WhatsApp chat showing Tory leaders' confusion over one of their key Brexit demands…  
Peston brexit experts todayNadine Dorris:didnt know u cant strike own FTA inside CUKate Hoey:couldnt name economist that supported Brexit 
Labour MP Kate Hoey with her best friend Nigel during the EU referendum..She really does need to be chucked out of the Labour Party . 
 has for the first half hour been Brexit Central. Now in order to give illusion of balance a few brief minutes for @thatginamiller. 
Unfortunate that  only has pro-#Brexit Tory MPs on the programme this morning. How about a Labour MP or a pro-European MP? 
WATCH | @KateHoeyMP: If Labour were to propose remaining in a customs union with the EU after Brexit "it would be sending a huge signal to Labour supporters up and down the country who voted leave that we were selling them out. It would be real downgrading of democracy!"  
David Cameron tried to reform EU & failed...Brussels treatment of Cameron told us what to expect.EU are incapable of ANY change & Brussels will just ridicule us for our efforts.EU is unreformable, undemocratic & unwanted...Much Better off OUT...#Brexit #EU 
After Brexit Pret A Manger will be legally obligated to change its name to "Bread-a-Munching". 
When Jeremy said this morning that the ‘ship had sailed’ on a Brexit referendum, he meant of course the 2016 referendum. The ship for a referendum on Mrs May’s terrible Brexit deal enters port in October & the overwhelming majority of Labour members intend to get on board! 
Key Academy Trusts have sounded a warning warn over pay, staff levels & maintenance costs.  Tory education policy is falling apart at the seams due to lack of money.  Education in crisis, NHS, Emergency services, armed forces... Brexit & Austerity is crushing the UK  #Marr 
Sack any “mandarin” in Whitehall who does not enthusiastically work towards a complete Brexit.  
Brexit is "a lose-lose situation" but "the door is still open" to Britain, European Commission's @pierremoscovici says  
Donald Trump: I would be 'tougher' in Brexit talks than Theresa May  
Kate Hoey is wrong. Our manifesto did not say we would leave the Single Market and Customs Union. It said we would seek to retain the benefits of both - the only way of doing so is by continuing to participate in both if we Brexit @pestononsunday @Peston 
Jeremy Corbyn: 'The Ref gave us the result it did, we wanted to #Remain & Reform but that ship has sailed.'ME: The ship's not sailed & therefore can still avoid the #Brexit iceberg...if the Will's now to #StopBrexit U R no different from Tories in denying the Ppl a #FinalSay! 
Corbyn's #Brexit deception:1 Rules out UK remaining in customs union;2 Rules out UK remaining in single market: the Norway option;3 Rules out 2nd referendum;4 Openly ignores Labour Party members on Brexit.The weakest Tory Govt in post-war times supported by Corbyn. #marr 
“All economists, with one or two very ideologically aligned exceptions, all economists take the view that from an economic point of view Brexit is going to be damaging”: Paul Johnson, Director of Institute for Fiscal Studies.   
"We're not asking for a second referendum" - @jeremycorbyn speaking on @MarrShow about @UKLabour party's position on #Brexit #marr 
The current state of British democracy: - 17.4m people vote for Brexit. - A group of unelected civil servants don't want Brexit.- The Prime Minister listens to her civil servants.  
The usual 'clarity' from Corbyn again on Brexit. We're now getting 'easy' movement of people in the mix now. Tories there for the taking and we get this. 
So much for listening to @UKLabour members. Whatever cost, chaos whatever the dreadful deal May brings back, no chance another referendum 
Corbyn won’t even listen to his own members. They want a second referendum. He won’t give it to them. #marr 
Outrageous cakeism from @jeremycorbyn on #Marr. If we leave the EU we cannot have power over their rules on standards and tariffs. And if he doesn’t know what @UKLabour members think about a #FinalSay referendum then he should be paying more attention 
WEAK: Spineless Theresa May 'is being pushed towards a soft Brexit by Remoaner mandarins behind the scenes'.Show some leadership, for goodness sake. Deliver the will of the people. 
Clear from what Corbyn says on #marr that he has still to give much serious thought to the complexities of Brexit.He just wants out. 
People wondering why @libdems not doing better despite clear, unique anti-Brexit message should look at media schedules - not a single Lib Dem on any of the Sunday shows today. This is not down to lack of effort on our part. We're being cut out of story. 
.@guardian has declared President Miloš Zeman’s re-election as a “thin but decisive majority”. He won with 51.5%.Leave won with 51.9%, so that was a decisive victory too, right?!  #Brexit  
‘That ship has sailed’ says @jeremycorbyn of the referendum. So we help the Tories sink the country with its hard right hard Brexit? Why? 
A thread in which the BBC's Nick Robinson tells us rather more than perhaps he should about the BBC's stance on reporting #Brexit@Andrew_Adonis @campbellclaret @mikegalsworthy @thomasbrake @DavidLammy @IanDunt @ChukaUmunna @mrjamesob#StopBrexit #FBPE 
The Brexit battle with a highly unrepresentative House of Lords is about to begin this week. There should be no doubt that if the Lords do not respect the will of the people major Lords reform must follow 
David Lidington says judge PM on her record; so mass underfunding of the #NHS, no public sector pay rise, mass levels of homelessness, child & pensioner poverty up, cuts in defence spending & lets not start of #Brexit mess - Cracking record! #Marr 
OMG #Marr just said 'Boris has a passion for more money for the NHS" he doesn't give a sh*t about the NHS. No one has done more to take money away from the NHS than Boris Johnson. Diminished tax revenues thanks to Brexit means we can expect the NHS to be permanently underfunded. 
.@DLidington wants us to “Look at what @theresa_may’s saying and doing in office”Ok:NHS Crisis Schools Crisis Brexit ruinousPrison Crisis Food bank use UPHomelessness UPPoverty UPIncrease in debt The @CONservatives are a disgrace. #Marr 
Difficult decision for @MarrShow newspaper review today, concentrate on Tories offering to provide "intelligence"  on Britains Brexit negotiations to a Chinese company for £££ or on a Tory Ministers extra marital "flirtation", you can guess which way it went  
Brexit is navel-gazing of the highest order. We aren’t talking about the things that will really affect our futures - elderly care, AI, climate change, solutions to the global refugee crisis...We are talking about British jam. 
Tories really are in a mess, talk of pressure on PM from former party chairman and some Tory MPs for her to go. Senior cabinet members on "manoeuvres" undermining her. Allegations of Tory sleaze on Brexit&profiteering from ex ministers. Right wing Tory MPs demanding hard Brexit 
Tories in Turmoil?Brexit Gravy Train?! They’re at the fun fair on loop the loop it’s a circus ex fireplace salesman now Defence Sec Gavin Williamson leaked intelligence to cover up affair Tories going on “Suicide bombing” mission to get Theresa May! #marr 
It’s a nice idea, but robotics and artificial intelligence won’t come close to filling labor shortages in a post-Brexit Britain, when many immigrants, who provide much-needed labor, will be forced out of the country.  
In the blue corner, representing Leaving the EU with a Hard Brexit we have three Tories (Natalie Evans, Jacob Rees-Mogg & Nadine Dorries) and the most right wing Labour MP (Kate Hoey) - In the red corner we have comedian Nish Kumar.  not even trying for balance this week. 
Message to young people. If this IS your priority then FGS vote for it. Vote to Stay in the EU. Not for a "soft" Brexit. Or for "access" to "a" single market. Or for customs union. They all still mean you lose FoM. Vote Remain. Mobilise. Email your MP. Tell your friends. #Remain 
A Canada-style Brexit deal is the obvious solution: No ECJ, no EU regulations on other activity, no contribution to the EU budget, no restrictions on fisheries or agriculture policy and freedom to cut tariffs or sign global trade deals, says @JLongworthLML 
There are now three or four distinct Brexit camps in the Cabinet alone and they all have equally legitimate (& daft) claims to represent 17 million voters. This is perhaps the neatest illustration of David Cameron’s weapons grade complacency. 
When the entire UK cabinet can't agree what #Brexit is and the majority of MPs together with the @DExEUgov don't yet know what the implications of #Brexit are, how come #Leavers #Quitlings and #Brexiters claim they knew what they voted for. Are they some sort of higher beings? 
There are too many lies, too much obfuscation around Brexit.   It’s tedious & time-consuming to deconstruct them all, esp when they come thick & fast. But the devil is in the detail of Brexit. Unpicking the lies & unpacking the detail is key. 
From senior Tory MP on Theresa May's future:"Vast majority of Con MPs and ministers believe she is hopeless. But many think would be irresponsible to hold three month leadership election at critical Brexit moment.However Boris and Williamson are actively working to topple her..." 
Despite undergoing radiotherapy, I went out in the rain to campaign for us to remain in #Euratom. Leaving puts #cancer patients like me needlessly at risk. Please sign petition:   A Tory #BREXIT= #NHS selloff to Trump's billionaire healthcare providers. 
If it’s no longer the bureaucrats of Brussels of course it must be the bureaucrats of London....#Brexit  
Bitter wrangling in Cabinet shows a govt with no collective idea or agreement about what Brexit means.Resorting to the “will of the people” as an argument that 17m people understood & agreed what Brexit meant is an utter nonsense. 
NB Peter Lilley, trading his Brexit connections here, is on Mrs May’s forthcoming peers list to flood the Lords! pic.twitter.com/JcPx9NoQ9v 
Jacob Rees-Mogg vision of a Brexit success is a Britain destroyed so the the entitled few can enrich themselves from the spoils. He shows no compassion or understanding of how society functions in a collaborative way and that there is a need for welfare. #Marr  #Paterson 
Two must-read articles this morning from #Brexit Facts4EU.  Read the facts then our 'observations', where our Editor slams the govt.  And where we finally give up on David Davis, sadly. @Number10gov 
In today's Brexit news: Ministers watering down Brexit bill to avoid Lords defeat | EU expands Brexit 'no deal' team | Mandarins opposed to exiting EU 'forcing weak PM into soft Brexit' | Boris to challenge Theresa May to demand a ‘buccaneering Brexit’  
BREXIT BETRAYAL: Weak Theresa May 'being forced into SOFT deal' by Remainer civil servants. Time for her to Go?  
No wonder they’re delaying on Brexit....Weak May’s cabinet sees pro-Brussels stooges outnumber patriotic Brexiters by nearly 3:1!  
Ex Cabinet Minsters caught in Sunday Times sting selling their post Brexit expertise for thousands a day  
A Tory Brexit is increasingly indistinguishable from a Ukip Brexit. Boris Johnson and Jacob Rees-Mogg are Kippers with Latin grammar, says @alexmassie 
Bring back control to our marvellous British institutions, they cried.Judges are enemies of the people. MPs are traitors. Lords will be saboteurs. The CBI next & now the civil service betray...Reality bites #Brexit pic.twitter.com/vLAJBMB5DU 
READ: Full text of Jacob Rees-Mogg’s Brexit speech  via @BrexitCentral 
The majority of the UK now do not want Brexit and it is time our politicians started listening.  
If Labour had supported votes for 16-18 years olds voting in EU Referendum, in @LibDemLords amendment, we could've had a v different result! 
Let me get this straight, Tories want to withhold Brexit information from Parliament and the public who elected them but are happy to provide "intelligence" on Britains negotiations to leave the European Union to a Chinese company for £££! This is as rotten as it gets  #Marr 
It is time for a new Prime Minister. Theresa May is not only a disaster on Brexit but she can’t lead & has absolutely no clue on domestic issues like the NHS, social care, education & immigration. Time for a real leader to lead the UK, it has worked in the USA  
No, the problem is Brexit, not the civil service!  
'Brexit is going to be damaging,' says IFS chief Paul Johnson, it 'just has to make us worse off'  
Significant. The voting age should also be 16 for the forthcoming referendum on Mrs May’s Brexit deal.  
Former cabinet ministers have been exposed attempting to profit from a new cash for Brexit gravy train in Westminster, following an undercover investigation  
Brexit extremist Jacob Rees-Mogg is an authoritarian who fully supports Donald Trump. He wants the hardest of Brexits knowing that his fortune will shield him while the rest of society falls into servitude. His Victorian dream! Not in the national interest #Marr  #Paterson 
Tories in Turmoil?Brexit Gravy Train?! They’re at the fun fair on a loop the loop it’s a circus ex fireplace salesman now Defence Sec leaked intelligence to cover up an affair Tories going on “Suicide bombing” mission to get Theresa May! unfucknbelievable pic.twitter.com/zsHNK0wvji 
Jacob Rees-Mogg has warned Theresa May that if she delivers "Brexit in name only" the Conservatives will lose the next election. Is Theresa May helping Jeremy Corbyn get into Number 10?  
Exclusive: Mandarins opposed to exiting the EU 'forcing weak PM into soft Brexit'  
Your reminder that #Brexit is a xenophobic UKIP project by tax dodging elites to destroy workers/environmental protections, to escape EU tax avoidance rules due in 2019, & to sell off the NHS to US corporations. It will make everyone else poorer. #FBPE #StopBrexit #WATON 
Afghanistan's players have fetched far better than England's players in #IPLAuction. Nobody wants to take people who voted in favour of Brexit. 
Are Tories walking to election defeat by delivering what @Jacob_Rees_Mogg  calls BRINO: Brexit in name only. join me @lbc from 7 
Well if someone had told me I could buy followers on Twitter I would have made sure I bought a better quality than you lot of neoliberal, Socialist, pro Brexit, anti Brexit fuck wits....nah I love ya really, keep the debates coming. Be kind, be civil and if you can, be funny. 
We must stop Brexit ; We cannot let the UK go down the PAN  !!!!!!! 
So @Andrew_Adonis only has 6 minutes (!!!) to give the perfect anti-Brexit speech in the Lords.I think he might need some help.What do YOU think he should say against Brexit?#FBPE 
This nurse is very brave & wonderfully articulate. Please read this article & do as he says...the public are NOT aware of the implications. The NHS is dying NOW, it is more important than any other issue right now - including Brexit. Please take the assurance of another nurse.  
It’s been obvious since the referendum campaign that the civil service is thick with arch Remoaners who are trying to frustrate Brexit. This cannot be tolerated.   
UK heading for 'dilution of Brexit', says former minister  
Is it time for a second Brexit referendum?Do vote and retweet for a larger sampling.#Brexit #Politics #Poll #FBPE #WATON #PCPEU #PROEU #ABTV 
Given a choice would you rather be a #British Citizen an #EU Citizen or Both?Do vote and retweet for a larger sampling.#Brexit #Politics #Poll 
New vote? Not needed. The referendum was invalid. We can all see how much harm #Brexit will do. We can and must #RemainInTheEU. 
Brexit is like rioting. It's not hard to whip up people into thinking they are taking on the establishment, but in the end their protests only harm their own environment and cause long term damage to themselves. 
I'm craving a full English Brexit 
When they start blaming the civil servants and diplomats, you know desperation is setting in. They can only deliver what is possible & agreed by cabinet. UKGov's Brexit policy is neither.  
Corbyn needs to consider his position and then resign. It's the only ethical thing for him to do, given that the majority of Labour members, voters and MPs do not share his opposition to the EU.Then, instead of just backing membership of SM and CU, party needs to oppose Brexit.  
PM told: raise your game in 3mths or face revoltIt's been a tough 18 mths, grass roots #Remain vs. a compliant media & 2 main party machines each using #Brexit 4 its own ends. The odds are stacked but we're growing in no. Now's the time to stay strong. 
Sounds like May is in real trouble now - perhaps she can just come out and admit that, as she has certainly been briefed, Putin and his associates helped procure the 2016 leave vote , and we must therefore stop the "brexit" process,  and have a new and  untainted vote 
The judge who must authorize Puigdemont's attendance for his investiture has a facially invalid case against Puigdemont for sedition and rebellion, let alone theft of the public funds used in the 1-O referendum, a public function.  Fascist gamesmanship to deny democracy.  
CSC mulls University-wide referendum on charter change  
The Lords has the right to ask the Commons to reconsider Brexit.Brexiters said leaving the EU would be all gain and no pain. But the people didn’t have the full picture.We have the right to think again, says Vernon Bogdanor.#StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON 
Trump critical of Theresa May on Brexit, says he would have been 'tougher'  
The so called mandarins are the highly competent civil servants who are keeping the Brexit negotiations on a reasonable course but even they can't deliver a cakist solution demanded by some of the Brexiteers within the cabinet 
“Brexit is going to be damaging,” says IFS chief Paul Johnson. It “just has to make us worse off”.He is asked if there is anything good about Brexit."Um," he pauses. "It's hard to think of one."Just #StopBrexit. #FBPE. #WATON. 
If the govt don’t deliver a proper full clean break brexit we will deliver to them to a permanent position in opposition.ENOUGH OF YOUR TREACHERY,WE VOTED OUT, SO GET OUT, GET OUT NOW,WALK AWAY TODAY.  
So why DOESN’T he support Brexit? Corbyn’s nationalisation plans ‘ILLEGAL under EU law’  
Not only has Peter Stringfellow ditched the Conservatives, but he has now joined the @LibDems - if you think he is the only one, you are wrong. The libDems are openly anti brexit which I why I joined them.,...  
6/ The Government referendum leaflet sent to every household makes no mention of the GFA nor how leaving the EU will impact it? Does this omission of key information undermine the referendum mandate?  
Czech election result: EU panics as populist Zeman wins - and he WELCOMES EU referendum  
Only a 16 % lead of people that want a second referendum ; still let’s bring it on so we can remain in the EU & then PM can resign  & stop the UK  going into Recession  . 
"With the United States led by a president who displays a disturbing fondness for rights-trampling strongmen, and the United Kingdom preoccupied by Brexit, two traditional if flawed defenders of human rights globally are often missing in action."  
Theresa May told: raise your game in three months or face revolt.Look May, it's simpleCANCEL BREXIT FFSSIMPLESCouldn't care less about saving your party from destruction. Your only concern should be your country.#Remain #FBPE #Brexit 
The infighting and chaos that is the Tory attempt to deliver the madness of #Brexit  is getting steadily worse.   I don’t care what happens to the Conservatives but I care very deeply about what happens to Scotland  and this mess is harming us, our economy & our prospects  
'This is VERY BAD for Macron' Blair reveals how Brexit could HURT French president  
Unless the #Tories take steps to replace #May very soon there will  be a complete collapse in Govt's ability to continue negotiations on #BrexitA 'move' must surely come within the next 10 days? 
Or to put it another way Members of the Civil Service whose job is to be politically neutral and act in the public interest are telling the Prime Minister that Brexit is a load of shite and should be reconsidered. pic.twitter.com/L1lI6sfMGc 
Two questions, who is providing the funds for the massive increase in funding to @DavidMundellDCT and Why? Come on guys, look a wee bit deeper Brexit bill delay and his spend now HUGE, come on 1+1 = Scots sh*fted, get this odious man out of Scottish politics, now would be good. 
“Brexit has triggered lobbying frenzy as biz attempts to acquire intelligence about the negs. Several former ministers said to have become ‘guns for hire’ to those seeking advice from within govt..more than 20 politicians making money out of Brexit.” Which the country won’t....  
Apparently we're supposed to believe that 17million Leave voters knew exactly what Brexit meant, when the 20-odd Cabinet ministers appear distinctly unsure. #FBPE #StopBrexit 
Boris Johnson will challenge Theresa May to demand a ‘buccaneering Brexit’ amid fears PM will ‘f*** this up’  
Tomorrow's front page: Tories in turmoil, Ex-cabinet ministers ride Brexit gravy train #tomorrowspaperstoday 
More evidence of ex-cabinet ministers caught profiteering from the Brexit gravy train! #FBPE 
*BREAKING NEWS* President Trump has criticised Theresa May & the British Government for their handling of Brexit negotiations, saying he would have 'taken a tougher stand' against the EU. Full story from my exclusive ITV interview here:  
Andrew Mitchell MP also appeared happy to give paid Brexit advice to the Chinese company. He charges £6,000 a day  
Lord Lansley was secretly filmed offering to provide “intelligence” on Brexit to a Chinese company offering him tens of thousands of pounds  
Donald Trump has appeared to criticise Theresa May's handling of Brexit, saying he would have "taken a tougher stand" in negotiations.  
I’m not sure what the UK’s priorities after Brexit should be, but the @BBCBreaking ‘s should be SPELLING MIDDLESBROUGH RIGHT 
Former cabinet ministers have been exposed attempting to profit from a new cash for Brexit gravy train in Westminster, following an undercover investigation  
I am both totally inspired by, yet simultaneously sick to death of the public having to CROWDFUND legal action in order to ensure this cheating, sham govt is held to account for its actions-on Brexit, the NHS...it is endless.Just imagine what they’d be getting away with if not. 
Both EU27 & UK are weakened by Brexit as UK will become a 3rd country & will no longer longer have any role shaping EU Security & Defence Policy. NATO will still be there but it is not able to combine soft & hard power or include important security role of neutral countries.  
A Sunday headlines car crash for the Government in Tory-sympathising broadsheets. Take your pick from Brexit chaos, briefing wars between pretenders to the Tory throne, & Gavin Williamson spinning himself into deeper & deeper trouble.  
The @Telegraph is getting increasingly nervous about Brexit. Thus the only sane, rational people in London have to be termed “Mandarins” ( first cousins of the Brussels Buteaucrats) and only pols quoted are extreme Brexiters. #There is no civil war like a Tory Civil War. 
I have just one request of #marr:An honest, comprehensive, factual, balanced and meaningful debate on the benefits of Brexit.For I have yet to see any benefits at all to the vast majority of the British people. 
At this point @jeremycorbyn has to decide whether he's against a devastating Tory Brexit which impacts our industries, our jobs, our rights and our protections or whether he's for his own reservations about Europe. Labour people are clear, we're against. 
The Sunday Telegraph: Mandarins 'forcing May into Brexit betrayal' #tomorrowspaperstoday 
Corbyn convenes ‘away day’ to discuss Brexit policy shift  
New poll shows public opinion swinging behind Lib Dem call for a vote on the terms of Brexit:  #Brexit #FBPE #ExitFromBrexit 
This woman is betraying the democratic vote of the EU referendum 
Since the referendum vote, the BBC has seemingly been on an all-out mission to find every reason why leaving the EU is disastrous for the UK – and it has avoided reporting the benefits... 
UK Brexit negotiation team?  
More polls showing a Remain lead in a new referendum. And non-voters would now vote Remain. Time to #StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
Democrats claim "Russian bots" are behind the #ReleaseTheMemo hashtag. Last month, they said Russia "hacked Brexit withFacebook ads." Facebook investigated & found Russia spent a total of 97 cents "meddling" in the Brexit vote.They have no credibility! 
"IS BREXIT BRITAIN,S SECOND D - DAY."Brexit for me was Britain,s D-Day moment, snatching a victory from the jaws of defeat. Its not too far fetched to see it in this way as Germany has retaken Europe replacing the Swastika with the European flag without firing a single shot  
@Jacob_Rees_Mogg has coined new phrase: BRINO. Brexit in name only. it will stick unless they put Chancellor back in his box 
Tim Montgomerie: 'Good to see Jacob Rees-Mogg speaking up for the Brexit that Theresa May promised to deliver.' 
Rees-Mogg is spot on: "If the Conservative Party doesn't deliver the Brexit that the British people voted for, the Conservatives will not win the next election".  
Public voted4 #Brexit &public voted 4a Tory Gov't.Tory Gov't have a majority of votes in Parliament, so if you have any complaints about Brexit, #NHS Waiting lists,lack of housing & social care,etc: Tories have been in power for last 8 yrs:#AllTogetherNow vote Labour next time 
Resign! Owen Paterson tells Remainers to back Brexit or LEAVE Cabinet. “There is a perfectly simple option for Cabinet ministers who do not want to adhere to Government policy - resign and go to the back benches." May is too weak to sack them though!   
Every single type of hate crime rose in 2016-17.Which party is responsible for this unprecedented rise in hate crime following the Brexit vote?  
Racists on Twitter,who say they're Irish,must spend ages looking for the *perfect* combo for their profile. Tricolour - tick. Some manky aul blurred crusader cross - tick. Pretendy coat of arms - tick. Some odd rant about Soros, women, Brexit ,Ireland needs to *get real* etc-tick 
"Bloody Sunday, Brexit & The Democratic Process" Audio of speech, Derry, 26th January 2018  
If #brexit doesn’t happen it’ll be all the proof you need to know that we have lived in an illusion, but NEVER a Democracy. 
We offered peace through the Uluru Statement from the Heart. How is peace not a real solution that can not be won at a Referendum? The continual rejection of our hard work within govt frameworks makes us want to ‘shut it down’. Our calls for Voice, Treaty, Truth are clear.  
Looking forward to hearing him on Brexit.  
"All economists, with one or two very ideologically aligned exceptions, all economists take the view that from an economic point of view Brexit is going to be damaging"* For damaging read less wealth, more austerity, less public services, more poverty 
Guns, feminism, climate change, trophy hunting, Brexit, ISIS, Arsenal, his mother... and Meghan Markle.It's all there. ITV, Sunday, 10pm.  #TrumpMorgan 
Simple question? Would you change your mind and vote to remain in the EU if we was to have a second referendum? Yes = Change my vote from Leave to remain Remain No = I would vote again to Leave RT please 
Our Parliament has developed "Brexit Seige Mentality" - a condition where anyything becomes believable..The People need courage and credibility from their temporary representatives..#SilenceKills#StopBrexit#WATON@RemainerCreates @RemainingKind @spaceangel1964 @Andrew_Adonis 
Boris is spot on in his lonely bid to make the positive case for Brexit, says @TheBluetrot  
Referendum on Brexit terms moving from the hypothetical to the likely. The parliamentary struggle is just beginning - Tuesday's House of Lords debate on the Withdrawal Bill the opening skirmish, which is why the Govt has guillotined it!  
We need a strong pro-Brexit party.  There is a ready made pro-Brexit party called #UKIP.  We need to attract all Brexiteers.  We need to oust Henry Bolton, get a respectable leader, professionalise, modernise and hey presto! #Brexit  
If u can stand the patronising tone, can u work out what he's arguing? The surge in racist attacks post Brexit weren't real, just people's feelings? That racism is subjective? We shouldn't take racist incidents seriously because the racist didn't report it too? #whitesplaining 
Here's a leaked WhatsApp chat showing Tory Leavers’ confusion about one of their key Brexit demands.Nadine Dorries says she didn't know enough about the customs union to argue the point.No clue and no plan. #BrexitShambles #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Meet the young man who voted Leave, regrets it, now leading campaign to get students active against Brexit. GoodLuck  
Resign! Tory Brexiteer @OwenPaterson tells Remainers to back Brexit or LEAVE Cabinet  Brexiteers back Britain the British people and EuropeRemainers back the EU & destruction of Europe 
Brexit takes away my rights & yours. Brexit is a slap in the face to the rest of the EU. Brexit is for the rich to avoid tax. Brexit makes us poorer. Brexit will destroy the NHS. Brexit is betrayal. Brexit is lies. Brexit is not the will of the people. #StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON 
Treachery afoot methinks..."Brexiteers will insist something very big happens in March 2019, but all indications are that nothing really will happen.""Britain is redefining its relationships with EU, which is very different to leaving EU."#Brexit #EU 
New ICM poll shows 2 point lead for Remain in hypothetical 2nd referendum. What's changed? Non voters from 2016 lean Remain. Interesting.  
The fudge of the initial #Brexit deal exposed in full technicolour by @CliffTaylorIT it is going to get bumpy. @mikegalsworthy @RCorbettMEP @mickfealty @solange_lebourg @EUtopean 
Full text of the letter to UK business about Brexit transition from Davis, Clark and Hammond  
BBC news this evening, no mention about Czech Republic populist victory in election! @BBCNews @newswatchbbc mustn't show the viewers any anti EU sentiment that would strengthen #Brexit referendum. Hopefully Italy next!!  
Churchill wanted peace in Europe, not a divided UK.Jacob Rees-Mogg heckled by anti-Brexit protesters from Bath for Europe  via @NewsNowUK#StopBrexit2018 #FBPE #WATON 
BBC Radio 4 giving more airtime to Gisela Stewart to argue why the British people should not have a second vote. She says a second vote would be undemocratic and applauds Mrs May’s approach to Brexit. BBC how many more Brexiteers do you have on standby. #FBPE 
The Czech election has been won by Milos Zeman who has threatened to hold a referendum over #EU membership. 
When Jacob Rees-Mogg and I agree on a Brexit issue, maybe it’s time for the government to take note...   My latest @FT column 
Rather sad to see such an intellectual vacuous and economically illiterate article in @nytimes by @petersgoodman spreading #FakeNews of UK Remoaners re #Brexit - reality stock mkt record high, unemployment record low, annual debt cut, deficit cut - pls note @susanchira ;-) 
The #BrexitShambles that is UKIP confirms what research has shown; namely that many Brexiters are authoritarians who are bound to struggle with the idea of cooperation & compromise for the common good.#StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
Give over - You haven't bothered to conduct any economic assessment @DavidDavisMP, you are unqualified & ignorant to the impacts of BrexitMeanwhile, every serious economist & HM Treasury say Brexit is damaging to our country - even before we leave our country will be 2% poorer  
Hammond is doing all he can to wreck Brexit & feels free to make a joke of PM, she invites criticism at every turn because she’s out of her depth but mocking her at DAVOS & attacking cabinet colleagues undermines the Gov’s entire Brexit strategy & ref result. 
So to sum up, everyone would like a final referendum on whether we stay in the EU except for pensioners, who are immune from the financial effects of Brexit and will be dead by then anyway.  
Theresa May suggests UK health services could be part of US trade deal.Brexit is putting our NHS at risk. Let’s #StopBrexit and fund the NHS instead.#ProEuropeans4NHS. #FBPE. #WATON. 
Czech Republic election: EU panics as right-wing populist Zeman WINS, welcoming an EU referendum. In 2015, Zeman described Muslim refugees pouring into Europe as an "organized invasion."  My kind of president. Well done Czech Republic! 
And they even got a “Bollocks to Brexit” sticker on his back...  
Hammond’s indiscipline shows why May should have moved him – and why she must stop dithering over Brexit, warns @wallaceme 
Campaigners across the UK braved the elements today to show how Brexit is putting our NHS at risk.Well done to these #ProEuropeans4NHS heroes on the Brexit & NHS day of action.@euromove @BestForBritain @mikegalsworthy @Scientists4EU @_Britain4Europe @HealthierIn #FBPE #WATON 
David Davis demands UK say on EU rules during Brexit transition He really isn't with the programme is he? The man is a thundering dunderhead with no idea what's going on in the world around him. May should retire him off before he does any more damage. 
And this was always so ludicrous anyway. Imagine 16m were voting to leave the single market and customs union and 1.4m explicitly wanted a Norway plus customs union (which is still Brexit) - they'd still be in a minority against 16.1m Remain voters  
Still weirdly unfashionable to say this, but it is #BecauseOfLabour, too. They have happily three-line-whipped their people to back this wicked Brexit policy every step of the way.  
Me interviewed by @businessinsider  The rather simple economics of Brexit  
New Czech President endorsed Trump and has has proposed a referendum on the Czech Republic's membership of the EU. Bye bye EUrazis. 
You're talking about taxing the super rich, and making sure they don't go elsewhere by having other countries do it too. That means having common rules between countries. Once again, @UKLabour's ideals don't match its Brexit policy.@johnmcdonnellMP #Davos2018 #labourdoorstep 
If the fortunes of Britain depend on the naivety of Mrs May & the goodwill of Brussels, I say God help us. Conservatives must act now to deliver on the result of the referendum: nothing else. May seems frightened of Juncker, Hammond, Grieve, Clarke, Soubry, Corbyn & Khan. Gutless 
THE 3 MOST SUCCESSFUL BRITISH POLITICIANS OF THE LAST 50 YEARS? Thatcher, Farage & Blair, in that order - my conclusion in book I'm writing with Will Hutton on the Brexit crisis. Key to reversing Brexit is to remove Farage from office as de facto Prime Minister! 
Congratulations to President Milos Zeman of the Czech Republic  who has just won a second 5yr term and who wants a referendum to take his country out of the EU. There are also moves in the same direction in Finland  #UKIndependence  @UKIP 
MILLION MIGRANT MADNESS Unlimited EU immigration to continue until 2021… and they can stayTories threaten to block #Brexit legislation as David Davis confirms change that could see more than a million more immigrants flock to UK  
Brits have the right to rethink Brexit, says Tony Blair.“It’s not too late. We’ve got the right to rethink.” Whatever you think of Tony Blair, he’s right on this. We need to #StopBrexit.#FBPE @InstituteGC 
Resign! Owen Paterson tells Remainers to back Brexit or LEAVE Cabinet   
I feel like I am in some kind of alternative universe. How can this pair be heralded as working class heroes. #FBPE #StopBrexit #brexit  
HungaryPolandAustriaNow the Czech Republic...Soon, Italy.Cracks are appearing in the EU, and it ain't looking pretty in Brussels.And, I didn't even mention Catalonia (secession from Spain) or Switzerland (re-evaluation of its relationship with the EU), let alone Brexit. 
Truly shameful that the wholly untrue claim that UK trades with non-EU countries on WTO terms is *still* being peddled by a senior politician. It's one thing to support Brexit, quite another to do so whilst wilfully refusing to engage with basic facts about what it entails.  
Rees-Mogg, when not running ERG, a Party within the Tory Party, is in the gang Economists for Free Trade. They would unilaterally drop UK tariffs to zero and make us a dumping ground; destroying our farming, our manufacturing & whole communities.It's called the Brexit bonus.  
It’s so toxic, she can’t even make a speech on it.They can’t publish the impact reports, they can’t be honest but they can’t keep telling lies either. Tories are turning their Brexit mistake into a disaster.  
YESSSSSSS...****....Czech election result: EU panics as populist Zeman wins - and he WELCOMES EU referendum  
Again that lazy London media and prejudice led notion that Brexit is the fault of Northern working classes people is torn down. Brexit was won by entitled, retired, pensioned home owners in the south. God bless those in that group who resisted Farage jingoistic call.  
Labour-run Hammersmith & Fulham Council first local authority to formally back a second #Brexit referendum. 
The basic #Brexit position rn: “OMG! You’re trying to change people’s minds using facts and arguments and reason and and AND WORDS. And you’re calling for a further democratic vote when higher quality information becomes available. You’re such a fascist!”Seriously, what?  
We warned you all about this @DUPleader - This is a direct result of Brexit  
Think Brexit is bonkers? Help build the movement to #StopBrexit:1. Search #FBPE2. Follow pro-European accounts 3. And then #FollowBackProEU.RT to keep spreading the word and building support. 
It was @vincecable who was first to warn us of the banking crisis. He is right, too, to warn us about Brexit and now the urgent need to do something to save the NHS.  
No wish to spoil your weekend, but these few sentences bring home our #Brexit slide into irrelevance.#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
German national, Claudia Karl, shares childhood memories of post-war #Germany and how they affect her today, living in #Scotland following the #Brexit vote. She says, ‘I don’t want history to repeat itself’. Please share her article:   
'The Lib Dem ‘stop Brexit’ ship is sinking. Now, many of their supporters are flocking to Jeremy Corbyn'  
Andrew Neil used BBC shows to campaign for Hard Brexit as dishonestly as any Brextremist politician.  
Theresa May wants to be PM more than anything else & she is going for Hard Brexit to keep herself in place for as long as possible. Any ambition she may have ever had for her country has never been a consideration since walking into No 10. 
Thank you Tim. But I havent succeeded: this Brexit thing is a continuing failure & a calamity. However, I now see a clear game plan for the British people to save themselves from Farage. Just! 
Czech election result: EU panics as populist Zeman wins - and WELCOMES EU referendum  
THE CHANCELLORPhilip Hammond is a public servant, but behaves as if he is some sort of one-man government who sets his own agenda & ignores everyone else including the 17.4 million people who voted for Brexit... not that we should be surprised.  
Parliament never voted to accept the referendum decision. Without this decision triggering Article 50 was wrong and renders it invalid Democracy must be restored. #whereisthedecision #A50challenge @A50Challenge 
The impact of Brexit on financial services will be negligible - including them in a Brexit deal could be a mistake, according to a new @UKandEU report 
Don't forget to watch Channel 4 Dispatches - Corrupt Brexit Politicians for Hire: Cashing in on Brexit - Channel 4 Dispatches WILL be broadcasting this controversial Dispatches investigation into Brexit lobbying Sunday night at 7pm. #StopBrexit #FBPE #Tory #Corruption #Brexit  
Poll suggests Scotland more anti-Brexit than ever before. Majority across UK in favour of #EURef2 to correct previous “mistake”. 
This is a graphic representation of the feelings of UK citizens in the EU, who have been ignored and betrayed by Brexit too. EU citizens in the UK feel the same. None of this is acceptable. @MichelBarnier @guyverhofstadt @DavidDavisMP @theresa_may Via @Helenreflects 
1. Come on speech writers...but your best feet forward...then let's find someone younger & inspiring to deliver it...but under no circumstances let Brexiters CON you into a Gen Election to sort #Brexit...has to be  Single Issue Binding #FinalSay in 2018. 
If @campaignforleo can take sides in a referendum, how can he stand over legislation demanding all radio presenters remain impartial. Leo I believe you should resign with immediate effect and look up the definition of fair leadership!  
Irish PM to campaign to liberalise abortion laws in upcoming referendum  
Article on problems created for HMRC by Brexit. No doubt the same story can be found across the civil service, not to mention in business and professions. So much effort, cost and distraction. And all entirely foreseeable.  
The Brexit referendum happened due to Tory party in-fighting, not in the national interest. Jacob Rees-Mogg is yet again pushing for extreme policy to protect Tories in power not for the benefit of the UK. BS needs to stop. Brexit is crushing the UK. #BrexitShambles #StopBrexit 
*bangs head on the desk repeatedly*  Here's A Leaked WhatsApp Chat Showing Tory Leavers' Confusion About One Of Their Key Brexit Demands  
You're talking utter BOLLOCKS, @NadineDorries . You're a cynical liar and should be ashamed of yourself. People were REPEATEDLY told that #Brexit did not mean leaving the Single Market. Do I really have to send you the link to all the times this promise/lie was peddled?  
Mogg was forced out of the second referendum closet  
Brexit transition could take up to THREE YEARSWe are in Transition Now, we don’t need 3yrs after 2019!  
Those of us who support the remain cause are accused of being unpatriotic - here is how the decision to leave is viewed in New York - they see it as diminishing our role in the world - precisely what we were saying before the disastrous Brexit decision!  
The UK economy has defied Brexit doom-mongers to grow 1.8% in 2017  
The Telegraph are saying Jacob Rees-Mogg has warned Theresa May: 'The less Brexit, the more likely you are to get Corbyn'. This sounds like a win-win to me. 
May Brexit speech cancelled after Hammond’s Remoaning interventions  
Reality starts to stare Government in the face, no doubt to be followed by much frothing and spitting from the Brexit headbangers.Instead of kicking Brexit down the road, it's time to admit the devastation ahead and #StopBrexit 
The British public will have to wake-up from their #Xenophobic #Brexit induced stupor and realise sooner or later that they have been 'DUPED AND EXPLOITED' by unscrupulous politicians whose only interest is their own self-serving interest!   
Writing my speech for Lords debate on EU Withdrawal Bill next week. Very short because Govt is guillotining debate & we have 6 mins each! Just a few tweets. Rather like Brexit policy itself! 
Why so afraid of what a tiny fraction of 26% of the population may or may not do? Why ignore the other 74% of the population? Why? Because the people, all of them, are just so much collateral damage. Brexit is, and always has been, for the few, not for you. 
."Brexit often becomes a flag of convenience for all of this. But because much of the media sees the question of Brexit as settled, very little of its roots are examined.". by @Bonn1eGreer 
The  audience in #anyquestions in Chester - a Leave voting area - is applauding Frances O'Grady (TUC) & Stephen Dorrell (European Movement) while being critical of the Quitlings Gisela Stuart & Pete Waterman. The tide is turning against Brexit. #FBPE #WATON 
To all the Tories agitating over May's leadership: by all means replace her. She is indeed inveterately and irredeemably useless. But not even Churchill could solve the mess of Brexit. The greatest card player in the world can't play without any cards.  
#Brexit is hollow & rotten at its core; based on Bluff, Bluster, BS, Deceit, Denial, Delay & Democratic deficit.It can only leave us Poorer, Weaker, with less Control & fewer Rights.Binding #FinalSay in 2018 to Confirm or #StopBrexit.#ConfirmTheWill don't Silence it. 
If May's allowed to get away with a fake Brexit with all its EU concessions, a change of leader just before the GE will not be enough to save the @Conservatives, nor will complacency about being better than the Labour alternative. 
NO to #EU LawsJacob Rees-Mogg“We should NOT accept new laws that come in from EU during implementation period, Full Stop.If it’s an implementation, why should it be implementing new laws?”“I can’t see why EU would expect us to do this either”#Brexit 
Good to hear the audience laugh and jeer when arch-Brexiteer @GiselaStuart explains that Brexit is about "giving back control to the people to decide their fate", but under no circumstances letting the people ever think of changing their mind about Brexit ! #bbcaq #FBFE 
Day of action today on #Brexit threat to #NHS   e.g. needlessly leaving #Euratom  risks losing access to isotopes for treating #Cancer via @euromove 
Dunkirk and Darkest Hour fuel Brexit fantasies – even if they weren’t meant to | Ian Jack  
Jacob Rees-Mogg warns Theresa May to be bolder on Brexit or risk 'getting Jeremy Corbyn' and accuses Philip Hammond of trying to 'thwart' Brexit  
High alignment denies us Brexit...it’s thwarting Brexit - @Jacob_Rees_Mogg  
Here's A Leaked WhatsApp Chat Showing Tory Leavers' Confusion About One Of Their Key Brexit Demands  
The next time a Brexiter tells you Brexit will be fine because 'most countries in the world aren't in the EU' show them this. It's a map of the world's regional Free Trade Areas. Ask which major economic power isn't in one. #StopBrexit 
My cartoon Saturday @TheTimes. Nature Notes: Cloned macaques (Rhesusmoggus farageis) #Brexit #Clones 
Love a good argument. I voted Brexit and Brexit I shall have. Proud Englishman. history graduate, ex-soldier and QPR fan. For Brexit Pro Exit  
CALLING 'EUROPEANS': German reporter began conversation yday with: 'We in Europe ....' I interrupted: 'We are in Europe too. That's the whole point of stopping Brexit. We're every bit as European as you & the French.' Her response? 'No-one's said that to me before.' Let's start! 
Great meeting in Bath on what we can do to stop #Brexit thanks @Wera_Hobhouse @brufatto_tom and @bath4europe 
People are waking up to the absolute betrayal of #Brexit being planned by @theresa_may & cronies like @PhilipHammondUK. #TheresaMay has shown Unbelievable cowardice! #MayMustGo  #BBC #SKY @BBC @LBC #LBC @ConHome #UK @CCHQPress #Tory @Conservatives #EU #NEWS 
Allow me to reiterate: this is what #brexit is. This is what it is for. If you think otherwise, you have been shamefully deceived.  
Have Leavers changed their minds about the economic effects of Brexit?Very slight shift. But still 80% say economy will be better off/Brexit will make no difference(And, of course, this was never an economic vote to begin with)  
So apparently Remainer Philip Hammond has vetoed the PM making a speech on Brexit next month. That is not how things are supposed to work, Mrs May. 
May Brexit speech cancelled after Hammond’s Remoaning interventions. Rees-Mogg seems now to be the leading Tory who can salvage Brexit.  The PM is making a hash of it.  
So,1. We had a referendum and voted leave.2. Theresa May pledged to carry out the results of the referendum if the Conservative party won the general election and they did.There have already been 2, yes 2 democratic votes.Enough. Time to move on.#Brexit   
I suggest we make every taxpayer in the UK register with HMRC as Remain or Leave, giving us the possibility to share the ‘Brexit bonus’ with Leavers only, or raise from them any lost tax revenue which Brexit may cause.I suspect there wouldn't be many who registered for Leave. 
Brexit is now becoming quite offensive. There is an obvious intention to defy the vote and not leave the EU. Are 17.4 million people going to say something about this because if they don´t no point at all will exist for having voted in the first place. Its your vote - protect it! 
Remainers & Establishment Brexiteers now talk of 3-yr 'Implementation Period'. We don't even accept a 2-yr one. Are we out of step? Pls like & RT if you're with us.  Original daily #Brexit news:  
Campaigning against #Brexit with @Labour4EU @ct4europe @EK_EuropeanMove @Open_Britain #Ashford town centre 
An interesting thread from the Europe editor of the Telegraph. The point I take away that I hadn’t thought of is that the harder the Brexit (and essentially hard is defined as leaving the customs union) the longer the transition will have to be - much longer than 2 years.  
Without experts where would we be?No doctorsNo surgeonsNo dentistsNo solicitorsNo architectsNo nursesNo teachersNo paramedicsNo police officersNo judgesNo specialists in any fieldBut plenty of inexpert Brexit ministers & MPs whose only qualifications are money & tie  
UK, ICM Research poll:European Union Membership ReferendumRemain: 51% (+3)Leave: 49% (-3)Sample size: 5,075Field work: N/A 
Time from ref to the (possibility) of (actually) leaving EU has gone from 2 yrs to 2.5 yrs to 5 yrs and now looking like 6 yrs.Kick Brexit far enough into the long grass and many will just give up on it (along with democracy). 
Fantastic response on #Harpenden High St today. Lots of people eager to sign up & talk over their concerns about #Brexit, #Euratom & the spiralling impact on the #NHS. #FBPE #ProEuropeans4NHS #FinalSay 
I have not seen the British people so badly served by so many poor MPs in decades. Their #brexit obsession is intended to divert our attention from their inability to resolve health, housing and social crises. Britain deserves better. #brexitreality #SendOutTheClowns 
The Institute for Fiscal Studies confirms that #Brexit ‘is going to be damaging,' and will ‘make us worse off'   (via @BIUK_Finance) 
Furious Conservative MPs demand that Theresa May gives Chancellor Philip Hammond a ‘final warning’ in Brexit row  
And @guyverhofstadt Today we remember that the survivors of the Holocaust were saved by countries that believed in freedom, patriotism and a responsible nationalism that defeated an ideology bent on creating a new form of nationalistic Europe #theirsacrificemadeusfree #Brexit  
You can tell who the Brexit supporting journalists are... They report enthusaistically the economy growing 0.1% faster than expected in the last quarter bc the World economy is flying & not that the UK economy grew a full 1% slower than could've been expected but for Brexit.  
Campaigning in Hammersmith to save the NHS from the disaster of Brexit with EM Ealing @euromove #stopbrexit 
We all knew that Brexit was going to fail since the referendum and we all knew that brexiteers would find someone to blame rather than try to rectify the problem.  
You think that's bad? During Scots Referendum, Labour made lists of independence voters sent the lists to Daily Mail to have those citizens hounded on their doorstep. That's what Labour have become. 
Eventually, when all of the other countries follow the U.K. this is what the new Europe will look like!#Brexit @Jacob_Rees_Mogg  
People are waking up to the absolute betrayal of Brexit being planned by Mrs May and cronies like Hammond.Now May is shelving a major speech so she can continue selling us down the river without having to face the public. Unbelievable cowardice! 
Those Russians are a model of efficiency! It only cost them 97 cents to "corrupt" the vote on Brexit. Meanwhile, Hillary's $1.2 billion campaign couldn't convince people to vote for her over Trump. Putin must be a genius!  
Whenever I mention that wages in some sectors are rising as a result of post-referendum labour shortages, some on the Left hit back: "But firms will just pass on those costs to customers or be forced into bankruptcy."Exactly the argument that was made against the minimum wage. 
With ever increasing dismay over May's Brexit negotiating should there be a transition period at all & how long should it last ?RT 
The ideology of Minford, which destroyed Labour heartlands under Thatcher, sits behind the "benefits of Brexit" nonsense. He openly admits it will "mostly eliminate manufacturing" This must be stopped, we cannot have another lost generation #StopBrexit 
I've just heard that remain supporting tory MPs are frightened to speak out against #Brexit because they'll be vilified by the right wing press, this isn't democracy, its fascism orchestrated by May's preacher's of hate, Dacre, Mudoch, Desmond and the Barclays, #StopBrexit. 
Davos 2018: US Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin says the US is 'very supportive' of the UK on Brexit, reports the FT. “As soon as the UK is ready, we are prepared to negotiate an attractive trade deal", he added. 
May ditches Brexit speech as Brexit battles intensify | MPs demand Hammond is given "final warning" | Davis calls for Britain to sign trade deals during transition | UK economy defies gloomy predictions to grow 1.8% in 2017  
Is @BBCs coverage of #Brexit impartial or biased & pushing a pro #Brexit Government agenda? #FBPE #WATON #BBCbias #BBCBias4Brexit #StopBrexit #remainernow #Remain 
Jacob Rees-Mogg has been ambushed with his own words and forced out of the second referendum closet, says @andrew_adonis. 
Keeping freedom of movement is the top Brexit priority for young people  
We’ve created perfect storm for Brexit in this country over decades, by successive govts & media (BBC, etc) failing to inform the public of workings & benefits of EU membership - mostly because govts feared being overshadowed by EU’s more progressive regulations. @campbellclaret 
John McDonnell now suggests a Brexit transition of up to 4 years. That would take us up to the next general election. Labour continue to treat Brexit as a political football when this should be about our country's future. 
."The sticking plaster that was placed over the Irish Border question in the December deal which allowed the Brexit talks to progress is about to be slowly prised off.". by @CliffTaylorIT 
"Whether or not you agree with their attitude towards Europe, do you think Labour's position on Brexit is clear/unclear?"  
Urge the Government to recognise #AnimalSentience and improve #AnimalWelfare! This is your opportunity to make your voice heard on this vital issue! Be a voice for the voiceless. DEADLINE: 31st January 2018. Visit:  #KeepWildlifeInTheWild #Brexit pic.twitter.com/4PQhhdZG6G 
Ken Clarke on @LBC: Many Tory MPs are afraid to speak out against Brexit because they fear being vilified by the right-wing press. If that’s true, our so-called democracy is in big trouble 
Finland election brings NEW threat to EU: The Brexit-backing Farage fan vying for Finexit  
IT'S BRINO BRITAIN! Furious Jacob Rees-Mogg says UK heading for 'Brexit In Name Only'  
People voted to leave the EU, Mr Hammond. There was one question on the ballot -leave, yes or no. They voted having been told that meant exiting CU and SM. Stop trying to confuse. Stick to the Lancaster House speech. Talk #Brexit up! pic.twitter.com/EP5v3NTl3S 
engage with it consistently feeds the idea that the UK is special/superior etc. In the context of Brexit this helps explain why we now see discussions about a new Royal Yacht Britannia and Empire 2.0. See also @aljhlester excellent  in this context. 13/ 
Migration: the role of hypocrisy and a selective reading of history—and what it means for Brexit—explained with two tweets: 1/  
If the EU stops the UK from triggering signed FTAs for 2 years after Brexit, it'll cost us tens of billions in lost export opportunity.US exports to Morocco rose 118% within 2 yrs of the 2005 US–Morocco FTA.NZ exports to China tripled within 5 yrs of the 2008 NZ–China FTA. 
Dear @DavidDavisMP there can be no meaningful democracy where the public is systematically deceived by lies & disinformation. Far from continuing with #Brexit we should be debating how to prosecute & punish those who have so grossly perverted our democracy.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
The Irish are having another referendum on abortion, to see if public opinion has changed. How odd, they must be running some kind of democracy. #FBPE #WATON #StopBrexit #2ndref 
OUT: ‘Brexit transition’ set to go on for years. That means open borders, EU laws and unable to enact trade deals.Let’s leave now!  
IF WE GET A SECOND EU REFERENDUM ON BREXITIt's essential that we NOT campaign on why leaving the EU is bad.But instead build a positive campaign on why staying in the EU is good.IE "What has the EU ever done for us?"Answer = lots. 
Jacob Rees-Mogg - "If the Conservative Party doesn't deliver the #Brexit that the British people voted for, the Conservatives will not win the next election."  
The Guardian poll shows that basically only the over 65 (retired) and unemployed or otherwise economically inactive now support Brexit. These are exactly the vulnerable groups that will suffer most from post-Brexit cuts. #FBPE #StopBrexit 
Ahem...The Tory cabinet is split down the middle fighting over Brexit.The Tory party has been split down the middle for 40 years fighting over Europe.The Tory party has been split down the middle forever fighting over hard-right/soft-right ideology.  
We need to take Jacob Rees Moggs lead and tighten up this move on Brexit because we are getting nowhere fast and Comrade Corbyn are getting a sniff of going for this 2nd referendum making out it's for the people David Davis needs to toughen up and come home with some good news 
Nah, spoilt metropolitan leftward accuses Brexit for buggering ALL restaurants, including chains: 30 Byron’s, a dozen Stradas, a dozen Jamie’s Italian - all gone too. AND a bunch of great indies.  
This is disgusting. Suella Fernandes is prepared to sacrifice something of enormous benefit to the UK on the altar of Brexit. If this really is “Government policy” then the government needs to be changed. #StopBrexit2018  
The utter failure of this timid May Government to deliver a meaningful and dynamic Brexit ushers in the prospect of a Corbyn Britain and the subsequent collapse of Britain. Thanks Theresa. 
Here's A Leaked WhatsApp Chat Showing Tory Leavers' Confusion About One Of Their Key Brexit Demands  via @alexGspence 
Here's the thing... there are tons of Brexit technical complexities with Euratom, radioisotopes, EASA (airplane maintenance at airports), etc...But the ruling party don't do these kind of details. They want blue passports, commemorative stamps and Big Ben bonging us out. 
Finland election brings NEW threat to EU: The Brexit-backing Farage fan vying for Finexit  
Can Britain hit the reset button on Brexit? Even Theresa May's government isn't sure that leaving is a good idea  
Appeasement never works. We tried it in 1939 and it resulted in WWII. The more you appease the more they will demand. We need Brexit negotiators who fully understand that. 
Brexit Bill farce proves Westminster is not fit to govern Scotland  #Referendum2018 
Tories 'will lose next election if Brexit is delivered in name only'  
Now clear that we're being totally betrayed on #BrexitTory Gov says we're leaving on 29/3/19But in reality absolutely nothing will change for two YEARSThis transition period will never be long enough for the #REMOANERS so it will be repeatedly extendedTories have betrayed us 
Gov saysDuring 2 yr transition period we'll STILL bea) In EU Single Mkt/Customs Unionb) Allowing foreigners to take our fishc) In the jurisdiction of the EU Court of Justiced) Allowing open door immigration from the EUe)Paying £Billions to the EUThis isn't Brexit#Betrayal 
Gangsters’ paradise: Brexit presents new opportunities for organised crime  via @TheEconomistAt least some people will benefit from Brexit ...#brexitshambles#stopbrexit 
And on, and on, and on ...  UKIP needs to transition into a mass movement or Brexit will be betrayed.  
Times:  "May ditches big Brexit speech in effort to curb cabinet rows". She's not even pretending to lead any more, is she.    
Public opinion is not rallying behind #Brexit   On the contrary, it is swinging against it - and a majority now want a #Referendum on the withdrawal deal:  
UK GDP growth hits a 5 year low despite a Surge in world economy which has raised growth everywhere except UK or as @afneil puts it „solid not spectacular“. When did UK TV presenters stop being journalists & become crude propagandists? #brexit has a lot to with this I guess.  
Brilliant to hear @campaignforleo say on @BBCRadio4 this morning that he will be campaigning in the  referendum and believe we need to liberalise Ireland's abortion laws - he said his views on abortion have evolved and that it is "a private and personal decision". #repealthe8th 
Question for Brexiteers ...If the world is so excited about "global Britain" post Brexit, why was the room half full (and minus yet another 200 by the end) when Theresa May set out her vision to the world's financial élite ? #FBPE 
Irish abortion referendum: PM Varadkar to campaign for change  
Surge in support for a second EU Referendum #FBPE 
The establishment will never give the people what they voted for, Brexit simply confirms that democracy is a sham.  
.."some ..have said.. Britons should have another vote as.. government’s current proposals, such as leaving  EU’s #SingleMarket ..were decided upon after referendum.."@Reuters#Remain-53% female 49% male #Labour voters more pro-EU”-@guardian//ICM poll 
Brits favour second referendum on final Brexit deal by 16-point margin, poll finds  
I'm sick of Brexit.I'm sick of this desperate project to leverage our future to keep an outdated, traditionalist Conservative Party from collapse in the face of natural progress (a project that isn't even working anyway).I'm sick of it.And I want to be rid of it.#FBPE 
Theresa May is in the US to lay the groundwork for a future trade deal and she has left the door open for greater involvement of US corporations in the NHS. Be afraid - this is the privatisation of the NHS in action, enabled by Brexit. We need to #SaveOurNHS 
Journalists keep asking me if russia will attack other elections (likely), if they can be countered (yes), and whether they’ll attack election $X ()… but you gotta understand they do ops to further their own geopolitical goals. Brexit accomplished that, no need to do more  
Britons favour second Brexit referendum by 13-point margin, poll shows  
Scotland has "little enthusiasm for Brexit and little optimism about the impact leaving the EU will have on the country’s economy. Only 25 per cent of Scots think leaving the EU will be positive for the economy– far lower than any other part of the UK" 
The Coming Car Crash:Tories screw brexit negsEU gives bad dealParliament reject We remainDemocratic chaos ensuesTories finishedLabour capitalisesCorbyn wins next electionUk in economic chaosMass decline & job lossesWe need a real #brexit leadership team now. #TeamTory 
A London council has become the first in the country to formally call on the government to halt plans for a Hard Brexit and give the British people a second EU vote.  
Lord Kerr at StAlbans4Europe said that a policy decision was made at the top of #BBC that #Brexit must be reported as a done deal. This means that nothing done by the #European Movts or #Remainers will be reported. Who made this decision and why? It must be overturned. 
Britons favour second referendum by 16-point margin: poll shows opinion on the move and with stronger support for #Final Say referendum in marginal Labour seats than elsewhere.It’s time for @UKLabour to shift its position and work to #StopBrexit 
If it hadn’t been for EU intervention this would not have happened. The British government did diddly squat to bring this about. Too busy with Brexit, you see. And incompetent too.  
It's important to recognise the difference between the 'nationalisms' behind Brexit and Scottish Indy. They are not comparable. One is about inclusivity and interdependence, the other is about isolationism. They are as different as 'open' and 'closed'. 
Tony Blair: ‘Brits have the right to rethink Brexit’  
I am English and pro the UK but if we Brexit I think Scotland has every right to have a 2nd referendum as does Northern Ireland. Brexit is the break up of the UK. Right wingers want Brexit at any cost. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
NEW: Jacob Rees-Mogg warns Theresa May that she is not more important than Brexit 
Brexit nutters? Nice. Millions who might watch you now know what you think of them. Same as with Have I got News etc. I no longer watch: how can you laugh along with people who so disapprove of you? Perhaps because paid-for BBC doesn’t have to worry about insulting its audience.  
Nationalism is a corrosive force which divides rather than unites and is often allied with xenophobia. But if Britain is foolish enough to go ahead with #Brexit I’d find it hard to argue against Scottish independence-They were promised continued EU membership 
It is slowly dawning that the UK will need a Brexit "transition" of two to three hundred years....   
Brexit is apparently the will of the people and must not be challenged.Yet on any other policy we are told to keep quiet. For instance, quite early into seizing PM role May said jr. doctors were 'playing politics' for speaking up on NHS problems.What does that tell you? 
EU immigration to continue until 2021 reveals David Davis - despite Downing Street claims that free movement will end when Britain leaves the EU. The betrayal of Brexit continues. Get rid of May for Rees Mogg. 
David Davis speech fell flat leaving the country ‘none the wiser’ about Government Brexit strategy. He said nothing new and claimed that the warring Tory cabinet was united and on course. Total #BrexitShambles #StopBrexit 
#LBC FFS James O’ Brien everyday Brexit bashing. Nick Abbot, Shelagh  Fogarty, Owen Jones, Kevin Maguire, Chuka Umunna. All been on LBC slagging off Brexit. Now Alastair Campbell on. What’s happened to Brexit bashing  LBC. It’s a load of bollocks everyday finished LBC    
“The outrageous thing to say is, that something that a campaign said - which doesn’t form government, and we haven’t left the EU yet - is a lie. But people on the Left are used to saying it because no one contradicts them.” - @ajcdeane #Brexit   
Once the terms of Brexit are known, there should be a second referendum. It appears that the majority of voters now think this.#EURef2 #Brexit #FinalSayForAll #FBPE 
Only in Sweden. Skandal ta mig fan.#svpol#migpol #eupol #brexit #swexit 
The Russian Internet Research Agency troll factory was found to have spent a grand total of 97 cents on promoting Brexit. Bombshell!  
Following cynical attempt to export Russiagate, Twitter fails to find "strong enough evidence" to link Russia to Brexit vote  
One of the largest national opinion polls since the Brexit vote has revealed that voters support the idea of holding a 2nd EU referendum by a 16-point margin, 58% in favour to 42% against. Views are shifting away from leaving the EU- time to #StopBrexit 
While he lost over 40% of Peshmarga-controlled territory, lost over 50% of the oil, have to give up unilateral control of Iraqi Kurdistan's border and airports and his region has become much weaker vs Iraq: Barzani says his Referendum was a success.  
Jacob Rees-Mogg warns Theresa May: 'The less Brexit, the more likely you are to get Corbyn' 
ICYMI: Masoud Barzani: No regrets about referendum#TwitterKurds #Iraq @masoud_barzani 
We’re Not Bitter About Brexit - Garden County Brewers Homebrew Competition 2018  pic.twitter.com/orZRatil5P 
LETS BE CLEAR-The young express mixture of concern anger & bemusement about future fearing BREXIT would limit their opportunities to study/work abroad & that it had diminished Britain’s status. There is frustration too from those who had been too young to vote. ITS THEIR FUTURE. 
Listen to this James O’Brien caller... After living and working (including @BBC) in London/UK for five years I can definitively report Jimmy, the primary driver of #Brexit vote was racism.  
My lawyer in Britain @RaviNa1k and @carolecadwalla the leading journalist breaking open the story about data and the dark links between Brexit and Trump on this podcast talking about digital dystopia  
Post-Brexit UK financial sector will be 'most important in the world' EU official admits  
Brexit is like the racist remark your Gran makes at the Christmas dinner table. It makes everyone ashamed and uncomfortable but no one dares challenge it because she has no idea what she said is wrong. 
Widening cabinet splits have prompted Theresa May to scrap a planned speech on Brexit 
My biggest fear in waiting to leave the EU in 2021-23 is how much damage our PM can do & will the economic gains from Brexit vote be sustainable, she is causing the very uncertainty she said she wanted to avoid. 
Annoying when people say a Labour Government would bring country to its knees. It’s already on its knees!! Look who’s in power now and the crisis they causing. From Brexit referendum to homeless, to nhs to schools to disability 
Brexit is like WWE Wrestling. We know it's a lie, but still everyone's cheering it on... 
Brexit BETRAYAL: UK and EU plot extending Brexit transition period to almost THREE YEARS  @Conservatives @theresa_may 
Theresa May has brought us to the point where Remoaners are given leeway to contest Brexit & call for another ref, the EU is appeased at every turn & now talk of a 3yr transition period, the only complication is coming from Gov.. 
Conversely the country is being taken over by middle aged pink faced Brexit loving right wing loonies. You only have to watch #bbcqt to see that. 
Until the Tories take back control & show the world that the UK is no push over, Currently the Tories are showing the opposite, & i don't say that with pleasure, i voted Tory,but this government is embarrassing the UK , it's doesn't inspire,has no vision, or enthusiasm for Brexit 
"@BillTieleman believes there’s a case to be made for allowing corporations and unions to donate [in the #proprep referendum]" <-- a sentence I can't believe I'm reading again already. #banbigmoney #bcpoli 
No Brexit bonus.No Brexit dividend.Just a huge waste of money that could be spent on the NHS.Just #StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
WATCH: UK's economy grows despite #Brexit uncertainty  via @ReutersTV 
This is an outrage. The government must start preparing now for #Brexit. They should have started on the 24th June 2016! Negligence in the extreme. @UKIP #UKIndependence @telegraph 
Theresa May suggests UK health services could be part of US trade deal  Just as we expected, the #NHS is the price of #Brexit not the beneficiary She'd sell her soul, if she had one, to cling on to office; so of course she'd sell our health 
The debate is growing Correz, thank you.Interesting front page of The Australian today, with Anthony Albanese @AlboMP calling for referendum on republic and Indigenous Recognition/Treaty to be held on 26 Jan. This thing is a tide, and it is growing!@AusRepublic 
Brexit is about the older generation kicking the younger generation in the teeth. #StopBrexit2018 
How Britain's views have changed – full Brexit poll resultsBritain would now vote Remain if a new referendum were to be held, Guardian/ICM poll shows.And under-65s would vote strongly for Remain.More reasons to #StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
Plot to BLOCK no deal: Failure to reach Brexit deal will DEVASTATE UK, claim DECEITFUL Treacherous peers  Never trust a Quisling Remainer- their mission is to save the EU at the expense of the UK 
Trigger Article 50 NOW: Czech minister urges Britain to speed up Brexit  
Everyone knows this. And yet no-one is allowed to say it - for fear of causing complete panic. Without greater honesty on all sides - on transition, trade-offs etc- I fear Brexit will go bang. 12/ENDS 
Whatever your views on Brexit, no-one wants chaos, and surely not the hard Brexiteers, or they will risk losing public good will for the project very quickly indeed.They should by lobbying for slow and steady, not quick and chaotic in my view. /11 
BE WARNED! The #PM @theresa_may, @PhilipHammondUK & @DavidDavisMP, are creating a #FAKEBREXIT! The BETRAYAL of 17,410,742 #Brexit Voters is now taking shape! #BBC #SKY @BBC @LBC #LBC @ConHome #UK @CCHQPress #Tory @Jacob_Rees_Mogg @Conservatives #Conservatives #ConservativeParty 
Brexit leaves EU with a NIGHTMARE: Expert says bloc faces budget disaster  
The #Chancellor @PhilipHammondUK and #BrexitSecretary @DavidDavisMP to push for a #FAKEBREXIT when #Britain supposedly leaves the #EU....in 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, years? UTTER BETRAYAL of 17,410,742 #Brexit Voters! #BBC #SKY @BBC @LBC #LBC @ConHome #UK @CCHQPress #Tory @Jacob_Rees_Mogg 
UK in talks over ....longer transition for Brexit? This government seems to have nothing but utter contempt for the British electorate.  
#TimMartin - "These factually incorrect scare stories from the #CBI and the #BRC seem to be designed to convince the public that a deal is necessary to avoid a cliff edge. In fact, the cliff edge is a myth." #Brexit  #BBC #SKY #LBC #BREXIT #NEWS #UK #EU 
Real significance of this isn't precise length of standstill period. It's that UK Ministers/officials in charge of negotiating Brexit are so scared/clueless of what comes after Brexit they're willing to beg EU to prolong "vassal state" status..  
Hammond WON'T deliver Brexit! Pressure mounts on Chancellor's 'incoherent' comments. May sack him or we will get you sacked!!  
BREXIT BOMBSHELL: Davis says freedom of movement could continue for TWO YEARS after split. No way!  
Wigmore - incredibly - was working both as the @LeaveEUOfficial comms guy pushing Brexit during EU ref while simultaneously working as the Belizean Trade envoy to the UK. I am not going to shut up about this until everyone has understood that  
Brexit boom is HERE as economy soars to defy doom-mongers  
If the EU Referendum debate had been accepted from the beginning there shld hv bn no real problem with a 3 year transition. I even proposed a bit over 3 yrs myself at one stage. But the way things hv gone it'd be a struggle to accept this wasn't a "delay so we don't leave" tactic 
Lots of fuss about this Telegraph story about UK wanting a longer #Brexit transition. Bear in mind  side doesn’t want this as it messes with EU budget planning.UK is going to need some good arguments here!  
#Brexit: Britons favour second referendum by 16-point margin, major national poll shows.Overwhelming support among younger people & Labour voters.Are you listening @jeremycorbyn & @UKLabour?People want a #FinalSay. 
IDS backs Jacob Rees-Mogg as fears grow the Government is BACKSLIDING on Brexit  
This is absolutely true: the part of the nation that still wants Brexit hasn’t yet needed to go to an NHS hospital.  
One of the groups that is going to be utterly screwed over by this referendum is people with disabilities. Probably more than most, because our state has such utter contempt for disability rights. Please don't forget them after we #repealthe8th. Their fight goes on. 
Come on, show of hands - who saw it coming? We will never achieve a successful Brexit unless those who govern us actually believe in the cause.  
Well fancy that Gavin, all those scares you peddled about the effects of a Brexit vote were all utter bollocks.  
The BBC can make programme after programme examining what’s happening in Trump’s America but nothing about the real impact of Brexit. The BBC is a shocking supporter of the the British establishment and nothing must be done to unsteady the Brexit boat.#FBPE 
Saturday's Guardian "Surge in support for a second EU referendum"#tomorrowspaperstoday#bbcpapers(via @MsHelicat) 
This is the result of Brexit - our #nhs being traded in US market. We can’t have this. Ever. 
47% now want a second referendum vs 32% in December. It’s 3 to 2 in favour excluding don’t knows.#FBPE 
Jacob Rees-Mogg: ‘If you get a good, clean Brexit and get the advantages from it then the chances of getting Jeremy Corbyn are much diminished...’ 
Jacob Rees-Mogg warns Theresa May: 'The less Brexit, the more likely you are to get Corbyn' Get a Grip May!   
THIS IS IMPORTANT: Brexit: Britons favour second referendum by 16-point margin – poll  
There's no "Brexit bonus", no "Benefits of Brexit" and no "Brexit dividend"The same people who told us there's be £350m a week for the NHS are lying again and they must be stopped before they deliver "Brexit austerity"#StopBrexit 
We’ve made good progress this week on the Road to Brexit.1) Nuclear Safeguards Bill passed through the Commons2) Sanctions and Anti-Money Laundering Bill passed through the Lords 3) Trade and Taxation (Cross-Border Trade) Bills are now at the Committee Stage in the Commons  
Theresa May should sack Philip Hammond if he continues to defy Government policy on Brexit, says former Cabinet minister 
The Guardian front page, Saturday 27 January 2018: Surge in support for a second EU referendum  
Good to see @Jacob_Rees_Mogg speaking up for the #Brexit that Theresa May promised to deliver  
Mainers doing it again, leading the way!"Activists deliver 67,000 signatures for Maine homecare for all referendum."  via @mebeacon #mepolitics 
It's the #NHS...or #BrexitYou can't have both.  
By the end of 2018, Brexit will have cost 2% in economic growth, £9.5Bn we could spend on our NHS.We could have 11,000 more beds, 8,000 more doctors, 22,000 more nurses, more community care, proper pay.It's a disgrace people die in corridors and Govt talk of a Brexit dividend  
Finland election brings NEW threat to EU: The Brexit-backing Farage fan vying for Finexit  
Britons favour 2nd referendum by 16-point margin – ICM pollBritons favour 2nd ref by 16-point margin – pollAdjusted 58% in favour 42% AgainstGive us that Binding #FinalSay to Confirm #Brexit or #StopBrexit in 2018#FBPE#ConfirmTheWill don't Silence it! 
The EU has been draining the life out of the UK & our economy. The EU has never worked in British interests & has only worked against us to weaken us & try to make us dependent on the EU. What we need now a full hard brexit & for British freedom to be secured  
"As soon as Britain is ready, we are prepared to negotiate an attractive trade deal . [Britain] would go to the front of the line, and not at the back of the line,” - Steve Mnuchin, US Treasury Secretary, WEF, Davos. #Brexit #GlobalBritain #Davos2018 
'Get back in LINE!' Jacob Rees-Mogg BLASTS Hammond's latest push for soft Brexit . Rees-Mogg is showing his true colours A naked fight to take power. He cares nothing about Britain, it’s all about himself and creating his own dynasty.#FBPE 
Brexit is "a lose-lose situation" but "the door is still open" to Britain, European Commission's @pierremoscovici says  
Please note Brexiters, we are exporting to the USA while we are still in the EU. There are no restrictions on selling our products anywhere in the world. In fact the EU backed Bombarier. #Brexit makes no sense.  
Support for @TheGreenParty policy of #ratificationreferendum growing fast. The only democratic option since no manifesto for #Brexit was offered in referendum  
Bristol is clear: Brexit is a disaster. With interviews from Bristol NW, including my home turf of Lawrence Weston.  
."The real choices entailed by Brexit are finally being recognised: a diminished Britain, choosing between trade & control.And with no delusions to sink into, the Tory party is increasingly free to go to war with itself.". 
Even if this were legally possible, other countries would not sign trade deals with us until we had a stable long term agreement with the #EU #brexit  
I see this happening more and more: the Lib Dems hoovering up the vast ‘we’re sick to death of Brexit’ vote   
Did you know more than 11,000 British Columbians have completed the online questionnaire that will help shape the referendum on how BC votes? Make your voice heard at  #bcpoli 
Reply if you are a:* Remainer* Remoaner* Saboteur* Mutineer* Bloody angry about Brexit* Anything & everything else#StopBrexit 
When all this Brexit bollocks is over I propose to all my #FBPE folks we have a massive party. I'm thinking foreign street food and games. 
I’m worried that people don’t realise how important the US is to the UK & how vital it is to maintain that relationship especially in regards to post-Brexit trade. People need to get over the individuals involved & remember the offices they represent instead. End the hysteria.  
#ProjectFear - There can be no question that Brexit has turned into a massive forecasting error for the economics profession.Physicists try and learn from their mistakes, and so do biologists. The economists should try and do the same.  
The Brexit vote has cost the UK "tens of billions of pounds" in lost economic activity, Mark Carney has said.  
“David Davis doesn’t ‘understand’ Brexit’s implications” full stop.  
Rees-Mogg is selling a benefit of #Brexit that the UK can remove tariffs from cheap imports from exploited labour markets, to make them even cheaper. He fails to understand that this stops UK businesses, who have a more expensive labour pool, from competing in the UK market. 
Unionists keep saying nobody wants a 2nd indyref......Does Brexit Justify Another Scottish Independence Referendum?  
New surge  in support for 2nd #Brexit referendum -Tomorrow’s Guardian  
Young, well-educated, adaptable  'citizens of the world' are the people Britain most needs. #Brexit is alienating them. This does not augur well for the future.#StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON 
Ken Clarke - I think we should stay in the single market & the customs Union.... I don't think the public were ever told that we were leaving them... the public didn't vote for that. #Brexit #StopBrexit #FBPE 
And with Brexit just around the corner & Theresa May holding hands with Trump on “very big” trade deals- it should worry everyone. Moving the NHS to essentially a US model of care, whilst UK-US trade deals opened out. Hmmm. 
Obvious metaphor for Brexit please, Siri.  
genuinely didn't notice a queue outside a restaurant so just went in and sat down and now I've got a tabledo you guys want me to negotiate Brexit for you or anything 
Tonight’s topics. 1. BBC anti Brexit bias revealed 2. Migrants or Invaders? 3. More 30 yr old bearded kids to the U…  
Finland Election Brings New Threat to EU: the Brexit-Backing Farage Fan Vying for Finexit  
ICM finds 47% saying they'd be in favour of new referendum once terms known - 34% against.  Excluding don't knows that's a split of 58% to 42% 
Controversial; but I wouldn't we all do whatever it takes to get a proper Brexit? After all, Jacob Rees Mogg is a Kipper in all but name.  
New ICM poll finds that 9% of LAB leave voters no say they'd vote remain in a 2nd referendum 
Brexit: Britons favour second referendum by 16-point margin – new ICM poll  
New poll shows public opinion swinging behind Lib Dem call for a vote on the terms of Brexit...  
The Labour party is completely split over #Brexit with no coherent strategy, despite Corbyn's pig headed insistence. The reason is simple, you can't deliver #Brexit without damaging economy, jobs, services or people's lives. The only strategy that preserves them is to #StopBrexit 
Most Britons favour a vote on final Brexit terms - Guardian/ICM poll  
London council first in country to formally back second EU referendum  
New poll shows public opinion swinging behind Lib Dem call for a vote on the terms of Brexit:  #Brexit #FBPE #ExitFromBrexit 
And "despite Brexit" no global war, no pestulance, no plague, no new stone age, no rat infestation (except in Paris).  
We are supporting the @euromove day of action this Sat 27 Jan by running street stalls in both #Leeds and #Ilkley to draw attention to the clear and present danger that #Brexit represents to the #NHS. Working with @_Britain4Europe @Scientists4EU @HealthierIn & @BestForBritain 
NO one who voted for brexit can give you a real reason why.  We could control immigration, UK Gov chose not to!  We never lost sovereignty & we already trade globally via EU treaties.  We helped make all the Rules from Brussels, under WTO we will still have to obey their rules. 
Brexit or Remain?You probably know what's coming, but this is the big one!If there was a general election tomorrow how would you vote?Please vote and retweet, let's give politicians a Brexit wake up call.I'd vote for: 
Labour support growing for rethink of leaving EU, poll shows.65% of Labour voters want the public to have the final say, shows Guardian/ICM poll. And nearly as many Labour Leave voters back a new referendum as oppose it.RT: #StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON 
Brexit: Britons favour second referendum by 16-point margin – poll  
Young people will pay the highest price for #Brexit, but there’s more to it than just economics  via @leftfootfwd 
Jacob Rees-Mogg BLASTS Hammond's latest treacheryMr Rees-Mogg: “Well I think this is not a good position for the Chancellor to be in, to be undermining the Prime Minister.I think a little bit of freelancing in Davos is very unhelpful”#Brexit #EU 
Philip Hammond is the enemy of Brexit says @TheSun 
David Davis:“The options that are available to us will change over the course of the negotiations we see what our European interlocutors want."David, we already know what they want - our money!Get us out now...#Brexit #EU 
Dear moderate Leave voters,This Brexit trajectory is not what you wanted any more than it’s what I wanted. If you will work with me to stop it; I will work with you to ensure your concerns are addressed.#stopbrexit #FBPE 
A guy stands on a window ledge. "Don't jump!" the people cry. Surely he's not thinking straight.A country stands on a cliff edge. "Just jump!" the people cry. After all it's the will of the people.Except it's not. Most think Brexit is the wrong choice. Most want another say. 
The UK economy is growing at a far faster pace than the so-called 'experts' predicted. There is no post-Brexit-vote recession, no reduction in inward investment, and no rise in unemployment. Project Fear has been exposed. It was sheer fantasy. It was an outright lie. 
At a popular level #Brexit is nationalist & xenophobic. It's about frightened & insecure people doing a natural human thing - seeking security in a group (nation). When that's based on fear it means hostility to 'outsiders' & distrust of those who rock the boat.#FBPE #StopBrexit 
#WhyBritsDontWantTrump because he wants to give his mates untrammelled access to destroy our NHS as the price of a post-Brexit trade deal  
In our strongholds, our marginals & across the country, Labour people want to remain in the EU and we back a referendum on the deal. Our Leaders say we are leaving and say no to a final say.Our views and our futures deserve representation.#StopBrexit 
Dave Brown’s Rogues Gallery on the Tory Party divergence over Brexit - political cartoon gallery in Putney  
Carney denies saying Brexit vote is costing the UK £200 million a week in lost economic growth.It’s MUCH worse than that, he says.At least 4 times worse!#BrexitShambles#StopBrexit 
Time to start talking to @MetPoliceUK - #Brexit and @andyWigmore might also want to "revise" what he said to @FBIWFO on #TrumpRussia about Cambridge Analytica 
Important new poll showing growing majority support for referendum on any #Brexit deal & biggest switch from Labour Leave voters to Remain in @UKLabour marginals 
Carney: I did not Brexit was costing us £200m a week. Quit telling people I said that.Leave extremists: See, we told you there was nothing to worry about!Carney: Er, no… It’s actually £800m a week. 
Dr Nicola Strickland @RCRadiologists: “The Royal College of Radiologists, like others in medicine and industry, is seriously concerned about continued access to these materials [radioisotopes] if we leave the Euratom treaty under Brexit” #ProEuropeans4NHS  
Furious Tories urge PM @theresa_may to SACK @PhilipHammondUK  if he won't stop 'freelancing' on Brexit as @DavidDavisMP vows UK WILL regain 'independence' after leaving EU  via @MailOnline 
Bad development for @ukip. @Arron_banks has emailed all @LeaveEUOfficial members urging them to quit ukip and join the Tories to influence the Brexit negotiations  
Jacob Rees-Mogg - "I think the Treasury humiliated itself in the #Brexit campaign by putting out forecasts that were so inaccurate. The Treasury, having bungled it at that period, is now continuing to do its best to obstruct Brexit."  
Compare and contrast the sneery Brexit rant from the New York Times with what actually happened....  
Theresa May's team is too distracted to effectively prepare for Brexit, Institute for Government says  
Voting for Brexit is one thing, I understand there was a general lack of information plus a great deal of lies, misinformation & deception on both sides. The facts are now clear, Brexit cannot be delivered in any form, it is OK to change your mind. Join the fight to #StopBrexit 
David Davis has conceded there are "arguments" between Cabinet ministers about Brexit in a speech meant to downplay divisions  
Lord Spicer - "Nowhere in the constitution of the EU is there a direct relationship between the electorate and the government. The EU therefore is not democratic. It shares this feature with China and Russia." #Brexit  
"So, I will continue to shout and sing, draw, write, debate, whatever it takes to save the place I call home from the impending disaster that Brexit is guaranteed to be." - @albawhitewolf writes her opinion on #Brexit in @TheBroadOnline #aSpaceToSpeak 
If you continue to support Brexit then you're either a member of the elite Quitterati, a racist, a fascist & or a selfish, small minded, mean spirited individual who doesn't give a shit about anyone else. If you are not any of the above then it is time to join us & support Remain 
It's been like that since the Referendum & we've made no real progress! We should leave on March 2019 deal or no deal. Not drag it out another 2 years! Brexit means Brexit, get it DD  
How Britain's views have changed – full Brexit poll results  
Good to join @SkyNews this afternoon to take on the nonsense being peddled by hard-right Brexit ultras who’d be happy to sell the NHS out to private American companies and wreck our trade with European neighbours. @Open_Britain 
It's the occasional comment like this which gives me the determination to carry on fighting for softest Brexit. There are millions of us kindred spirits in the UK who are not EUphobes & recognise our common culture, geography, shared history& economic ties & UK need to stay close  
WATCH | "David Davis talks about this bridge, it looks more like a road to nowhere." @Michael_Heaver attacks the government's handling of Brexit: "People wanted control of borders, laws and money in 2019. They didn't want to wait for 5+ years, they want change NOW!"  
Tonight’s 8pm  1. BBC anti  Brexit bias revealed! 2. Migrants or Invaders? 3. More 30 year old “children” bound for the U.K.! Do join me. 
Crime up. Rough sleeping up. NHS in crisis. Armed forces in crisis. Tory MPs mobilising. Brexit cold-war goes hot. But Labour still can't capitalise. 
"I wouldn't put too much emphasis on the words": @IanDunt's assessment of David Davis's Brexit speech by is devastating.  
Don't you just hate those last minute jobs you get before the weekend? Sorry Mr Davis @DavidDavisMP, could you make a start on those sectoral Brexit impact assessments? Please ensure they are in excruciating detail & availble for parliamentary scrutiny as soon as possible. Thanks 
Great to be in Teesport today with @DavidDavisMP & @DExEUgov meeting @BenHouchen @SimonClarkeMP & @PDPorts to talk about the Implementation Period as the platform for Britain’s ability to grasp the new opportunities that Brexit brings for trade, jobs and prosperity.  
brexit just got fucking real  
My latest piece in the new-look @FarmersWeeklyThe organic sector would be better served collaborating with, and not demonising, the conventional sector in the UK as Brexit looms#BackBritishFarming 
A 16 point lead for a #FinalSay Imagine the Sun / Mail / Express front pages if the boot was on the other foot... It's time for Labour to change policy on Brexit and raise the stakes. Join #RemainLabour and help us make it happen. 
Excl: Brexit campaign chief Andy Wigmore nicked for masquerading as a diplomat on the Foreign Office’s demand; 
Brexit can be reversed, says Tony Blair  #wef18 
Here's the letter Wera Hobhouse MP wrote to David Davis following his Brexit select committee appearance. In the man's own words "if a democracy cannot change its mind it ceases to be a democracy". The people must finish what the people started. ALL MPs take note  
Huge lead for those demanding referendum on final Brexit deal in latest Guardian poll  
Keiran (young man from Sheffield) tells me his 60-year-old father is even more hurt by Brexit than he is. He's spent 60 years watching Britain move forward only to watch it slip backwards into the past for his son's generation. 
Peterborough United tomorrow, another Hard Brexit cup tie, I'm loving these matches. Hope it is freezing cold so I can let all the nancyboys in their big coats and scarves know how pathetic they are. Cold doesn't bother me, I'm ex-forces, a very tough man. 
All your grand plans & promises will come to nothing Mr Corbyn @jeremycorbyn, they will rot like unpicked fruit. Brexit will devour everything, all the money & resources, but you know that don't you? I hold you in contempt for your complicity in supporting the Tory Brexit.  
Did you read the Directive @Peston before implying more bad #Brexit, did you question whether it’s terms had been put to the British public in a manifesto, its contents considered by the govt of the time or question whether the author/university had EU financial interest? NO/YES?  
ICM Survey Result: @UKLabour voters are becoming more open to a rethink, with 9% of the party’s leave backers switching to remain, and stronger support for a second referendum in marginal Labour seats than elsewhere. @Labour4EU #StopBrexit2018 
"I listen to businesses and they're deeply worried the direction this Gov is headed in."MUST-WATCH: @SDoughtyMP is right to say that if Brexit doesn't look like how it was sold, the British people can change their minds. Pls RT:  
#WhyBritsDontWantTrump should be renamed #WhyRemainersDontWantTrump as me and my pal Arthur have been planning a trip to London for his state visit since he was elected due to his support for hard brexit. Can't wait to see him, he's ex forces. Tough man! 
Gov't have been hoodwinked into an obsession with staying in the SM & CU. This is far more in the EU's interest and certainly not worth postponing the benefits of Brexit. We have a bunch of nodding dogs at the negotiating table. 
'The increased backing has come from both sides of the debate, with one-quarter of leave voters in favour of having another referendum on the final deal.' #Brexit  
We understand you voting Brexit in 2016, but if you let Brexit happen, then in less that 5 years, the UK population will be living in a version of Britain it actively voted against.Allowing that would be short-sightedness and selfishness of historical proportions.  
Davis effectively signs up to EU terms for "transition" (ie standstill) period.  Interestingly, does *not* argue against EU position that citizens arriving during transition should have right to remain post-Brexit.  
Likely to do most damage to the Scottish economy, its industry, its society & wrecking our children's and grandchildren's life chances:  Not flying the union flag or Brexit? Please RT for max annoyance to Tories. 
With few exceptions (very few exceptions), every time I listen to a Brexiter on the radio or TV, I am reminded of one Veruca Salt a bickering, selfish, greedy, demanding, manipulative individual who wants their Brexit NOW and has absolutely no regard for others or their views. 
Brexit can be reversed, says Tony Blair  
Because the referendum was so close May called an election to give her a workable majority. She failed completely, only weakening her position even further. Yet she proceeds as if a CLEAR majority want a HARD Brexit.NO NO NO NO NO NO NO.Capisce? 
Green MEPS, Jean Lambert & Keith Taylor, are supporting our Action Day on the threats Brexit poses to our NHS and the risk that leaving Euratom presents for patients requiring radiotherapy treatments in the UK #ProEuropeans4NHS 
This is the clearest evidence yet that there is a desire among the public for the right to have the final say, and growing scepticism about the impact Brexit will have on the UK. We have the right to think again if the deal is not what was promised. 5/5 
9% of Labour Leavers have switched to Remain since the referendum. Young voters are 17% more likely to back Remain now than they were at the referendum. 4/ 
Even more notably, the public now back a referendum on the Brexit deal by a 16 point margin, 58% in favour to 42% opposed. The 58% now includes 25% of people who voted Leave. Labour voters in marginal seats are the most likely to back a referendum on the deal. 3/ 
Nationally, 51% would back Remain over 49% Leave, but there have been huge swings in the regions. Both the North West and North East would now back Remain, and every region in the UK believes Brexit will have a negative effect on the economy. 2/  
BREAKING: Huge new poll from @ICMResearch of 5,000 people on Brexit, here's the rundown of the key figures.  1/ 
.@OwenPaterson is sound as ever.  Please let him know if you support his clear #Brexit views, as we do.  Likewise his colleague @johnredwood .  Important that true Brexiteers get our backing. 
As support for a #FinalSay on #Brexit grows, we renew our call for a ratification referendum on the final #BrexitDeal, with the option to stay in the EU.  
Brexit: Britons favour second referendum by 16-point margin – poll  
Please RT: “In marginal Labour seats, the remain lead has tripled from three percentage points to nine percentage points” - there’s far more for our party to gain from opposing #Brexit than there is from supporting it.  
Deplorable statement! After 20years of not supporting or campaigning for Brexit, it suggests @SFF pro-EU corporate clique is backsliding on what majority want.Vital to leave CFP March'19 to avoid continuity of rights & discard ban culling many @michaelgove 
Brexit means...... not even the government knows. Or dares to discuss. Or can agree. “New facts, new opinions”: @DavidDavisMP. Looks like the tide is turning - slowly.   
Hence my motion in the Lords next Wednesday for such a referendum to be included in the Withdrawal Bill  
I report in Long Read, more incredulity from manufacturers involved in Govt Brexit roundtables, where a “fantastically inadequate and impractical” customs plan was floated which “Everyone in the room killed in first 5 minutes”...“you need to be more ambitious” was Govt response 
Meanwhile the leftists from the UK want to slow a #Brexit deal and ban Donald Trump smfh. What complete morons! #Trump #Liberals #USA #UK 
Remainers should listen! Former EU Minister makes BRILLIANT point about UK's Brexit future  
Brian tells us why Brexit is bad for fishermen. Please watch!  
The most famous newspaper in the World is now reporting on Britain's "Brexit decline" as a global economic power. #NewYorkTimes 
Can you tell me what product certification standards, such as the EU 'CE' standard will my business need to get products certified for, post Brexit. Where is the new UK standards website please. 
Very concerned that Labour is still backing a hard Brexit.  
Some of us are very concerned about the impacts of Brexit on THE WHOLE country! And it’s citizens. And the non uk citizens it effects. And the uk citizens abroad. Get a grip on the situation please! Start listening, start hearing!#stopbtexit#FBPE.Be an opposition please!!! 
Michael, you may have missed this, but Sturgeon 'reset' the date of another referendum when she lost half a million votes and 21 MP's.I'm not sure why she did this, but it might have been because she thought she would lose....again.Try to keep up.  
Conservative MP @Jacob_Rees_Mogg will be talking to @Peston about Brexit (obvs) live this Sunday at 10am on @ITV. Don't forget to tune in  
Farage has finally admitted what we knew all along, Brexit is reversible. Those who don’t want Britain to take a back seat in the world, those who want us to work with our friends and allies in Europe to build a better world, cannot lose the will to fight on #ExitFromBrexit #FBPE 
May missed an opportunity to talk Britain and Brexit up at Davos. She simply couldn’t do it because she doesn’t believe in it.  She’s a Remainer. She’s got to go for Brexit to succeed. 
Labour must stop backing hard brexit before it is too late. Let's save the UK and build a better Britain alongside our European partners and friends. For the many & for the future. @Labour4EU @Remain_Labour @labour4europe @laboursinglemkt 
"Name one benefit of Brexit? Ok fine..........Well for starters once Brexit is over I will no longer be in charge of negotiating Brexit. Won't that be massive fucking relief?" pic.twitter.com/BhloEqeTfC 
.@KenRoth: "With the U.S. led by a president who displays a disturbing fondness for rights-trampling strongmen, and the United Kingdom preoccupied by Brexit, two traditional if flawed defenders of human rights globally are often missing in action."  
This sums up why Brexit is firmly on track: 'the important battles will be at the later stages.' The important battles start NOW. Unless we engage, we will be no stronger 'at the later stages' & Brexit will be a done deal!  
Brexit Chinese Whispers  
LONDON: Swiss investment bank UBS says it wants London to remain Europe's financial hub and will try to keep as many staff in the City as possible after Brexit.  
How do you know, you've openly admitted that the 58 Brexit impact assessments you spent the summer bragging about don't actually exist.If you didn't do any research into the potential outcomes, how can you possibly know you're in an "incredibly strong position"? 
New YouGov Eurotrak poll UK EU referendum findingRemain 46%Leave 42%Same poll in December had those saying they'd prefer to leave the EU leading by 9%. That's quite a big change but the question wording was different. 
Lord Kerr highlights people have the right to change their mind on Brexit at @StAlbans4Europe event 
Key to understanding D Davis is that his job is not to negotiate Brexit, it is to sell the Brexit that is negotiated.  
Lord Kerr: “If you want to save the NHS, you have to avoid Brexit” – speaking at European Movement event in St Albans @StAlbans4Europe #ProEuropeans4NHS  
Finland election brings NEW threat to EU: The Brexit-backing Farage fan vying for Finexit  
#FBPE #WANTON #HammersmithAndFulham -London council first in country to formally back second EU referendum  
What drugs are you on #Brexit  secretary? Brextasy maybe? because I want some  
UK will be able to negotiate and sign new trade deals as soon as it leaves the EU, David Davis says  #Brexit  
OK speech and Q&A over. Here's the summary of the Tory Brexit civil war and why Davis' optimism is pathetically misplaced, if indeed it is even real  
The international press is now reporting on Britain's "Brexit decline" as a global economic power: 
(1/2) Here's the very wonderful cast and creative team of Chicken Soup. opening in the Studio on Thu 8 February. Set five days after Orgreave stretching 32 years until the day of the Brexit vote...  
Britain has a Remainer PM who didn't bother to spell out a Brexit vision to a global audience at Davos, a Remoaner Chancellor who wants UK in Customs Union/Single Market & a Brexit Minister reading a heavily edited speech he clearly didn't write himself  
"We are aiming for Brexit to help the economy, not hinder it". Towering oratory going on over here. 
BoE governor Mark Carney points out that the economy is about 1% smaller than the Bank predicted it would be before the #Brexit vote ... But that was a prediction made in the event of a "Remain" vote ... He Predicted Armageddon for #Leave 
OK.  I'm not entirely sure what this tweet actually means but you do mention benefits of brexit here which caught my attention as I wasnt aware that there were any.  Can you tell us what they are please? 
Spoken to #business #NHS #academia #EU citizens - all seem to planning for the cliff edge.  When will people wake up & stop being under spell of Pied Piper Political BrexiteersBusiness chiefs speed up plans for no-deal Brexit  via @FinancialTimes 
Liberal Democrat Peer @RichardNewby3 has been speaking with local businesspeople in Forkhill in Northern Ireland, near the Irish border. Jobs are already leaving Northern Ireland because of Brexit and this will only get worse with a hard #ToryBrexit 
An Implementation Period allows us to grasp the benefits of Brexit by setting in place the fundamental building blocks for our country as we leave 
UK needs an "implementation period" after #Brexit so that businesses won't have to delay decisions or "rush through contingency plans", David Davis says  
It is time for the #Labour leadership to wake up. They need to start opposing the Tory’s extreme Brexit rather than cheering them on. The government lacks an official opposition on the biggest issue of the day and @LibDems will continue the fight against May’s hard Brexit. 
Three Brexit answers for us to learn and repeat#FBPE 
Breaking: another Vote Leave lie exposed - in the 2016 referendum they promised the UK wld immediately be able to negotiate new trade deals (pictured), today in 2018 Vote Leave campaigner David Davis says we won’t be able to do so until we actually leave >  
 @NicolaSturgeon: 'It's time Theresa May put jobs and living standards first in Brexit talks.'  
The problems concerning Brexit are enormous. But what's really worrying is the fact that hard core Leavers still refuse to accept that such problems even exist! That's why the UK has no coherent plan. Our fate is in the hands of a bunch of self-deluded madmen!#StopBrexit 
This is the meat and potatoes of #Brexit. It’s what ought to have been debated in detail before the referendum, but never was. At least we are there now: so give us the detail of how, in real and practical terms, you plan to change the country, now that you’re “free” to do so. 
This fisherman fishes in both Irish and Northern Irish waters. He is worried that Brexit will impact his business. Please watch and RT  
If only @Keir_Starmer was Labour’s shadow Brexit minister he could have shown leadership from the front bench and supported the amendment to keep the UK in the single market.In fact, he is.But he didn’t.He abstained.  
Since Brexiters are so incensed by the idea of the UK regulatory regime diverging modestly from the EU’s, perhaps - rather than just heckling from the sidelines - they could tell us in precisely which sectors they’d like the UK to diverge more drastically post-#Brexit and how. 
Hmm ... Sounds like a bit of a "disaster" to me."Carney said that while global growth had accelerated, the UK was suffering a Brexit effect. 'The economy is doing not as well as we expected it to prior to the referendum'."  
London council first in country to formally back second EU referendum  
BREXIT MEANS WE CAN'T HAVE A #FinalSayGlobal growth of 3.6%Our cake & eat itNI open borderRetain NHS workers & academicsResearch fundsMembership of key EU bodiesNo EU domain namesFoM or ECJ or CAPBut we can have fuck all instead.It's what we voted for. #FBPE 
Glad @realDonaldTrump coming to Britain this year. It hastens a Trade deal with US post Brexit 
Hello America, Britain calling.Compared to our press (BBC, Sun, Daily Mail etc) yours is a shining beacon of journalistic integrity that is holding Trump to account.Ours is telling us Brexit is great in spite of the fact everything is falling to pieces.CNN/ABC etc ain't bad 
Blocked by Brexit fan @afneil for sending him OBR figures showing extra borrowing due to Brexit already outweighs what we give the EU & for asking why he never challenges guests speaking of a Brexit dividend.  Andrew wants to continue helping Brexiters deceive his viewers. #BBCDP 
#Tory MPs are critical of the Prime Minister’s #BREXIT strategy. I say she has no strategy. BREXIT must mean independence in all areas of government and administration, nothing less. @UKIP #UKIndependence 
I’ve spoken to colleagues from Canada, US, South Africa, Nigeria, Pakistan, Australia, New Zealand parliaments - of course as well as EU27.Not one has said Brexit is a good idea, nor that it presents “opportunities.”Only pro-Brexit voices I’ve heard have been Front National.  
Learned a huge amount about the potential disastrous impact of #Brexit in N Ireland from ‘Border Communities Against Brexit’; @guyverhofstadt & @tombrake have been here to Forkhill, but Secs of State for NI have not 
REMOANER: Whingeing Chancellor Philip Hammond calls for a 'middle way' on Brexit.Nobody voted for a 'middle way' - stop trying to undermine the democratic will of the people! 
Mr Starmer, With the best will in the world: @UKLabour helped trigger article 50. Any concern about Brexit impact now is a bit hollow, really.  
Oh heck. Another little #brexit problem  we weren’t told about before! #BrexitReality #BrexitShambles #domainNames #domainname 
Some more Brexit MoggSense:90% of global trade growth is expected to come from outside the EU but we would be tying ourselves to a system that protects the current, declining status quo rather than engaging with the challenge of the next generation. 
I hope tribalism does not intrude and with regard to new parties, I have no axe to grind with anyone at a personal level. On the issue of Brexit, I am unapologetic over regaining full sovereignty for Britain. I am looking forward to speak with some of the new parties soon.  
Brian Monteith, Director of Communications at Global Britain, praises Boris Johnson for emphasising the opportunities of Brexit - including more money for the NHS.  
High Court President says Brexit may require HSE to consider providing essential treatment services here for vulnerable children and adults, rather than sending them to the UK. The growing numbers being sent to UK may mean it's cheaper to provide services here, Judge Kelly said. 
Hammond's latest sally forth in Davos shows why May should have moved him - but it also shows why her deliberate policy of Brexit indecision is making things more, not less, dangerous  
The more astute realised last night No10 didn't slap down Hammond at all. They just wanted Brexiteers to think they had. Minimal divergence with future flexibility for more is clearly now May's Brexit plan.  
Donald Trump makes a very positive speech effectively marketing the advantages of doing business with and in the USA. What a shame our politicians seem incapable of doing the same about post Brexit Britain. I hope DD does that in his Tees speech this afternoon. 
Hammond’s indiscipline shows why May should have moved him – and why she must stop dithering over Brexit  
Travelled to Dover yesterday with @Keir_Starmer to visit the port and listen to concerns over transport infrastructure and the potentially disastrous impact of the Government’s handling of Brexit  
BREXIT GLOOM: Brexit - Goldman Sachs close to making irreversible moves from UK to Europe, says CEO / #Brexit #Toxic 
“Labour no longer understands the human instinct to belong.” Blue Labour trade unionist @PaulEmbery on Brexit, the family, and how the left needs to embrace its social conservatives  
Remainers should listen! Former EU Minister makes BRILLIANT point about UK's Brexit future  
How concerned? Concerned enough to get to your feet in the HoC & say this #Brexit thing is total destruction & should be stopped now? That concerned? hmmmmmmm #FBPE #WATON 
It's good to know that Brexit is creating new jobs. It's a pity they're all in the EU. #StopBrexit 
My family *does* need the NHS and members of  my family *will* die without it, which is why I have to oppose Corbyn's #brexit. Thousands upon thousands of families in the same boat. 
Does anyone remember voting for a 'very modest' Brexit?  
Lib Dem MP @thomasbrake has seen the government’s "top secret" analysis of the impact of Brexit. He reports back on what he found  
If Corbyn thinks he can ride the wave of resentment post-Brexit by saying “it was the last government wot done it” then that’s a major miscalculation imo, he will be blamed both by short memory idiots and by the rest of us who will remember his complicity. 
The PM must be strong and not let her Chancellor orchestrate a betrayal of Brexit voters - @TheSun 
With all the 'noise' around, it's difficult to know what is true about #Brexit, but this video is very helpful in terms of understanding where we are in 2018. Please circulate, especially outside #Remainer circles. @W_A_T_O_N @CarolineLucas @MumsnetTowers 
The second domino? Finland issues dire Brexit warning to EU: ‘It is UNBEARABLE’  
NHS & Brexit ‘day of action’ tomorrow. Here’s what you need to know.  
My piece for @FT on @PeoplesMomentum playing politics with people's lives  @haringeycouncil and @jeremycorbyn not doing enough politics on Brexit  Apols paywall/buy the paper in the morning @ftweekend 
It's more than that. It's a belief that the negative effects of Brexit will only be inflicted on Remainers. Like all cults, salvation is for the true believers, but there's an almost comical tragedy to their belief that the Patersons of this world will someday repay their loyalty 
Well, stop bloody supporting #Brexit then! It can be stopped, if enough MPs grow backbones. Why the Hell are you so keen on helping Empress May, anyway?  
1. They voted for it.2. In June, the referendum will have been two years ago. It’s taken THIS LONG to wonder about the impact on the gateway to the world’s busiest shipping lane?!?  
The Tory party is completely split over #Brexit with no coherent strategy, despite May's pig headed insistence. The reason is simple, you can't deliver #Brexit without damaging the economy, jobs, services or people's lives. The only strategy that preserves them is to #StopBrexit 
#bbcdp Come on BBC ..give us your comments on the Civitas report released today exposing the  Anti Brexit Bias in BBC reporting. A total disgrace for a national public news service. Shame on you all 
As you know full well, it will not just impact Dover Mr Starmer @Keir_Starmer. The entire country will be massively impacted by Brexit. Time for @UKLabour to climb down off their lofty perch and start fighting to save our country. It is the right and democratic thing to do. 
Priority in #Brexit negotiations must be to ensure "our businesses can continue to have access for our goods and services to the EU market" - UK Chancellor Philip Hammond tells @bbckamal  
#TheresaMay is a robotic PM. She was a robotic Home Secretary. She has left behind her a robotic Home Office which is inflexibly sticking to quotas to block much-needed foreign doctors from taking up GP appointments they have been offered. May's #Brexit Britain. 
Very productive meeting with local businesses and Open Britain on the impact of #Brexit. Key issue for business is that they have no information about what is happening!  
Fact not fiction: “For Britain Brexit spells diminished stature...”.  
Of 4,275 guests talking about the EU on the Brussels Broadcasting Corporation's Radio 4 Today between 2005 and 2015, only 132 (3.2 per cent) were supporters of Brexit. So much for Beeb impartiality! via @MailOnline 
Philip Hammond calls for Brexit 'middle way' after Tory fury  Sod off Hammond. The choice was in or out Not somewhere in between. Time for you to be sacked. @theresa_may if you GENUINELY believe in listening to the ppl, then stop dithering - #NoFudge 
1/ Since the UK/EU Phase 1 #Brexit agreement in December UK politicians have been telling the public that the #citizensrights are sorted.We disagree.We therefore co-signed @ecas_europe letter to @eucopresident raising our concerns. 
Someone needs to start making the positive case for Brexit - just look at the NHS: more money, greater population controls to reduce pressure AND we can start training/employing British nurses. Simple. 
EU interests are being put first on both sides of the negotiating table. This is a serious problem. May & Hammond are successfully kicking Brexit into the long grass. 
Open Europe says staying in ‘a’ Customs Union with the EU means additional costs and removes key opportunities of Brexit. Clear it doesn’t make sense to stay in it/one.  
Note key conclusion: idea of a Brexit dividend for the NHS is wrong. That's not to say we can't or shouldn't find more money for the NHS. It's just that it will come despite, not because of, the impact of Brexit on the public finances  
Government's pursuit of #Brexit is causing significant harm to the UK economy now. This means:1) lower wage rises for employees at a time of rising living costs. 2) lower tax receipts for Govt, meaning less money for NHS & other serviceswe need to #ExitFromBrexit 
28 Feb @ChiaraBonac will address questions around the heritage(s) of Brexit and how they feature in social media political activism. Register now.  
17 million people in this country could not access £100 pounds if they needed to.It's a sad indictment of our society and such inequalities will not be addressed by leaving the EU. Brexit will hit us all but it will hit the poorest in society hardest.#StopBrexit#WATON#FBPE 
.@afneil Apparently you were asked this and blocked the questioner - accurate?Could you please respond, as it seems a reasonable question."Why do you never challenge Brexit supporting politicians over their assertion there's a Brexit dividend from leaving the EU? #bbcdp" 
Massacring of #Biafrans will not stop our quest for #Biafra restoration , allow us to decide our continued existence in Nigeria via the ballot booth. A call for Referendum is not a call for war. #SupportBiafraReferendum #UN  #IsraeliPM 
BBC Brexit bias EXPOSED: Flagship programmes under-representing anti-EU views for DECADES  
Jacob Rees-Mogg attacks the government's 'cowed' Brexit approach  
Now is the moment for Labour to enter the space the Tories cannot occupy. They should articulate what relationship they want and engage realistically with the trade offs. This would set the agenda and constructively engage those on both sides of the Brexit divide.  
The £ has now risen to $1.43, more or less back to where it was before the Brexit vote, assisted by the restoration of the interest rate cut by the Bank of England & to the ending again of QE. There has been little media fuss about this. 
Theresa May & the post-Brexit vote slide. New York Times summarised May's speech at Davos in brutally honest terms,painting a picture of a diminished & irrelevant Britain,whereas France were lauded. UK is sinking with a Brexit millstone around its neck #BrexitShambles #StopBrexit 
If MILIBAND were the leader I could support Labour, but with Corbyn, who clandestinely supported Brexit, I will never trust them.  
MUST-WATCH: Mark Carney, Governor of the respected Bank of England, warns that economic growth is 'about 2% below what had been expected' prior to the referendum.Brexit is already damaging the economy. Pls RT so everybody knows the real facts:  
Hi Boris. Just in case you didn't know.... Brexit hasn't happened yet. A less valuable pound makes it cheaper to buy from us, so of course we're doing OK, now. But that's because none of the things below have even started yet:  
The British people’s vote to leave the EU in 2016 was a vote for real change, not ‘modest’ change. It is incumbent upon politicians to grasp the opportunities of leaving the EU with both hands and deliver a clean Brexit  
At the heart of the European Union sit four key principles: the free movement of goods, services, capital and labour. #Brexit will not therefore enhance but restrict individual liberty. To do this on the basis of a simple majority is seriously problematic. 
Very concerned about impact of Brexit in Dover. Spent yesterday at the port talking it through with key staff, trade unions & authorities.  
I am a signatory to this letter pointing out the important issues that still need to be negotiated as regards rights of UK citizens in the EU27 and EU27 citizens in the UK on Brexit day.  
We were warned about this during a brexit meeting with some of @ClareMoodyMEP staff. And still some of my locality wouldn't listen 
Incidentally, 30% of UK doctors in nuclear medicine come from elsewhere in the EU.Given that our NHS is starved of £ for rare treatments... and given we may leave EMA framework, hurting new treatments.How attractive will UK be for cutting-edge nuclear medicine after Brexit? 
Reality is the Tory Party is stuck between a rock & a hard place because of their stupid Brexit. Only things holding it together are fawning coverage from the right wing press & BBC... & the lack of a Labour opposition.One of those changes... Tories and Brexit implode. #fbpe 
We have written to @eucopresident calling on the Council to continue #Brexit negotiations on #citizensrights into the 2nd phase. Certain #EUcitizens' rights are not covered by the withdrawal agreement  @SebDance @ColinYeo1 @FEANTSA @StevePeers @LeanneWood 
Analysis by @UKLabour claims possible post-Brexit delays at #Dover could cost freight industry almost £0.5bn. @Keir_Starmer tells me staying in a customs union with the EU “should be an option” to solve concerns 
Brutal from the NYT on cost of Brexit: "The former colonial empire has been reduced to a lesser actor, a reality that hit home on Thursday as Mrs. May delivered a sparsely attended speech at Davos"  
Catching up on @CommonsEUexit evidence session yesterday. David Davis said "Basically I looked at the facts, and as the facts changed, I changed my mind". Interesting principle - I will have to ask him about that during the next statement on the progress of Brexit negotiations! 
.@Keir_Starmer yesterday met with #GMB officials in #Dover to hear from the very workers & communities that will be at the sharp end of #Brexit. The jobs in our ports & the smooth running of imports & exports as well as transport, are vital to see our port communities thrive  
Gove has pledged to ban #neonics but with no post-Brexit regulatory Body in sight industry-funded studies could become the backbone of UK policymaking on pesticides & environmental legislation. My piece in @the_ecologist #BrexitReality 
Of course Rees-Mogg wants a tougher negotiating stance. He and his #ERG pals would love negotiations to crash followed by a no-deal #Brexit with its opportunities for disaster capitalism and Britain forced to slash taxes & regulations to survive economically.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
@nytimes: ‘Mrs May’s speech (at Davos), and its reception, underlined Britain’s diminished stature on the world stage.’ - Diminished stature translates into diminished economy = fewer jobs, fewer opportunities, less for NHS and education, a downward spiral - thank you Brexit. 
See article below from the Marriage Equality referendum on the danger of just excluding D/K's in referendum polls... on contentious issues when you get close to the referendum itself you could argue that almost all the D/K's will vote No  
This is what happens when you vote the 'Ruth Davidson opposes a second referendum' party. They are just Tories doing what Tories do.  
2 points: (i) Carney's comments inappropriately political about UK-EU deal, (ii) Carney claims economy smaller than Bank predicted because of #Brexit. Given Bank's forecasting record, he really doesn't know.  
Rees-Mogg is not a harmless anachronism. He is a ruthless politician who will do everything to create a Britain in which taxes and regulations don't get between the rich and their money. #StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE #WATON 
Some publicly available numbers, never mentioned by the #UK government!I thought, they might help to calculate the 'real' #Brexit dividend#FBPE #WATON #Stopbrexit 
Good thread on the transition period  - although I would add thata) some issues are open to negotiation or clarification; andb) an extension of EU membership doesn't solve the problem that the EU27 believes that it's legally constrained from fully negotiating before Brexit day.  
Good discussions on #Brexit with trade ministers of India @sureshpprabhu & New Zealand @DavidParkerMP #WEF2018 
Tell Tale Signs:Immigration or Diana Abbott- UKIPLabour votes with/as bad as Tories- SNPMagic Money Tree, blame Labour for 7 yrs of austerity & Fake News- ToryRemove Corbyn to solve Brexit mess- LibDemsMay is rubbish but Labour not 10 points ahead- Blairite/LabRight#JC4PM 
One mid-sized manufacturer in Wales: “Being part of a German company’s supply chain, operating on a ‘just in time’ basis, meant we had no option but to move operations from Wales to Germany in order to protect against risks of delays.” #Brexit dividend. 
Bank of England says the Remain Dividend is £700m a week. Brexit has cost UK £40bn so far. That's two Boris buses a week. #Remain #RemainDividend #FinalSay #FBPE via @fteconomics 
In Today's Brexit news:- Philip Hammond calls for close EU alignment - Jacob Rees-Mogg attacks the government's 'cowed' Brexit approach- Davis to set out transition plan later today 
Visceral anti Brexit bias from the State Broadcaster.  
BBC Brexit bias laid bare: just 3.2% of guests talking about the EU on the Today Programme over ten-year period were pro-Brexit  
Jacob Rees-Mogg is really starting to fight for Brexit. Email him to thank him for his work on Brexit ( jacob.reesmogg.mp@parliament.uk ). He can´t reply but he will know what has been written. A little encouragement will go a long way at this important time. 
Brexit Britain defies ‘economic experts’ with better than expected growth in last months of 2017.Groundhog Day.  
Theresa May's timid approach to Brexit is unacceptable! If she is not up to the task of seizing the new opportunities open to us then she should step aside! 
Percentage DROP in number of EU nurses coming to UK since #Brexit:96%Actually, that needs repeating:96% 
Well we're leaving.So THANK YOU to all the BREXIT voters out there.The dwindling 48% will just have to DEAL WITH IT!!!BOOM!!!Independence Day is coming.  
By keeping Philip Hammond as Chancellor, Theresa May signals her timidity and weakness. It also sustains the view she does really believe in Brexit. 
Brexit was won on white nationalist sentiments - sovereignty, controlling our borders, controlling immigration etc. but because the racists leading it have Oxbridge accents and don't use the word "shithole" nobody is outraged how Brexit is normalizing racism, but they're at Trump  
BREXIT: London council first in country to formally back second EU referendum   / #EU #Brexit #FinalSay 
I've a piece on the data analytics company linked to Brexit campaign now working w/anti abortion activists in Ireland in today's @IrishTimes 
BBC Brexit bias EXPOSED: Flagship programmes under-representing anti-EU views for DECADES  
Labour are in exactly the same position - they are effectively beholden to UKIP and brexit because they are worried about losing leave voters at the next GE. Both main parties are entirely party before country at the moment. It is truly disgusting and I'm sick of them both. 
FULL TEXT: Jacob Rees-Mogg's Brexit Speech  
WATCH: @ChukaUmunna, on Channel 4 news last night, is absolutely right to say the Gov triggered A50 too early, before they even knew what they wanted the Brexit end state to be. Pls RT:  
Brilliant analogy for farce of EU funding to UK"If I give you £10…”Dimbleby: “thank you!"“Now YOU give ME £20 !!”Dimbleby: “Certainly not!”“And by the way, I'm going to tell you HOW to spend that £10 - that is the deal we have with EU”#Brexit #EU 
BBC News - Tories' Brexit agonies resurface  "If the Tory party had wanted intentionally to display just how divided they are over Brexit and how generally twitchy they are, they could hardly have done a better job." 
If scots are still in the UK after Brexit we will be in UK forever.We need broadcasting devolved NOW to get some fairness into scottish media.Demand it be devolved to force them to explain why they think not.If scots dont toughen up on this  we`re going nowhere 
@mrjamesob Mark Carney is merely the messenger This is the Brexiters dilemma (With apologies to Macbeth):“I am in crap stepped in so far that should I wade no more, Returning were as tedious as go o'er,” #Brexit 
How long before the more sensible politicians in Westminster stand up and say, Enough! Brexit must stop! - and thereby stop it. 
You surely know that: a) this is an impossible time frame to negotiate a complex free trade deal; and b) the EU27 have legal constraints fully negotiating before Brexit day. Just stop embarrassing yourself.  
I wish I could go back to being interested in the Neolithic and concentrate on my  Holocaust research. Instead I am fighting #Brexit tooth and nail, for my children & grandchildren  (and yours). This is not a drill. #WATON 
The irony of all those left wing Brexiters who voted for Brexit to stop TTIP, and whose vote now means we are now going to have the worst bits of TTIP introduced via  deal with the US.  
.@guyverhofstadt speech in full @EP_Environment #brexit 
Ikram Farah (@itsikramfarah) has won the 2018 #McSU election and is president-elect of the @MSU_McMaster    OPRIG referendum results in reduction of the fee to $5.50 next year.  #MSU_Elec 
"Tories promised to take back control of money,borders & lawsThis is official policy"Hammond is working to leave EU in chargeLeaving UK as a submissive rule-taker.This is path to electoral ruinHammond seems to be fighting EU referendum all over again" 
Irish Times Seanad poll, Jun ‘13Yes 55, No 21, DK 24Seanad Referendum, Oct ‘13Yes 48, No 52Irish Times marriage poll, Dec ‘14Yes 71, No 18, DK 12(81-19 when DKs removed)Marriage Referendum, May ‘15Yes 62, No 38Irish Times abortion poll, Jan ‘18Yes 56, No 29, DK 15 
UK is suffering a "#Brexit effect" in the short term, while global growth has accelerated, Mark Carney says  
Data firm targeting anti-Brexit Tories part of UK regulator probe. Company also linked to Irish anti-abortion campaign. My @FerretScot latest 
GREAT: @realDonaldTrump set to visit UK later this year, trade to surge post-Brexit.  Looking forward to it!  
'Let me be clear, Britain WILL leave the EU in 2019' Hammond calls for 'bespoke' Brexit. A Remainer never changes its Spots! Gag him or sack him!  
Exchange between Tory MP Sandbach & Suella Fernandes shows clearly that Brexit is about the elite taking control, for the elite. Ideology trumping common sense, safety & pragmatism. Let’s not fool ourselves it’s for the common good. This is Disaster Capitalism in action.  
IDS backs Jacob Rees-Mogg as fears grow the Government is BACKSLIDING on Brexit  
'That's NOT leaving!' Andrew Neil SHUTS DOWN Umunna over his apparent Brexit strategy  
Still can't quite believe that we now live in a country where a significant swathe of the population apparently think Owen Paterson's pronouncements on British industry after Brexit are more reliable than the Confederation of British Industry's. 
Are you sick to death of everything being about Brexit? Ground down at the thought of years more of people harping on about it as negotiations drag on? Bored with the same arguments again and again? Just want it over with?Me too. Let's put a stop to it.#FinalSayForAll 
#Brexit has been ruthlessly foisted on Britain by Murdoch and the other tax-dodging right-wing press-billionaires. But Labour cannot shout about this because it supports #Brexit. #WeAreTheOppositionNow#StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON 
PRESSURE: Today’s Brexit speech from David Davis on government stance toned down as Brexiteer rebellion against May grows.We want control of money, borders and laws - now! 
The Brextremists will pretend this is because she is useless and uncharismatic (which she is) and use to continue manoeuvring against her. It is entirely down to their wretched Brexit  
For those imagining May is about to be toppled: maybe worth considering that in the midst of Brexit negots hell, a zombie flak-catcher is an asset. The page will best be turned after March 2019. 
The @BBCNews now beyond satire. Carney says Brexit has cost us tens of billions already. @Jeremy_Hunt says Carney was 'optimistic.' Unchallenged. Ditto @OwenPaterson . Disgraceful #Brexitpropagandamachine 
Weird, how every time I get targeted by a rightwing figure for what I do at @Byline_Media, by next morning my account is being clusterbombed by fresh pro-Russia Brexit troll accounts. Funny old business. 
'You can have Brexit or you can have the NHS, you can't have both' quote from Royal Free doctor @ch323 ... your promises mean nothing unless you fight Brexit  
This is utterly tragic and entirely predictable. we have chosen decline and the whole world sees it. -- Theresa May Arrives in Davos as U.K.’s Post-‘Brexit’ Slide Continues  
In 2014 people thought that 7% of our taxes were spent on the EU, when the reality is 1%. Remarkably, they wanted the contribution to be 3%. This is a damning indictment of the anti-EU bias engendered by the media. #LeaveLies #Brexit #FBPE #StopBrexit 
Carney says #Brexit has already cost 1 perecenrage point of GDP now and 2 pp by the end of the yearThat’s £40bn. Or > £700m a weekOr two Boris busses by DecemberI had same one bus figure back in Dec  
Breaking: This was one of the most Brexity places in the UK. Support for the anti Brexit Lib Dem’s went from zero to 26%. We can stop Brexit through parliament. Brexit is bigger than party politics. Vote against it. #ABTV #FBPE #PCPEU 
."The momentum for a referendum on the deal is growing as the British public is quickly learning that the Tory promise of “global Britain” cannot live up to their expectations.". 
Report finds BBC flagship news programmes have under-represented anti-Brussels views for decadesThe findings are “a shocking indictment of the BBC’s failure to achieve impartiality & to incorporate the views of those who desired to leave the EU”#Brexit 
Brexit is a wistful flight of fancy without any substance.I’ve yet to hear a coherent argument on the merits of Brexit and any detail on what Brexit actually looks like.Brexit is basically an outlet of blame for a set of problems that have very little to do with the EU. 
"What Brexit is essentially about is making trade more difficult with our nearest, biggest and richest neighbour."  
Brexiters may speak out of turn with impunity. When Remainers tell the truth, all hell breaks loose. Brexit extremists are holding the PM hostage. She and they are not fit to lead the country.   
“The #Brexit vote has already cost UK £10s of billions &, while investment internationally is in double digit percentage figures, it’s fallen to low single digits in UK” Mark Carney @BBCr4today 
Apparently the UK is going to ask for all existing EU trade deals with other countries to be carried over after Brexit.And the EU will say - along with 50 other nations - "No." 
We've been monitoring BBC Brexit bias since 1999 - here are the full disturbing results says David Keighley 
Mark Carney from the Bank of England confirms the negative predictions, made before the EU referendum, about a slowdown in the economy, drop in the pound, rise in inflation if the UK voted to leave DID happen. #Brexit #FBPE 
‘The world economy has accelerated and we in UK haven’t seen that.’ Mark Carney on why his predictions of a BREXIT slowdown proved right: UK economy ‘tens of billions’ weaker than wd otherwise have been @BBCr4today 
EXCLUSIVE: “YOU WILL DEFEND US... AND YOU WILL PAY FOR IT”. EU's latest incredible #Brexit demands. Read full story to believe it:  
BREXIT LATEST: No 10 v No 11 an orchestrated fuss about nothing. Agreed HMG policy is for trade regime to stick close to EU for the INTERIM period immediately after March 2019 - ie get us out ‘soft’ and then, after Parliament has agreed to leave, everything is up for grabs! 
Owen Paterson can barely contain his Brexit excitement on #r4today Says HMT is talking nonsense (goddam experts), ‘so many opportunities’ - he’s just not made to pin down any of them or how to achieve them. Just a Brexit political broadcast on behalf of the Brexity party. 
Tory rifts over Brexit are starting to show. Truth, bitter for Brexiteers, is that Brexit will cost a fortune, crush UK influence and leave us subject to EU rules. So why on earth do it? 
Important affirmation expected from David Davis today - that UK will negotiate Free Trade deals during the implementation period. Seizing a key opportunity from Brexit. Good for biz exports, and cutting prices for UK consumers.  
Theresa May disowns Hammond's remarks as MPs rebel over Brexit.Chancellor says government will seek ‘modest’ changes from EU, while Jacob Rees-Mogg says ministers are ‘cowed’ PM forced to slap down spreadsheet Phil as splits in Tory ranks continue... 
She hates the EU, cheered Brexit and supports Trump — and believes Finland is ready for her brand of populism  
RADICAL IDEA: Tories can campaign to leave Customs Union, Labour can campaign to stay in Single Market. Lib Dems can campaign for UK to rejoin EFTA. Everyone can win. It's called EFTA/EEA. #Brexit 
David Davis to give trade deals pledge amid Brexit row  
I want to be a Tory #Brexit #MoggMentum 
Idea. Those "Baby on Board" badges but for people who basically don't want to talk to their cabbies, especially about frigging Brexit. 
Our Kremlin election interference debacle is interconnected with Britain’s disastrous Brexit. It made sense to break the story of why Americans must fight for our voter privacy rights in our former colonizer’s courts.  
Even Greece's economy is now growing faster than the UK#Brexit #Economy #UKIP #GDP #StopBrexit 
Chinese ambassador to UK: #Brexit offers opportunity for bilateral ties  
The speech that got her overthrown by rebellious pro-EU Tory MPs.She was damn right about a federal undemocratic Europe28 years later what she began is about to be completed with Brexit in 2019  
That could work. A model for an Australian republic that can unite republicans and win a referendum  via @ConversationEDU 
Remain & NHS go together like a *horse and carriage*. We need to Remain in the EU to prosper & save the NHS. So if you NHS, please join our campaign to vote Remain: that is, Lib Dem, Green, whichever is strongest in the area in local elections. Tory & Labour are Brexit.  
Either Hammond is sacked or the @Conservatives will devour @theresa_may ... Patience is growing very thin in this double act.#Brexit #Brexiteers 
It is the first time in Canada that a referendum is being held for PR, where the government intends to undertake a change.  
Tough luck old chap: Twitter finds no evidence of Russian meddling in #Brexit  #Russia 
"Mr President! We're getting tired of all this winning!!" #Brexit #SpecialRelationship #MrBrexit - BBC News - President Trump predicts 'tremendous increase' in UK-US trade 
With #TrumpRussia and #Brexit we are witnessing historic events, a hybrid virtual war fought over the basic values of democracy that will be written about, and provide the background for endless movies and novels, for decades to come,. 
Theresa May fuelled a hard-right Brexit.Now Labour needs to commit to stopping it, says @DMiliband.#StopBrexit. #FBPE. #WATON. 
Will the pro-Remain parties & MP's please stop in-fighting and agree a formal Cross Party Alliance that will bring this Brexit farce to an end. Please. 63% of the voting population did not support Leave, in an Advisory only opinion poll.'Will Of The People' my arse? RT   
The contrast between the clear explanation of “full alignment” from @simoncoveney & the obsfucation by @DavidDavisMP before our Committee on Wednesday could have not been more pronounced. Thanks to @OireachtasNews for hosting us #brexit   
Important and worrying studies but not half as worrying as the lack of robust Brexit impact assessments at all.  
My job for the last 15 years has involved extending the UK's influence in tiny ways, every day. Classic soft power, teaching English abroad, slowly, quietly building relationships. Brexit is chucking it all away. For nothing. 
BREXIT GLOOM: 'No deal' Brexit could put more than 2.5 million jobs 'at risk' / #Brexit #Toxic 
Question for next week’s #bbcqt : «Is the Conservative Party being taken over by hard Right wing extremists? »  #Brexit 
CHUKA UMUNNA: "Labour need to stop worrying about opinion polls over Brexit & stick to their values & argue to stay in the single market!"If anythings going to turn me pro Brexit it's Blairite pomposity, hypocrisy & use of Brexit as a proxy war against Corbyn!#RJCOB #bbctw 
Leaving the Single Market and Customs Union isn't hard Brexit – it's #Brexit!#bbctw #bbcqt 
#CONSERVATIVE #VOTERS demand that the USELESS #TRAITOR @PhilipHammondUK MUST now RESIGN or be SACKED by @theresa_may! #BBC #SKY @BBC @LBC #LBC #ITV @ConHome #UK #EU #BREXIT @CCHQPress #Conservatives #ConservativeParty #PhilipHammond #TORY 
Leave is running scared. Govt is running scared. Opinion has for some months been seen reproducibly to have shifted to Remain. Govt's pretence that A50 isn't reversible is no longer believed. Govt's only hope is that clock winds down until it's too late for another referendum. 
Blocked by @afneil for calling out his pro-Hard Brexit bias. #BadgeOfHonour #BBCTW 
Our Co-convenor @Maggie4Scotland highlights the risk to environmental standards, human rights and workers' rights from Brexit and new trade deals #BBCQT 
Referendum tracker now shows majority of TDS in favour of #repealthe8th 81 pro-repeal, 40 against and 37 undeclared #ItsTime 
Idiot Johnson (2016): Brexit will lead to £350m extra per week to NHS.Bank of England Governor Carney (2018): Brexit costs £200m every week in lost growth.Jeremy Corbyn: no comment.  And that is the "opposition" & the defenders of democracy! 
John Humphrys is a great political presenter/interviewer if you want your BBC programmes tailored to help Hard Brexit. 
Two more lawmakers mull joining legal case to show UK can stop Brexit alone @UKIPNFKN @nickreeves9876 @BrexitBin @dontbrexitfixit @JeanneBartram @JoRichardsKent @JamesMelville @MarieAnnUK @EUflagmafia @TheNewEuropean @Andrew_Adonis @spaceangel1964 @Mcr4EU 
Rees-Mogg and the #ERG are once again trying to bully the Tory party into #Brexit extremism. When will the moderates take a similarly tough stance & say enough is enough of the lies & nonsense, Brexit must be stopped!@Anna_Soubry#StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON 
Every time anyone in the Tory Party expresses anything remotely approaching a clear opinion about the detail of Brexit, on either side of the argument, it exposes again a deep, wide - & it increasingly seems irreconcilable - gulf in values, priorities & world view. 
"Isn't a pro Brexit US President good for Brexit Britain" #bbcqt. Cue sniggering from the feral Left on the panel. Oborne is grotesque on this. 
Being a fool, Micheal Forsyth, accidentally points out that the SNP won the election in Scotland promising a second independence referendum. Thanks Micheal for underlining the mandate #bbcqt 
It's delusional reasoning that Brexit 'demands' the restoration of the executive. The DUP are fundamentalist Brexiteers while SF is campaigning for the North to keep EU rules. The gap on Brexit is as huge as the DUP's opposition to the rights' issues. 
EU could dash hopes for UK to remain in aviation safety agency - more brexit good news ! @British_Airways @easyJet @VirginAtlantic @HeathrowAirport @Gatwick_Airport @LondonCityAir @BrexitBin @UKIPNFKN @nickreeves9876 @dontbrexitfixit @EUflagmafia @Mcr4EU 
#Tory civil war on #Brexit re-ignites. Still arguing (approaching 2 yrs after referendum) about what they want : close to EU,following its rules, or moving away, with higher economic damage &hard border in Ireland. #TheresaMay can’t face down either side 
"There is a great Brexit opportunity & some really obvious benefits that we can get that improve the condition of the people. This is currently at risk."Jacob Rees-Mogg pulled no punches in a speech tonight attacking May's handling of Brexit.Full text:  
#ReesMogg at odds with #PhillipHammond#TheresaMay's cabinet is clearly divided over #BrexitHow can the #EU negotiate with the #UK when the #Tories haven't finished negotiating with themselvesNOBODY knows what #Brexit meansIt's madness#StopBrexit 
Our PM, defining herself by hurling us all across the Brexit finish line, is apparently not Brexit-y enough to avert revolt by Brexiteers. Oh, and it’s being claimed by someone she’s on the same wavelength as Trump. It’s only January. 
By 2019, about 1.5 million people over 60 will have died since #EUreferendum. Data shows 70% backed #leave so say 1.1m. We are on course for 2.5m 18-34s to register to vote. If 70% back #remain that's 1.75m. Crucially, NO MORE MAJORITY FOR #BREXIT by default.#remainernow? 
How small is the "Brexit at any cost Now! Now! Now!" faction really?5%? ... 10%? ... 15% tops!They're nothing but a lunatic fringe.Time to put them back in their padded cell and get back to normality.#FBPE 
Liam Fox's International Trade department is not fit to secure post-Brexit deals, warns the National Audit Office - Who thought Fox/Johnson/Davis would or could deliver? If we had an effective opposition this chaotic crew would be history.  
Peter Oborne accusing Chris Williamson of changing the subject from Brexit to the NHS when the question was in fact about the NHS #bbcqt 
You could watch #BBCQT, but this two minute video pretty much sums up every programme. Just replace ‘bankers and bonuses’ with ‘Brexit’.  
Seems to me the most significant developments on Brexit this week have been the interventions of @Jacob_Rees_Mogg - now he has a group (the mysterious and still unnamed membership of ERG) to represent he has ‘oomph’. If anyone can bring down this PM (and Chancellor) it’s him 
The #Brexit dividend is not just a myth. It is another huge #Brexit lie. There can be no real democratic decision making if people are grossly misinformed by fake news. #LeaveLies are destroying our democracy. They must be stopped & their promoters jailed. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
People are creating their own wickedly funny Brexit stamps  
Friday's Times"May turns on Hammond over soft Brexit speech"#tomorrowspaperstoday#bbcpapers(via @AllieHBNews) 
Brexit will prove to be the defining moment of this century; ok traditional Brexit parties are behaving as expected, however, many thousands will never forgive Labour for its role in this abominable ‘MISTAKE & DISASTER’.  
Well, I suggest you get used to it: thanks to the Brexit you so desperately seek, this kind of thing is bound to become more frequent around anything to do with safety and consumer protections.  
Theresa May beginning to show her Brexit hand and it is not going well. Latest:  
Not long before the weekly biased #bbcqt begins. An hour of Brexit bashing, man bashing, Trump bashing and Labour cheerleading. I'm here to provide the antidote. 
Be Britain still to Britain true, Amang ourselves united; For never but by British hands Maun British wrangs be righted! Happy #BurnsNight to Scotland's 1,018,322 forgotten #Brexit voters – especially the tough Scots at @fishingforleave, who fought for it harder than anyone. 
Friday's Guardian"May's leadership under threat as fresh Tory revolt erupts over Brexit"#tomorrowspaperstoday#bbcpapers(via @AllieHBNews) 
Brexiteer IDS backs Tory Brexiteer @Jacob_Rees_Mogg  as fears grow the Government is BACKSLIDING on Brexit  @Conservatives 
The Telegraph omit to inform its readers, however, that when it came to #Brexit it was eager to ignore the Russian trolls and Putin Bots involved.  
Do you think any of the politicians responsible for the Brexit catastrophic failure experience the feelings most of us do? Those of anger, despair, frustration & humiliation... It would seem not, but we will expose them as we rise up to #StopBrexit  #WATON 
This is criminal. British people who have done exactly what we’ve been encouraged to do are denied a vote by a Brexit Government that steals their nationality or smashes their family. #sendouttheclowns 
Guardian front page, Friday 26 January 2018: May’s leadership under threat as fresh Tory revolt erupts over Brexit  
Reminder! 1) "Only a madman would leave the Single Market" (your words @OwenPaterson)2) @Conservatives lost their majority at the General election as people rejected May's Brexit vision. 3) @Conservatives bunged the DUP with £1Bn to desperately cling on to power4) See 1) 
I had a go at explaining the biggest battle for Brexit so far; that between the Cabinet’s ‘Divergers’ and ‘Aligners’  
Dudes maybe rather than write another think piece about why Labour should rally to stop Brexit now, it would be better to use hundreds of owls to deliver them ‘Hogwarts style’ to Corbyn’s house.He is the problem and his Brexit Trotbots. 
.@Jacob_Rees_Mogg is absolutely right - the EU have been in control of Brexit negotiations and this must change - @TiceRichard 
The ‘Divergers’ vs the ‘Aligners’.Who will win out in the biggest Brexit battle so far? @darrengrimes_ explains. 
If #Brexit were to happen I predict that in 7 years time an independent Scotland would be a full member of the EU, Northern Ireland will have become part of a United Ireland, and England and Wales will be either back in the EU or begging to be taken back. 
DAVID DAVIS  #Brexit made my Arse the voice of the people #SendOutTheClowns 
If you're looking for a definition for 'ouch', look no further  Theresa May Arrives in Davos as U.K.’s Post-‘Brexit’ Slide Continues  
Ousting Theresa May while Brexit talks are ongoing is about the most reckless & destabilising thing that Tory MPs could do. It would be a huge mistake. #MayMustStay #ImWithMay 
Tech and media execs will be questioned in Washington next month by British politicians investigating the potential role fake news and misinformation played in the UK's political system, including Brexit  
This it seems is the problem...the Govt isn't interested one jot in transparency, nor indeed assuring the Ppl that #Brexit can be made to work..it patently can't now work in the National Interest; they don't care as long as they get it thru the finish line with minimum scrutiny!  
Source in number 10 slaps down Hammond for advocating a "very modest" Brexit. The Chancellor continues to be a barrier to a positive Brexit outcome. 
What's the truth about BREXIT?Please vote and retweet please so we can get a clearer picture of twitter feelings:I believe that BREXIT IS A: 
The number of rough sleepers in Camden has leapt by 647%. The country is FALLING APART...and what are our dullard politicians doing? Arguing about Brexit, a project of total lunacy which will only increase the numbers sleeping rough. Brexit poverty will make austerity look tame! 
Theresa May disowns Hammond's remarks as MPs rebel over Brexit  
Ireland must invest in higher education to benefit from Brexit  
Can Britain hit the reset button on Brexit? Even Theresa May's government isn't sure that leaving is a good idea  
Brexit means Leaving EU Totally!  
Raise the stakes - encourage the brexit fighters. Email Jacob and Boris and thank them for fighting for our country. A few thanks go a long way. Contact them at: jacob.reesmogg.mp@parliament.uk                            boris.johnson.mp@parliament.ukPlease retweet. 
OMG!  So you mean, the Brits wanted #Brexit all along?  
We agree wholeheartedly @jeremycorbyn. For the NHS to last, we must show the faith to fight for it and stop this race to the bottom Tory Brexit. No one else can do it but the Labour Party.  
Soros sounds like Tony Blair. They believe Brexit and Trump are temporary blips. They are wrong - we want our nation states.  
We self-righteous Britons should stop deluding ourselves. Trump represents the best of Brexit 
Tory Brexiteer @Jacob_Rees_Mogg declares WAR on @theresa_may as Tory lambasts 'damage limitation' of Brexit policy  
Here’s another person that feels his brexit vote was under lies & false promises.@tifauk you are not alone who feels like that, so many others feel like you (see feed). But if people who feel like you speak out MPs can be encouraged to do the right thing & give us a #finalsay 
No 10 source - ‘the PM would not describe the changes Brexit will bring as ‘very modest’’ - PM has already left Davos but if she was still there can’t imagine she’d be buying chancellor a drink tonight 
What absolute rubbish from @Jacob_Rees_Mogg - Britain is never “cowed” - he’s just worried the truth that we can change our mind and that the EU has said all options on #Brexit are open, is starting to hit home. My response here in @guardian @Open_Britain 
So the Pound starts going up against the Euro and the Dollar. Low and behold Mark Carney comes out with a statement to undermine our economy.Why Remained @theresa_may allows him to continue to damage our economy is beyond me. Reality is he is the one doing the damage not Brexit.  
Jacob Rees-Mogg declares WAR on May, and has turned on the government in a blistering attack as he accused them of failing to seize the opportunities presented by Brexit. JRM for PM.JRM has his finger on the pulse,  May has yet to find a pulse!  
The day Theresa May tells a bored and an increasingly absent Davos audience "post-Brexit Britain would be at the forefront of the tech revolution", reality happens quietly outside.We can't eat rhetoric, we won't grow on slogans, we're all bored of the delusion.#StopBrexit 
I'll be honest. Things have come out since the referendum that I hadn't considered or that have disproved earlier statments (on both sides).Also, the version of #brexit I think will be delivered is not what I voted for.Absolutely support a 2nd referendum on the terms 
Best explanation why Brexit never made any sense in only 46 seconds.#SendOutTheClowns #FBPE 
Tens of thousand of people outside Parliament can tell of the economic, social, and political impacts of Brexit.The Government inside tell us nothing or say they don't know. Its time to end this deceptive circus and #SendOutTheClowns #StopBrexit 
Time to raise the volume. Email Jacob Rees-Mogg jacob.reesmogg.mp@parliament.uk Tell him that you thank and support him for all he is doing for Brexit and email a copy to your own MP. 
This is in the Yorkshire Post, the paper serving heartland of bolshy Brexit English guys. Good on the Post  
David Davis doesn't 'understand' Brexit's implications for Ireland's border, warns former Irish PM.We have clowns running Brexit.We need to #StopBrexit and #SendOutTheClowns.#FBPE. 
May laid out a vision for Brexit and called an election on her Leadership. That vision was rejected and a majority lost.We now have many Brexit visions - Johnson, Rees Mogg, Hammond, the cleaner at No10, and no LeadershipIt's time to #SendOutTheClowns 
Twitter has said it can’t find evidence that Russia was involved in Brexit. Which doesn’t come as much of a surprise to sensible people.   
If Britain pursues close alignment with the EU it will "merely appear to be a mini-me version of the EU and be of no interest to other countries" - @Jacob_Rees_Mogg as Brexit backlash gathers steam  
Creasing up at the fact that @Nigel_Farage wants a second referendum because we will soon have a socialist government and an actual hard brexit will ruin the City.Oh, and he just wants to be famous because the yanks don't want him anymore    
#SendOutTheClowns Preview of the riots prompted by the cancellation of #Brexit  
Forget Brexit and all the mess that has come with it there is only one clown we all need and I am sure she would make short work of the politicians currently making our lives difficult! The one and only @TheBiancaDelRio #SendOutTheClowns 
Donald Trump is still insisting that Theresa May & the UK wil be 'front of the queue' for trade deals. Trump's 'America First' doctrine says different... & he does have a reputation for shafting people on deals. Are we basing Brexit hopes on a US deal? #BrexitShambles #StopBrexit pic.twitter.com/XCjvwI2tDw 
78) If you know #Trump, you know everything he does is strategic. He goes to a globalist forum and gets cozy with Theresa May, who is having a hard time pulling the trigger on #Brexit. Is POTUS wooing his future favorite trade partner?#QanonLink: 
Bojo the #brexit clown He's a fool but the joke's on you #SendOutTheClowns 
This is such a great allegory for Brexit. It has been proven that it is theoretically impossible to catch the cheese, and yet people still persist in trying to, resulting in them unnecessarily injuring themselves & others, and looking ridiculous.#SendOutTheClowns 
READ: Full text of @Jacob_Rees_Mogg's major speech tonight on why the UK must not agree to 'close alignment' or a customs union with the EU after Brexit  
Hard-right whiner @Jacob_Rees_Mogg waited until @theresa_may was out the country to have a public hissy fit about Brexit not being hard enough for HIM.You have to wonder what he & his money hoarder chums might gain from a deranged hard Brexit.#Davos18 
Hammond and the Treasury are behaving like they won the argument during the referendum, which is fine apart from the fact that they didn’t. 
Been saying this for years.#Brexit is a Tory #proxywar within the Party...the Opposition Parties need to come together and blow the whistle on this scam. It's costing the nation: place, face, cash and social coherence.  It's draining the #NHS; everything. Everything. 
Brexit twats Jacob Rees-Mogg & Bernard Jenkin find it outrageous that during the transition period UK will no longer be able to influence or veto EU laws.  Wait, what? I thought we had to leave cos we had no influence as members- but seems they now admit we did. #BrexitShambles 
More Andrew Percy: “Number 10 should make clear asap that the Chancellor's words are not Government policy and if they don't then many backbenches will begin to worry that we are heading towards a Brexit stitch up by Remainers who can't accept the result.” 
Said he'd be signing trade deals in Berlin last year and with half the world by nowDid excruciating impact studies that told us fishing is done near the seaSays 'no deal' is ok whilst every serious economist says it's disastrousHe's in charge of Brexit#SendOutTheClowns 
We've just published the full text of Jacob Rees-Mogg's barnstorming Brexit speech  
I'm going to make it easy for our MPs:Brexit = badRemain = good#SendOutTheClowns 
Warmongering, mass immigration engineering Tony Blair is at Davos trying to undermine & reverse Brexit yet again. This man is an anti British snake and is hated by the British people. Keep talking Tony you only get Brexit more support because Brits don’t trust you & never will  
Huge pressure on Theresa May as Jacob Rees-Mogg finally speaks out. He has demanded the government’s tone on Brexit “fundamentally change”, a position no doubt supported by the Eurosceptic Tory backbenchers. He’s absolutely right, too!  
#SendOutTheClowns who are deliberately starving our #NHS .Radiotherapy session today:*Machine broke (supposed to be replaced every 9 years).*Hungarian radiologist is leaving the UK coz of #Brexit #cancer 
And the reason they won’t allow Brexit to be rightly attributed to a Russian operation?Because then it would be stopped and also permanently wipe out the party of lunatics who’ve concealed the truth from everyone.When this one bites, it’ll be a bloodbath. 
Royal mail release preview of #brexit commemorate stamps in honour of our Canada style deal. #SendOutTheClowns 
For anyone who thinks a preference for regulatory alignment to the Single Market is some CBI thing, will say one more time that by more than two to one (51% to 21%) IoD members say it is more imp. for their business than divergence after #Brexit 
I’ll be there. But there should be an even bigger protest against Brexit. Trump will be gone in 3, max 7, years. The Brexit problem doesn’t have a constitutional time cap.  
I am delighted to announce I have been blocked by the noble Lord Andrew Adonis. I shall wear this as a badge of honour. Many thanks indeed. The man is definitely a psychotic anti Brexit Moron. 
17.4m voted for Brexit13.6m voted Conservative at GE201712.9m voted Labour at GE2017Would the UK government kindly do us all a favour and remember that between now and 29 March 2019?Our future is outside of the EU, and engaging with the entire world not merely Brussels. 
Yes. This is a great chance to send a very loud message. #ABTV is Anti-Brexit Tactical Voting: spread the word. Vote for anti-Brexit parties in the council elections in May: make your vote count! #ABTV 
Jacob Rees Mogg confirms to @bbclaurak that the Brexiteer Tories will seek to amend the Customs Bill - first time the Brexit grouping has used this tactic. Mutiny on both sides of No.10 now 
“Brexit means we’ll have more global opportunities than ever before.That’s why I’m going to spend the first day of this world conference talking to a racist we already trade with about some swimming pool chicken he wants us to flog.”  
Eu citizen in the UK for 27 years. Married a Brit. British children. Don't qualify for UK citizenship. #SendOutTheClowns We stay! #Brexit  
Tim Martin - "These factually incorrect scare stories from the CBI and the BRC seem to be designed to convince the public that a deal is necessary to avoid a cliff edge. In fact, the cliff edge is a myth." #Brexit  
#JacobReesMogg - "The #CBI, which seems to be the provisional wing of the #Treasury, is pushing for the #customsunion and this is a great mistake. The customs union will  mean higher prices for #food, #clothing and #footwear."  #BBC #SKY #UK #BREXIT #TORY 
I said in #Davos that gov wants to minimise any reduction in access to EU market post Brexit. And it’s a fact our economies are integrated, that’s the baseline from which we leave the single market and customs union – which clearly represents change.1/2 
Chancellor’s words in Davos, welcoming CBI’s contribution to debate (on a customs union), suggesting that “highly aligned” EU & UK regulatory systems would move selectively, hopefully only “very modestly apart” after Brexit  
Rees-Mogg says voters did not vote for "managed decline" when they voted for Brexit. No they didn't, they voted for decline, pure & simple. Nothing managed about it. #FBPE #WATON 
#SendOutTheClownsBrexit is a ‘god-given’ opportunity to steal trade from UK says Trump aide  
Mark Rutte: Theresa May must decide what she wants. She cannot expect the EU to tell her what sort of Brexit the UK will get  
Leading #Brexiteer #JacobReesMogg challenges #Brexit Secretary over plans for #ECJ jurisdiction! #MoggMentum @Stop_The_EU #BBC #SKY @BBC @LBC #LBC #ITV @ConHome #UK @CCHQPress #Tory @Jacob_Rees_Mogg @theresa_may @DavidDavisMP @Conservatives #ConservativeParty #Tories 
So, after 18 months of May's magnificent #Brexit team working as hard as they are able to, how are they doing? Frankly, they are a bunch of clowns.Here's the Fabulous Mr Fox... He hasn't even worked out what his department is supposed to do.#SendOutTheClowns 
Britain may end up in a "Norway plus" relationship with the EU after Brexit, Ireland's PM says  
A shudder of Brexit clowns telling big fat lies. #SendOutTheClowns 
Hoboken has a massive illegal vote-buying problem that would be amplified by low-turnout December runoffs. That’s why I vetoed an ordinance for a December runoff referendum. I fully support a more democratic option: instant runoffs. Let’s make it happen.  
James O'Brien Says David Davis Is Denying The Reality Of Negotiations In Epic Brexit Rant. 
We have a weak and wobbly Ringmaster  who's seen fit to #SendOutTheClowns to negotiate the circus of horrors that is Brexit. Please let's put an end to this absolute embarrassment of a situation. #StopBrexit 
NHS overtakes Brexit as the number one issue facing Britain today, new D-CYFOR (@dcyfor) polling shows:@spreadsheetben's take via RedBox: 
Inflation Value of the pound Homelessness  Real wages Hospital wait times And what is this govt spending every waking hour and vast human resources on? A pointless, suicidal, thick as mince #Brexit.Please, someone... #SendOutTheClowns #StopBrexit 
StayLet those who want them have their blue fucking passportsMake them wait longer at ports and airportsMake them apply for visas to travelTake away their mobile roaming rightsTake away their EHIC cardsThe rest of us can get on with working to address the causes of Brexit 
Lots of rumours around that PM will make a Brexit speech next month that will see further watering down of terms. Will be an outcry if so. 
At a time when the nations across the UK are facing some of the most challenging issues including #Brexit.......The leader of the Conservatives in Scotland is creating fake news about flags.... talk about diversionary tactics. #FakeNews #FlagGate #getagrip #dayjob 
 “The #TRAITOR @PhilipHammondUK a Political WORM trying to DESTROY #BREXIT!” @theresa_may are you going to sack this SCUMBAG..?  #BBC #SKY @BBC @LBC #LBC #ITV @ConHome #UK #EU @CCHQPress #Tory #Conservatives #TORIES #UKIP #JacobReesMogg #PhilipHammond 
We are joining forces with @Open_Britain @BestForBritain @HealthierIn @Scientists4EU for our national Action Day on the threat Brexit poses to the NHS - this Sat 27 Jan! Read more & find your local event below #ProEuropean4NHS  
Slightly strange that UK PM May didn’t even mention Brexit and UK future relationship with EU in her #wef18 speech. 
Let's break Brexit in the May local elections. The nation-wide Remain parties are Lib Dem or Green. Let's vote tactically for whichever more likely to succeed & send a message to Parliament. Stop destroying the UK. Brexit was not a mistake. It was gross disregard of UK's interest 
.@Jacob_Rees_Mogg throws down the gauntlet with a major speech on Brexit tonight: The government's tone needs to fundamentally change - the British people did not vote for the management of decline  
Tuesday: Boris Johnson calls for more NHS spending, Downing St organise for him to take a punishment beating at Cabinet and then publicly rebuke him to the Lobby.Thursday: Philip Hammond calls for a sell-out on Brexit, Downing St decline to comment.  
I'll be there and the protest will consist of a huge number of #FBPE #StopBrexitTrump and Brexit are both the result of nasty populism - we need more people to understand this; above all @UKLabour#StopTrump @W_A_T_O_N 
The @CommonsCMS has published its report today on the potential impact of Brexit on the creative industries, tourism and the digital single market. For more info please see:  
To disdain Europeanization is to forget what preceded it. #brexit 
As a former MP, observing the LTT “line to take” was how I first saw the Bots for Brexit coming from Russia. Real Britons for Brexit, such as me, despised Trump, Le Pen and Orban. RU Bots for Brexit loved them all 
Boris Johnson says we should pay more into the NHS after Brexit and gets roundly rebuked by PM. Philip Hammond calls for a soft Brexit in Davos and No 10 is positively unmoved. 
While Tories slipping into another Brexit bust up, this is a very different bit of politics that is v well worth watching  
Meanwhile, Rt Hon @johnredwood MP stays true to #Brexit. His diary is usually a good read.  Here's today, on the alarming talk by ministers of transitioning the UK into... EU membership:  
After helping us trend at no.1 last week #brexit'eers are once again onboard with our hashtag #SendOutTheClowns. Don't forget to thank them if you see any between 6pm & 8pm tonight. 
Interested to find out from independence supporters...do you think there will be a 2nd independence referendum before the next Scottish parliamentary elections? 
If there had been no #Brexit referendum, Britain today would be a United Kingdom.Billions could have been sunk into the NHS, inflation would have remained low & public servants could have had decent pay rises.Farage wouldn't be on the BBC endlessly & people would be content. 
If only people in UK would put same energy into protest to #StopBrexit#Brexit = for ever & infinitely damaging 2 our country. Why r many people unwilling 2 oppose it yet leap to protest distant monster? @MHookins @Emma_Forage @mrjamesob @acgrayling @campbellclaret @LoubinWally 
#bbcqt Anyone watch this programme anymore !!! Brilliant years ago rubbish every week now. Brexit bashing, Donald Trump bashing, doom & gloom talk for an hour. Where’s top Brexiteers, FFS never on its Bias BBC !!  
Whatever you think of Philip Hammond’s proposed end state for Brexit, his comments in Davos are a mistake, says @JGForsyth 
Should you enjoy reading about the EU's 'four freedoms' you may enjoy reading this (very instructive) piece about the 'nine freedoms of the air' in a Brexit context:  
Twitter admits that Russia did not meddle in UK Brexit Vote  
Surely we should all be giving @realDonaldTrump a big warm welcome seeing as he's ready to talk about a BIG trade deal post brexit. Think of the jobs it will create you brainwashed libtards before you start screeching. "President to the UK" 
@theresa_may  Phillip Hammond has to go , if Brexit is not delivered in full then @Conservatives can expect to be resigned to the dusbin of history at the next General Election!! 
They never had any intention of properly honouring Brexit. Procrastination and capitulation throughout in the hope that people will lose interest and we can be quietly kept in the EU in all but name.  
Contrary to what Leavers seem to think, an end to Brexit wouldn't be met with vainglorious, prideful glee by Remainers, but tear-stained, heartfelt relief. 
David Cameron said Brexit was a mistake not a disasterHere is the Cameron guide to history#StopBrexit #StopBrexitSaveBritain #StopBrexit2018 #StopBrexitSaveOURNHS #BrexitDisaster 
I voted Remain. But if you're going to do Brexit, then you have to do Brexit. At the moment we seem not only headed for a crap photocopy of EU membership, but to be expected to be grateful. 
PATHETIC: Remoaner Hammond has yet again pushed to water down Brexit.Why didn’t Theresa May show leadership months ago and sack him? 
David Cameron thinks Brexit is only a mistake" not a "disaster".What do YOU think? 
Hammond says Brexit will only mean “very modest” changes and free movement will stay. Is this government policy @theresa_may? 
Pressure mounting on @jeremycorbyn to oppose this Tory #Brexit & support the right of the people to have a final say  
Huge pressure on Theresa May as @Jacob_Rees_Mogg demands the government’s tone on Brexit must “fundamentally change”, a position no doubt supported by the Eurosceptic Tory backbenchers. He’s absolutely right, too!Read more:  
Let’s be honest. The only leader on the planet praising #Brexit is Trump. Trump! If that’s not a clear sign that it’s a dumb idea, then my Mum is a pumpkin. Wake up, Britain. We have better friends right next door. 
Cabinet splits on Hammond soft Brexit intervention this afternoon. Still silence from @Number10press...  
Labour MP Wes Streeting, leading supporter ofOpen Britain campaign, said: “These comments by the Governor of the Bank of England reveal the truth: there is no Brexit dividend, only a Brexit deficit. The lies of Brexit charlatans like Boris Johnson are being exposed by the day.” 
Jacob Rees-Mogg will deliver a speech tonight where he will say:-The government's tone on Brexit needs to fundamentally change-'Close alignment' is unacceptable-The UK cannot stay in the Customs Union- Words from ministers are not enough 
LETS BE CLEAR - Mark Carney told a private gathering in Davos that the UK had forefeited £10bn in GDP since the 2016 referendum. 
Brexit: MPs won't have 'full details' of EU deal when they vote on it, Philip Hammond reveals SO MUCH FOR PARLIAMENTARY DEMOCRACY.I GUESS THE PM WILL HAVE RUN IT PAST MURDUCH & DACRE THOUGH ! 
It wasn't until Brexit that I discovered how vile many of the post-1997 intake of Conservative MPs are.Before that I thought they were just the party of greed, rather than the party of hate. 
David Davis does not 'understand' implications of Brexit in Ireland, former Irish prime minister suggests  
Government stressing again that we are leaving in March 2019 means they are nervous - the public is realising what Brexit looks like and the message that Brexit is *not* inevitable is getting through. 
BIZARRE: Theresa May had a big opportunity on the world stage today to set out her Brexit vision......and totally failed.  
Nope we are leaving the door could be hanging from the hinges for all I care we are #Brexit. 
MOGG: ‘Government’s tone on Brexit needs to change’, pushes back against watering down.Brexiteers have had enough of dither and delay!  
President Trump tells Britain there will be a "tremendous increase in trade between our two countries" after Brexit "which will be great for jobs".Fantastic to have a U.S President who is intent on rekindling the Special Relationship!  
BIG MOMENT KLAXON This is effectively a declaration of war by at least 60 Eurosceptic backbench Conservative MPs on Theresa May and her team at 10 Downing Street over the Brexit talks.  
Brexiters, I'm sorry, but the only way you might even conceivably stop us is by using physical force.Because we are relentless, we are obsessed, and we simply will not rest until Brexit is permanently cancelled. 
1. Trouble ahead- Rees Mogg, who represents many Tory backbenchers will say tonight, govts tone on Brexit 'needs to fundamentally change' - 'approach seems to be we must accept what the EU will allow us to do...this is no way to negotiate and no way for this country to behave 
NEW Jacob Rees-Mogg: "The government's tone on Brexit needs to fundamentally change. If [Brexit's opportunities are] taken off the table then Brexit becomes only a damage limitation exercise.  The British people did not vote for that.  They didn't vote for management of decline." 
Lets see how many Lib Dems vote with me for a referendum at the end of the debate next Tuesday! Do encourage them.  
Brexit has taken some people to very strange places - so-called @UnlockDemocracy are now lobbying the House of Lords (that they want abolished for being undemocratic) to reject the repeatedly asserted will of the House of Commons in implementing the outcome of the referendum. 
Interesting piece from @DMiliband on stopping a hard Brexit - the British public are right to keep an open mind as new Brexit facts become clear.  
Brexit means...."very modest" changes..."We shouldn’t..throw away all the benefits of the complete alignment of our regulatory systems, the complete integration of our economies"Hammond making ever more clear he views Brexit as a damage limitation exercise.  
All that way to pretend she thinks about anything but Brexit.   
Ryanair chief Michael O'Leary said that flights to and from Britain could be cancelled in the weeks immediately after Brexit.Today Ryanair has unveiled plans to invest more than £200mn at Manchester Airport, creating 300 additional jobsAnother #ProjectFear lie 
We're joining together with other leading pro-EU groups including @euromove, @BestForBritain & @HealthierIn to campaign against the Brexit Threat to NHS #ProEuropeans4NHS  
Theresa May talks about a clampdown on fake news in the social media. This is a distraction. The overwhelming majority of fake news in Britain comes from leading politicians in her party and the right-wing press.It is time to clampdown on them!#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit #WATON 
Jeremy Corbyn should listen to David Miliband. How on earth can the Labour Party support a "hard right definition of Brexit"?  
“Russian influence in Brexit vote, in what’s happening in Catalonia, in what’s happening in Hungary, it’s a reality—polarization by populist movements”Belgium’s Deputy PM @alexanderdecroopic.twitter.com/mcqQOFQyG6 
TRUMP: Trade between US and UK will increase ’many times’ post-Brexit, great news for jobs. Not exactly ‘back of the queue’ is it?  
Very interesting meeting with @VeteransBritain. Some very scary stuff going on behind the scenes on the EU's plan for Defence Union - much of which Britain has agreed to since the referendum!Time for MPs to speak out against this betrayal!Learn more:  
Brexit is slowing the economy and will do so for many years. That will mean less money for the #NHS. Quitting the Customs Union would mean a trade deal with US which would pretty much end the NHS. We have 15 months to stop this. It's now or never!#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit #WATON 
.@Jacob_Rees_Mogg told me he was “extremely worried” about the end state of Brexit 
Taking back control? More like taking the piss when the Chancellor confirms Parliamentarians won't know what the future relationship with the EU will be like by the time MPs have a 'meaningful' vote on leaving the EU. #Brexit #FBPE 
We need to keep pressure on the government to help ensure the best possible protection for British animals >>  #Brexit #ThursdayThoughts 
US Treasury Secretary:  “We’re clearly supportive of the UK over Brexit issues”.   
If Brexit were to happen, it would be a huge backward step in the history of our country. 
Public: Tax the super-rich and largest corporations and fund our NHS!Tories: We can't do that, because we need to keep the UK attractive to them after Brexit.Public: Whose bloody fault is that!?! 
Forget Obama, the UK is very much still "front of the queue" for an "attractive trade deal" with Trump's administration post-Brexit. Time to revive the Special Relationship! Read more:  
May’s new Brexit strategy: jump first, argue later, with no clear vision of UK post-Brexit relationship with its own continent whilst calls from business for UK to remain in EU customs union grow louder and voters are watching their living standards fall 
Bank of England Governor Mark Carney says the #Brexit vote is costing Britain’s economy around 10 billion pounds a year.The UK's economy grew at the slowest pace of all Group of Seven rich economies over the first three quarters of 2017.- Reuters 
Theresa May fuelled a hard-right Brexit.. now Labour needs to commit to stopping it  
The crucial point is that the Brexit dividend will be available to use by the UK Government, not Brussels spending chiefs.  
Philip Hammond reveals MPs won't see the full details of EU Deal before voting on it.Not sure if he's being mischievous, dim or arrogant, but how can we ask MPs to vote on something unless they know exactly what they're voting for? #Brexit  
After describing Brexit as ‘a mistake, not a disaster’ David Cameron releases guide to historical events:  
Because Labour supports #Brexit it cannot launch an all-out attack on the right-wing press hate propaganda that won the vote for Leave and has emboldened racists and bigots. To attack the propaganda is to attack the legitimacy of #Brexit.#StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON 
New Brexit Forensics on “the” vs “A” customs union out on @SkyNews today.. first a news story on a potential rebellion amending a piece of legislation that would allow a fast-track re-establishment of a Customs Union 
US Treasury Secretary: We support UK on Brexit, front of the line for trade deal  
Rees-Mogg, as chair of ERG, the Eurosceptic group of 100 Tory MPs with its implant Ministers in DExEU, is now essentially deciding Brexit.He's doing it without a General Election, a parliamentary majority, or a mandate from the people. It's a disgrace.  
Just as Blair will never be able to stop justifying Iraq war or denying its obvious consequences, Cameron will spend rest of his life defending referendum and downplaying Brexit's catastrophe. But even if he cares about his legacy, he knows there is nothing he can do to save it.  
#NewBrexitFacts Forget a "Brexit Dividend" for the NHS, the health service would need an extra £1bn a year just to compensate NHS staff for higher prices caused by the Brexit vote.  
Hardly needs to be said, but no way to run a country. Or a #Brexit. If it can't be done we have no alternative but to #StopBrexit 
Wetherspoon boss Tim Martin SLAMS Brexit 'scare stories' as pub's group shares hit high   
David Cameron is an ex PM responsible for the biggest cock up in our political history, he now says it's not going to be so bad- #Brexit'eers are so desperate to have their decision validated they're prepared to ignore the glaringly obvious! He. Is. To. Blame.  
So much for Project Fear! David Cameron is caught on camera at Davos summit admitting Brexit is 'not as bad as we thought'  
T May’s sole aim “to make sure Britain leaves the union next March; to demonstrate that she has honoured the decision of the 2016 referendum. Everything else — the nation’s prosperity and security or its standing in the world — is a second order question.”  
Theresa May at #Davos18: “Global leaders, listen to my economic advice. Even though I’m implementing Brexit, which will screw the UK economy, I still think I know more than you.”  
Britain's employment rate has risen to a record high sending pound to its highest level since Brexit vote. No wonder David Cameron admits he got it wrong 
1) You ban a referendum2) You beat the voters3) You lose the referendum4) You ban the government who has a majority5) You convoke elections 6) You lose them with 4 out of 135 MPs  7) You ban the government re elected #HelpCatalonia  
It’s half empty as Theresa May takes the stage in Davos - here’s the pic. #wef18 #wef2018 #UK #Brexit  
"Brexit... resembles nothing so much as an empty box. As long as the word is emblazoned on the lid, no one asks what is inside." 19 months on and we still don't know what we want from Brexit - or even how we're going to find out.  
Ironic thing about Brexit is Remoaners call Brexit supporters "little Englanders" whilst all the time talking down the United Kingdom.So Brexiters who want a Global Britain are "small-minded", but Remoaners who want the UK to be a subsidiary of a USE have "big plans"?  
At Folkestone docks. We must ensure that post Brexit we retain our entire EEZ, and have full withdrawal from the CFP. To do so requires fully operational and beefed up fisheries protectionamongst other things.  
One year ago, May had the power to dictate Brexit as she pleased. And it pleased her to declare war on Remainers, Brussels and the British economy.My piece on the fateful legacy of the Lancaster House speech:  
Five yrs after 17.4m of us voted to LEAVE.We will still be;-a) In the EU Single Market.b) In the EU Customs Union.c) In the jurisdiction of the European Court of Justiced) Allowing open door immigration from the EUe) Sending £Billions to the EUThis is Brexit in name only. 
If Macron really cares about democracy, he should listen to his people and have a referendum on membership of the EU, an institution that millions of French people consider to be anti-democratic and aloof, writes @Naomi_theFirsht 
Happy to be corrected, but my understanding of how these things work is that the only way to stop Brexit is for Nic Cage to steal the syphilitic Boris mummy 
Hearing a variant of this too. There’s no Brexit end state plan because there’s no agreement even on the framework over how to proceed and decisions will be made — with 6 weeks until EU end state guidelines published. Schrodinger’s Brexit?  
WHY have @LabourLordsUK and @LibDemLords agreed to only TWO days to debate the Brexit bill? WHY? '@Andrew_Adonis#DemocracyInDanger @thatginamiller Look at this letter from Lord Callanan. Look at the autocratic/anti-democratic message in the second para. This SHOULD horrify you! 
Don't miss @philipstephens latest column on Brexit. This paragraph in particular echoes what I'm hearing.  
The Chancellor wants MPs to vote with their eyes closed on the final deal - and to ignore the serious damage Brexit will do:  
GREAT: US Treasury Secretary insists Britain remains “front of the line” for a trade deal, “supportive of the UK over Brexit issue”. Not ‘back of the queue’ after all then,  Obama?  
Extra borrowing directly due to Brexit more than wipes out not paying our EU contibution. There is absolutely NO Brexit dividend. They can't defend Brexit without lying... It's not possible.  
Exclusive: EU’s negotiating guidelines for the Brexit transition  
What's funny (in the crying sense) is that Brexit won on a narrative of "you can't remove the people in power if they screw up".Yet here we have David Davis, completely oblivious to even the basics of international trade yet he's still in charge of Brexit 
We just asked @DExEUgov whether @DavidDavisMP had really spent the entire referendum campaign ignorant of the most basic rules surrounding trade negotiations.They replied: "His words speak for themselves."  
I find this argument rather disingenuous. Brexit is only a threat to women's rights if our politicians allow it to be. The same goes for pretty much everything else post-Brexit.  
'Apologise to British people!' Farage's fury after Cameron admits Brexit is NOT a disaster  
Personally I welcome David Cameron’s admission that #Brexit will be difficult, but not as bad as feared. The remain case is weakening, which will strengthen our hand in negotiations with the EU. It will be difficult and we need to pull together. 
The loss of balance inn @BBCNews Brexit coverage, which they presumably think will save them (license fee threat etc) could actually kill them, as they lose public support. You cannot appease the hard right, Beeb peeps  
It would probably do a better job handling Brexit negotiations  
Suella Fernandes - ex-Erasmus student, arch hypocrite and ERG zealot - gets to say no to Euratom - because she just wants to and not because that’s the wise or right thing to do. Brexit is just resentful mediocrity dressed up as Tory policy.  
This kind of rhetoric is exactly why I dumped Lib Dems. He has to twist everything round to Brexit regardless of people in majority supporting it. £300m is a minute element of the foreign aid budget and health tourism costs more than £300m. So why not question foreign aid budget?  
No MP in good conscience can support a deal without detail. The choice will be: leap in the dark OR vote this down and have a 2nd referendum or election. We really can #StopBrexit #RemainLabour 
The #Brexit Right crave the privatisation of the #NHS. They will be drooling over the thought of a trade deal with the USA which would go a long way to dismantling the NHS.But because it supports #Brexit Labour can say very little about this.#StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON 
As the facts changed, I changed my mind. There's no shame in making a decison then changing your mind once it becomes clear your original decision was based on misinformation. Democracy allows you to change your mind.The facts are clear, Brexit is bad. 
Cameron's comments reminded me of a tweet a couple of months back, arguing that the UK would survive Brexit because after all, it had survived the Black Death  
Another day another @BBCNews blackout on voices critical of Brexit. @davidmiliband piece in @TheNewEuropean newsworthy, interesting, insightful 
The Irish PM doing more to oppose a Tory Hard Brexit then the elected leader of the UK Labour Party.Kinda says it all doesn’t it. #StopBrexit 
Mrs May, stop the ridiculous attacks on Brexit by people like Blair and other remain idiots. These people are trying to overturn a democratic vote, given to us by the government and previously approved by parliament. If something is not done to stop this there will be trouble. 
Brexit could mean JP Morgan moves more than 4,000 jobs from Britain  
The attacks by remain have now passed that which can be deemed acceptable. They are traitors working to overturn a democratic vote and as such the majority of the people should get together to defend our country, our freedoms and the result of the referendum. 
Laugh for a momentTake in the idiocy of this sceneThen reflectWhile we laugh at this idiotThis idiot is screwing us to the wallThis idiot holds the power to ruin our countryThis idiot IS ruining our countryLaugh for a momentThen return to angerResist and fight Brexit  
Sorry for the detour from Brexit but I feel that a few people on my feed will appreciate this one. I checked the maths. It is correct.Found on Facebook...  
Whatever trade deal the Tory Govt manage to work out with the EU will be inferior to the one the UK has now, not to mention all the other benefits of EU membership which Britain will lose. Brexit needs to be cancelled. #StopBrexit2018 
Leader of the House, Andrea Leadsom, dismisses Mark Carney's statement that UK economy is now £200 million a week smaller as a result of #Brexit uncertainty.If we do leave the EU, a smaller economy and less money available for public services will be the Brexiters' legacy. #FBPE 
And if you still doubt this, I invite you to watch a replay of David Davis in front of the Brexit committee yesterday. 
The British demand to sort trade deals during transition is a waste of time. 1) we don't have negotiating capacity during Brexit. 
Labour's support for #Brexit means it hasn't been able to effectively attack:- The pretence that it's mandatory.- The lie that A50 is irreversible.- The press campaign of hate & lies that won the vote.- The gerrymandering of the electorate. #StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON 
#ThursdayThoughts Youth unemployment:UK 12%France 12.8%Ireland 13.7%Luxembourg 14.4% Belgium 18.2%Portugal 23.7%Italy 32.7%Spain 37.9%Greece 39.5%Tell me again how #Brexit stole your future? 
Fantastic that U.S. Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin has reiterated that the UK is at the ‘front of the queue’ for an ‘attractive’ post-Brexit trade deal  
So a group of Tory MPs now wish to change the Withdrawal Bill to enable a Customs Union. It's not really on offer but it is the first indication that Brexit is almost a dead duck.#FollowBackProEU #FinalSay 
Three years since Independence Referendum. SNP has bombarded us with reports/claims about horrific effects of Brexit but NOT A CHEEP about economic effects of Independence. Why Not? 
“Labour aren’t in power! What can they do about Brexit?!”They’re in opposition, so they could oppose it. It’s their *choice* not to.Tories were democratically elected on a manifesto of austerity. Does that stop Labour opposing austerity? No. They *choose* to oppose it. 
Brexit costs £200m every week in lost growth, says Mark Carney.Bank of England governor says the country has forfeited about £10 billion a year in GDP since the referendum.Let’s #StopBrexit and fund the NHS instead.#FBPE. #WATON. 
Ready-made Brexit metaphor found at Brighton Pier... lost more pennies than we won, never got the magical unicorn  @mrjamesob @ChukaUmunna @BorisJohnson @DavidDavisMP @Nigel_Farage @jeremycorbyn #brexit  
This story explains so much that was off about Britain’s attitude to the EU: UK wants a “good faith” clause in Brexit transition deal but wants to be excluded from the EU’s “good faith” provisions so it can pursue trade deals  
Gold opened up big in London; came within a buck to taking out the post-Brexit high. It'll get there. This is a new secular bull market that began in Dec 2015 and has long to run.  
Want to do something more practical to fight Brexit than bashing out tweets all day?Get involved with these @BestForBritain training sessions 
...because it means that very soon, government & people having come to their senses, we’ll be fully back in the EU.However: this fudge route is a terribly expensive one, & the NHS will be long gone by the time we’re back on track. So best stop Brexit now. 
Note that what now passes for government ‘thinking’ on Brexit is that because it’s such a disaster we need to spin out the post-March 2019 ‘paying membership without a say’ relationship with the EU as long as possible - years & years. This makes Brexiters livid: because...  
Brexit ‘cliff edge is a MYTH’: Wetherspoons boss accuses lobby groups of ‘misleading’  
READ: Brexit campaigners gear up for fight back to stop betrayal! Time to unite, coordinate & talk with one voice.  
"around 500 new jobs in the Netherlands thanks to Brexit so far." (18 businesses have now moved from UK to NL)  
Parliamentary report on Brexit sound the alarm on aviation, workers, roaming charges, funding, data protection & intellectual property protection; says the Govt is confused & unclear. Didn't see much of that on the side of the bus...  
The governor of the Bank of England has said that Brexit has cost the UK more than £200million a week in lost growth. Official figures showed the UK's net contribution to the EU was roughly £150m per week....... 
Why the British economy has done better than expected since the Brexit vote  
Liam Fox's International Trade department not fit to secure post-Brexit deals, warns watchdog.National Audit Office also raises fears DIT may never secure the “specific trade and negotiation skills” required. What a mess. #StopBrexit. #FBPE. #WATON. 
72% of the electorate had enough interest to go out and vote. The graphs within your article show little interest in a referendum from both sides of the debate until the choice became a reality.  coverage spiked and therefore interest.  
Just a reminder...  BBC: 23 Jan 2013 - David Cameron has said the British people must "have  their say" on Europe as he pledged an in/out referendum if the Conservatives win the election.The Conservatives won the 2015 election, a majority voted to leave the EU on 23 June 2016 
Labour won’t commit to stopping this hard right Brexit, that much has become patently obvious.Instead Corbyn is hoping the economic crisis brought on by a hard Brexit will propelled him to power.This path leads to madness   
If they looked at the ramifications of leaving the EU in any serious context before the referendum these people would've realised that immigration doesn't have anything to do with it, and everyone who voted based on that has sold us up shit creek to billionaire tax dodgers. 
Ideas needed for a “LESS IS MORE BREXIT” flyer along the lines of:  LESS collaboration MORE Isolation, LESS NHS MORE Private Healthcare LESS, LESS freedom to travel MORE Visas etc @spaceangel1964 @mikegalsworthy @MrHickmott @albawhitewolf Please comment & RT Thanks 
Summary:1. Ministers are LYING about Brexit negotiations.2. Italy's EU Affairs minister told me Britain will be worse off outside Our Single Market and Our Customs Union.3. He should know. Italy has a lot of experience in being made worse off by Our EU.4. That's all, folks!  
Unlike other states, UK has no established rules on referendums and each one is treated on an ad hoc basis. UK can therefore determine a different franchise for each popular vote: British citizens living in other EU Member States were barred from voting in the #brexit referendum. 
Looks like Dave was telling some porkies back in the EU Referendum campaign! Thanks for the truth now though! #Brexit #Davos2018 
Brexit happened because a large number of the population wanted it and stated so in a democratic referendum .... 
Very honoured to listen President Michael D. Higgins discussing the #FutureofEurope at our #DCUBrexit Inaugural event @PresidentIRL @DublinCityUni @emireland 
The reason nobody outside the UK knows what ‘we’ want from brexit is that there is no external goal. Brexit was conceived as a means of keeping the Tory Party together and became a proxy for internal political and structural problems which have little or nothing to do with Europe  
In a speech this morning @ChukaUmunna said that it has become “increasingly clear” that Brexit in the terms it was sold to the country and businesses is “not deliverable”. Please RT:   
One of the things I hate about #Brexit May is her nationalist arrogance. The EU is fine and good for other European nations but not for ‘exceptional’ Britain. Sorry May, we are European and I, for one, say that with pride. 
Please watch these 3 short clips. It is nothing short of terrifying that this man is the Brexit Secretary. Just a load of delusional obfuscation.  
Mogg Grills Brexit Minister: ‘We’re Leaving, We Don’t Need to Behave Like a Permanent Member’   
This is one of the difficulties of explaining current loss from Brexit: It's about what we've lost compared to what we would have had, which can be hard to explain. 
Why the British economy has done better than expected since the Brexit vote  
This is slightly lower estimate than one from CEPR, which compared UK economy post-Brexit w economies which had tracked it until that point  
Looks like #ProjectFear were wrong on the economy! Thanks for finally telling us the truth Dave! #Brexit #Davos2018 
“Brexit in the terms that is was sold is undeliverable. It is not about government negotiating incompetence, it is undeliverable.” #Lead2018 
It's not possible for the U.K. to "cherry-pick" its Brexit wishes, Ireland's PM @campaignforleo says  #WEF18 
#brexit Bored  out of my head today’s politicians !!!!! Pathetic all of them. Theresa Maybe hopeless  Jeremy Corbyn useless, Sir Vince Cable retire FFS. Get on with Brexit 17 million voted leave. Couldn’t organise a piss up in a brewery these 3 Clowns.      
Five yrs after 17.4m of us voted to #LEAVEWe will still be;-a) In EU Single Mktb) In EU Customs Unionc) In the jurisdiction of the EU Court of Justiced) Allowing open door immigration from the EUThis is Brexit in name only.We need to LEAVE on 29/3/19@AMDWaters#ForBritain 
Is Brexit a threat to women’s rights? Not an unreasonable question in light of recent events  
I voted leave but this total buffoon is making the views on Brexit worse, yes I know some parts of Brexit are unknown but if the remain campaign had said “oh by the way, David Davis will be in charge” I’d of voted remain without a second thought. This man worries me. 
Still waiting (although it was Dec 16, not 15). Today, we'll ask @DExEUgov to confirm that David Davis spent the entire referendum campaign ignorant of the most basic rules of EU/third country trade negotiations as evinced by yesterday's select committee & his tweets of 26/5/16.  
“Out means out”.“Just LEAVE”.“We want full Brexit & we want it NOW”.“Just get us out!”.“Out NOW!”.“We just want to leave the corrupt EU”.“Out, out, OUT!”“Take back control”.“We’ll make a success of it”.“A clear plan”.“Getting Brexit right”.“Cake and eat it”.  
Tory MPs: Brexit must include herds of unicorns. Also Tory MPs: we are disappointed by the performance of our chief unicorn herder. 
#Brexit costs UK £200 million a week because of poor growth according to Mark Carney.  A spectacular own goal for BoJo, Gove, Rees-Mogg and IDS. #FBPE 
In 2016 David Davis said that by 2018 he expects the UK to have “negotiated a free trade area massively larger than the EU", despite the fact the UK can’t start negotiating trade deals until 2019. That's the man in charge of the Brexit negotiations. 
1/ Brexit and EU third country deals. It's crazily complicated. But it is getting simpler (for the transition at least). A thread on how I understand it. 
Wondering if it's possible to start a petition stating if the Brexit is in name only then I will not vote Tory ever again .Wonder how many people would sign might give May and the Tory party a kick up the arse! 
If Brexit goes ahead on 29 March 2019, Britain will become what EU treaties define as a “third country”, which has many downsides. Alternatively, the Prime Minister could tell the truth: there was once a better deal, before Britain voted to leave  
We still have this govt Mr Starmer @Keir_Starmer, because @UKLabour failed to win the last election. Petty point scoring isn't going to win you the next general election. Firm, unambiguous opposition to Brexit will. #StopBrexit 
Serial liar Boris Johnson (2016): Brexit and we’ll give £350m extra per week to the NHS.Bank of England Governor Mark Carney (2018): Brexit costs £200m every week in lost growth.There was Boris’ pledge and now we know the reality.#NewBrexitFacts 
Another day, another Blair whinge on Brexit. Give it up Tony, time to accept the will of the people!  
MUST-READ: rather than provide a dividend, Brexit is actually costing Britain £200m every week in lost growth, says Bank of England's Mark Carney. Please RT: (£)  
The number of apprenticeship starts has halved in last year. Truly deplorable. What is HMG doing? Ah, Brexit, of course! 
‘Turnover of Ministers harming Brexit’ (Institute for Government)No, Brexit is harming Brexit. And if the ministers were any good they would ... stop Brexit! 
David Davis effectively told yesterday’s select committee that he spent the entire referendum campaign entirely ignorant of the most fundamental ramifications of leaving the EU. And I’m just relieved to find that I’m still capable of being shocked. 
Main #r4today headline Theresa May to give #Davos speech attacking social media- No balance, eg opposite views or any analysis of the claims she’ll make- No political analysis, eg she can’t talk about #Brexit because its a shambles and she’s too scared of her party  
#Brexit threatens European social progress – the #left must speak up | Natalie Nougayrède 
Mistake or disaster? Brexit has cost the UK £10bn in lost growth so far, discloses Bank of England chief Mark Carney 
Worth buying today's FT! Theresa May’s new Brexit strategy: jump first, argue later via @FT 
What sort of headline is this from City A.M.? 'Brexit didn’t break the UK in 2017'No, it didn't. The UK economy grew at a faster pace than fellow G7 member Italy's last year. And, JP Morgan forecasts that our economy will expand by another 1.8% in 2018 and 1.9% in 2019. 
READ | For goodness sake, why can't he just get in line behind Cameron and admit Brexit is no disaster? 
David Cameron says Brexit hasn't been as bad as he thought it would be. @Nigel_Farage demands an apology for Project Fear. 
1. Who's the "we"2. Brexit is turning out catastrophically3. Even if Brexit turned out "less badly than we thought" it wouldn't excuse your poor judgement or cowardice.  
The EU have so far not negotiated in good faith, as they are required to do by Article 50. I don't see what an extension of good faith to a Brexit transition will achieve. 
Why the British economy has done better than expected since the Brexit vote  
Even David 'Project Fear' Cameron admits: 'Brexit isn't as bad as first thought.' Indeed - #Brexit will bring prosperity and freedom to the UK!  
."Brexit is not just another policy issue, like health or transport. It is the foundation of other policy options, because it holds the key to the economic foundations of a future Labour government.". 
Sterling is the 7th worst performing currency in the world since the referendum. No wonder no one believes Leave’s sloppy thinking anymore. #Remain 
."The department charged with securing trade after Brexit is NOT FIT for the role & has been forced to delay projects as it struggles with a skills shortage, a damning report warns today.". 
"What was promised as a firm framework for the future now has the consistency of a bowl of blancmange. Brexit in this mindset resembles nothing so much as an empty box. As long as the word is emblazoned on the lid, no one asks what is inside"  
So @DavidDavisMP has changed his mind based on abstract facts, yet the public is not allowed to do this, based on actual facts? #Brexit #StopBrexit #DavidDavis #Remain #Brexitshambles #EU #FBPE #ABTV #WATON 
.@bbclaurak don"t forget to remind listeners occasionally that we can still exit from #Brexit and revoke Article 50 #FBPE 
David Miliband tells The New European: Theresa May fuelled a hard-right Brexit. Labour needs to commit to stopping it  
Don't buy the 'Brexit dividend' myth  
The Pimlico Plumber wants to pull the plug on Brexit. #FBPE #Remain 
Jacob Rees-Mogg warned that the UK will be a "vassal state", and subordinate to the EU, during the implementation phase of Brexit. Is he right?  
"McConnell: "Egos' blocking Brexit deal" What is it with Labour and their ironic statements? This from PFI Joke McSenditback 
The chief executive of JP Morgan has told the BBC it could cut its 16,000 UK workforce by more than a quarter if financial rules diverge after #Brexit  
BREXIT BRITAIN FACT OF THE DAY: the Midlands City of Wolverhampton, political base of Enoch Powell in the 60s & a huge Leave majority, is HQ to just one large company. Carillion! 
#Davos2018 @davidcameron_n recorded saying Brexit not as bad as he thought and Projrct Fear a mistake. Will he apologise. Course not 
There's the *actual* Commonwealth of 52 nations, with 2.3bn people (overwhelmingly brown & black), then there's the *racist Brexit Commonwealth* of just 4 nations with 130m mostly white people.It's as racist as it gets.#r4today @LBC 
Office for Budget Responsibility has called UK Economy "weak and stable". It is stagnant & could dive into recession in the next few yrs. Brexit uncertainty has deflated the economy, Austerity has hit purchasing power & inflation has blown disposable income #ToryShambles #r4today 
Racist Brexit story of the day:.@Daily_Express promotes the "Free movement petition for Commonwealth nations"But for majority WHITE nations only.#StopBrexit#r4today @LBC @The3Million @thatginamiller @IanDunt @jdportes 
EXCLUSIVE: Despite @theSNP pledge Scots think EU students should start paying university fees after Brexit 
Good morning...On the show:- Mogg holds David Davis to account over Brexit- @jessphillips on Presidents Club - The disgraced US Olympics doctor- We return to my ABC campaign- Chair of Office For Students joins me in the studioPlus much more from 7 @LBC #LBCbreakfast 
May meets Trump TODAY: PM to strengthen post-Brexit special relationship with US in Davos  
Mark Carney indicated that Britain had forfeited about £10 billion a year in GDP since the Brexit vote  
Capitalism isn't the reason EU has a core system that works, it's the social protection it established in its foundation (protections of citizens, workers, vulnerable, etc). Those protections are what capitalism will always look to remove. Brexit is precisely such a move. 
JP Morgan boss in new warning on Brexit job losses  
“The position of England within the UK constitution is the elephant in the room which we constantly ignore. It seems to me that a lot of what was driving the Brexit vote was a kind of Anglo-British nationalism......(EVEL)   
The 'Brexit dividend' is a myth and the media should stop pretending it exists  
Getting us to discuss hard vs. soft Brexit, "Norway" vs. "Canada (+++)" vs. "Sweden" and "deal charactetistics" is a diversion tactic to de-focus our discussion of the most critical issue: how to #StopBrexit. Let's not be distracted. 
IPOB restates call for referendum  @Amaka_Ekwo 
Assange backed Brexit which Russian trolls/bots also promoted. Leaked UKIP memos revealed Assange was given the opportunity to contribute to speeches given by Farage/UKIP to European Parliament while UKIP branches were told to send activists to protest against Assange’s surrender  
They think the dip in books taking the piss out of Brexit is because of retail cycles. It’s not. It’s coz posho Remainers don’t shop at Smith’s and Brexiteers don’t tend to like buying stuff that makes fun of their political positions and lives...   
Aunty Beeb is letting us down rather badly in many ways1. It's #Brexit policy2. Too many party progandists too few Experts to challenge3. Impartially letting person A speak then Person B rather than ruthlessly calling out the BS of persons A&B impartially.  
No, David, it is a disaster, and of your making.....have the guts to accept that at least ...David Cameron: Brexit's turned out 'less badly than first thought' - BBC News  
May has got the whole of the Uk in turmoil what with Brexit. Defence of Uk,no troops or equipment , internal security, immigration, no protection by police, law and order, medical health. Control of media.She can’t now control her government,she now is letting the EU dictate 2 us  
Yep darn Brexit always makes things worse oh wait !!!  
#FreeNnamdiKanu#FreeBiafraBombs & bullets cannot stop our resolve to get #Biafra restored. Until 75 million #Biafrans are wiped out, our agitation to restore Biafra will continue. A call for referendum is not a call for war. #SupportBiafraReferendum 
WAKEY WAKEY @jeremycorbyn Tory engineered Hard Brexit or No Deal are the biggest cons against working people since the aristocracy persuaded them it was patriotic to die unnecessarily in their wars.  
Exclusive interview @ajaltamimi did with YPG's official spokesman Nouri Mahmoud on 19 January, incl. discussion of Afrin, U.S., Russia and Iran, and even the KRG referendum last year  
A No Change Brexit.Essentially exactly where we are now but with no say and at huge additional cost.I am increasingly convinced the govt has an octopus pulling random words out of a bag to set Brexit policy.Brexit means whatever the fuck. 
‘Enthusiasm for an alternative government will grow stronger, not weaker', says Momentum chief Jon Lansman speaks to The Independent about being elected to #Labour’s governing body, his hopes for a Jeremy Corbyn-led Government and the Brexit negotiations  
Twelve awkward moments from David Davis's Brexit committee appearance.A total shambles. Let’s not leave the future of our country in his hands. Let’s #StopBrexit.#Remain. #FBPE. #WATON. 
Summary of this conversation:Davis: Good morning.Cancer Research: Hello.Davis: What opportunities are coming as a result of #Brexit for medical research?Cancer Research: None.Davis: Oh. I'm sorry about that but it's too late to change our minds.Cancer Research: Really?   
Amid her plans for a Brexit transition deal, UK Prime Minister Theresa May faces signs of a rebellion among EU sceptics  
After 2 years of reading, watching and listening to everything possible about Brexit, I have yet to find one single positive benefit. Not one.#StopBrexit to restart Britain. 
And we're off ............Finland warns EU it will not help fill the €15bn Brexit budget black hole.Next ? 
Cameron is a fool and a dilettante.Had he walked away from the #EU's derisory & contemptuous offer in Feb '16 & campaigned strongly for Brexit, he'd have gone down as one of the greatest post-WW2 PMs for taking us out of the #EU. Instead, . . . . 
DUP desperate to renegotiate a new deal to supersede the GFA &SAA, the biggest motivation for this is to remove the mechanism for a UI referendum. As it's protected by international law this is their only legal way out of it. They should not be allowed to do this. Protect GFA. 
Good principled conservatives should back staying in the EU if Brexit won’t deliver for key sectors. Financial services, creative industries, car manufacturers: business leaders should say publicly what they share privately.Public support+political will can stop Brexit.  
My latest dispatch from my time in northeastern Syria: exclusive interview I did with YPG's official spokesman Nouri Mahmoud on 19 January, incl. discussion of Afrin, U.S., Russia and Iran, and even the KRG referendum last year  
And Cameron, never an enthusiastic European, headed one wing of the #Remain campaign while Corbyn headed the other. Amazing we only lost by so little. #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit #WATON 
A lot of Labour MSP's tweeting about the Scottish Budget.But it's:1. Don't mention the referendum.2. Don't mention Labour's 2012-2014 Tory coalition.3. Don't mention Labour fought in 2014 to keep Scotland on funding set by an austerity driven Tory Government. 
Parliament ordered a meaningful vote on the final Brexit deal. It also ordered the Brexit economic impact studies. They proved meaningless and insulting, we were played like a fiddle.Please sign this to ensure Govt is held to account to Parliament  
Back to back UCL. Did that Barca do it? Nope. Off you go referendum twat.  
Foreign direct investment in UK falls by 90% while in Germany it trebles. That’ll be #Brexit for you#StopBrexit  
Rightly described by @SkyNews as a scoop. Unlikely to get much @BBCNews coverage as it challenges Brexit ‘narrative’  
Good thread on the latest embarrassing David Davis appearance. Reminder: Canada has border checks with the USA despite a free trade deal. So it will take something more than that to avoid checks on the Irish border after Brexit.  
I've been almost a lone voice droning on every day about there being absolutely no Brexit dividend from Brexit. Imagine my joy today that everyone is suddenly tweeting about it.  
Fantastic evening with #LordKerr . #Article50 revocable. Brexit an attack on the NHS. 'Transition' a trap. Next 14 months critical: it's on us now. Check out our tweets. #Breverse #FinalSay #OnlyTheRichCanAffordBrexit@EUflagmafia @mrjamesob @JamesMelville @BrexitBin 
Hammersmith & Fulham Council have just passed a motion calling on the UK government to allow the people a vote on the terms of Brexit including the option to stay in the EU.  #stopbrexit 
RT if you think any tv journalist who doesn't challenge Leave lies about there being a Brexit dividend should be sacked.@afneil @Peston @BBCsarahsmith @AndrewMarr9 @AnnaJonesSky @StephenDixonTV @adamboultonSKY @faisalislam @tombradby @piersmorgan @susannareid100 @benshephard 
Brexit Britain could become the "bridge" between Europe and Asia and make a real success of leaving the European Union by cutting ties with the single market an expert has claimed.   
It's a mark of how low the Brexit bar is set that Leavers have treated Cameron's comments ("a mistake", "less badly") with glee. 
Your regular reminder that Brexit means a future that relies on chlorinated chicken and holding hands with an orange fascist ... who tells May this ...  
IFS, quoted at despatch box by PM today on different issue, calculate that the NHS “Brexit dividend” pondered at Cabinet this week “does not exist”  
"Brexit has turned out less badly than we thought."  That may be because it hasn't happened yet. 
Perpetrator of one of the stupidest & most destructive acts in the UK’s history says...what you’d expect him to say. Would someone also point out to him that Brexit hasn’t happened yet, almost certainly won’t, & this latter fact is what’s keeping some business etc here?  
A big day at @DublinCityUni tomorrow with the formal launch of @DCU_Brexit_Inst. A major highlight will be a keynote address from @PresidentIRL on the #FutureofEurope. Other speakers include @hilarybennmp, @HvRpersonal, @simoncoveney, & @HMcEntee. @emireland @ArthurCoxLaw 
Comparisons between Brexit talks and WWII look even stupider when made by Trump - especially since he would have said there were "very fine people on both sides" of that conflict.  
How am I only just seeing these tweets? One month before the referendum and our chief fucking negotiator believed the rules allowed us to negotiate with EU countries individually.  
Telegraph tomorrow reports UK will not be part of EAW European Arrest Warrants after Brexit according to the EU Commission. We will have to use old extradition legislation. Another Brexit ballsup.. 
Mogg exposes government’s ‘Brexit transition’ farce  
After the shambles of @BBCRadio4 embracing the fake Brexit dividend with Liam Fox, it's refreshing to see objective, fact based journalism. If @UKLabour stood up with passion for the good of the country, we'd be all over the Tories, their deceit, manipulation and incompetence. 
.@Nigel_Farage was #Brexit before #Brexit was cool. The godfather of UK #sovereignty returns to our #CPAC2018 stage next month. Cheers! 
How do you deduce he's changed his mind about #Brexit b/c he thinks it's turned out 'less badly' so far (before we've left)? Not a pointed question, just confused. 'Less badly' doesn't exactly imply an endorsement of the event itself. Which hasnt happened  
Cameron has mastered the art of time travel. Here he speaks to us from the year 2019, it seems - when Brexit has already happened and „turned out less badly“.Such a talent.  
This is no time for tribal politics. The country is in danger. It is unity & purpose that will stop Brexit. The challenge is far greater than political loyalty or personal ambition. In WWII there was a coalition of all in defence: that is the necessity now. 
Smoking ban, minimum pricing for alcohol, banning fox hunting, beating knife crime and now banning electric collars for dogs.The @scotgov is miles ahead of Westminster who are too snarled up in Brexit to achieve anything. 
Brexit can be stopped. And will be. 
.@jess_impiazzi is one of 30 million people who DIDN'T vote in the Brexit referendum. Amanda reckons most people thought it was a breakfast cereal. Mmmmm delicious Brexit.  #CBB 
BREXIT IS WORKING: REUTERS: UK Employment Surges to Record High, Wages Increase - Breitbart  via @BreitbartNews 
Mogg for PM! Caller joins Farage in urging Jacob Rees-Mogg to deliver Brexit for Britain  
David Cameron in leaked remarks: Brexit is a mistake, not a disaster  
The groundwork for something big is being laid, the anti @theSNP rhetoric has been turned up to 11 over the past few weeks. Could well be a flap of biblical proportions coming in relation to Brexit & the impending constitutional crisis. 
How @BBCNews could have reported Cameron:“Brexit is a mistake, says former PM”“Brexit will be difficult, says failed PM”It might not be a disaster for Cameron, but it is a disaster for Britain, EU citizens, and our future.#StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON 
This bit of Manc/Fall humour tickled me pre referendum#MarkESmithRIP 
A gloating Nigel Farage demands an apology from David Cameron after he was overheard saying  Brexit "has turned out less badly then we first thought." 
David Cameron has a vested interest in saying Brexit is not the national disaster he knows it is. 
."He’s free to change his mind on ANY details of Brexit ANY time he likes, select committee discovers.". by @JohnJCrace 
Brexit is a "travesty," Finland's ex-PM @alexstubb says  #WEF18 
The sad fact is, there ARE EU nationals fearful for their future post Brexit. This is almost entirely caused by scare-mongering Remainers.The day a UK govt starts deporting law-abiding EU citizens, I’ll be manning the barricades with AC Grayling. It ain’t gonna happen. 
Long past time for EU Commission and European Parliament to focus more on the details of guaranteeing @BritishInEurope rights in the EU27 after Brexit. Could take form of soft law or EU legislation. UK government doesn't seem to have any interest.  
#BBCBIASADMIT IT.Half quoting #DavidCameron reporting that "#Brexit isn't bad as we thought"and MISSING "It's a mistake not a disaster" on @BBCradio2 now as well.STOPTHISBIASEDREPORTING.#BREXITISAMONUMENTALNATIONALMISTAKE.#StopBrexit #FBPE#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
David Davis confirms that everyone has the right to change their mind, based on new information. Okey dokey then, let's crack on and cancel #Brexit, after all, even May confirmed only the other day that she'd prefer to #Remain 
David Davis isn’t negotiating a Brexit deal. He’s re-enacting scenes from The Office.Brexiters are becoming a national embarrassment. Just #StopBrexit. #FBPE. #WATON.   
The imperialist hypocrites lashed out at Venezuela and demanded a recall referendum that would lead to early presidential elections.Now, Maduro has called early presidential elections and they condemn him for it.You can never please them or work with them. 
I haven’t seen the article but presumably he’s pointing out Corbyn is badly mistaken in thinking he/Labour can somehow turn Brexit around with liberal or progress left-wing policies. Whole idea of Brexit is straight out of the Disaster capitalism textbook. It has to be stopped  
And the UK's biggest trading partner is ... the EU! ~45% of trade + ~15% with the rest of the world through EU FTAs.If it's not a good idea for #Scotland to leave UK, then it's an even stupider idea for the UK to #Brexit the EU.Tory #BrexitShambles - give us a #FinalSay 
A clear change in public opinion is needed before any re-run of the Brexit vote is held, Tony Blair says  #WEF18 
David Cameron says his Referendum didn't turn out so bad:Pound down/ Prices upFamilies can no longer discuss politicsBusinesses leftFuture is in Trump's tiny handsTrump (according to Farage)Jo CoxGov resources utterly tied up wetting the bedand  
Unemployment at 40 year Low, Vacancies at 17 year high, Employment highest ever. £ above pre brexit $ level. Wages set to overtake inflation by spring. Deficit at 10 year Low. Don’t let Labour wreck the economy again. #KeepLabourOut 
He said the government is heading for a "hotch-potch" Brexit deal amounting to "leaving without leaving".  
Project Fear Peddlers: "But but but... the post-Brexit vote economic crash? Mass unemployment??"  
When people are sad for others and puzzled @DanielJHannan they are empathetic and seek to learn. Yet your replies play politics, blame others, refute first hand experience & play down the hate, division and xenophobia the Brexit vote has unleashed.Lacking class in our view.  
David Cameron at Davos: 'Brexit Has 'Turned Out Less Badly Than We First Thought'  
So UK is still a member of the #EU but employment is at a record high. How can that be if #EU migrants have taken all the jobs? #Brexit has got so many things so very wrong. 
Quite simple. There is no case for the union, there’s still loads of oil, the lies of ref1 have all been exposed, Brexit is happening and SNP are doing a good job despite wall to wall SNPbad in MSM. They simply have nothing left. 
Business groups are spreading misinformation about Brexit costs, pub boss Tim Martin says  
The people who made implausible claims about Brexit being easy and fabulous MUST be the ones who to try to implement them. They must take full responsibility.  
Tory backbencher Jacob Rees-Mogg challenges #Brexit Secretary over plans for ECJ jurisdiction.  
The Conservatives can't rely on Brexit to win them the next election - Lord Ashcroft Polls  via @LordAshcroft 
Almost every month now, more good news of the expansion of the UK's port facilities at Tilbury, London Gateway, Felixtowe, Southampton, the ports in the North East and, possibly most importantly, Liverpool: key gateway to the Atlantic. This bodes well for our future, post-Brexit. 
It seems unlikely most Cabinet Ministers really believe #brexit is going to go ahead so for @bbcnickrobinson to take this approach appears to be a significant failing for a journalist. 
 David Cameron finally admits his side was wrong about Brexit. Why can't most remainers accept this? Watch my video now....  
Like shipwreck survivors clinging to floating debris, the sole economic indicator that desperate Remoaners have been able to cite in support of their shattered economic arguments has been the post-referendum fall in sterling.  Now even that’s gone.   
How can it be that there are only 50 pro-brexit MPs and a supposed #Remain PM yet the UK is still heading over the #Brexit cliff on the back of an advisory ref.Does the UK really have not one MP with b@lls enough to take a stand against their leader & start an avalanche? 
Could this be true? Claims that the Scottish Office is preparing for the post-Brexit erosion and even closure of the Scottish Parliament.  
Farage : "Barnier wants to punish us so that leaving the EU looks really hard"Nigel, by definition that means the EU can economically dominate us after Brexit.#FarageOnLBC 
Cameron on Brexit: 'It's turned out less badly than we've thought'  
Been awaiting delivery of a small piece of equipment ordered from the US. It’s been in customs clearance 9 days so far. I have to wait for an invoice for duty and make payment before they will release it. No invoice yet. #Brexit is going to be a breeze. 
Cameron appears to embrace Brexit as things don't appear to be as bad as feared.If reluctant and moderate Remainers move in Cameron direction, zero hope Brexit can be stopped. 
BUT... BUT... Brexit was supposed to RUIN EVERYTHING!   
Treasury Perm Sec told Commons cttee today that #Treasury has indeed done Brexit regional forecasts, & has modelled a #NoDeal outcome, but the #Tory govt are still refusing to release them.It's about time they did - people have a right to know how #Brexit will affect them! 
An independence referendum in 2019 or 2020 is looking increasingly likely!) 
Theresa May fueled a hard-right Brexit... now Labour needs to commit to stopping it. @DMiliband writes exclusively for this week's issue of The New European - in shops on Thursday. 
With transition period we'll see see aspects of EU membershipsuch as open borders, go on until 2021Us Brits voted for Brexit on 23/6/16Why are now expected to wait at least 5 years for anything substantial to change?It simply isn’t good enough. 
Be careful with those generalisations. They are many of us over 60s fighting Brexit with passion, determination & vigour & we're never going to stop.  
Finally, Britain can claim Brexit a success following the “it’s not a disaster” comment from a man who once placed his penis in a pig. Tally ho! Over the top everyone! 
#Brexit is a mistake (for the political elite) not a disaster.But for the "normal" people it's an absolute, fucking catastrophe!Never have the #British people been so swindled by the elite.Conned out of their rights.NOBODY gains from Brexit.#StopBrexit #DavidCameron 
WHY oh WHY oh WHY is @BBCPolitics tweeting to report #DavidCameron with the quote: "#Brexit's turned out less badly than we thought"carefully missing the rest of what he said: "It's a mistake not a disaster."Hmmm...?WHY #BBC?Please explain yourself.#BBCBias 
Italian PM says it is 'totally unrealistic' to exclude financial services from the Brexit trade deal  It is another encouraging sign, but if the UK is to take advantage of this kind of sentiment the government MUST offer more clarity on what deal it wants 
David Cameron is trying to brush off his culpability for Brexit by claiming it was just a 'mistake' - just a little error, ranking alongside forgetting your homework or leaving your child in a pub? Not for the next generation who will long suffer the consequences! #BrexitDisaster 
How do you think #Brexit is going? - David Cameron: Brexit's turned out 'less badly than first thought'  @David_Cameron RETWEET & VOTE  #YourVoiceMatters 
Nice to hear from David Cameron and that BREXIT isnt going that bad .He ia a Champion for the Remoaners and a true Hero for us BREXITIERS. Thanks David for the appreciated referendum us BREXITIERS will always be grateful for your fantastic parting gift Top Man Cheers Dave 
Twelve awkward moments from David Davis's Brexit committee appearanceOne gets the distinct impression that were Davis to be in the private sector he would be out of a job within the week! Bluff. bluster & BS#ConfirmTheWill don't Silence it#FinalSay 2018 
I think another complaint to BBC News may be in order - the 6pm R4 report on David Cameron saying Brexit has not turned out as badly as he thought? How does he know? It hasn't happened yet. 
Not a great day for the Tories.Made to look like idiots over "Flag Gate".Their motion against Michael Matheson kicked out at Holyrood.Pete Wishart suggests David Mundell “think about his own position” over failure to produce amendment to Brexit Bill.Oh Well! #ScotRef2018 
Sterling hits highest level since #Brexit vote, what a load of Bollocks on the 24th June 2016 £1 got you 1.31 Euro today you get 1.15, why do the Tory newspapers insist on telling lies? 
Eh, at what stage is it polite to say #Brexit hasn't happened yet?  
Brexit was meant to free the UK from the EU & rebuild our country after the damage inflicted on it by decades of EU membership. Politicians however are fighting democracy & trying to water down Brexit so the people’s vote becomes meaningless. Politicians vs. the people  
Jacob Rees-Mogg BLASTS David Davis to his face: ‘Stop backsliding and GET ON WITH BREXIT’  via @Your Brexit 
Dan Hannan says if you're gloomy about post Brexit economy, it's your fault.If you're an EU citizen fearful about your future in Brexitia, it's the fault of nasty #FBPE. Dan and Theresa love you, apparently. 
Brexit isn't about "taking back control"It's about throwing away 40 years of cooperation with our neighbours because some wealthy tax-avoiders managed to stir up xenophobia. 
Hopefully @jeremycorbyn has taken notice of this bombshell report and will stop ordering his MPs to vote for a hard #Brexit.  We can protect jobs and living standards against a botched Conservative Brexit, but only if Labour comes off the fence #ExitFromBrexit #FBPE 
Meanwhile at #Davos, Millionaire David Cameron says Brexit "was a mistake, not a disaster" & "it has turned out less badly than we thought".I suspect even if it does become a massive catastrophe, he'll probably be just fine.  
.@SadiqKhan #Brexit report that the UK could lose half a million jobs and nearly £50bn in investment by 2030 should be obligatory bedtime reading for @jeremycorbyn. He must back efforts to minimise the impact of Brexit by keeping Britain in the Single Market and Customs Union. 
This is what Brexit has done. The effects may be hard to reverse, but we won't do it by blithely continuing with it.#FinalSayForAll #WeAreTheOppositionNow 
The man who will go down in history as the worst PM of all time, tries to mitigate his actions. ‘Brexit is a mistake not a disaster.’David Cameron is a snake person not a human being. 
'Brexit's turned out less badly than we thought' - ex-PM and Remain campaign leader @David_Cameron is caught on camera saying what he really thinks. 
THEREISNOBREXIT DIVIDEND 
The Secretary of State takes 'full responsibility' for the Clause 11 failure. The Brexit secretary also suggests that he may be the blockage to progress. Should he now be considering his position?   
David Cameron destroyed the country's faith in expertise. He treated you like idiots. He never bothered to explain what the Single Market is. He just said: "You need it. If we lose it the UK will immediately go up in flames"No bloody wonder Brexit won! 
Man who warned Brexit could trigger financial apocalypse and war says, actually, Brexit is going "less badly than first thought"  
David Cameron reckons Brexit is a mistake not a disaster, which is better than my assessment of David Cameron’s tenure at No 10, which was both a mistake AND a disaster.  
Remember.Remain campaigners said "millions of jobs would go on day one" following a Brexit vote.UK unemployment falls to 1.44 million - BBC News  
David Cameron admits that Brexit 'has turned out less badly than we first thought'  
Seeing this more & more.Government is engaged in pushing through a #brexit process that will be deeply unpopular across the UK by the time it's finally implemented.  Feels like something is broken.  
A Brexiter recently stated that I am wasting my time calling for a second EU referendum. He claimed that support for another referendum is dwindling. Rather predictably he added: “you lost, get over it.”To prove he’s wrong, please retweet if you want a second EU referendum. 
Never forget that #davidcameron destroyed Britain's future by gutting the social safety network, fanning the flames of racism and then unleashing the referendum on Britain to appease fascists in his government. Leaders throughout the ages have been put in chains for less. 
David Cameron says Brexit isn't the disaster the Remoaners desperately hoped it would be,Remoaners be like...  
David Cameron put the final nail in the coffin of Project Fear today - as he admitted Brexit is 'not as bad as we thought'. 
David Cameron: Brexit's turned out 'less badly than first thought' - One, Brexit hasn’t yet. Two, Brexit will be delayed at least 2 years after 2019. Three, it will be a tragedy for young people and people less well heeled than him.  
Fiction turned into reality when @DavidDavisMP pulled his best Sir Humphrey impression at the Brexit Committee.  
Isn’t Brexit awesome?  
GOTCHA: David Cameron caught on camera admitting Project Fear got it wrong and saying Brexit really isn't all that bad!Even the Remoaner establishment are warming to Brexit Britain! 
. @bbcnickrobinson explains that the BBC regards the referendum as over & regards protesting Remainers as "like fighters who emerge after months of hiding in a bush" & "seem not to accept that the war is over".Insulting, and conveniently pro-government.#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit  
Theresa May faces Tory backlash over claim UK has already 'agreed' Brexit transition  
And then there was one... Khaled Ali has withdrawn from Egypt's fraught presidential election. Other candidates were threatened, harassed or arrested. Now the election looks more like a referendum on the rule of President Sisi. 
the mic is always on...... Cameron says Brexit isn't as bad as he thought it would be...  
Die Welt reports that the office that advises Bundestag MPs on EU matters provided a confidential report in 2017 claiming that a much longer Brexit transition beyond 2020 is needed:  
When the former frontman of the Remain campaign says Brexit hasn't been the calamity he said it would be throughout the referendum, isn't it time for Remainers to let go of their second referendum demands and start working to make a success of Brexit?  
In a secret recording @David_Cameron admits Brexit is 'frustrating' but 'not a disaster'  
This is a very difficulty statistic for the Brexit Club. I know those who voted said it was worth any price  and many were retired and so aren't affected.But if you were young and genuinely thought you were doing the patriotic thing this is real money gone.  
"Brexit is a mistake, not a disaster" says @David_Cameron. He's been on a journey 
I think it is a very serious matter too Chuka @ChukaUmunna, so serious that I am committed to campaigning to get Brexit stopped. I will not stop campaigning until we #StopBrexit. I cannot and will not allow my childrens' futures be ruined based on a lie. 
WATCH Dave on Hot Mic: Brexit Has Turned Out Less Badly Than We Thought  
There is no ‘Brexit dividend’ only a ‘Brexit surcharge’ where every one of us will have to pay for the multi billion cost of Brexit. Any politician, in either main party, that says Brexit will be a good thing is lying to you.  
'The Brexit dividend' is an old lady left alone on a trolly in a hospital corridor quietly murmuring that she is in great pain. That is all it will be and all it will ever be. 
Just visiting London for a couple of days. (Brexit stuff)Figured I'd stop by Westminster for a bit.Steven Bray is outside Parliament every day... Giving people a space to make their resistance felt. () 
New piece on the NHS Brexit dividend. It does not exist. In fact we would need to spend £1bn a year more just to compensate NHS staff for the higher prices already seen since the referendum.  
As new facts emerge it is becoming clear that Brexit as it was sold is undeliverable. The public have the right to have the final say at the end of this process. 4/4 
Thread: A significant and damning @georgeeaton interview with Robert Chote, the head of the Office for Budget Responsibility, with a series of revelations about the state of the UK economy since the Brexit vote. 1/  
A Brexit Dividend is presumably the money saved by no longer paying into the EU budget.A Brexit Deficit is when you have to use that dividend to replicate all the stuff the EU used to do for you and it costs you much more than you used to pay.Do you see the wee problem? @BBC 
in the last two days i have been contacted by the Daily Mail and the Express for a comment on Brexit and Ireland. I would rather sandpaper my eyes  than give them a comment on anything other than their grim publications. 
An exasperated @GuyVerhofstadt on some of the "impossible" #brexit scenarios coming out of the UK (45secs of his 7min tirade) @EP_Environment 
Tony Blair at Davos: Brits Will Reject Brexit Because UK 'Needs' EU Migrants  
No words to describe the infuriatingly helpless feeling remainers feel today as David Davis tells the #brexit committee, he no longer wants the Custom Union as the facts on the ground changed. How hypocritical! Doesn't he think 'the people' also change their minds. #WATON #FBPE 
"There's only one real problem with all this. The Brexit dividend has never existed and probably never will."  
Pound rises above $1.42 on positive Brexit signs and better-than-expected jobs data  
The conspiracy and open attacks on brexit are now beyond a joke. Truck loads of wankers going over to the EU in an attempt to betray this country . . . .This should be made illegal and stopped immediately. 
Whitehall stuffed with ultra-Remainer civil servants obstructing Brexit latest...  
David Mundell faces calls to resign after breaking promise to protect Scotland from post-Brexit 'power grab' #scotref 
If the region of Wallonia can have a say on final #Brexit trade deal, Wales must have a say too, @LeanneWood tells @EUPARTYEFA press conference in Brussels. 
Sketch: After the Brexit Committee this morning, I think it’s safe to say David Davis should never be allowed to speak in public again | @tompeck  
Interesting comparison by @LordAshcroft between WWII and Brexit here and why Theresa May has to offer more. This is an analysis shared by many ministers  
We're hosting a meeting between  @Plaid_Cymru & representatives from Catalan govt #president @KRLS #Puigdemont, & exiled ministers @MeritxellSerret & @toni_comin of #Catalonia. #Plaidcymru has come to Brussels to fight for Welsh interests in #Brexit. Time for #AnotherEurope 
 Four months ago, our CEO predicted the Pound would bounce back up within the next 12 months. Today, GBP hit a new post-Brexit high as it pushed through the $1.40 level!  Read the full interview in the @Daily_Express ->  
Leavers didn't know what they voted for as the EU Referendum asked the wrong question. Do you wish to #remain in the European Union & save the NHS?orDo you wish to Leave the EU at twice the cost of membership, damage the economy beyond repair & cut health spending? #FBPE 
UK losing satellite infrastructure due to #Brexit.  
The 'Brexit dividend' is a myth and the BBC should stop pretending it exists. 
.@ChukaUmunna – Chote has delivered “devastating blow to credibility of hard Brexit”  
Brexit was "not exactly a smart move," Italy's ex-PM Mario Monti says  #WEF18 
Sending more UK jobs into outer space. Thank you Brexit.  
The bickering between David Davis & Jacob Rees-Mogg is the starkest evidence yet that a Brexit transitional deal is far from secure under this government. 
Down syndrome group calls for respect during abortion referendum  via @IrishTimes 
Let's be clear the only #brexit  dividend is the one that will be paid out to rich  oligarchs when workers' rights, environmental  are eliminated and the financial sector is deregulated to a precarious level.  #PMQs 
What he really means is that he would not have represented Scotlands point of view and would simply have rolled over and allowed a destructive brexit bill to pass unammended. 
‘I’m going to warn Rupert Murdoch and all the other billionaires backing Brexit that we are behind them, 100%.’  
Mogg exposes government’s ‘Brexit transition’ farce  
Well done Mogg for putting nature of Implementation/transition at heart of Brexit debate. He wants to know terms. End date equally crucial. 
Sick of seeing this spastic in the media, he should be in a prison cell getting a walloping from ex-forces men not slagging off Granite Brexit at a posh ski resort. Granite Brexit needed!  
“But don’t let those who voted on Brexit have the right to reconsider.  Do as I say, not as I do.”  
90 per cent of growth will be outside the EU - and Brexit means Britain can benefit, writes @LiamFox @tradegovuk as he  heads to the World Economic Forum in Davos  
. @DavidDavisMP accused of betraying Brexit voters by agreeing to follow EU law for ANOTHER two years  
Better prepared and informed than any BBC interviewer, albeit a few killer questions missed.  And no nonsense about a "Brexit dividend", which Fox was allowed to spout unchallenged on Today this morning @BBCr4today @EvanHD @afneil @AndrewMarr9 @bbcnickrobinson 
I have no idea how long this pair of clowns 'rehearsed' this little comedy routine, but Brexit is no laughing matter. #SendOutTheClowns #StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON @Andrew_Adonis @nickreeves9876 @PJStringfellow @chunkymark @bbcquestiontime @bbclaurak @LBC 
Brexit got under 20 seconds of Merkel speech at #WEF2018. And reiteration that access to single market is linked to free movement. “We make no compromises on that”. Limits T May’s room for manoeuvre 
Don't buy the 'Brexit dividend' myth | David Shariatmadari  
Refreshing. Let’s apply that to Brexit, and stop it.  
You daft sod. The £100bn that Brexit steals means £34bn a year less tax to fund the NHS. The effect of the Tory austerity on the NHS is 1/3 of that and kills 10,000 people a year. Brexit would steal enough money to save 30,000 lives a year. Is that meaningful enough? #FBPE 
OBR head Robert Chote: Brexit and austerity have harmed economic growth - my interview:  
Iain Macwhirter: Forget Brexit, England could yet end up exiting EU alone  
While the elites were eating foie gras in Davos, gold just took out the 2017 high. Next up: the 2016 post-Brexit high.  
Europe's #Brexit serenade failing to lure many London bankers  
Chancellor Merkel has just confirmed here at Davos regarding Brexit: No membership in the internal market without respecting the four freedoms, 'including the freedom of movement of people.' 
Now attending hearing on Brexit in @EP_Environment - looking at the potential impact of Brexit on EU’s environmental and health policies. Watch here:  
Friends! Idiots!Brexit voters weren't educated enough to believe Our Project Fear's forecast of economic devastation in the wake of a Leave vote!And yet Leavers claim that "continually falling unemployment shows that it's Remoaners who are the idiots"! Talk about bigotry!  
Good news for Britain. Merkel says it is disappointing the U.K. is leaving the EU. That’s it. She adds Brexit “has encouraged us to concentrate on the big [European] issues”.  
WAR in the House of Lords: Peers threatened with ABOLITION if they vote against Brexit  
In our recent poll, 63% of respondents stated their desire to hold a second referendum to determine whether the UK leaves the EU on 29 March 2019. So how did you vote; and how would you vote next time? 
“I hadn’t thought through when it would surface.”“That was then, this is now”.Two @DavidDavisMP phrases that sum up Brexit. No detail necessary until necessary detail inevitably derails past promises. Why can’t we change our mind too?   
I'm an ex-academic cancer drug discoverer. I can tell you categorically that there are precisely zero benefits for any cancer research field (there are many) from Brexit. Worse: before we've even left, my old lab has already lost several highly talented and dedicated scientists. 
On the topic of #Brexit the @BBCNews is as much a government mouthpiece as Russia Today. #FBPE #StopBrexit 
Still waiting to hear from @DExEUgov about all the Brexit ‘opportunities’ David Davis was discussing at Cancer Research in Cambridge in December 2015.  
EU ambassadors have just approved a clear mandate for a transition period after #brexit. Mandate still to be endorsed by GAC Jan. 29. How fast can a deal be sealed? Depends exclusively on progress made in negotiations on legal text in Brussels. Energy needs to be focused here. 
David Davis replaced as Brexit negotiator by two short planks 
Liam Fox backs Boris Johnson's call to use Brexit dividend to increase NHS funding 
The UK's senior minister in charge of Brexit has told a parliamentary committee he no longer agrees that Britain should remain in the EU customs union  
Tim Martin is a hero of the #Brexit cause - and he's still taking the Remoaners to task. 
The @ScotSecState finally admits that Scottish MPs will miss out on an important phase of the EU Withdrawal Bill because of his failure.  Scotland shouldn't be silenced because a UK minister was ill-prepared.  #BrexitShambles #Brexit #PowerGrab 
Referendum Called On Whether Nation Definitively Likes Or Dislikes Saoirse Ronan  
Andrew Neil "What will be different in the transition period?"Brexit Minister has no answer other than to repeat "we'll leave".Transition period = status quo - EU voice(UK leave in name only)Predicted Brexit betrayal confirmed.#bbcdp #pmqs 
Tories are asset strippers. They don't give a toss about people or UK. Greed & power is what drives them. Disgraceful. Deliberate -they know full well what they are doing. Hunt is carrying out Govt policy. Privatisation. We will lose NHS as free service. Unless GE & no Brexit. 
May set us on a miserable Brexit trajectory and stubbornly persists in the rhetoric of arrogant delusion to keep us on that road to ruin.A brilliant analysis by @jonlis1 of everything that’s wrong with Brexit and why.  
Labour's Lord Mandelson has secretly offered to help Brussels in Brexit talks.What a traitor!  
The Prime Minister is right, our UK financial services sector benefits the EU & is a ‘global public good’ but it will only stay that way if the Government has a plan for it in the Brexit negotiations & so far there is silence on any detail 
Mundell can't name one new power coming to the Scottish Gov after Brexit, but wants the SNP to debate how it will use them. #ScottishQuestions 
Hysterical. Scottish Conservative Paul Masterton asks Fluffy how the Scottish Government will use those new after BREXIT powers. Fluffy has yet to name 1 power coming to the Scottish Government. He can't. They have not negotiated with the EU yet. Hilarious.  
PM: “Cancer treatment is a priority for this government”Health Sec yesterday: “EU cancer drugs might not be available after Brexit” #PMQs 
Anyone else feel #Brexit is like being on a perfectly good aircraft the crew have decided to fly into the ground? Whilst nosediving towards the earth pilot & co-pilot argue whether it should be a hard or soft crash. Whilst the passenger scream pull up! #FBPE #WATON #StopBrexit 
Trying to catch Speaker's eye to ask the PM at #PMQs if she regrets spending  £300 million on 10,000 civil servants to deliver her chaotic #Brexit when £300 million would have stopped the winter A&E crisis or built a new St Helier Hospital. #FBPE 
Kirsty Blackman (SNP) asks May to clarify whether the govt will commit to staying in the customs union after Brexit, May says: we will be leaving the single market and customs union #PMQs 
Was able to use my question at #PMQs to ask the PM whether or not she intended to pursue a customs union with the EU, post-Brexit. Can anyone who was listening work out whether the answer was yes or no? 
After hearing David Davis' comments before the Brexit Committee this morning, we are increasingly concerned Britain will be in a transition period which leaves us as a vassal state of the EU for 2 years!We must be fully OUT in March 2019. #GetBritainOut 
The Brexit Secretary must think we are all stupid. As it becomes clear that the Brexit he and others promised is not deliverable, people have every right to keep an open mind. 5/5 
He claimed the Government never had 'red lines' on the ECJ and the Single Market, and refused to say if there will be a 'Brexit dividend'. 4/ 
Every MP sitting in chamber knows the #NHS is buckling because of a spending squeeze. A&E's in crisis, staff leaving, people being treated in corridors. And #Brexit makes it worse.Time for Tories to admit they’re failing our health service - and give it the money it needs #PMQs 
"Brexit is now a matter of delusion management." Quote @mrjamesob on @LBC . About nails it  #Brexit 
I call upon all #Tory #supporters, #voters and #activists to inform the @Conservatives that there can only be one #LOYALTY & that is to #BRITAIN not to the #ConservativeParty! #BREXIT! #BBC #SKY @BBC @LBC #LBC #ITV @ConHome @theresa_may #UK #EU @CCHQPress #Conservatives #TORIES 
OUCH: @Jacob_Rees_Mogg just exposed the government’s ridiculous ‘transition phase’.We want full Brexit now!  
.Tory MP demands Scottish Gov tells UKG what it will do with “plethora” of new powers post Brexit, despite D Mundell being unable to mention even 1 such power! ’Tell us what your going to do with the new powers we can’t even name’ #throughthelookingglass 
Andrew Neil rips Robin Walker apart over Tory NHS funding compared to Labour's funding record of the #NHS#Brexit #StopBrexit #FBPE #bbcdp #PMQs 
Today I've come across two people from other EU countires, living in the UK, who are spreading scare stories about Brexit, lying about citizens rights & referring to Leave voters as 'fascists & racists'.Why?  May has confirmed their futures are secure in the UK. Why lie? 
.@Jacob_Rees_Mogg holding the government to account on Brexit backsliding this morning. At least someone is.  
The “creeping damage” of #brexit continues, week by week... 
David Davis today at the EU Exit committee. Forgive me for being sceptical, but his words feel awfully hollow... (2 clips making up 3 minutes) #brexit @The3Million @InLimboBrexit 
SNP @PeteWishart asks Mundell “to think about his own position” over failure to produce amendment to Brexit Bill 
Brexiteers starting to turn on each other, a PM without any authority whatsoever.. Businesses screaming out for SM/CU... #Brexit Is Toxic!!  
Brexit betrayal continues. May's transition period will keep UK in the EU in all but name. Worst possible arrangement, keep paying, keep their rules, can't freely negotiate trade deals and lose voice in EU affairs. #bbcdp 
#scottishQuestionsMartin Docherty Hughes asks Mundell to disclose dark monies given by DUP to BrexitTime for full disclosure of funds 
Something that is severely impacting millions -- just heard many stories about that again yesterday. You could at least have the decency not to rub it in, as it were. Not to then go out and say you're 'puzzled' when an EU national writes about the impact of Brexit and 19/ 
All to spin the story you like. All by pitting us @The3Million against others or by telling us that either our concerns aren't real or that we shouldn't be so pessimistic about Brexit -- something that's pulled the rug from under our feet. 18/ 
Under cross-examination from #JacobReesMogg, @DavidDavisMP REFUSES to confirm that leaving the jurisdiction of the #ECJ is a government red line in #Brexit negotiations. @theresa_may's administration is full of #TRAITORS!   #BBC #SKY #LBC #TORY @ConHome 
WATCH | Under cross-examination from @Jacob_Rees_Mogg, David Davis REFUSES to confirm that leaving the jurisdiction of the European Court of Justice is a government red line in Brexit negotiations.Of course we voted to end the supremacy of EU law. This administration is a joke!  
"Until the vote, being publicly hostile to migration was socially frowned upon. People holding a negative prejudice against EU immigrants thought they belonged to a minority, until the Brexit result made them feel like they were part of a majority..."  
Lords ABOLISHED if they vote against #Brexit“It would be act of political suicide for House of Lords, reminiscent of debates we had over 100yrs ago in 1910/11"1911 Parliament Act constrained power of unelected Lords vote against will of the people#EU 
Perhaps instead of Brexit postage stamps, some entrepreneur could introduce a savings scheme like Green Shield stamps. One Brexity stamp issued for each £100M the govt spends on Brexit. Collect 1000 stamps for a free visit to a foodbank or 2000 for a 10 minute doctors appointment 
Spoken like a man who didn't do the Brexit impact reports he promised because he couldn't be bothered.  
Davis's excuse is that he made those remarks "before I was a minister".He made them on the 11th July 2016.He was appointed Brexit Secretary precisely two days later  
It appears it's perfectly ok for David Davis to look at the facts and then change his mind but woe betide any member of the public who wants to change their mind over #Brexit.  
Your periodic reminder that this is the man in charge of Brexit  
“We’re leaving, we don’t need to behave as if we’re a permanent member… thank you, Secretary of State,” says @Jacob_Rees_Mogg - having just given the Brexit secretary a harder time than any of the committees' arch-remainers  
David Davis says anyone who goes into negotiations using the phrase "red lines" is an "idiot" If I'm not very much mistaken hasn't Theresa May  set out numerous #brexit "red lines"#StopBrexit #FBPE #Remain 
UK #Brexit deal can be VETOED by any 1 of 27 members & 11 parliaments"It's clear Barnier, intransigent Eurocracy personified, has no intention of ever being a decent [UK] deal.Sadly his actions will only recreate the poverty EU imposed on Greece."#EU 
There are already 'borders' in the Irish sea & within the UK. Differentiation does not mean the end of the Union; in many ways, it is its redemption.The language & thinking of HMG re: Devolution must catch-on -and fast- if we are to avoid a dead-end for NI/IRL Brexit strand.  
I've just been Watching David Davis in front of the Brexit Select Committee.The man's hubris is fucking staggering. Just when you think that Boris Johnson is the most arrogant man in living memory, up steps David Davis. 
It would be bad enough if the Bank of England’s Brexit forecasts were made in error but they were not; they were politically motivated as part of Project Fear to deceive the British people and subvert democracy. That is a resigning matter.  
''Jeremy Hunt admits EU cancer drugs will not be available in Britain if Brexit talks break down: '''#Brexit #Politics "David Davis"I have cancer. I am being treated. Wait till YOUR family member has it. No #NHS, no treatment. Well done, Leavers.  #stopbrexit 
The flag fakery tells you somethingNot just about opposition to Independence But about the state of #Brexit#TheresaMay is weakThe Cabinet running riot#Brexit is a shambles Scotland and her First Minister show up the UKGovSo they set the dogs on her 
This from a few months ago seems to have acquired a new life on Twitter. All that discussion of the Brexit dividend for the NHS I guess.  
Only an "idiot" would go into Brexit negotiations talking about "red lines," says David Davis, adding that: "I never use [the phrase]"  
So Dominic Cummings, Darth Dacre, and the last Conservative manifesto all seem to have got it wrong on free school meals. That bodes well for Brexit then...    
DAVID DAVIS: #Brexit isn't all bad news. For example, after 29 March 2019, Britain will no longer have the highest rates of childhood obesity, divorce, cocaine use, gonorrhoea & teenage pregnancy in the #EU. BENN: That's because we'll no longer be in EU.DAVIS: True. Ha ha ha! 
So David Davis offered 'privileged access' to Brexiter Tory donors.The only people ‘taking back control’ are Tory cronies manipulating the system.Meanwhile, in the real world, everyone else will have to suffer the consequences of Brexit. 
When we have the 2nd vote on the #Brexit deal I want.1. All 16/17 year olds eligible2. All EU citizens resident in the UK 3 All expat Brits everywhere.4 A compulsory vote.5 A rejection to default to staying in the #EU Followed by primary legislation banning referendums. 
#LBC Anyone left listening to James O’ Brien on LBC. The worst radio presenter of all time. Still banging on about Brexit every day the idiot. James O’ Brien does for  radio presenters,  what Big Daddy did for trampolining      
David Davis is being interrogated by the Commons EU Exit committee. He just said that he no longer supports the Customs Union: "as the facts changed, I changed my mind". Lots of people are changing their mind about Brexit but aren't being given a voice #BrexitShambles #StopBrexit 
.@AdamBoultonSKY It's astonishing that this was David Davis's understanding of how the EU works at the height of the EU referendum campaign.  
May I suggest that Fox, Davis and Johnson spend the next six months 'working' somewhere like Jaguar Land Rover and then report back on exactly how Brexit will be of benefit to such businesses? 
How did a country for so long at the forefront of innovation and science end up with David Davis negotiating Brexit?"Thick as mince" would be a compliment 
Bank of England Governor Mark Carney took home £880,000 last year. Given his doom and gloom post-Brexit predictions were way off target (in fact the opposite has happened) how is he still in the job ? He either isn't very good at the job OR he wilfully lied to the British public. 
Senior figures at the CBI, which speaks for over 190,000 businesses across the UK, are calling for a chance to prevent Brexit if it is clear the government's deal will cause lasting damage to the economy 
As a London academic in cancer research, there is no real support for brexit here - we receive funding from EU collaborations, and get to recruit amazing staff with complete ease from across Europe. Brexit will hurt us. 
Tarquinius Twatty-Surname here is lying about what his own minister saidDavid Davis was talking about forecasts for when we've left. We haven't left yet. Also, when expert after expert line up to say Brexit is terrible you can't dismiss them all as politically motivated.  
DD says Britain won't be paying a "danegeld" to EU after Brexit - that's literally a tax that was paid to Viking raiders to stop a land being ravaged 
The 'BREXIT DIVIDEND' which @BBCr4today reported as fact this morning, is as fanciful as Liam Fox's trade deal with Trump. The only concrete fact is the BREXIT BILL, provisionally costed by the Treasury at £39bn! 
Speech just cited to @DavidDavisMP by him at Brexit Committee where he backed Customs Union membership to protect Europe trade and allow other trade freedoms: (seems to be 2012)  
David Davis says immigration was a "minority" issue in the EU referendum. Did he sleep through it?  
Farage shouldn’t be so confident of winning a Vote on the Deal.  People are now far more aware of the costs of #Brexit and the fabrications of the Leave Campaign. Instead of the promised £350m for the NHS, living standards are falling and the health service is in crisis. #FBPE 
Why not provide some economic forecasts from independent experts to counter the BoE assertions? Its been almost 2 years since the referendum campaign, you must have some idea by now. 
Folks here we have it: @DanielJHannan blames remain voters for generating climate that EU nationals are leaving UK. That's right it's not those that voted for #Brexit who are to blame but those who voted for EU. No doubt remain voters will be blamed for economic consequencess too  
WATCH: David Davis just admitted at @CommonsEUexit committee that he "changed his mind" on his previous support for the Customs Union. If Davis can change his mind, so can the British public. Please RT so everybody knows they can keep an open mind on Brexit:  
In evidence to the Brexit Committee @DavidDavisMP ridiculed the useless Bank of England forecasts on the consequences of a vote to leave. Too polite to say they were politically motivated. 
At the last election millions voted Tory as the best party to negotiate Brexit. Next time they are going to need another reason. My piece for @ConHome 
Lovely stuff from David Davis at Brexit Select Committee as he asked whether this chap, Dr Lorand Bartels, Cambridge University Law Fellow and Senior Trade Adviser "knows what he's talking about."  
On the first anniversary of the Supreme Court's judgment in the Miller case, Alison Young, @Jack_R_Williams and I are delighted to have submitted the manuscript of our edited book —The UK Constitution after Miller: Brexit and Beyond — to @hartpublishing 
David Davis tears into the Bank of England’s Brexit forecasts, which have been shown to have been way off, arguing that the “facts make the case” against the need for ‘Brexit impact assessments’  
Could we end up, not with Brexit but with Engxit?   My column on the Continuity Bill and the politics of regulatory alignment.  
David Davis before the Brexit select committee always has the feel of a popular if slightly complacent regional sales manager trying to bluff his way through a difficult work appraisal. 
David Davis tells the Brexit select committee that "as the facts changed, I changed my mind" on the Customs Union. As the facts change on Brexit, we all have the right to change our minds as well. 
7. Professionally I am quite in awe of the ruthless message discipline of Leave. It is superb.Professionally I am also contemptuous of @BBCr4today for being complicit in the PR strategy of the Brexit leadership 
Britain will lose more than £350 million a week because of Brexit. Let’s fund our NHS instead.Put that on a bus.  
Outbreak of common sense from OECD's Gurria: time to move on & make #Brexit a success.  
@RickCampbell12 @IainDale  Apologies from England on behalf of Iain Dale, he's a right wing Brexit headbanger. WeScotland 
There is, I think, a certain irony in some folks saying "adopt, don't abort" when the same folks, during the marriage referendum campaign, cried that gay couples adopting would ruin the world, because children only do well if raised by their birth parents...#repealthe8th 
What "opportunities"????  The UK WAS the second largest recipient of EU Science and research funding. We have LOST the European Medical Agency. We are LOSING 43 years of science networking.  There are NO POSITIVES TO BREXIT! 
The same Tory press that uses big business at EVERY election to tell you not to vote Labour is now saying don’t listen to big business over Brexit  
The indyref saw the BBC’s reputation as a source of impartial news and analysis take a devasting blow and #Brexit coverage has trashed what was left. But what do you expect if presenters are allowed to becoming the mouthpieces of one side of the argument? 
2. There *will* eventually be a "Brexit dividend" (we will get our net contributions back). Problem is almost all economists, including OBR, think it will be more than offset by lower domestic tax revenues because of lower growth (as has already happened) 
Tony Blair: Back in June 2016 we voted to leave but couldn’t know the alternate proposition, so what people like me are saying is we should have right to think again. Read Tony’s recent article on Brexit here:  #WEF18 @WEF @BloombergTV 
A majority of Theresa May's own MPs oppose her planned Brexit transitional deal  
Charity's warning ahead of Eighth Amendment referendum: 'Stop exploiting children and adults with Down syndrome'  
Brexit is a problem for Europe, which will be diminished and weaker, Tony Blair says  #WEF18 
You cannot make it up. We desperately need more NHS Drs & because the govt cannot seem to count. Drs arrive having passed all sorts of tests, from overseas. (as no one wants to work here anymore since Brexit)Then these Drs are prevented from working. 
A second Brexit referendum can only happen if there's a clear shift in public opinion, Tony Blair says  #WEF18 
London voted against Brexit.NYC, LA, SF, etc against Trump.Istanbul, Ankara against Erdogan.All very deeply divided societies.#ASocietyDivided #Davos18 
What on earth has happened to them, really. ITN and Sky are managing to report on Brexit matters objectively and fairly. 
Has anybody squared a so-called ‘Brexit dividend’ with OBR forecasts? The latter seem to me to render the former a complete fiction but I could be wrong. 
Those people shocked at the bias of #r4today unquestioningly accepting there will be a Bexit 'dividend' and not a Brexit deficit, only need to know Today producer @sarahsands100 is a BIG fan of Theresa May and Boris Johnson:  
The BBC is reporting the 'Brexit dividend' uncritically as if it something which really exists. Just extraordinary. 
I’ve only just realised that Stefaan has coined an amazing new Brexit word: cherry pickle ie the problem created when a party seeks to cherry-pick. Eg “Your request for financial services equivalence without free movement of people puts us in a real cherry pickle.”  
Yet more brainwashing from Brexiters. Boris Johnson and Liam Fox are suggesting ways in which the government will spend a “Brexit dividend”.Don’t fall for this crap. Brexit will cost £40 billion in a divorce bill and £400 billion over 10 years in lost revenues. 
There are no opportunities - not one, and everyone in CRUK will have been able to tell you that.  Brexit is already damaging our research, development and universities and this is before we even leave.  
Brexiteers still want out of the customs union. Clearly, people have had enough of exports. #Brexit 
I can assure you as a Cambridge academic in cancer research, that there is virtually NO support for Brexit here, and only concern and disbelief about the lost opportunities. 
“Are there any opportunities after Brexit, Mr Davis?”“Er. Not as such, no.”“OK, well…thanks for coming?” 
The prospect of a soft Brexit may seem to offer some solace to Remainers. But it is still a path beset with pitfalls.  
Is anybody still wondering why @TheGreenParty scoffs every time @michaelgove or @theresa_may utters the phrase ‘green Brexit’ with a straight face. This is the reality  #plasticpollution #greenbrexit #hypocrisy 
Labour will today use an opposition day debate (previously used to force release of Brexit *impact papers*) to try to compel government to publish its Carillion assessments before it went under.  
Theresa May is selling us out. It's time for the @Conservatives to show some leadership, stand up & throw her out. More & more economists are saying #Brexit will be good for us & she is bottling out & leading us into an election to deliberately lose. 
Every day I see information on my Twitter feed (from reliable sources) about the negative impacts of Brexit. None of it is reported by the @BBC. Should it be renamed as the Brexit Broadcasting Corporation? #WednesdayWisdom 
#r4today devotes most of its Liam Fox interview to asking about the "Brexit dividend" which is something which exists only in the minds of those who talk about it.  
The Tories new ‘fake news unit’ doesn’t need to look far if they want something to chew on. We could start with Boris Johnson’s bus, then on to Jeremy Hunt’s NHS data, not forgetting the Brexit impact assessments from David Davis & then there’s Theresa May’s homelessness data... 
Things I now longer trust because of #Brexit:BBC newsBBC current affairs programmes (@bbcqt, @BBCr4today, etc)Andrew MarrAndrew NeilJohn HumphriesThe Labour PartyMy country.#StopBrexit #Remain #Brexitshambles #FBPE #ABTV #WATON 
.@BBCr4today Why allow @LiamFox to claim this mythical ‘Brexit dividend’ unchallenged when government’s own economy watchdog @OBR_UK shows the country will be poorer with less to invest after Brexit? 
Whilst those in favour of Brexit condemn the European Court of Justice as a violation of UK sovereignty, the court at the WTO (whose membership they advocate) deliberates in secret. So far Trump has failed to nominate US judges to the WTO court. 
This morning's offering of Brexit propaganda served up by @BBCr4today - a discussion with Liam Fox about how we will spend the "EU dividend".  This is a fantasy!  There will be no dividend! We will be impoverished!  Where is the critical analysis? Where is the balance? 
Why are the @BBCNews just buying the line that there will be a Brexit dividend? When there won’t 
How can there be an interview on @BBCr4today with Liam Fox about ‘how to spend *the* Brexit dividend’ without it being put to him that far from a dividend, #Brexit means lower growth & thus public spending? 
Waking to Liam Fox on #r4today telling me NHS spending is fine and will be even more fine once we get the 'Brexit dividend'. Probably. No challenge to either assumption. What's the bloody point?  
Sign of the times: Trump erects new trade barriers as pacific rim nations agree their TPP without the US: implications for Brexit? 
Collapsed Pound because Brexit?Before the Referendum a pound bought 1.43 US dollars.Today it buys 1.40 US dollarsThat's a 2% difference. 1 in 50.Just saying 
We detest #Brexit & the prejudices behind it, however the sheer lack of any preparation for it by this inept, shambolic, clusterfuck of a government is just mind boggling. Customs & Medical supplies are the  two most critical issues facing us & they have done absolutely nothing. 
Dan is sad & puzzled that people, whose RIGHTS are being forcibly removed from them, are desolate.This lack of understanding combined with a lack of appropriate empathy is a deviation from the normal human condition.The pathology of Brexit? 
I can't wait to win this referendum for PR. Saddle up, buckaroos.  
One by one in the debate, #bclib18 candidates slam the #GreeNDP electoral reform referendum and express loyalty to first past the post. But... their own leadership election isn't first past the post. #bcpoli 
.@Mike_de_Jong "I reject the hypothetical."Will work as a party under whoever is the leader to defeat referendum."This is the worst form of political manipulation."#BClib18 #BCpoli 
Your Brexit is making people physically ill with stress and worry.This is not what you sold the British people.You said that it would be easy and gradual, with very little change.This is making people sick with stress.This is your fault. 
This is without doubt the worst government in British history. Other governments made mistakes, but this is the only one that is wilfully setting out to make life worse for its people and the nation poorer and diminished. Intentionally. As a biblical sacrifice on a brexit altar. 
Facts and realities: Brexit doesn’t add up. Here’s why the single market is hard to pick apart.   
I talked to a data scientist today, who tells me Brexit would probably mean UK loses the ability to move/store data transnationally, at least until all the treaties on this subject (currently under EU umbrella) are replaced.This could be as disruptive as the aircraft issue. 
We're excited! Referendum passes by 71% Yes vote! Thx Lawrence residents! We appreciate your investment in your schools and your support of Lawrence students and staff.#betterbuildings4learning #ltps #LawrencePride 
So refreshing finally to have a political voice breaking through, one which's at last clearly calling out the #Brexit BS. I only hope it acts as an inspiration to others in Parl to stand up & be counted..the Ppl must be given a Binding #FinalSay to Confirm #Brexit or #StopBrexit 
NEW: Council votes 30-6 to approve @MayorMeganBarry's transit referendum proposal on a second of three votes. Needs one more vote next month for it to be added to the May 1 ballot. 
The BC Referendum on proportional referendum: a modern day story of David and Goliath. On one side political insiders and the millions in the  BC Liberal coffers. On the other concerned BC citizens who know a better voting system and hence democracy is possible. #bcpoli #pr4bc 
I am utterly devastated to read thisAs a British citizen, #Brexit offends everything I believe inI want more than anything to #StopBrexit and end the madness that is damaging our economy, society, culture and relationship with Europe and causing untold suffering to EU citizens 
It is a mistake to think that #Brexit won't drive a stake through the heart of our relationship with #Europe.Anyone who dismisses the damage and pain that is being caused to #EU and UK citizens is in denial.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Many people know this.Just as #TrumpTaxScam gives the rich a cut forever while the poor have a sunset.#Brexit is a tax /financial scrutiny avoidance  ploy packaged   in #nativism and #xenophobia in order to sell it to the "masses".A huge  scam and The People are paying.Again. 
Why UK firms are losing patience with the ideological fantasies of Brexiters.Brexit is putting jobs at risk. Companies need to speak out to help #StopBrexit. #FBPE #WATON 
The uk press is an absolute disgrace. It is not least thanks to them and their fabrications that we now face the abyss named Brexit. Now we see more fake news in a constant stream regarding Scotland.  
It’ll be cheaper than Brexit.  That’s for sure.  
“Brexit – which he opposes – has focused his mind. “It’s gonna be very damaging,” he says. “Unfortunately a lot of people are gonna lose jobs, be discouraged, everything becomes dearer”.Charlie Mullins owner of @PimlicoPlumbers.#StopBrexit 
Young people are the key to the future, in the meantime we are in danger of wrecking their world, destroying their freedoms in the EU, and leaving them to pick up the pieces in a narrow-minded, inward looking, bankrupt, friendless, Brexit Island. Selfish or what?  
What Brexit is all about - getting out before EU’s impending crack down on offshore tax avoidance. As Rees Mogg let slip today (see my preceding tweet). The rest - sovereignty, ‘our own laws’, border control etc - is a smokescreen. Greatest con in history  
Why is it that not a single British politician has been sacked or disciplined for undermining #Brexit  ? How come if anyone doubt's some idiotic liberal idea like gender  fluidity he or she is immediately turned into a hate figure but  subverting the result of a Referendum is ok? 
EU barred from striking favourable Brexit deal on City.Brexiters don’t seem to have any idea what they are doing. We need to #StopBrexit. #FBPE. #WATON. 
Rees-Mogg letting slip what Brexit is all about for those who’ve instigated it - the rich being able to avoid imposition of EU tax changes, due to be introduced in mid-2019. Stinks to high heaven  
We get EU Withdrawal Bill in Lords next week. Context might be #Brexit but content is really about the constitutional & legal integrity of this country: parliamentary ‘control’ v exec power grab, threat to devol settlements & GFA, rule of law, safeguarding of rights. Big stuff. 
Just got an email from a German school teacher to ask me if her pupils could send me some questions about this ... Still makes me sad that this even exists, but learning about impact of Brexit is important.  
Hey Boris - our best bet to get £100m for the NHS is to cancel Brexit.Let’s #StopBrexit and fund the NHS instead. #FBPE #WATON 
Anna Soubry BLASTS May: People Are FED UP Of Brexit & It Will Bring Down Government! Yet Her Constituents voted a Leave Majority! Time toDeselect her!  via @kippercentral 
This government response to a petition refers to the "the instruction of the British people". This is a lie, and not just a normal political lie. It's a lie about the legal status of the most important political decision since WW2 #LeaveLies #Brexit #StopBrexit #FBPE 
What I want after Brexit:> Fortress Britain with closed borders> To be able to vote directly for my own PM & government & get rid of them as and when our people wish> Be a part of the wider world again> To make decisions that benefit Britain, not 27 other countries & the EU 
Who, in their right mind, wants to devastate the British economy & the lives of 65 million people, because of the outcome of a non binding advisory referendum, & call it "the will of the people"? Who but May, Corbyn, Johnson, Gove, Davis, Fox & Farage? Brexit, for the few. 
'Brexit BOOM will make rejoining EU look ABSURD' Rees-Mogg LAUGHS OFF Brexit U-turn risk  
Jeremy Hunt has admitted that British patients may find it difficult to get EU cancer drugs if Brexit talks break down.Yet more proof that when 17.5 million people make a bad decision, it creates a chain of dangerous consequences. 
We shouldn't be discussing whether Murdoch can take control of Sky. We should be working on liberating Britain from his toxic influence. Britain needs independence from Murdoch!#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit  
#FBPE brigade, happy to attack not-in-Govt Labour for 'not stopping Brexit' (how?). Ever heard them praise not-in-Govt Labour for pledging rights to 3mill EU citizens living in UK? Nah. Funny that  
There should be no respect for politicians who treat a narrow referendum vote based on such one-sided ignorance regarding the main issues as a kind of divine mandate for #Brexit#StopBrexit #FBPE 
So, predictably - the number of top EU academics I know who are leaving the UK due to #Brexit is no longer a handful. It's becoming a tidal wave.And no, we can't just replace them, these are world experts.It's not just sad, it's sickening.#FBPE 
Mogg for PM! Caller joins Farage in urging Jacob Rees-Mogg to deliver Brexit for Britain  
I would really love to know. I've asked before. Any Brexit-related news and @BBC immediately takes us to Farage for an airing of his anti-EU rants. Why? Who at the BBC is responsible for this? No other unelected MP gets this much airtime. 
So sad. This is what Brexit is doing to people who have made their lives in Britain. Is this the kind of country we want to be? #StopBrexit. #FBPE.  
Spreading misinformation is poor @BBC online & News at Ten - "But there was a consensus in Cabinet that when payments to the EU stop, that money should be spent on priorities like the NHS"HM Treasury say any Brexit means less money for public spending.  
100 Days to go...RT to ensure @LibDems Candidates are elected to continue fighting #Brexit.  
He said a few sentences in French! “I’m Scottish” “i’m sorry for the brexit, i love europe” haha 
Patients crying on trolleys can't wait til after #brexit for more money. Politicians wouldn't allow their families to be treated like this 
Unprincipled opportunist, Boris Johnson, is now posing as champion of the #NHS – what an odious, self-serving, untrustworthy narcissist he is! – ironic, as a year ago, John Major warned NHS is at risk from Brexit ‘pythons’ Boris Johnson & Gove #BBC1news 
They said it was project fear. That's what they said.Jeremy Hunt admits supply of EU cancer drugs to Britain could be disrupted if Brexit talks break down  
The Government refuses to guarantee the post-Brexit rights and futures of the 15% of UK Civil Servants who are EU27 nationals. Their own bloody employees!! 
"Down Syndrome Ireland believes that it is up to each individual to make their own decision about which way to vote in the upcoming referendum."  
There+Will+Be+Another+Referendum+-+And+It+Will+Spell+The+End+of+Theresa+May+as+PM!  via @pimlicoplumbers 
The people telling you Brexit can't be stopped, just don't want it to be.  
I’m sorry. I’m British in Brabant; my job is fine for now, but campaigning against Brexit and the constant shitty news about it means my stress levels are constantly elevated to the point that I’m getting help to deal with it. I won’t stop campaigning. 
.@TheDorchester I was literally just on your website, looking for a nice place to take a friend for an Afternoon Tea treat. Not anymore. And tweeps: Brexit is in this too...  Men Only: Inside the charity fundraiser where hostesses are put on show  
Brexit would kill our car industry.Let’s save our car jobs and stay in.  
If you're still here on May 3rd you might have a local election ...place your vote for a party who will give us a #FinalSay in 2018...there's now a majority in the country who will fight to reverse this travesty & give you your life back. #Brexit is not a done deal! Shame Parl. 
Excellent talk given by @ruviz in Oxford about #Brexit, the current situation of #citizensrights and in the future following the #EUWithdrawalBill.The issue of UK/EU27/EFTA citizens' rights is far from being sorted and the #SettledStatus with the Home Office is not an option. 
Dominic Grieve tells @Con_Soc that remorseless logic of Northern Ireland situation is that UK will have to stay in a customs union with the EU - which means Liam Fox has been wasting his time flying around the world ‘but I’m not very bothered about that’ #Brexit 
It's mad weird, though. All the English media pretend that Brexit is all top secret, hush hush. NOBODY KNOWS. And it's all up on the EU website the whole time. 
Theresa May faces Tory backlash over claim UK has already 'agreed' Brexit transition  
Spanish Toblerone versus British Toblerone.Just in case you were in any doubt how crap #Brexit was (or believed that the change in Toblerone shape was a global thing).  
@borisjohnson will be delighted by rebuke from Chancellor Philip Hammond over his call for Brexit cash to go to NHS. Tory MPs know whose on the populist side of the argument 
Coming up next in “Not seen on the side of a bus”:Jeremy Hunt has admitted that EU cancer drugs may not be available to British patients after Brexit, describing the risk as “uniquely damaging”.“But ... but ... it was just a simple cross in a box?!”.No, it flipping wasn’t! pic.twitter.com/oOuMDJVVcF 
had a heavy BREXIT dinner featurin a plate ae chips, beans n a roll n sausage. wouldny be surprised if a shat a union jack, a feel like if a farted hard enough it’d sound like ‘GO HOME WE’RE FULL ’ 
The Irish call Brexit “The Eton Mess” for a reason.My favourite tweet? “The more I hear from Johnstone and Rees-Mogg the more I think Eton should be in Special Measures” 
Two thirds of people believe #Brexit going badly, according to poll. #BrexitReality does not correspond to #Leave promises... 
Pound hits $1.40 for first time since Brexit vote  
.@CNN taking #LiamFox apart on $20 mil. ad touting UK expots.#CNN: “But that’s taxpayers’ money! I thought that you (#Brexiters) were confident about all this!”Fox: “We want to keep UK manufacturers on their toes.”#Brexit 
#Brexit really is utter madness but Parl still appears to be in thrall to a minority of the polulation whilst denying the majority a Rethink via a Binding #FinalSay in 2018 with a #StopBrexit option.#ConfirmTheWill don't Silence it! 
The fact that sterling has not recovered by nearly as much against the euro as it has against the dollar since the referendum suggests there are elements of dollar weakness and euro strength in sterling rates.  
New Catalan independence referendum on the table, say Danish MPs  
Dominic Grieve MP tells @Con_Soc event that as far as he can tell govt still doesn’t know what it wants from EU Withdrawal Bill because it still doesn’t know what it wants from #brexit 
EU red tape serves to shield crony-capitalist big business from competition, and keeps prices high:  #Brexit 
Sterling Climbs Above $1.40 to New Post-Brexit-Vote High  
Jaguar Land Rover is cutting its operations in the UK but hiring 3000 new employees in Austria because of concerns over Brexit.Yet another example of major companies pulling the plug on Britain due to Brexit. 
I hate this current group of politicians for what they have done to the country.This rift will divide us for years to come and leave a very deep scar.#FBPE #StopBrexit #brexit 
Looking at the EU-funded CBI’s record over the years, it seems to have got an enormous number of decisions wrong:  #Brexit 
Great. So now cancer patients may not get the drugs they need after Brexit.  
Civil servants will do their best to frustrate Brexit:  
Oh I agree. It was pretty lonely on Twitter for us Remainers 18 months ago. Not anymore. We won’t be stopping until Brexit is stopped.#WATON ##FBPE 
Rumbled! It's not going to work if you a) alienate the 70% of Labour voters who voted Remain; b) cannot implement a programme properly because of the economic effects of Brexit and; c) are unable to mitigate the effects of Brexit.We need a #FinalSayForAll 
About time...business has been sitting on the fence far too long. The Ppl need some honesty & hard hitting truth & those prepared to hear & see it need to make themselves heard...time is short & this autocratic imposition of a failing #Brexit needs reversing asap. #FinalSay 2018 
Que sera, sera, Hunt's Brexit complacency strikes fear into committee | John Crace  
Big challenge in this phase of Brexit debate - how to translate issues into English? When (i) many terms 'Norway' 'Canada' 'rule-taker' 'regulatory alignment' 'customs union' mean nothing to 75-90% of people; (ii) much coverage is talking heads disagreeing about most of them. 
If Brexit happens, I will remember the Tories pushed us over the cliff.But I will also remember Labour continuously greased the wheels.Lack of opposition is not a strategy that deserves rewarding. 
On Brexit, as on appeasement, the CBI gets the big decisions wrong. Just what is the point of it, asks Iain Duncan Smith  
Day 23 of #StopBrexit2018.Let's organise a nation-wide #FBPE demonstation for a second referendum/cancellation of #Brexit? Maybe the #BBC will actually cover the #Remain stance if they see us on the streets. Even like 10 of people in each city simultaneoulsly would be a start. 
Dear @jeremycorbyn , you are on the same side as Britain First, Tommy Robinson, Nigel Farage, Donald Trump, Marine Le Pen, Geert Wilders, Greece’s Golden Dawn, Alternative Fur Deutschland, BNP, Boris Johnson, Liam Fox, Jacob Rees Mogg in supporting Brexit. Does that bother you? 
A pleasure to speak at today's Responsible Tax APPG. Brexit should lead to a renaissance in our politics, society, culture & industry. We must seize this chance to undertake a major shift in tax policy, so as to protect better the poor & shift more of the tax burden to the rich. 
Peter Bone's reply after being asked (another!) GLOOMY BBC Brexit question“You cannot argue that we give £14.5 Billion every year to European Union.If we are not giving that money to EU we can spend it here. That’s just plain common sense."#Brexit #EU 
Fund boss Gilbert: Brexit won't be as bad as feared'  
Shelvey:'Ammers fan so he gets it!!!!! – Proper Brexit English midfielder –  Simple name to pronounce –  'Ammers fan so he gets it!!!!! –  
“Let’s settle a deeply divisive constitutional issue that is tearing the governing party apart by holding a winner-takes-all binary referendum (‘pls pick the status quo or, er, something other than the status quo - we’ll figure out what later’)”... said no sensible country ever. 
NHS has 88,000 unfilled rolls to care for patients. What's the UKs  response? Vote #Brexit and make current EU professionals feel unwanted and alienate others from ever wanting to come and fill the vacancies. Well done #Leavers YOU personally have buggered the NHS for everyone. 
Peter Bone MP - "There is £14.5 billion we give to the EU, net. We send them the money, they spend it.“When we don’t send that money we can spend it on our own services here. Or we can cut taxes or we can reduce the deficit." #Brexit  
Big tough Boris demand money for NHS ice queen says noAfter Brexit maybe once thousands more have died Too little Too late 
Jeremy Hunt admits 'no deal' Brexit could mean cancer patients going without vital drugs. UKGOV is so unprepared that 'no deal' is quite likely.  
Argh. Can't even listen to 6 Music without a clip of Peter Bone saying, unchallenged, that Brexit will give us "£14 billion of free money" to spend on the NHS.BBC News is totally *fucked*. 
If you think you voted for #Brexit to stick it to the man, you are sadly mistaken. Instead you are sticking to the working man; the single mum; the poor and the vulnerable. All the while you are lining the pockets of selfish toffs and billionaires.#FBPE#StopBrexit#WATON 
BREXITThe Immediate Economic Impact Of Leaving The EU published by the Treasury in May 2016. Lest we forget...  
Unless large sections of the British population have miraculously discovered a way to survive without eating, I suspect Brexit is a handy excuse for the fact people are simply taking their custom elsewhere.  
Author and political analyst @lizcastro says many Catalonia voters are pro-sovereignty and want a binding referendum but don't position themselves as yes or no voters  
MP (missed name) has just said Boris Johnson has just Brexited himself from Cabinet responsibility. Brexit is bad for the Government, and it's bad for the country.#FBPE #WATON 
This afternoon MSPs debated the UK's Brexit legislation, the 'EU Withdrawal Bill'. It's incompatible with devolution, and fails to safeguard our freedoms or our place in the single market. Here's my speech:  
'That's not what people voted for!' Jacob Rees-Mogg tears into Remainers' soft-Brexit bid . Rees-Mogg has now positioned himself against British Industry. His personal wealth comes before the country. Shameful.#FBPE 
Hey #Boris, best bet to get £100m for #NHS is to cancel #Brexit :(via @InFactsOrg) 
Something new every day.#Brexit#NHS 
Some of you folk must be employers looking for staff?Job needed for remain campaigner who was made redundant today due to Brexit. Bolton area. Obviously has analytic ability, tenacity and a strategic outlook.  
Clearly, we now have 3 ideological camps in Nigeria.1. Those who still align with either APC or PDP. 2. Those who align with a 'third force'/ movement/coalition at the ballot box.3. Those who want a sovereign referendum/conversation outside party politics.Choose your side. 
Donald Tusk has called on Britain to reverse the decision to leave the EU with a second referendum or a House of Commons vote on the final Brexit deal  
Theresa May slaps down Boris Johnson YET allow Hammond to continually undermine Brexit. She is useless.  
No money for nurses or the NHS. But a magic money tree for Carillion, Virgin/Stagecoach, the DUP, Brexit… You’re ‘aving a larf, Mrs May 
French referendum LOOMING: Macron under pressure to hold vote as rivals attack president   
An independence referendum in 2019 or 2020 is looking increasingly likely -  #ScotRef 
BBC News - Government announces anti-fake news unit  Maybe start by looking at David Davis and the non-existent Brexit impact assessments?  RIP irony. 
Why is no one talking about the #Brexit threat to LGBT rights? asks @JonathanCoopr Removal of EU protections is a potential danger. READ  @brianpaddick @RhonddaBryant @angelaeagle @MollyMEP @GreenJeanMEP @LizBarkerLords @mcashmanCBE @maryhoneyball 
France are already recruiting extra customs officers for the UK border.The UK says it prefers an 'innovative technological solution'.Will this be produced by the same folk who worked on the Brexit impact studies? Just asking. 
The mirror just reported this. Embarrassing to say that the people in the UK are still trying to slow down a #Brexit #deal! 
So @BorisJohnson believes he has secured agreement from the PM and the cabinet that there will be a substantial "Brexit dividend" for the NHS after we actually leave the EU, say his people. How many of the 52% need to see that signed in blood? 
What Johnson wanted was the juxtaposition of the words Boris, NHS, £100 million and "Brexit dividend" on all channels. He got it. 
BREAKING: 'Jeremy Hunt has admitted that EU cancer drugs may not be available to British patients after Brexit, describing the risk as “uniquely damaging”.' #NHS  
Which country is missing from Bloomberg's 2018 Index of 16 most innovative nations in world. Clue. Something to do with Brexit  
Beatles, Kinks, Nottingham Forest, Notts & England cricket. I despise Corbyn & his Momentum scum. Adults only #Brexit #Farage #Trump #RightWing  
In Madrid for talks w/ ES government VP @Sorayapp MFA @AlfonsoDastisQ Full convergence on where EU27 interests lie. Important for me to meet also w/ Comisión Mixta UE @Senadoesp @Congreso_Es, trade unions@UGT_Comunica @CCOO & business representatives.#Brexit #transparency 
I do like a bit of humour, how about explaining the Jaguar jobs and production relocation news today?We've not left yet but Brexit unravels just a bit more every time you tweet. #FBPE #FollowBackProEU 
So the ICO lead has told MPs that microtargeting of voters in the U.K. is a mess without proper oversight, while also signalling the investigation into Brexit will likely be a damp squib with some policy suggestions to come out of it.Way to deal with hybrid warfare, Britain. 
Jeremy Hunt admits EU cancer drugs may not be available in the UK after Brexit  
Richard Littlejohn has a rush of Faragiste blood to the head in today’s Mail column. But like many Brexit enthusiasts he doesn’t actually live in Britain much. He prefers Florida  
Political leadership in the UK is either indecisive or lacks vision or out of date or incapable of governing,in Conservative & Labour parties;Brexit has effectively stopped govt dealing with the problems that concern people eg NHS,industrial productivity,improving education 
MOGG'S ARMY: 100 MPs to DEMAND end to free movement on day of Brexit  
Friends! Awful!After causing Our £ to fall against the $, resulting in 3% inflation, Brexit has now caused it to rise again, which will make Our Exports less competitive!And yet Brexiters just laugh and say "you Remoaners blame Brexit for everything!"Talk about Hate Speech!  
The government will protect you from 'fake news.' Like all those nasty headlines about the PM's disastrous Brexit negotiations? FAKE!!!!!!!!  
Here we go again. It’s like not publishing the Impact Assessments all over again.Government can’t decide, impact will be negative, negotiation position unclear… so leave everyone in the dark instead.#Brexit: being negotiated by idiots, UK side.  
Jeremy Hunt tells @CommonsHealth Home Office “very sympathetic” to the NHS & Social Care’s need for migrant labour in wake of #Brexit vote. Sounds like Govt’s net immigration target’s on the way out. 
Two Brexit stories leading the news: one fiction, the other fact  
DG Tony Hall needs to come clean. BBC pro Brexit bias is embarrassing as is the number of times Farage appears. Pervading everything at the BBC is the assumption that Brexit is inevitable. It is not. The majority of people want to remain. @BBCr4today @mrjamesob @acgrayling 
Reminder: The Director of the Vote Leave campaign Dominic Cummings said that had they not put that big lie on the side of their bus promising £350m extra per week for the NHS, they wouldn't have won the referendum. Now they're admitting it won't happen. pic.twitter.com/ANTegkDHP2 
There Will Be Another Referendum - And It Will Spell The End of Theresa May as PM!  
'Cos efficiency savings' was how we were going to eliminate the deficit without damaging public services. 'Cos technology' is how we're going to do Brexit without damaging the economy.  
"There is no 'jobs first Brexit' that doesn't involve remaining in the single market," writes @wesstreeting 
Things that are important: The NHS crisis Carillion collapse UK's weak economyThings that are not important: Blue passports Brexit stamps Big Ben 'Bongs' 
Read my comments on the Scottish cross party litigation on #Article50 & the UK Govt’s refusal to admit their notice to leave the #EU could be unilaterally revoked. What else are they hiding? #Brexit #FBPE 
"Bored of Brexit" isn't a valid reason to support something which will be hugely damaging to our country. If we don't #StopBrexit now the consequences will last for generations... If you are "Bored" by #Brexit the best thing to do is end the whole farce now and #Remain in the #EU 
"The status quo is not what people voted for" #JacobReesMogg on the #customsunion "Remember the #CBI received nearly £1m from the #EU from 2009-2015, it is not an independent body”  #BBC #SKY @SkyNews @BBC @LBC #LBC #ITV @ConHome #UK #EU #BREXIT @CCHQPress 
The suggestion that we’ll be better off after Brexit, and that there’ll be more money to give to the NHS, is disgracefully dishonest. I truly despise only a few people in life, and Johnson is one of them.  
The financial sector should be pushing the Govt to share both sector impact reports & their post #Brexit plans; as well as the need for a common sense people’s vote on all options by Oct 2018.  
The NHS needs funding & staff NOW, not “after Brexit” This was entirely predictable. All in Cabinet meeting who did not raise their voice for the NHS are complicit in perpetuating the disaster that voters are facing across the country as they try & access NHS care.  
The CBI's Brexit plan would muzzle the British lion, not let it roar, says @asabenn 
The outcome of the EU referendum is unfairly blamed on the Northern working class. However, most people who voted Leave live in the south of England. Leave voters were, 59% A, B, or C1 and just 24% DE.  Middle-Class voters constituted 2/3 of all those who voted. 
A hard Brexit or no-deal Brexit will see ordinary people hardest hit.  Our failing domestic policies will fail even further  
#BREXIT CRISIS SOLVED BY EU!  EU has found replacement for UK: Moldova.  390 more countries like Moldova and the EU will have replaced the UK's economic power.  See thread below.  
Tánaiste @SimonCoveney engaging with North-South Joint Committee of @_IHREC and @NIHRC this afternoon. Focus is human right and equality impacts of Brexit.  
This is seriously important to ask, because anti-abortion campaigns aren't going to come at you directly, they'll want to distract you. So I wonder if this UK data firm will be pushing transphobic scaremongering through social media in the lead up to the referendum? 
PSA of France is cutting jobs at its Vauxhall, Ellesmere Port, plant by a third, or 650 jobs. Now, it may go further because of #Brexit .It says a hard Brexit which results in tariffs on exports of UK-built vehicles would increase pressure to cut costs. 
What money is that Laura? We’re committed to at least £40b plus money to have access to important EU programmes. There is no #Brexit dividend. 
Hearing there was support for Johnson's NHS plea at Cabinet this morning from some quarters, as well as the telling off from others - importantly principle was agreed that money that won't go on EU payments after Brexit should be spent, at least in part, on the NHS 
We backed a new shape for the European Parliament following #Brexit: More representative and paving way for trans-national lists 
Hunt in front of MPs now - chair @sarahwollaston says the Health Sec will be asked some 'other questions' after session on impact of Brexit on health.... I wonder what that could be?! 
So I think everyone working to #repealthe8th and everyone involved in the abortion rights campaign here in Ireland, need to keep asking:1. Who's paying for this?2. Why now, when we're about to have a referendum on the 8th?3. Is division/derailment the goal?#TERFsOut 
How much more are Tory MP's like @Anna_Soubry going to take before they do something decisive about May's Govt?Not just #Brexit, it's NHS/Social Care funding, it's #Nazanin, It's #Carillion, it's East Coast Main Line, the list goes on!It's incompetance & it's embarrasing for UK 
I just can't get my head around it, why now? Why, when Ireland is about to have a referendum on the 8th, did they decide to try and come here and stoke hatred against trans people? Unless...Are they deliberately trying to disrupt and derail Irish feminist activism? 
.@theresa_may has:-Wasted timeOffered taxpayers cash for nothingHamstrung UK's ability to do trade dealsWill make the UK a vassal stateWill accept EU rules during transitionBetrayed the Brexit vote@Conservatives Get rid. 
"Trade deals are a distraction" says @Jacob_Rees_Mogg, which may be news to @LiamFox. Rees-Mogg's Brexit plan is to drop ALL tariffs & non-tariff barriers, then politely ask the likes of China & 'America First' Trump to do the same.The sheer stupidity. 
CBI loses credibility every time it tries to be an authoritative voice on Brexit  
Asa Bennett: Boris Johnson knows what the public want out of Brexit. Mock him, Remainers, at your peril  
Germany will go at least 170 days without a government as Merkel clings to power.A coalition with the SPD will only be worse for Germany. Their post reunification liberalism is leading to disaster.Thank god 4 #Brexit where we can distance ourselves from them.  
Now, I want to put this in the context of something else of note, an un-named anti-abortion group in Ireland has hired a Brexit-linked group to handle digital operations.  
UK has already 'agreed in principle' to Norway-style Brexit transitionWhat's the point..#Brexit=Brexit..NoWay Norway = Pay & Obey No SayMight as well STAY in the EU with all the Benefits & Rights!FGS just #STOPBREXIT while we can!#ConfirmTheWill #FBPE 
Ronald Reagan making the case for Brexit in 1964!  
.@patel4witham: If we listen to the CBI and stay in the customs union - we will remain inside the EU. Watch Priti Patel stand up for Brexit Britain!  
Foreign Minister @AlfonsoDastisQ and State Secretary of European Affairs @JorgeToledoAlb met today with the EU's #Brexit negotiator @MichelBarnier, conveying Spain's support for his work and reviewing the progress of the ongoing negotiations. 
I was surprised to learn that Brexit represents Northern working-class pushback is horseshit. Leave won Brexit with Southern, pensioned, home owning, retirees. Secure people who aren't considering the effect that Brexit will have on those less fortunate than them. 
Brussels is behind the scenes plotting to make sure we get a bad #Brexit deal   
Very interesting thread, and I suspect some of these lessons would apply to Brexit too.  
Yet another #brexitreality problem we weren’t told about at time of #Referendum : 
MPs reject petition call to quit EU now.Paul Scully opened the debate in Westminster Hall, an annexe to the main Commons chamber, by telling MPs: "I can understand why people feel this way." No just 137,731 just like only 26.5% of the ppl voted 4 #Brexit 
Truly bizarre. Rather than dealing with *this winter's* NHS crisis (driven by *current* underfunding) Cabinet is arguing about how to "spend" a probably non-existent "Brexit dividend" in 2020-something  
Trade deals are 'a distraction' from real benefits of Brexit - Jacob Rees-Mogg  
I agree SM & CU secures a strong UK economy to < NHS funding. PM wld win x party support if both were back on #Brexit negotiating table  
If BoJo did actually care about the NHS, he could have made his job as Foreign Sec conditional on an NHS funding boost. He didn't. ... he plain didn't care until public saw Brexit was damaging the NHS - now he's panicking and reviving his old bs again. 
Off goes another EU agency and 100s of jobs as a result of Brexit. Medicines,  banking and now satellites all leaving. We were told that was all “project fear” by the Brexiteers! #Galileo 
They'll totally use that 'Brexit dividend' for the NHS, in that the revenue lost to the Treasury will further suck the life from the health service 
Anna SOUBARY just tweeted the PRIMEMINISTE should sack Boris Jonson before he stabs her in the back and brings her down now there's a trustworthy character to be taking some advice from has gone against everything Theresa May has done to get Brexit through what a clown she is 
LEAVER: I'm gonna take away your rights, destroy your future, call you a traitor, ignore your concerns, ridicule your experts, drown you in lies, bully you, threaten you, and usurp your country. But when Brexit fails, it's gonna be YOUR fault for failing to support it.#FBPE 
Seven Scottish politicians are trying to determine if #Brexit can be cancelled - and the UK government wants to stop them. 
Actual people's actual lives are already being ruined by Brexit. I refuse to believe anyone voted for that.  
Pound tops $1.40 for the first time since Brexit vote  
@wrmead speaks with much wisdom about immigration. It didn't just shut down US govt, but largely caused Brexit & paralyzed German politics. One reason is vast gulf between elite (bipartisan!) opinion & popular opinion.   
There is no 'long game'Mr Corbyn @jeremycorbyn wants Brexit.Mr Corbyn will pick over the roadkill ruins of our countryFor what?Corbyn or No BrexitYou can't have both 
Fascists always accuse their opponents of their own crimes and misdeeds. This was the real 'Project Fear' ruthlessly and cynically implemented by right-wing politicians and the tax-dodging billionaire owned #Brexit press.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Myself and my colleagues at work, were taken into a boardroom, just after ten a.m. this morning.We're being made redundant - the entire UK operation. The CEO cited Brexit as a factor.I now have to find alternate employment before March 31st.I hope May and Corbyn are happy. 
Jacob Rees Mogg said in 2011, 'We could have two referendums. As it happens, it might make more sense to have the second referendum after the renegotiation is complete.' Never thought I'd even come close to agreeing with anything he has ever said! 
The CBI says it is vital for UK business that we remain in the Customs Union. UKGOV has no answer except “don’t listen to them!” Customs Union would also smooth over the situation in N. Ireland but once again Brexit leaders are ignoring that whole issue. 
UK shelves financial services Brexit position paper In 2015/16 banking sector contributed £24.4bn in taxesHow will we replace that? What’s the plan? The government has no idea about how to protect our most significant sector from the #Brexit hurricane 
A spokesman for Theresa May says she told her Cabinet money saved by leaving the EU will be spent on the Government's priorities which include the health service after Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson said an extra £5bn a year should be spent on the NHS after Brexit 
PM can’t help herself. There’ll be no money saved by Brexit - zero, zilch. It will *cost* us in lost revenue & growth. But because her Foreign Sec says there will be (and thereby threatens her job) she briefs the money saved will be spent on NHS.It’s a government of deceit. 
The European Union Act 2011 makes an Act of Parliament and a referendum obligatory for any variation of EU treaties to be ratified by the UK. Meant to provide a lock on the gate to further EU integration, it now bites back: no leaving EU without another referendum! 
Plan? There is no plan. Just Brexit at all costs.The Government is leading us blindly into something that they neither understand or have an agreed policy on. An appalling dereliction of duty. 
Brexit has made it harder, not easier, to increase NHS spending (OBR forecast hit of £15.2bn - or nearly £300m a week - to public finances). 
There's absolutely no need for a Scottish brexit bill...  Sturgeon knows this but wants to stick her oar in and disrupt the process as much as she can...    no more no less..... 
WATCH | @Jacob_Rees_Mogg: "The CBI received nearly £1m from the EU between 2009-2015. - it is not an independent body. It is backing inefficiency, a lack of competitiveness and wants to remain in the EU. It campained for the Euro, the ERM and against Brexit."  
Whatever Boris says, when a Conservative tells you that the NHS is as safe as a pet hamster with a hungry python with his fellow Conservatives - believe it. #Brexit con.  
Rees Mogg joins the pro Brexit Tory on #bbcdp. The programme is as balanced as a drunk on a unicycle. 
Former Chancellor Lord Lawson warns that civil servants will "do their best to frustrate" Brexit  
Boris Johnson more than anyone else has insured there will be less money for the NHS. Diminished tax revenues due to the Brexit he enabled means the NHS will be in permanent crisis... I hate this man so much. #NHSCrisis #LiarBoris #Brexshit 
The Army Chief of Staff has identified Russia as the main security threat. #Brexit & the torrent of Brexit lies are helping Russia weaken the EU and undermine democracy in Britain.The Tory government and the right wing press are helping Britain's enemy.#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit 
‘Labour accuse Tory David Davis of offering 'privileged access' to Tory donors’Behind closed doors the Tories’ hedge-fund cronies are preparing to #TakeBackControl#Brexit was always an elite project and not for British citizens #StopBrexit 
Significant admissions in this piece on Brexit harm, including: "Leaving the EU, the Single Market and the Customs Union, will come with costs. Arguably, the public heard that message during the referendum campaign and voted to Leave nonetheless."  
Explaining why he resigned as chair of social mobility commission, Alan Milburn says it was 'obvious' Brexit had got in the way of social mobility work in government. But he warns social mobility is a 'crunch issue for our country, there is a social crisis in our country'.  
Ian Duncan Smith in the @Telegraph today comparing the leading British business body - the CBI - worried about the impact of #brexit to appeasers of Nazism in the 1930s. Britain is on a road to a very dark place if this sort of stuff goes unchallenged. Many thanks to @diodiaspora  
Jacob Rees-Mogg MP: We have had a referendum and we then had a general election where both main parties backed the referendum result - unelected peers should not use the strategy of a second referendum to obstruct Brexit 
3 years ago the concept of ignoring a democratic result of an Election or Referendum would have been deemed unfathomable and fascistic in nature.Yet some Remain supporters openly behave in this manner on a daily basis with media + political establishment not battering an eyelid! 
Horizon 2020 fund is £70billion in EU grants aimed at cutting-edge science. In 2016 the UK took 16% of that funding. In 2017 the UK's share dropped to 13%. We are already missing out because of #Brexit and we urgently need clarity on the UK's future in Horizon 2020:  
Boris Johnson calls for more money for the NHS after Brexit and, in 2016, stood on a platform which said ‘let’s give our NHS the £350m the EU takes every week’.However, a reminder that Johnson voted *against* a motion in Parliament to give our NHS £350m a week after Brexit.  
Glad to see that @Nigel_Farage is backing his original claim about how a narrow vote either way in the EU referendum would leave unfinished business.  The British people must be given a vote on the final deal #ExitFromBrexit #FBPE 
We need a fearless leader to deliver Brexit - Nigel Farage.   
Today in the Chamber MSPs will debate a @SP_FinCon report which said the committee would not recommend consent to the EU Withdrawal Bill in its current form. Brush up on how legislative consent works with our video below. #Brexit  
The second way government is deceiving us about the Brexit negotiations: Telling us that we can get the economic benefits of the EU without being members of the Single Market. @Independent Read more here:  
With all due respect .@Anna_Soubry - and whilst I think your Brexit stance has been brave - you have said that govt “is doing all it can to help the NHS” - it is *not.*And Conservative MP’s abstained* in the vote to provide urgent funding.  
IDS: "On Brexit, as on appeasement, the CBI gets the big decisions wrong. Just what is the point of it?"  
There is only one group that will unarguably benefit from Brexit - the 1%. De-regulation, British resources being sold cheap , lower wages all will result. All benefit the international super-rich and very few else. 
PETA and 40 other animal charities sign Brexit animal-protection manifesto.  
Last week to apply for my job: Senior Policy Adviser @royalsociety  a fascinating role on all things research policy, Brexit and global researcher mobility #scipol 
Tory MP points out that every lawyer giving evidence to select or public bill committees since Article 50 was served has been negative about Brexit. Funnily enough he thinks this is an issue with lawyers rather than Brexit  
It was five years ago today that David Cameron made his historic Bloomberg speech in which he made the commitment to hold a referendum on the UK's membership of the European Union after negotiating a “new settlement” with Brussels  
.@AdamBoultonSKY BBC News is 'undermining democracy' their political presenters are basically campaigning for Hard Brexit. 
MUST-WATCH: Boris Johnson & Michael Gove cynically used the NHS in the referendum campaign and now that their promise to increase NHS funding by £350m p/w has been revealed as a lie, they are panicking.Please RT so everybody knows the real facts:  
Why was this not on the "News"?THE UK Government has strongly resisted a court case from a cross-party group of seven Scottish politicians to determine whether Brexit can be stopped if the UK decides to discontinue the Article 50 process. 
The Brexit Broadcasting Corporation - corrupt or just plain incompetent? The bias against Brexit opposition has to be stopped and Farage sidelined. A BBC whistleblower is required because there are very strange 'goings on' at the Beeb. @mrjamesob @campbellclaret @Andrew_Adonis 
Michel Barnier 'delighted' ARCH-REMAINERS helping EU undermine Brexit Britain  
Since my first car with a radio 35 yrs ago, I've listened to @BBCr4today on my journey to work. Now it's become the propaganda channel with @JohnHumphrysr4 as chief propagandist for Brexit and climate change deniers, I switched off today when Farage came on. 
Expert: If Rajan goes, China slows down, Brexit happens: Rupee will TUMBLE, India will be severely BRUISED, Sensex will CRASH.Well, Rajan went. China slowed down. Brexit happened.And yet, Rupee on a 2.5 year HIGH, India is the FASTEST growing economy, Sensex ZOOMS to 36,000.  
MPs oppose EU demands for Britain’s borders to remain open to migrantsIpsos-MORI survey:74% Tory MPs find Free Movement “unacceptable” after Britain Leaves EU.63% Tory MPs opposed to EU Courts ruling over UK after March 2019.#Brexit #EU 
If there is a second referendum and Brexit is reversed by a large majority, there should be no triumphalism. An intelligent government would then start addressing the issues that have caused the divisions in the countryand initiate measures that can heal the grievances. 
The UK cannot 'win' in Brexit negotiations - here's what Theresa May should do, according to @YanisVaroufakis. 
If we want to stay, we can never leave - on Brexit Britain, EU citizens and Hotel California, by me:  
This time tomorrow we’ll be questioning @DavidDavisMP, tune in from 9.15  #Brexit #DExEU 
The absolute brass neck of this man. Tries to drive us off the #brexit cliff edge, meaning thousands of EU nurses leave and our economy take a hit. Then poses as the saviour of NHS. Political posturing of the very worst kind.   
I pledge never to vote for Brexit. Get your act together Labour and give us an alternative. Brexit is too damaging. It’ll destroy Labour and the UK.  
Lord Lawson made waves by telling @nicholaswatt last night that some civil servants are trying to block Brexit. Although most of Whitehall are trying to get on with things, former perm secs such as Simon Fraser do little to undermine Lawson's accusation  
We need a fearless leader to deliver Brexit - Nigel Farage  via @MailOnline 
Providing gaiety and representation to the nation for 25 years. Oh yes, and forcing the elite to allow the people a say on their future in the EU referendum despite the contempt of the elite  
Theresa May needs to ‘impose BRITISH MILITARY’ to get best Brexit deal, says William Hague . Senior Tories have lost the plot, is anyone intimidated by a Navy with few ships, an Airforce incapable of defending even the UK & a run down Army.#FBPE 
China pulls the plug on Brexit Britain. #FBPE #Remain #WATON 
Tell your #Brexit story: call for interviewees for @UKandEU study @unibirmingham. We want to find out how families with at least one EU27 partner are coping with Brexit (for more info: ) . Do get in touch. 
Excellent news from @EPInstitutional @EUparliament the proposal for #transnational lists to elect a part of MEP in #EU elections post Brexit has been approved! Transnational lists and parties to double up the democratic choice of the citizens and for a stronger EU democracy 
#EU ThievesEU fishing fleets to intercept breeding Mackerel & herring fish before they reach UK waters.“EU spent years lecturing everyone on environmental sustainability & now they’re advocating unsustainable fishing.EU looking childish here"#Brexit 
The BBC is letting the country down very badly over Brexit. There is deliberate censorship of anti-Brexit news, facts and opinion. This is shocking, given the great reputation and affection the BBC had justly earned - there should indeed be an enquiry into this.  
Delighted to attend @FUW_UAC 's eighteenth annual breakfast, meet some familiar faces and speak about my vision for the future of agriculture in Wales.  #Brexit once again a hot topic of discussion. #FarmingMatters 
And to think that David Cameron instigated the EU Referendum because he was worried about the emerging influence of UKIP. UKIP are nothing. They are just a bunch of extremists living on the margins of British politics. The media need to remember that. 
You have to ask yourself, why if the 'absolute boy' Mr Corbyn @jeremycorbyn is such a huge asset to @UKLabour, are the voting intentions so close? Why are Labour not miles ahead against the most hated government ever? Brexit maybe?  
Hilarious rewriting of history. It's Brexit that is killing UKIP - best way to make it "implode" was to hold a referendum and vote Leave. Had Cameron refused a referendum, UKIP would currently still be growing.  
A note of caution to all those who believe we will get much of a trade boost from USA if we Brexit. #StopBrexit #WATON #FBPE #TuesdayThoughts @UKLabour @Jezza4_PM @SkyFootball @NHSMillion @keepnhspublic #NHSLove 
"US slaps 'America First' tariffs on goods from its allies" - if you still think Trump will offer U.K. A great trade deal because we're #brexit British, then I'm sorry but you are simply an idiot.   
Even the worst critic of Brexit could never have predicted that now, over a year down the line, we'd be debating the Canada deal as if it was viable. 
.@BBCNews carries a heavy responsibility for #Brexit.It covered referendum as a fight between 2 wings of Tory party.Just one example.Corbyn said over and over that crisis in public services due to austerity and not immigrants. He and this vital message were basically ignored 
Great panel #wef18 live streamed Steve Schwarzman - 'nafta will come to a head this year. Implications there. Infrastructure likely the next imp policy out of the US & in europe, Brexit is the unknown' @MorningsMaria @FoxBusiness 
The EU-funded CBI are set to launch a fresh push to REVERSE Brexit. They have no respect for democracy! 
A bit rich for Boris Johnson to ride in as saviour of the. NHS when Brexit and his foolish promises have inflicted such damage on our health service 
Why is Boris telling the media he’s fighting for the NHS?1. Narcissist, wants limelight 2. He thinks if NHS gets more money, he’ll get credit; if not, he’ll avoid blame (same trick, July)3. Hopes May sacks him, so he can say Brexit would have been fab if he’d been in charge.  
UK pound climbs above $1.40 (levels traded in the run up to the 2016 referendum) as the Brexit mood improves 
Daily Telegraph really getting into spirit of new Entente Cordiale: “Macron speaks English at Versailles in lunge for post-Brexit business as rats plague the streets of Paris” 
In all honesty I wasn’t even a regular voter. Brexit has taught me that if I miss democratic opportunities the extremists take over. I’ll be voting against Brexit.  
Sterling slipped past $1.40 during night for first time since referendum. Currently around $1.396 
Time for government to come clean on Brexit beyond transition. So-called soft Brexit wld leave us with no control whatsoever over laws handed to us, giving away our right to veto.Hard Brexit=economic disaster.It’s not a done deal, UK can stay + renew EU  
On Brexit, as on appeasement, the CBI gets the big decisions wrong. Just what is the point of it?  via @Telegraph 
Thousands and thousands of jobs in Edinburgh depend on financial services. The industry rightly demands transparency from government on Brexit.  
Brexit has only divided Britain because a small minority of extreme EU nationalists won’t accept the result!Most moderate Remainers just want the government to get on with it.#FBPE #BREXIT #14Months2Go 
Boris' lies about how Brexit would deliver £350m a week for the health service have fatally damaged public trust. And the reality of Brexit so far has been a weakened health service with fewer resources and a Brexodus of nurses and doctors.  
When Hard Brexit finally happens every morning will begin with John Humphrys quoting Richard Littlejohn praise Nigel Farage on the Today programme on a loop 
Disgusting banner telling us to throw open Britain's borders to all and sundry whilst branding me a racist because I voted Brexit. Diane Abbott is the biggest racist I know. A case of the pot calling the kettle black?  
Remember what happened to the Lib Dems when they broke their manifesto promise on student fees? They still haven't recovered.So why should Corbyn break his manifesto promise on Brexit just to please a few "moderates" using #FBPE as a front to continue their anti-Corbyn agenda? 
... and on Brexit she has lost all initiative 
SPD membership surges ahead of grand coalition referendum. This is how Corbyn got elected. -  
"ROCKIN THE BREXIT" An entertaining #Brexit Facts4EU piece as part of our "USA Special" series. Read it here:  Not too many EU27 music artists appear in the world top 10. 
About to speak to a French conference on political risk 2018. Brexit, Trump, Russia, populism may figure  
Brexit chief David Davis has been accused of offering 'privileged access' to Tory donors. Official records show Brexit ministers have met rich Leave backers & donors. This is access to Ministers whose decisions on Brexit will affect the whole of the UK #BrexitShambles #StopBrexit 
‘Financial services white paper junked’ - because, of course, Brexit means Brexit! 
Yes Wigmore was literally the Belizean Trade envoy to UK while simultaneously working as @LeaveEUOfficial comms. Brexit campaign literally being coordinated by a Belizean who opposed EU trade tariffs  
We spoke to sources in Brussels, London and beyond to look at the potential problems emerging in Theresa May's Irish Brexit deal:  
IF YOU ASK A STUPID QUESTION...YOU GET A STUPID ANSWER. #BrexitLet's not let it define the future or our Great nation.If you love your country, then help save it from ruin.#StopBrexit #FBPE #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Johnson blustering for second day running on #NHS because he knows he’s been found out on those promises he made during EU Referendum  
Best way to get £100m/week for NHS, Boris, is to cancel Brexit. 
The Brexit issue with the Irish border might resurface sooner than Theresa May imagined  
Lawson is a flat earth climate denier with a visceral hatred of Europe. He cites his Margaret Thatcher cabinet membership like a badge of honour but she invented the Single Market and would hardly have approved of Brexit. 
More thoughtful analysis by Jim O’Neill, setting out why we must view Brexit in a global context.Global economic growth ‘will dwarf’ any harm from Brexit 
Whatever happened to the Brexit talks? @EUflagmafia @UKIPNFKN @Anti__UKIP @Andrew_Adonis @nickreeves9876 @mikegalsworthy @BrexitBin @dontbrexitfixit @JeanneBartram @Rachael_Swindon @BremainInSpain @spaceangel1964 @JoRichardsKent @acgrayling @BeamaBeorg 
"clearly expressed will of the people" again. FFS, there is no mandate at 52-48, this is a country deeply split, "will of the people" is a lie to suit the billionaires who want brexit and con the voters. 
Undemocratic officials will do everything to STOP BREXIT, Lord Lawson warns on Newsnight  
Boris to demand "Brexit cash dividend"Hey @borisjohnson, don't you remember you are Secretary of State in the current government? You are not in the opposition. You can't escape blame for your party mishandling of the NHS (and Brexit). 
Disgraceful slur. Civil servants are doing their best, period. The problem is Brexit: a slogan whose only ‘policy’ is the destruction of Britain’s trading system and international alliances.  
UK Government: “Brexit offers British businesses great opportunities!”British businesses: “No it doesn’t.”UK Government: “What would you know?” 
A new campaign to reverse Brexit is being privately pushed by business leaders. The CBI is attacking the Government but members want it to lobby for national rethink of Brexit. #BrexitShambles #StopBrexit #r4today 
Judge the government's policy not by what it says, but by what it does - or rather, fails to do.It is not preparing for Brexit.Repeat: the government is not preparing for Brexit.  
.@BorisJohnson demands £5bn for NHS from EU: Foreign secretary will today tell PM to secure £100million a week Brexit dividend for health service from next year  via @MailOnline 
Biafra: IPOB gives more reasons it's calling for referendum - Daily Post Nigeria  #IPOB continues classy peaceful stance as all of Nigeria now suffers lawlessness & mayhem under Buhari's govt. #DivideNigeria #SupportBiafraReferendum 
Merkel is a familiar, calm face in an increasingly chaotic world order that includes Brexit, Russian disinformation campaigns, and an “America first” foreign policy in Washington.  
Thriving in a Westminster obsessed with Brexit, battling to interview Jeremy Corbyn, and championing Sun readers as 'the backbone of the nation' - listen to my fascinating @mediamasters_fm interview with The Sun’s Political Editor here:  
In a second EU referendum, as suggested by Nigel Farage last week, how would you vote? (RT please)#Opinions #Polls #Youth #Remain #Leave #Politics #Brexit #StopBrexit #HaveYourSay #NigelFarage #EU #EUref2 #secondreferendum #EU27 #RT 
#CBI comes out against #Brexit. New trade deals can’t be worth more than current frictionless arrangements with EU.The fight back really is in play now.Let’s see the @Conservatives try and spin this. 
Two groups who rarely agree on anything, the TUC and the CBI both think Brexit is a bad idea. These groups are driven by practicality not ideology.If the government won't listen to the voters maybe they should listen to them 
UK pound climbs above $1.40 as Brexit mood improves  
So we now officially have no plan to save the UK's financial services sector after Brexit. If we leave the single market, it will die.#StopBrexit 
Some interesting details of the Brexit talksEU could pay EU citizens' application fees to stay in UK 
Also why is the UK even charging EU citizens for settled status anyway? The UK is these people’s home. They had no right to vote in referendum either. It stinks. 
One thing the Conservative and Labour parties share in 2018 is that their most senior Remainiacs simply cannot PERCEIVE of how their own voters could’ve taken a patriotic choice for Brexit.Those MPs have no reference point in patriotism that would allow them to understand it. 
Jaguar Land Rover to cut production at Halewood.UK’s biggest carmaker blames faltering sales on Brexit vote and Brexit uncertainty.Nobody voted for this. Time to think again and #StopBrexit. #FBPE. #WATON. 
Business leaders push for new campaign to reverse Brexit 
British Pound just briefly hit $1.40 for the first time since post-#Brexit vote.  
GBP/USD RISES ABOVE 1.40 FOR FIRST TIME SINCE POST-BREXIT VOTE 
In 2018, BC will vote in a referendum on #ProportionalRepresentation. Visit  before Feb. 28th to have your say! #PR #pr4bc #bcpoli 
Lord Lawson: Civil servants want to 'frustrate Brexit'.No, but they know they are being asked to deliver a national disaster.The majority of the public now want to Remain, polls show. It’s time to #StopBrexit.#FBPE. #WATON. 
Interesting that those who rushed to promote Lord O'Neill comments on supposed economic illiteracy of cabinet Brexiteers earlier this month have been slower to promote his admission that he had substantially over-estimated negative effects of Brexit/UK's ability to withstand it 
To the youngsters who moan about old people voting Brexit please note the age of these protestors.   I accept younger remainers are probably too busy working to protest, but please acknowledge some of us care about your future.  
In 2016, immigration gave us Brexit and Trump. Now it’s caused government shutdowns in DC and Berlin. It’s the most disruptive issue in the rich world, and it’s still getting hotter.  
Lord Lawson: Civil servants want to 'frustrate Brexit' - BBC News Yes Nigel Lawson. Blame someone else when your stupid, dangerous ideas end in tears for millions (although no doubt YOU will be just fine...). Shame on you. 
Century & a bit ago, UK was a Great Power. Some years before that it was THE Great Power.For last few decades UK has “punched above its weight” internationallyAfter Brexit, UK will be nowhere near international “top table”. It will be just one of a number of medium sized states 
Lots of stories about Paris and Frankfurt preparing for new business post Brexit.New offices, homes and extra school places supplied.Not one story about the UK. preparing for Brexit.Not one customs shed has been built. 
And it's the sheer shrieking irrelevance of WWII to the issue of a customs union - or anything to do with Brexit. Yes, WWII is a proud and important part of British history. But fetishising it like this is now a national embarrassment.We won - 73 years ago. Let's get over it. 
What a lot of fun Brexit must be for all those people who don’t actually have to live and work in the real world 
Two thirds of people believe Brexit going badly ahead of next round of talks, polls shows  
More thoughts on this. It's not just that IDS found his inner Basil Fawlty. It's the attack on his opponents' patriotism, instead of debate on the merits.It's the hypocrisy: what about the Mail, which supported Hitler and Brexit? What about the eugenics fans in his party?  
A bad decision is a bad decision.If the majority of people make a bad decision, it doesn't make a good decision.It is still damaging and divisive and will hurt the people who voted for it in the long run.The referendum was advisory only, so MPs are free to make a good decision 
Brexit is already savaging the UK auto industry. #Remain #Landy #FBPE 
Meaty article. I agree with most, but think a second referendum would be read as 'remain' by back door. Labour should fight and win an election on soft Brexit  
Some Labour people are peddling the "there's no alternative" line. That is a great way of really annoying people. Many are going to say to themselves- screw Corbyn, screw Labour; the arrogant, conceited, self-centred bastards are not getting my vote!#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit 
Lord Lawson says civil servants will "do their best to frustrate" the Brexit process because it represents radical change. Read more at  #newsnight 
.@jaguarlandrover announce cuts at Halewood plant following sharp fall in UK #Automotive demand in 2017. #Brexit uncertainty given as main reason along with #Diesel issues. #Jobs? Knock on effects in supply chain including #Wolverhampton engine plant? 
Business leaders push for new campaign to reverse Brexit  
Historically, we’ve never been able to rely on Westminster for protection. With the loss of the EU charter, we’ll be vulnerable once again.Why is no one talking about the #Brexit threat to #LGBT rights?Great article by my friend @JonathanCoopr 
Brexit is a collective English mental breakdown: "English people living on dreams of empire never learned to see others as equals" (More proof of @AnthonyBarnett's book thesis) 
Animal charities including @HSIUKorg unite to call on the government to get the best deal for animals in Brexit negotiations. Details:  
First they came for the migrants. Then they came for the judges. Then for the MPs. ... Now for the CBI. Look at the rhetoric here ...  On Brexit, as on appeasement, the CBI gets the big decisions wrong. Just what is the point of it?'  
Germany warns Britain must deal with 'leftovers' from previous phase of Brexit talks if it wants a deal  
presumably it is kept secret because it would be hard for the govt to persist with its hard-Brexit policy if the public knew the contents  
To all MPs who were claiming to be Remainers pre-Referendum and now are supporting Brexit I would say: No principled Remainer would mutate overnight into a Brexiter because of a referendum result.Lies or a lack of principles or both.#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit 
EXCLUSIVE: UK has 'agreed in principle' a Norway-style Brexit transition with single market access but no power to shape EU rules.Member of the European Parliament’s Brexit team tells me British negotiators raised no objections to accepting free movement + ECJ jurdisitcion.  
With the terrible scenes in #NHS hospitals up & down the country, maybe this would have been more appropriate on the #Brexit bus.Isn't it time we #StopBrexit?#StopBrexitSaveBritain #StopBrexit2018 #StopBrexitNow #CancelBrexit #ExitFromBrexit #Remain #VoteRemain #BrexitShambles 
As least bad forms of #Brexit, @CBItweets want to stay in customs union, while @The_TUC want to stay in single market.  Fine, but both imply net loss of #UK sovereignty - so what’s the point? Since “Canada” option is even worse,  coherent answer is don’t leave.. 
What has struck me most about the liberal left post-Brexit, post-Trump, is the total absence of IDEAS to get back in the gameDemocrats retreat to "Trump the villain/the Russians"Remainers retreat to "lies/£350 million on a bus & dodgy forecasts"Neither has a compelling reply  
It’s difficult not to conclude that either May & many cabinet ministers do not believe #brexit is going to happen or they are mind-bogglingly incompetent.Either way let’s have referendum sooner rather than later so UK can #ExitFromBrexit 
Says the old relic from his home in France, where he moved to taking advantage of freedom of movement. A benefit that he wants to take away from other UK citizens: BBC News - Lord Lawson: Civil servants want to 'frustrate Brexit'  
Quite incredible. UK shelves financial services Brexit position paper  
This is very important. These are deeply hard-headed people, driven by what will work, not ideology. They would not push to stop Brexit if they did not believe it could be stopped.It can be.  
One interesting part of this account of Russian-Tory connections concerns the link between presumed Russian spy Sergey Nalobin and Matthew Elliot Head of Vote Leave and #Legatum fellow. 3rd graphic shows Nalobin with B. Johnson. #StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE pic.twitter.com/JsMbNRwFIL 
.“Business leaders are privately pushing for a new campaign to reverse Brexit as concerns mount about the viability of government plans to prevent a collapse in exports to Europe.". 
The question is: Should Scotland be an independent country?The answer to that question is YES.It is YES regardless of any Brexit 'deal'; any UK government policy; any realistically conceivable economic consequence; or anything that is promised by any party.#Referendum2018 
Business leaders push for new campaign to reverse Brexit  
Lord Lawson: Civil servants want to 'frustrate Brexit' - One can only hope...  
Nick Clegg is right here. You cannot end #austerity AND have #Brexit. Renew is listening to Britain to find out the priorities of UK citizens & address the issues of Britain. Something our Government should have done a very long time ago. #RenewBritain #RethinkBrexit #FBPE 
Tasmina Ahmed-Sheikh.1999 candidate 4 Tories2000 joined Labour Party2015 an SNP MP2017 lost seat2018 cosy picture with Tory Brexit Sec David Davis. Epitome of career politician. As Groucho Marx said “Those are my principles, and if u don't like them... well, I have others”  
Whilst Global Growth continues to strengthen, Brexit Britain goes backwards. Time to rethink. 2018 IMF Growth projections: Advanced Economies - 2.3%United States - 2.7%Euro Area - 2.2%Germany - 2.3%France - 1.9%Spain - 2.4%United Kingdom - 1.5% 
One day soon an independence referendum will be called. The unelected Tory pigs will say no and the British Unionist Labour party will stand full square behind them against democracy in defence of tyranny. 
Lord Mandelson's secret vow to help Brussels in the Brexit talks: Labour peer said he was 'deeply committed' to the EU in letter to chief negotiator:  
Actually it's an EU plot to force Britain to face up to the consequences of Brexit.  
On Thursday President Higgins will give the keynote address at the conference on “Brexit, Ireland and the Future of Europe.”Since his inauguration, the President has spoken on numerous occasions about the importance of renewing the EU. See  
May fudged phase one of the #Brexit negotiations. The reality is the UK never got past the first hurdle. If #Brexit is not reversed the UK will crash out of the EU without a deal and the economy will be screwed. 
Sitting on Public Accounts Committee we question civil service on Brexit weekly. I’ve seen no resistance but real concern over the enormity of the task. That’s not ‘frustrating’ it’s speaking truth to dreamers.  
Business leaders are waking up to the fact that Brexit would wreck them.At the eleventh hour they join the battle.Welcome. The more the merrier.#FBPE#WATON  
Noticed that #Leavers are getting angrier and angrier and more vitriolic in their defence of #Brexit, as it becomes clearer the majority of the country never wanted to leave the EU.  
Pssst. The majority of Labour supporters are not happy with Brexit. Time for a rethink?  
Exclusive: UK has already 'agreed in principle' with EU to Norway-style Brexit transition  by @ShehabKhan 
Last year, more than 300 Enterprise Ireland backed companies exported goods worth €256 million to Australia. Learn how Australia’s buoyant economy offers an important post-Brexit solution for Irish companies seeking to diversify globally.  
When the IMF lecture us Brits and make yet more wildly inaccurate predictions of post-Brexit doom & gloom, remember that the organisation's head Lagarde receives a tax-free salary & bonus (which in 2012 totalled £350,000 pa). 
I can’t believe how little attention is paid to the fact Theresa May got us involved in a French war in Mali last week. A NEW war! And for what? No special #Brexit deal, just a 900 year old bit of stitching, maybe.  
What will the EU look like after Brexit? Its economy will be smaller than the US economy, for one.  
Lord Lawson: Civil servants want to 'frustrate Brexit'  
IMF cuts its growth forecast for Britain's economy in 2019  
Britain's biggest carmaker Jaguar Land Rover is reducing production at its car plant in Halewood in response to weakening demand due to Brexit and tax hikes. #FBPE 
“UK’s Brexit preparations are all devoted to having your cake and eating it. It doesn’t matter how many times or ways in which European politicians say no; the British just don’t seem to listen.”  
So @Conservatives. You will note that the IMF has significantly upgraded global growth for 2018/19, with one glaring exception. The UK.Good job. #Brexit 
GOV Brexit high priorities: stamps, blue passports, leaving party, new royal yacht, Big Ben ringing out leaving the EUGOV Brexit low priorities: evidence, impact assessments, planning, solutions, diplomacy, status of EU cits in U.K., the law, the GFA & para 49 of phase 1 deal 
This Government is ruining the NHS and Brexit pours petrol on the fire... It's simple: Brexit or the NHS. 
Lord Lawson tells @nicholaswatt civil servants will "do their best to frustrate" Brexit because it represents radical change  
Most of these threats of violence are the pathetic BS of sad failures. But if such threats are seen to gain results then our democracy is in grave danger. This on its own is sufficient reason to #StopBrexit.#FBPE #Brexit  
In Shocking Interview, Macron Admits France Would Vote To Leave EU If Referendum Held #marr 
Jacob Rees-Mogg And More Than 100 Other MPs Will Demand END OF FREE MOVEMENT After Brexit  via @Your Brexit 
5hr delay! Arrived #Morocco, no driver at airport, obvs. Took bus to city. Lady helped me find a Taxi from there. "Welcome to my country," she said. Wanted to cry. If she came to UK, chances are a #Brexit-er would tell her to bog off back where she came from. #IWantMyCountryBack 
Such politicians need not be working for, or deliberately assisting the Kremlin. But all politicians will understand that #Brexit fits the Russian plan to weaken Western democracy. And so by pursuing #Brexit they are deliberately turning a blind eye to that consequence. /2 
Richard Tice - Post-Brexit, we have the chance to regain our spot at the global stage’s top table. The mood of the people is, “Let’s get on with it.” People don’t want a long transition.  
Sanity is breaking out at last!: Business leaders push for new campaign to reverse Brexit.   
When considering Russian interference in our politics it is sometimes better not to look at possible links between the Kremlin and British politics, but to look at the very visible way in which the actions of #Brexit politicians assist Putin's agenda.#StopBrexit #FBPE /1 
Unite is in close dialogue with JLR, monitoring the situation closely. Brexit uncertainty along with the government’s confused policy on diesel engines to blame.  
Business leaders are privately pushing for a new campaign to reverse Brexit as concerns mount about the viability of government plans to prevent a collapse in exports to Europe. 
Dear @jeremycorbyn soon you will have to choose between the radical reforms you want and #brexit you may think #Brexit will destroy the tories  might be true but it may also destroy the country. anyone who tries to ride the brexit beast is in turn devoured by it 
Professor Marlene Wind to @KRLS Puigdemont:How you define democracy? Is it only referendum and opinion polls and voting, or is it also the rule of law and the Constitution?Should that Constitution would not be respected?   
We desperately need a @UKLabour Govt.A large majority of Labour members & voters don't want any kind of #Brexit.Labour doesn't want to break its promise to "accept the referendum result". However, most Labour members & voters now think Brexit would, on balance, be a mistake.  
Chelsea’s philosophy of Brexit begun with this video  
‘Anti-Brexit campaign groups are putting their differences aside & uniting behind a push to give parliament & the electorate a chance to reconsider the decision to leave once it is clear what kind of deal the PM has been able to negotiate’  
“Fool me once; shame on you. Fool me twice; shame on me.”I voted Corbyn in 2017 and had my vote construed as support for Hard Brexit. I’ll never make that mistake again.#FBPE #StopBrexit 
Is there a more eloquent or effective advocate of Brexit presently on these shores? I don't think so.  
‘@Arron_banks: Britain needs a new movement to keep pressure on establishment and ensure Brexit is delivered.  
Non-white immigration was to 2016 what civil rights for African-Americans was to 1968. It's THE issue that animates the right. It triggers absolute demographic panic in enough of the population, in enough key states, to have brought about American Brexit. 
Slowly but surely, the tide is turning as @CBItweets changes tack urgently on Brexit.   
One person's dream is another person's nightmare. Brexit dreamers have turned other people's lives into a nightmare for the sake of sovereignty we never lost, immigration our govt chose not to control and a blue travel document we could have had anyway.#StopBrexit#WATON 
It's not just that the NHS won't get the £350m a week it will have much more withheld from it bc of diminished tax revenues due to his Brexit. #NHSCrisis #LiarBoris 
Not many ways in which Brexit could work out worse for us than staying in. But remaining inside the customs union, while having no voice in EU trade policy, is one of them.   
So Macron lays bare the unpopularity of the EU within France but vows to undemocratically NOT give the French a referendum......and this ladies & gentlemen is how it works 
So Ukip's NEC wants a second poll to challenge the first's Henry "Brexit Bolton" result. Fair enough. Their democratic and constitutional right 
Jaguar Land Rover to cut production at HalewoodUK’s biggest carmaker blames faltering sales on #Brexit vote and tax curbs on diesel fuel#ProjectReality 
I used to watch or listen to @BBC news. SometimesI never do nowLike millions, I’m sick of it’s:Remoaner whiningAnti Brexit biasTrump hysteriaSJW campaigningVirtue signallingCult of Conman Corbyn obsessionPay inequality hypocrisy... general metro-elite sanctimony  
Brexit Breaking News:Jacob Rees-Mogg publishes his post Brexit plan. We've Got Our Country Back. Please find a handy map attached to see which administrative area you'll reside. Just remember you can't trust a Novantae as they're mainly froginers.  
Key point, with a wider purchase than the CU issue: now that we are mired in the detailed, technical issues of Brexit its advocates are shown to have no comprehension of what's involved (hence, instead, focus on passports, Big Ben)  
Since the EU referendum UKIP have changed their minds six times about their leader - but we're not allowed to change our minds once about leaving.That's democracy for you :-/  
Without the votes of racist far-right bigots #Leave would have fallen short of a majority. The British political elite is now pandering to this odious minority and ignoring the best in our country. #FBPE #StopBrexit #Brexit 
After Nigel Farage, Jacob Rees Mogg is the second Brexiteer who has publicly backed the principle of a referendum on the Brexit deal. #LeaveWatch 
There is no #Brexit mandate to rob us of the Right to live and work in 30 countries. The question was never asked, and a super-majority should be required for any such removal of Rights. This petition needs our support:Please RT#StopBrexit #FBPE 
It was always going to be a betrayal for you, Arron. You knew the government wouldn’t destroy the economy so this is easy for you. The longer the govt isn’t honest about what Brexit is, the easier it will stay for you to press the betrayal button.  
We are heading towards a narrative where Labour is seen to be complicit in a Tory Brexit - and I think this will prove to be very damaging for the party.  
"Brexiters don't listen to facts. No point even trying to reason with them"Who does that narrative help?Is that true of every single Brexit voter? No.How many Brexit voters do we need to convince? 4%What does treating ALL Brexiters like irrational fools achieve? 
FT Exc: The City has been waiting since last summer, but now it looks like the promised Brexit paper on financial services may never materialise - shame, because it concerns 1m jobs across the UK    
The IMF [which receives EU funding] were wrong in 2016 & in 2017 on the UK economy. Ever since Lagarde actively participated in Osborne's Project Fear, the organisation has shown itself to be a laughing stock on Brexit. 
We know the precise details of a hard Brexit were made clear before the referendum. There was never any suggestion of a Norway style soft ("fake") Brexit.  
I know too many journalists happy to take the money and run when it comes to spouting Brexit bollocks. This is a principled position @mrjamesrob has taken.  - via:@pressgazette 
Dear @_HenryBolton if you "drain the swamp" of UKIP you will find nothing but a broken and rusty Tesco trolley from 1985. UKIP IS a swamp. The country needs to bury this toxic party and stamp the dirt down. Then set about stopping Brexit  
Because Brexit is impossible, because the govt is fudging it and not being honest, because May did everything she could to play to the fantasy we have now the best conditions for generations for new far-right “betrayal” movement.Forget waste-of-space UKIP. This is a real threat  
Germany’s top diplomat in charge of #Brexit issues friendly reminder that 'sufficient progress' in withdrawal questions meant: we are not there yet. More work to be done.@The3Million @IanDunt @GuitarMoog @JamesMelville 
.@AdamBoultonSKY Why do non-British politicians & officials speak so much better about the pitfalls of Brexit and express more concern for the UK's future than any British ones do?  
Day 578 since Brexit vote: I have been campaigning tirelessly for Remain, not only because I love Britain, but because I love liberal democracy. It is at its greatest threat since World War 2. Too many don't see it. But then they didn't in the 1930's either. 
Sterling now a whisker away from $1.40, for first time since referendum night, though still well down versus vs euro...Shd help limit inflation rise, though might take shine off export devaluation boost 
Grand discourse by President Puigdemont once again. Internationalization of the conflict continues: “What happens in #Catalonia is as crucial for the future of the EU as Brexit”  
The IMF has predicted that the UK will grow by 1.5% in 2018 and 2019 because of #BrExit. That's about the same growth as the UK had from 2010-2013That's a disaster, apparently. Labour are blaming the Tories. The last two years of Labour GDP growth were -0.6% and -4.3% 
Slightly frustrating that 18 months after the referendum and a year after triggering Art 50 that it is only now that the media are printing the facts about Brexit.  Remainers have been saying this for the last 18 months. Also there are no unicorns.  
My lecture from last November on the paths to Brexit: 'The political economy of British sovereignty'. 
Innocent drinks founder launches scathing attack on Wetherspoon's Brexit-backing boss  
Another Brexit bonus..EVERYTHING REMAINERS SAID WOULD HAPPEN IS HAPPENING...  
The resignation of UQuit members was top story on BBC News at lunchtime. How does a party without a single seat in parliament warrant so much press coverage, when the one party that's anti-Brexit is largely ignored?  
This is an extract from the @TSSAunion led composite on #Brexit which was overwhelmingly passed by the Labour Party Conference in 2016 - it must be enacted!  
Brendan Chilton: If Labour tries over-turn Brexit it will lead to the biggest constitutional crisis in British history -   
Doesn't matter what political party you're with or if you're not in a party at all. If you see through Brexit as a con pulled on the public, as a damaging act from which only the biggest crooks in the country will profit, there is one banner you are covered by:  
.@RoyalMail @RoyalMailStamps Andrea Leadsom MP ran her own poll regarding Brexit stamps. It got a whopping 16,800 votes. Please be advised that 70% did not think Royal Mail should issue Brexit Commemorative stamps.  
FT Exclusive: The UK government has admitted a long-expected paper setting out its trade goals for financial services after Brexit may never be published  
Theresa May facing Brexit clash as 75% of Tory MPs want free movement to end during transition period The survey also revealed the almost two-thirds of Conservative MPs agreed that ‘no deal is better than a bad deal’.  
Christophe Bondy(Canada's #EU trade negotiator) tells the exiting EU committee that in March 2019 in technical terms the UK will experience the single biggest loss of free trading rights probably in human history.#Brexit #StopBrexit #FBPE 
I find it odd that so many twitter accounts that say they are opposed to '#brexit' do not want to hold the party to account that is responsible for 'brexit'. Talk of responsibility and they either singularly blame Labour or say Labour and Tories are equally responsible. Odd that. 
Watch: My speech from a Brexit rally in Westminster last week. Brexiteers can not afford to be complacent. We need to continue to make the positive case for Brexit, unite and hold the government's feet to the fire.  
Seriously? *irony detector explodes* The people restricting the UK's ability to get a good deal are the people meeting with the EU's chief negotiator to undermine the UK Govthe people calling for another referendum& the people who treat the EU negotiating line as immovable.  
As a young person we were were proud to be British, proud of our country & because we thought we were the best, guess what , we were the best, then slowly the lefty Snowflakes arrived & started to apologise for being good, guess what we are no loner the best, so Brexit & sort it 
Friends! Faintheart!I'm in favour of as many EU referendums as are needed to get a Remain win! Only need to win *one* of them to win!Turnout among Remain voters will be well over 100%, and most of the 17,410,742 Leave voters will have died of boredom by the 10th referendum.  
Brexit boost: Three-quarters of Tory MPs 'OPPOSE free movement after EU divorce'  
Defeat May’s Canada-style deal in the Commons. Commit to soft Brexit. Put the new deal to a ratification referendum.  
Bad news for May: looks as though day of reckoning will be coming sooner than she hoped. German Brexit coordinator, RTed by Barnier's deputy, says phase 1 'leftovers will surface' - which means PM's beloved fudge has finally gone off.Open border or no deal. That's it.  
Theresa May facing Brexit clash as 75% of Tory MPs want free movement to end during transition period  
Conservative ministers are deliberately deceiving the British people on the Brexit negotiations. The Prime Minister's red lines are severely restricting the ability of Britain to get a decent deal from this process. My latest column for the @Independent 
Whatever your views on Brexit this is hall of fame quality trolling  
The time for vagueness is over - Labour needs to box clever on Brexit if it stands a chance of ousting the Tories. That means a soft Brexit position, a progressive vision for migration and promising a referendum on the final deal, argues @paulmasonnews  
Petition: Parliament's vote on the Brexit deal must include an option to remain in the EU.  
It must worry @jeremycorbyn a little to know every other progressive left of centre party in Europe thinks #Brexit is madness and every far right fascist party plus #Trump and #Putin think it’s wonderful. Don’t you think? 
Our message is simple:Given that Brexit would take decades to complete (trade negotiations with other countries, passing new laws....) then pursuing it in the full knowledge that the under-55 population of the UK does not want it, is mathematically illogical.  
Great to catch up over lunch with @Nigel_Farage @sugarhut @SugarHutRest #Brexit  
Watch out for 'BREXIDIOTS' the new documentary series: Episode one features extreme Brexit fans the 'Thick' family. As their granny lies dying in a corridor for 15 hours bc of the NHS crisis due to Brexit they fill their time making banners saying "We Won, You Lost, Get Over It!" 
No-deal: The Brexit nightmare that won't go away  
Take part in our national Action Day - Sat 27 Jan! We need as many people as possible out on the ground to get the message across that we need to protect our NHS from Brexit & risks of leaving Euratom - critical for radiotherapy treatments in the UK  
.@LiamFox is right - only by leaving the customs union can the UK have a proper, independent trade policy that fully seizes the benefits of Brexit.  
"From 1973, British membership of #EuropeanEconomicCommunity threatened Tate & Lyle's core business, with quotas imposed from #Brussels favouring domestic sugar beet producers over imported cane refiners such as Tate &.." #Wikipedia More stories like this will surface:.#Brexit  
Big sugar and American owned  Tate and Lyle helped buy Brexit - and it stinks to high heaven. The BBC should be investigating that not offering this American firm a puff piece   
Tate and Lyle was one of the biggest backers of Brexit. They are happy because now this American owned firm can import cheap cane sugar from Belize and undercut UK beet growers.  
Surely the reason LAB’s not pulling away in the polls is that Corbyn’s out of line from his voters on Brexit  via @MSmithsonPB 
[press officer walks in, sweating]"so we've had a reshuffle, and, er, Benry Holton is the deputy leader, Henly Borton does foreign affairs, Honry Belton gets Brexit..." 
Many UK analysts and politicians still have to come to terms with the fact that the moment May triggered Article 50 what the British public wants from Brexit became of secondary importance to its outcomes.What the EU27 states want from Brexit now defines the process 
We could agree to #StopBrexit now and keep our #EU benefits and rights. There are absolutely no benefits to #Brexit. Not one. Are we saying that Britain has been conned? Yes, we are. Read and share @Jon_Danzig’s report. Link:  #FBPE pic.twitter.com/l9Xae5YvCF 
Although the left don’t like it, Nationalism & Democracy go very well together. It’s Globalism encompassing unfettered immigration that is the greatest threat to Western civilisation. So #Brexit & #Trump are fine for me. 
#BREXIT: #JacobReesMogg says #freemovement of people into the #UK MUST end the day #Britain leaves the #EU. At least 1 politician wants to deliver the will of the #British people.  #BBC #SKY @BBC @LBC #LBC @ConHome @theresa_may #UK #EU #BREXIT @CCHQPress 
This is a fantastic position for Labour to be in because what'll happen you see is that they'll streak ahead just as soon as the Tories start messing up or arguing about stuff like maybe Brexit for example. Or elect a rubbish leader. That'll have the same effect.  
SHARE if you agree with @BorisJohnson that Brexit means taking back control of our laws, borders, money, and trade  
Will the great Brexit slump turn out to be the big freeze? Growth significantly upgraded in 2018/19 for US, Canada and Eurozone but frozen rigid in UK (ht IMF);  
87% of all new wealth generated last year went to the top 1%13% away from ALL NEW WEALTH generated going to the richest 1%They own EVERYTHING and YOU get taxed more to cover THEIR tax dodging shortfallsReverse Brexit, watch them panic with the new EU Tax Haven directive! 
A must-listen from @nick_clegg yesterday, for remainers of all parties and none, which covers amongst other things where opposition to Brexit could go this year.Please watch and share  
This morning I had the @ZDF following me. We had an interesting conversation about #NHSCrisis and how #Brexit is impacting negatively the #NHS and the lives of @The3Million. Looking forward to watch the full documentary. 
Only 18% of Brits are OK with Britain "following some EU rules and giving up some controls" to maintain "best possible trade links" - Survation poll.Sorry CBI/Remainers, there's no support for a customs union or other EU institutions that deny us #Brexit#LeaveCustomsUnion 
So let's get this straight. Just today in @UKLabour we have:1) hit lists of women drawn up by men2) Jewish populations blamed for prostitution3) hard Brexit, anti-immigrant policy espoused by leadershipWho is going to sort out this mess? 
Do you trust The BBC to present issues surrounding Brexit impartially and factually? 
The @EU_Commission has published another of those #Brexit warnings that annoyed David Davis so much. This time on data protection. Although this time making reference to a transition period (Also acknowledges the Brexit date could be changed)   
I know it’s asking a lot of committed @UKLabour voters but if you support #Remain it’s vital you vote for an anti #Brexit party at the local elections. It’s the only way to show the leadership they cannot rely on your votes unless they oppose #Brexit. 
Still blocked by @Andrew_Adonis for disagreeing with him about Universities.Isn't it time you realized who your allies are on Brexit and unblocked all us academics Andrew? We have more in common....  
Once opinion polls reach 60% in favour of #remain, Fox hasn't a single trade deal lined up & we get a Canada minus Brexit what then?We're falling behind world growth including the Eurozone and no signs we'll catch up post Brexit. #FinalSay PERHAPS! 
Tory MPs clearly want a no-deal #Brexit which would would provide fantastic profiteering opportunities for disaster capitalists and force Britain to slash taxes on business & the rich, and regulations, rights & welfare in order to attract business.Tory heaven! #StopBrexit #FBPE 
'World's richest 1% get 82% of the wealth', says Oxfam:So let's let the super-rich whip up nationalist hysteria and xenophobia to force Britain into a #Brexit which will give them even more power and wealth. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
This is the most embarrassing, cringeworthy tweet in the history of Twitter. It's also sums up Brexit perfectly.  
I've had a lot of requests for the Brexit Cake meme I did to be made suitable for a profile banner, so here it is, just needs to be re-positioned by moving up.A big thank you again to @37paday for the idea! @W_A_T_O_N @SandraDunn1955 @TheNewEuropean @mrjamesob #FBPE #StopBrexit 
Remoaner MPs who are PLOTTING with EU chiefs to water down #Brexit should be named and shamed! They are acting against democracy and against the national interest.  
Council by elections:  Vote for a non Brexit partyNo to ConservativesNo to LabourYes to the LibDemsYes to the Green partyYes to Plaid CymruYes to SNPWrite to your Councillors and tel them if you want.You can find them here:  #ABTV#FBPE 
The Brexit elite just pinballs from disaster to disaster with no regard for how ordinary people are damaged by their sloppy Brexit. They must deliver Brexit as promised to British voters or Brexit's off.  
Parliament poles apart on Brexit. Every chance May loses Commons vote on her deal in autumn. Result: 2nd referendum or General Election. Labour must be ready to make the case for Remain. #RemainLabour #StopBrexit 
I also Agree with the speaker of the house - let’s go Scotland we have the green light for independence referendum 2 - Even the British Nationalist Dependents are agreeing that “Now is the Time” @theSNP 
We need to draw attention to #Brexit theft of our Right to live and work in 30 EEA countries (Ireland being an exception). This petition is one way of doing that. Please sign and spread as far and wide as possible. #StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON 
Tony Blair on opportunity cost of Brexit, May and Corbyn, therapy and being a grandfather - perceptive interview in his new HQ by our @chedwardes @EveningStandard today 
In past year, 2,350 academics from non-UK European countries have left UK universities. @LibDems @LaylaMoran says: ‘We can’t overstate the size and impact of the vacuum’ that will be left if govt does not give UK HE assurances it needs #Brexit 
Leavers who think losing the Right to live and work in 30 countries should be denied the Right to live and work anywhere but in their nearest town. Then some of them might just understand. #Brexit is theft. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Really pleased to announce I am organising a screening of a Brexit documentary called "Postcards from the 48%" at the European Parliament. You can get tickets here @LibDemsinEurope 
This is quite unbelievable but Christophe Bondy(Canada's #EU trade negotiator) heard an MP say a good reason for #brexit was that we'd have access to cheaper tropical fruit. #StopBrexit #FBPE #Remain 
"The perpetual demonisation of Germans and celebration of 'the greatest Briton ever' in British film has played an instrumental role in energising nationalists, thereby letting the ugly beasts of xenophobia, racism and Brexit prejudices out of the cage"  
An improved global economy will boost UK growth. But it will still be less than it would have been without #Brexit. Furthermore EU growth has rapidly accelerated eliminating sclerotic growth as one of the 'reasons' for quitting the EU. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
.@NastyWo10058218 abstained during the #EUref but she’s a #remainernow & she regrets not voting #remain in the first place. She sees #brexit as a disaster.There are a lot of people who are in the same position. Thanks for speaking out @NastyWo10058218 - let’s get a #finalsay 
Whose side is Lord Mandelson on? Signed an oath of loyalty to the EU and receives £35,000 a year pension from Brussels Encouraged EU to ignore UK's interests in Brexit talks   Offers secret help to Michel Barnier 
I have five grandchildren and two great grandchildren and I can't let them down by voting for any party that advocates  brexit, my conscience won't allow me. 
Brexit: Innocent drinks founder launches scathing attack on Wetherspoon boss - The Independent  
As I elaborate in the piece, there has been a fundamental misdiagnosis of how the British think about European integration. Observers would do well to go back and read @SirDavidButler 's classic book on the first referendum in 1975  
Lord O'Neill says Brexit outlook is brighter as "robust" UK economy fares better than he expected  
Pressure from Brexit supporting politicians has worked. The BBC no longer scrutinising Brexit but cheering it on.  
Brexit: Innocent drinks founder launches scathing attack on Wetherspoon boss - The Independent Another common sense voice against Wetherspoons  
A vicars daughter heading our Brexit negotiations wil only result in too much "turning of the other cheek" and needless compromise.As has already been witnessed!We need a hard nosed 'pitbull' like Donald Trump in order to gain the outcomes that Brexiteers voted for! 
Ha.Good luck with that.If Tories won’t do those things in the transition period they have two options:- ditch May and see if someone else would do better- crash out of the EU without a deal#Brexit  
Is #Brexit going to be bad for the economy? YES. Is it going to be bad for the working class? YES. Is it bad for the young? YES. Is it going to cost us ALL more? YES. Is it going to take always fundermental rights? YES. We have to #StopBrexit we must #ExitFromBrexit 
The remainers seeking to delay, deny & damage Brexit on both sides of the house are working against the UK, to the EU's delight. Our response as Brexiteers must be consistent, united & coordinated. @talkRADIO FULL interview here:  
Britain must leave the #EU's customs union:  via @Telegraph #BOOEU#Brexit 
Remainer O’Neill now admits Brexit Britain’s economic future is bright  
Important point from former Brexit minister and Remain supporter Lord Bridges: a deal which leaves the UK having to accept EU laws that it has no say over cannot equate to "taking back control"  
Compared with the #EURef winning margin of 1.3 million, a clear 4%, the 1997 Welsh Devolution Referendum had a winning margin of just 6,000, a mere 0.6%. Don't recall Davies complaining about that "narrow referendum result".  
MOGG'S ARMY: 100 MPs to DEMAND end to free movement on day of Brexit  
UK govt’s refusal to admit the #Article50 notice of intention to leave the EU can be unilaterally revoked is typical of the lack of candour which characterises current UK Govt policy on #Brexit. Read about the Scottish court case here   
I’m looking for participants in a research project about the impact of the 2016 referendum on the sense of identity of non-UK EU nationals who have been living in the UK for at least 20 years. @The3Million @emmyzen @Scientists4EU #inlimbo 
The threat of no-deal Brexit still hangs over us  
#3: Nigel Farage and Bob Geldof hurl abuse at each other during the Brexit flotilla on the River Thames  
OBR should prepare a "Brexit impact assessment" before Parliament votes on Withdrawal Agreement, says Treasury Committee:   
Christophe Bondy Canada's #EU trade negotiator - There is one rule in international trade.. you trade with people who are close to you.. who are close in values & habits & who are rich... that's what the UK risks cutting itself off from.#FBPE #StopBrexit #Brexit  
Jim O'Neill says Brexit outlook is brighter thanks to "robust" UK economy  via @CityAM 
Protecting our membership of the single market is crucial to safeguarding workers’ rights, jobs, incomes, and living standards. The SNP are committed to working with the trade union movement, and other parties, to prevent a devastating Tory hard brexit  
Put Tory/DUP billion pound deal before parliament or I'll go to the courts - Brexit campaigner @thatginamiller  
"If Merkel was a business, it would be time to issue a profit warning.Germany is at standstill & nobody seems to want to govern anymore.A strong Germany will not emerge anytime soon.The instability means no long-term decisions can be made."#Brexit #EU 
Brexiteers across the country are becoming more confident and outspoken in their support for #Brexit. 
. @theresa_may is set to authorise a rapid response unit that will stop the spread of fake news. We look forward to a clamp down on fake news from Tory politicians and the #Brexit billionaire press.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
The pound and U.K. government bonds are telling different stories about the Brexit risk  
Unelected peers should not use the call for a second referendum as a strategy to stop Brexit, pointed out @Jacob_Rees_Mogg on the @daily_politics 
Heidi Alexander - Even if 10% of the Conservative Party believe we should stay in the single market & if they were minded to vote that way then Theresa May's government could be defeated.#Brexit #StopBrexit #FBPE #VictoriaLIVE @heidi_mp 
Why does Mrs May never say anything about anything #Brexit.  Ok she's said she's not going to give a running commentary, but come on.  She allows myths and mistruths to circulate on both sides.  Just a few words would stop a lot of the bickering...Wouldn't it? 
Bad news for the government. @BMGResearch poll for @Independent finds 61% think #Brexit talks going badly. BUT WORSE: 30% blame David Davis' team and only 16% blame EU. Tories will own Brexit chaos. 
So it would seem that Lola really HATES those burgundy passports as well. #Brexit #emergencypassportrequired #doesanyonewantthisdog 
BREXIT CHAOS: Revealed - Ministers spend millions pushing firms to export as Brexit looms / #Brexit #Toxic 
Here’s a ( typically) thoughtful FT/Kuper piece on tribal identity as an antidote to rising loneliness in our times: Trump, Brexit, Corbyn etc make us feel less alone  
GALLOWAY: UKIP is dead, long live NEWKIP! Brexit won't happen unless somebody holds the government's feet to the fire - @georgegalloway. 
As #Brexiteers move closer to the #MAGA in tactics , rhetoric, rightwing #populism and #nativism,,keep in mind that we're now in the #gaslight phase of #Brexit.#Orwellpic-@Ian_Fraser 
There is leadership, Anna. It says we’re leaving the single market and the customs union, also known as Brexit, thanks to a little vote we had in 2016. You must have forgotten.  
A regular reminder that racism in Western politics & foreign policies is neither new nor recent, but has a rather well-documented ugly history.Brexit & President Trump haven't emerged out of a vacuum.  
Managed to ask Norwegian Foreign Minister @arcticfrontiers how she’d respond to any UK bid to join EFTA or possible future bid by Indy Scotland. She politely declined to comment but said Brexit won’t affect Arctic cooperation. Well, I tried. 
BOOM: Even Remainers now admit Brexit Britain has a bright economic future ahead.Project Fear well and truly busted.  
Our message to our leaders is simpleGive us the Brexit you promised -Or admit it can't be doneTime to come clean:- Where are the trade deals you promised?- Where are the NHS £ms?- How much will Brexit cost?- What do we get in return?- How do you solve the Irish border?  
New post: The unanswerable democratic case for a second referendum  
You think so? IMHO Adonis owned that interview...The Lords can't block #Brexit but the Ppl can...not a 2nd Ref but the 1st on the deal. He's the Democrat unlike JRM.. in a Democracy ppl can chamge their minds..he'd allow it; Rees-Mogg wouldn't!Binding #FinalSay in 2018. 
Jim O'Neill changing mind over #Brexit. Economy doing better than he expected. Caution always advised, but #ProjectFear looking sillier by the day. 
MP David Davies “French Govt has previously shown if French voters don’t do what they're told in referendum they keep rerunning it until they get right answer.“Macron’s throwaway comment highlights the fundamentally undemocratic nature of EU"#Brexit #EU 
Once the British passport was the best in the world. After #Brexit a Latvian passport will grant the right to live and work in 30 countries which will have been stripped away from the holders of the blue British passports.#Brexit is theft. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
MOGG'S ARMY: 100 MPs to DEMAND end to free movement on day of Brexit  
Yet another example of @DailyMailUK twisting the facts & lying to its own readers about the Brexit negotiations. The EU are not "plotting" to force May to do anything. They announced their position on the SM & passporting for UK banks a year ago.Nothing has changed.@lbc 
Jacob Rees-Mogg calls on UKIP members to join the Conservatives to "deliver on Brexit." @JuliaHB1 @Jacob_Rees_Mogg 
I love that Brexit being a colossal shit show is the fault of remainers being grumpy, not the fact that it's a monumentally stupid idea, sold to us by tax dodging fuckwits and a task of inconceivable complexity being run by a cabinet of chimps slinging faeces.  
UK better placed to cope with Brexit than I thought, admits former Tory Treasury minister and leading Remainer' | via @telegraph 
There were always millions & millions of proEU Brits. Prior to #EURef they did not have to be active or engaged like kippers. Now they bloody well do & are. Irony is #Brexit has awoken a sleeping giant in U.K.#Remain that is angry, determined & committed #FBPE Remain #FBPE #WATON 
A majority of Britain's MPs would accept staying in the single market, new poll suggests  
Asked if his optimistic forecasts showed that he had been too pessimistic about Brexit, Remain supporter Lord O'Neill tells the BBC: “I'm almost embarrassed to accept that it might sound like that."  
Interesting from Lord O’Neill: ‘he praised a recent uptick in productivity and efforts to rebalance the economy away from London and the South’:  Britain's economy will soar as global growth cancels out Brexit hit, pro-EU ex-minister admits  
He isn’t. But you carry on! @jeremycorbyn knows what he’s doing & also knows what “real pressure” actually is. You might get more credibility if you challenged the @CONservatives since they are in Government & “negotiating” Brexit.  
So that’s how you’re gonna deliver a “jobs first” Brexit is it John? Through an imaginary second single market?  
I have news for you, Britons are twigging on to the fact that #Brexit was devised and orchestrated by the 'super rich' to serve solely their interest. The average Briton will be worse off; working longer hours to sustain their present salary, while the 'super rich' get richer.  
Reminder: Rees-Mogg and many MPs want tax breaks for the super-rich who funded the #Brexit referendum. We should end the perversion of our politics by big money, not reward it with tax perks. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
#Brexit.  I am compiling two lists:1) The names of the politicians who secretly, and possibly illegally, have engineered the unwanted fusion of the UK and the EU.2) The names of the politicians who failed to keep UK options open, or plan a contingency for the UK leaving the EU 
I have stopped listening to #r4today and don't watch BBC news.  Sick of the daily dose of Tory propaganda, failure to challenge speakers, and the omission of Brexit news that other channels broadcast. @BBCNews #FBPE #stopbrexit 
I fear @bbcnews journalism is being added to the victims of Brexit  
When you try to point out Labour and Tory plans for Brexit are very similar... (via @SKZCartoons) 
Brexit is as delusional as Lewis Hamiton leaving Mercedes, spending 18 months and millions of pounds negotiating to join the Haas team and expecting to win the World Championship again. We have the best deal of any EU country, why the hell can't Brexiters see this. 
Used the EU Health Card in Lanzarote recently.  Quick access to a doctor with nothing to pay.  If Brexit goes ahead we will lose this card. Holiday insurance cost will rise to cover additional claims.  #stopbrexit @ChukaUmunna @Labour4EU @LibDems @Conservatives @Healthierin #FBPE 
France would have left EU in similar referendum to UK's, says Macron  
In today's Brexit news: David Davis and Boris Johnson tell CBI chief she is wrong on remaining in the Customs Union | 75% of Tory MPs want free movement to end during transition period | President Macron admits that French would 'probably' vote to leave EU  
Cut the wriggling, get real, just stop supporting the insupportable: stop Brexit.  
FT data show that Brexit would leave the EU poorer and more afflicted by joblessness and low productivity than before  
The number of EU academics working at British universities continued to climb slightly in the year of the Brexit vote.  
Tory MP David Davies SLAMS Macron after he admits FEAR of Brexit-style referendum result. UK knew what they were voting for!  
SCHULZ & CORBYN: Schulz’s view on Brexit cd not be clearer. I hope Jeremy meets him soon to discuss the way forward. We need Left unity with Germany & France. Never forget, Brexit is a Hard Right project - ‘to complete the Thatcher revolution,’ as Nigel Lawson put it. 
Who knew there were two different single markets? Labour’s position on #Brexit is the dead parrot in Monty Python’s sketch. He’s not dead he’s resting he is. Norwegian blue. Beautiful plumage. He’s not dead he’s a pining for the fjords!  
Diversion alert! Need more on defence? Probably. But G Williamson has sent his Generals on manoeuvres for cash for tanks because they spent so much on aircraft carriers, which didn't have aircraft, which we bought from US, which have gone up 20% after devaluation thx to Brexit! 
Protect UK Citizens' existing Freedom of Movement rights in Brexit negotiationsThe UK Passport gives us, as EU Citizens, the Right to live and work in 28 EU Countries (& 3 EEA Countries). As UK Citizens, we do not want to lose this Right. #WATON #FBPE 
These excellent points in this week's @FarmersWeekly from @SoilAssociation show exactly what all that 'EU Red tape' has been keeping off our plates... Unbelievable!  #Food #Farming #Brexit #25YEP 
The answer is not a second referendum but a first on Tories’ bad deal for Britain says @campbellclaret:  
MORNING TWITTER! Today is the birthday of the poet John Donne.Here are some words he wrote in the 16th century. #brexit #fbpe 
This is blatant BBC Brexit propaganda: we may at best derive some benefits from the prosperity of other nations   
UK government questions Scottish bid to show Britain can alone revoke Brexit  
READ | Tusk is famous for his emotional Brexit outbursts: "my heart" this, "we miss you already" that. Don't be fooled. He's the most duplicitous of the lot, playing the good cop in the EU's malevolent strategy.  
Fascinating snippet in the Times this morning says 60% of people feel their views are not represented in British politics, according to Edelman. I'm an active member of a political party and I feel the same. What a mess. #Brexit 
Lord Mandelson secretly offered to help Brussels in Brexit talksTraitor, only interested in his position & Pension!  
Leavers, now we know that #Brexit is just a project by tax dodging elites to destroy our workers & environmental protections, that'll make everyone else poorer & risks our NHS.Please name one tangible benefit of brexit that makes that all worth while?Or are you a #RemainerNow? 
The reason the #Tories won't let us have a #finalsay referendum is that they know (from painful experience at #GE17) that a high turnout among young voters would #StopBrexit in its tracks.#FBPE#WATON#StopBrexitSaveBritain#BrexitShambles 
Eva Johanna Holmberg's (@EvaJohannaH) new article on travellers, 'strangers' & identity in the 17th century and her own experience of threatened deportation as an EU academic in #Brexit Britain in 2017 
BREXIT DELUSIONS LATEST: No, Germany isn’t in intensive care; yes it is about to get a strong & stable Govt. With Macron, Merkel is the arbiter of Europe. Our crass national error in marginalising ourselves from the leadership of Europe will now magnify with each passing month 
Ultimately, the UK government will have a choice on #Brexit: Leave the EU, but pay to get access to the single market, but with no EU voting rights. OrFace the economic calamity of hard Brexit. It's as simple as that. But the Tories are in complete denial over this. 
We should get Macron to interview @jeremycorbyn and @theresa_may on their Brexit plans.I can see it now “This Jobs first Brexit you propose, it is, how do say, bullshit, no? You cannot have the benefits of the single market without freedom of movement.”  
Knowing what you know now; how would you vote in an Autumn #Brexit ratification referendum? 
Bizarre reporting ‘Brexit not as bad for economy as predicted’. Of course not: Brexit hasn’t happened yet! #KeepUp 
UK growth upgrade could 'dwarf' Brexit hit  This must be complete wormwood to the Remain fraternity. But really we should all applaud the resilience and prospects of the UK economy, free to engage with a growing world 
As a former @UKLabour member I've had enough of your constructive ambiguity."a customs union" "a single market" There there's your refusal of a referendum on the final deal - denying us democracy.Enough is enough. #WeAreTheOppositionNow #WATON #StopBrexit #FinalSayForAll 
EU’s heart might be open, but Britain’s isn’t  "Since June 2016, those number of people who want a second referendum has been consistently lower than the number that doesn’t, even in surveys that showed movement toward Remain on other questions." 
“if the telephone rings and it starts with a 44, don’t bother picking up.” The impact of Brexit on UK innovation.  
Bombs & bullets cannot stop our resolve to get #Biafra restored. Until 75 million #Biafrans are wiped out, our agitation to restore Biafra will continue. A call for referendum is not a call for war. #SupportBiafraReferendum 
(I love you all, Jeremy Corbyn fans.) Interestingly, the way your attacks have affected my view on Jeremy is perhaps the best insight I've ever been given on how (not) to persuade people about Brexit. 
Jacob Rees-Mogg still reeling after the Norman victory over the English. His thinly veiled xenophobia creeping out in an offer to send Nelson's flag - to show that that UK wins 'most of the battles'. Not an awful lot of winning since the Brexit vote... #BrexitShambles #r4today 
I'm surprised at the way the parl'y  Conservative party - a majority of which one favoured Remain - has now come to view certain elements of a soft Brexit as unacceptable  
Theresa May should declare herself a #Brexiteer or stand aside for a more passionate Brit ... Her sitting on the fence is worrying and public trust is her biggest weakness.#Brexit #Brexiteers 
LEAVERS TAKE NOTE-UMUNNA said "senior EU officials told him Britain had no chance of getting a good trade deal after Brexit if they refuse to pay into the EU" &  "From what EU said we are systematically being misled & lied to by UKGov about this deal & what the EU will give us." 
W. Münchau‘s bruising ‚Europe‘ column in the FT is inching towards what I have been hearing in France, Italy and Germany for almost a year now: Revoking Brexit is no longer in the interest of the EU27.  
Survey of MPs reveals Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn face significant political challenges over Brexit@AlanJWager @anandMenon1 @philipjcowley @ProfTimBale @MileEndInst 
Been saying this for years... 3 days ago even Obama's own UN Ambo @AmbPower44 alluded that Obama's actions (or lack thereof) lead to disasters->rise in terrorism-> ISIS->refugee crisis-> xenophobia-> brexit-> panic/hysteria-> Trump. Link:  
The UK is at odds with all sense of reason.#StopBrexit and tackle the real issues.Brexit will not fix anything.#WATON #ABTV 
In Shocking Interview, Macron Admits France Would Vote To Leave EU If Referendum Held  
Most politicians are hooked on the drug of exercising power over others.The mystery is why so many MPs have agreed to give away that power to the unelected dictators in the EU ??And are not keen on getting that power back, now they have a chance, after 45 years.#Brexit  
GREXIT, BREXIT, FREXIT, ITALEAVE; when will one actually go?...  
Simply put, its #brexit or the #NHS. Staff leaving, poor financial forecast, stealth privatisation and scores of private health companies queuing up. So lets put our money where our mouths are. Which do you want more?Please vote, comment and #retweet. 
The Brexit punishment beating will be self inflicted, as businesses in the EU27 switch supply chains to avoid tariffs, red tape & delays. Border checks, proof of conformity & travel documents slow the progress of commerce & export hubs choke with traffic & bulk cargo. #FBPE 
The whole Mr Brexit claim from Trump derives from the success of Bannon, Breitbart and CA techniques as a 'Petri dish' for the Trump campaign. (See June 24 trip to Scotland the day after #Brexit). Inexplicable omission. And many Russian contacts with UKIP/Farage 
UK growth upgrade could 'dwarf' Brexit hit  
SMEs may be worst affected by Brexit, research suggests  
May facing prospect of Lords blocking Brexit Bill if Holyrood withholds consent  
Brexit has put the UK in such a vulnerable position that we are worried about offending the Child President.  
Tory and Labour MPs at odds with party views on Brexit, poll finds.Divisions may spell disruption when MPs vote on the final deal.There’s no majority for Brexit, in Parliament or the country. MPs need a #Remain option to #StopBrexit.#FBPE. #WATON.  
 PRESIDENT #MACRON ON #TRUMP & #BREXIT & #FREXIT "France would 'probably' have voted 'leave' the #EU if offered choice in a referendum" He also revealed what he thinks of the #US  and the #UK  Really?BEHOLD THE CHARADE OF THE CENTURY  
JRM on life after BREXIT #quote: "Once we have left the EU, and have cheaper products and cheaper food and a better standard of living and a booming economy...nobody in their right mind would want to join any European club." 
From what I'm hearing about the date of the #RepealThe8th referendum, I'm going to have to cancel my holiday in May. There goes 700 quid. Worth it, though. 
This is important #Brexit #Bannon (can of worms) @WendySiegelman  
my Spanish neighbours have apparently decided that midnight on a Sunday is the best time to have a dinner party loud enough to be heard from Jupiter so let me tell you: I am now pro hard Brexit 
8 Sept 2014: “Gordon Brown has promised ‘home rule for Scotland within the UK’ if the nation votes 'No' in next week's independence referendum.” Scotland still waiting for home rule promised in 2014!  21/1/2018 Corbyn rolls back his federalism pledge. #LabourLies 
And really the notion that the UK can negate the damage of #Brexit by doing trade deals with the rest of the world…Well it does not add up 
'The best way to DISMANTLE the EU' Macron lets slip the Brexit negotiation tactic he fears  
Second referendum would be ‘extremely unhelpful’ says Labour frontbencher . Labour like the Tories is frightened of democracy. Shameful that we are represented by two parties in virtual collusion with each other. Stop Brexit. #FBPE 
Sorry, @HeadUKCivServ, but that reads like a party-political tweet from the Gov't chief whip.Many civil servants & MPs privately think Brexit is a disaster. The public say Brexit is going badly. And the polls show a growing majority for #Remain. We'll #StopBrexit yet. #FBPE. 
I asked the Cabinet Office why Mrs May had not declared her financial link to Mr May - A fund run by his firm seems to have increased in value by £ 100 BILLION following the 2016 UK EU Referendum vote.  No answer from her as yet ... 
This will confuse all the old biddies who garden, vote tory and want a hard brexit and no Muslims.... Monty Don and the worlds greatest Islamic gardens.... Well done Monty  
This makes me so Have your #Brexit.Have your Hard Brexit.Leave the Customs Union if you want.But PLEASE, PLEASE don’t treat us to this drivel. Make a workable case about how this is actually going to function. PLEASE.  
Here is Steve, he voted leave but he is now deeply concerned about the effect the #brexit vote has had on EU staff in the NHS. He has explained in other tweets he wants a chance to “right the wrong I did”.@steveokmma  for speaking out as a #remainernow - so many like you!  
. @grantshapps disgracing himself playing Brexit bingo on @BBCWestminHour using the terms Remoaner and ‘will of the people’ to justify his abject, self-serving cowardice. 
France was extremely Eurosceptic at the time of the Brexit referendum.But then they saw how things were going for the UK, and so they voted against Le Pen, and for @EmmanuelMacron. 
Ex-Remainer on #BBC radio 4 responding to Sir #NickCleggs outstanding interview, by calling him a "Remoaner" and accusing him of "thwarting" the "will of the people"... Because those are valid arguments in defence of #Brexit? #StopBrexit 
CBI chief:“the value of our frictionless trade within the European Union is worth more than having the potentially unknown value of trade deals in other parts of the world”#Brexit  
SIR #NickClegg doing a fine job on #BBC Radio 4!Socking it to the listeners that #Brexit CAN and MUST be stopped!It is the democratic duty of MPs to vote on the #Brexit deal considering what is being delivered compared to their what their constituents were promised.#StopBrexit 
My Mum & Dad, 88 & 91 at the time of ref both voted Remain. They lived through WW2 & Dad was bombed out. They said “better to work together”. My niece & nephew (in their 20’s & unfortunately not well educated) voted Brexit. Mum & Dad were saddened. It’s not age, it’s intelligence 
Have you seen the abuse Andrew Adonis has had?  It’s exactly that!  Death threats.  Even pictures of lynchings.Brexit has really bought the worst out in people.That’s why it angers me when public figure like Iain Dale keep pushing it.  Especially when their info is wrong. 
"I used to be against Scottish independence – but after #Brexit, I think it's the only hope for young people like me in the #UK"#indyref2 #BrexitShambles #DisunitedKingdom 
ANGER as multiple properties in London are only offered to Muslim occupants  via @Your Brexit 
As the abortion debate gets fully underway in Ireland ahead of our forthcoming abortion referendum, I wanted to re post this speech I made which sets out my position. If you can take the time, thank you:  #savethe8th #repealthe8th #LoveBoth 
Time to get a grip on Brexit negotiations. No more ambiguity @CBItweets we must retain membership of #SingleMarket & #CustomsUnion 
Scottish independence is the only hope for young people after Brexit  
The Labour Party appears to be fostering the completely erroneous belief, prevalent amongst its less well-informed Corbyn supporters, that Corbyn and the LP are opposing Brexit in Parliament. There's absolutely no question,from its voting record and whips, that it's enabling it. 
100 MPs (and 17.4 million people) to DEMAND end to free movement on day of Brexit  
!  "EU BOMBSHELL: Macron admits France would vote to LEAVE EU if country held referendum"  
Theresa May faces Cabinet demands to pledge £100m extra per week to NHS after Brexit  a row over the Government’s domestic priorities looks set to dominate Tuesday’s weekly Cabinet meeting. 
So, Brexit has in effect killed UKIP... That’ll do for starters, but I’m still waiting for Brexit to turn on itself like a collapsing star under the force of its own gravity, taking the Tory Party with it. If there is a silver lining, the end of the Tory Party might just be it. 
#BrexitHow many of the electorate didn't vote?I voted leave and regret it but at least I voted. Just as culpable are those that didn't vote.I still feel bad though.... 
Michael Gove: "Britons Might Be Able To Keep Thumbs After Brexit"  
Tomorrow's front page ... The bridge for a Celtic powerhouse: Exclusive: Road and rail link between Scotland and Northern Ireland would boost economies and help solve post-Brexit border problems  
" ..@IainDale,  ..your rants, and those of  fellow shouty Brexiters, are so, SO, dangerous.  How many thousands of people have you convinced to vote for #Brexit  based on repetitive and biased  “misinformation”?The level of lies around #Brexit is insane!!"  @JoRichardsKent#LBC 
Finally had it with Corbyn and McDonnell and their Brexit nonsense. I’m going to be one of those people who aren’t a member of any party for a bit. 
How much longer are Labour Remainers going to put up with McDonnell & Corbyn talking Brexit gibberish?Supporters of the pair constantly run to their defence - pretending there’s some kind of masterplan - when it’s clear to see that they don’t know their arse from their elbow.  
Was struck by how quickly history gets rewritten. For the record, the political parties, in the main, did not campaign during the Marriage Equality Referendum. Politicians, with a few worthy exceptions, were largely silent. 
FARAGE COMEBACK? Brexit champion reveals plans as Ukip leader Henry Bolton faces axe  
Significant that the author of Article 50 says that a vote on the Conservatives' Brexit deal is possible- they are making a mess of it, and the people must vote on whether it is good enough for Britain 
Brexit is not the high point of democracy – it's the greatest fraud ever perpetrated in British politics   
Brexit: Now the author of Article 50 predicts a second EU Referendum.  Lord Kerr expects the vote will take place in the autumn  
I am flabbergasted at the NEC’s disastrous decision to self destruct UKIP. There’s no doubt another leadership contest would be the final nail. The liberal media knows it and the NEC has just played into its hands (as usual). For Brexit’s sake, let the man get on with his job! 
WTF did they think was going to happen after #Brexit?  That the whole world would be queuing up to trade with a small country that has no discernible manufacturing base? The whole world is laughing at us (and probably saying it serves us right for the arrogance displayed by Tory)  
Former Benefits Agency chief Lord Bichard, says pensioners should do charity work, to earn state pension. Who wants to punch him first?  #Brexit #StopBrexit #ToriesOutNOW #WATON #FBPE No #ChlorineWashedChicken #Resist 
The growing number of Conservative MP’s willing to openly attack the performance of May and her government (and not just on #Brexit) is a sign we are on the cusp of political change.  
The businessman, who spoke out against independence during the referendum, sits on a joint board with Mundell that considers constitutional issues like Brexit.(Another unelected person having influence over Scotland and it’s people)  
Brexit is the greatest fraud perpetrated in British politics  
Mogg nails Adonis, ‘if Remain won there’d be no calls for a second referendum’  
So @LabourRichard doesn't think the massive economic damage #Brexit will do is sufficient "material change" to warrant a new Independence Referendum.  Don't know what to say really. Such tunnel vision & ideological naivety is rare. 
.@CBItweets in complete Brexit denial. They are more interested in playing politics than working to ensure Brexit is a success. They would rather undermine the government, than serve the interests of their members. Boris et al right to call them out!  
Imagine George Orwell's reaction to hearing that in 2018 the UK still has a Parliamentary chamber full of unelected Lords who chastise the plebs for daring to vote against their wishes in a direct democratic referendum. 
Hear hear! I've been saying this for months! It is NOT a 2nd referendum. Stop calling it that! it's a referendum on the final deal #FinalSay 
Misleading drivel from @BorisJohnson.The Leave option on the voting slip said nothing about leaving or not leaving the Single Market and Customs Union. #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit  
Brexit will mean cheaper clothes and food if the PM gets tough with EU, says Jacob Rees-Mogg  
Lord Kerr, author of Article 50, predicts new EU referendum for autumn.Polls now consistently show the public want to #Remain in the EU.Experts say Article 50 can be revoked. And EU leaders would welcome us staying.We should #StopBrexit.#FBPE #WATON 
 The French President @EmmanuelMacron Believes His Country Might Also Have Quit #EU If Offered The Choice In An ReferendumOUI  Vive la France!  #FREXIT - #EU BOMBSHELL: #Macron admits France would vote to LEAVE #EU if country held referendum  
5 Giant Evils - squalor, ignorance, want, idleness, and disease - were the basis of our post-war welfare state. 5 Great Endeavours - Independence, Compassion, Integrity, Justice, Prosperity - a worthy vision for post-Brexit Britain? #Sovereign 
President Macron on Trump, Brexit and Frexit  
Funny you should mention profits...(Honestly Boris, I almost never tweet at you, because what's the point in debating brexit with someone who knows it's bad, but simply jumped on it for political gain.) 
MOGG'S ARMY: 100 MPs to DEMAND end to free movement on day of Brexit  
UK's Booming economy EMBARRASSED EUFrance suffers 9.7% unemployment"[UK] are in situation of full employment that we could very much be jealous of at the moment""Where are the people against #Brexit who said it was all going to be catastrophic?"#EU 
"The greatest act of betrayal of progressive values this country has seen in many years,"- former Deputy PM Sir Nick Clegg tells @carolynquinncq why Labour's Brexit policies are "impossible".Full interview with @nick_clegg's views on Carillion and expenses @BBCWestminHour 10pm 
Simplest solution of course would be for #Brexit loving England & Wales to leave UK (member state)and allow Scotland & NI to get on with our lives within the #EU! Hard border at Berwick would be a worthwhile price to pay! Any takers? 
As someone who voted Remain, I cannot see how accepting market access in return for future governments having no say in new regulations equates back to "taking back control" of key decisions, says former Brexit minister Lord Bridges  
People thought UKIP wouldn’t have a purpose after the Brexit vote, but now they get to “vote leave” on their leader almost every week. 
George Orwell died this day 1950. The greatest writer on politics in the English language besides Hobbes. His essay ‘politics & the English language’ vital to understanding Brexit: the use of ‘strong words’ - like ‘deep and special partnership’ - to ‘give solidity to mere wind’ 
Jacob Rees-Mogg offers SUPERB challenge to Remoaner peers plotting to THWART Brexit  
Trump's support for Brexit was closely tied to anger at the EU after his failed attempts to get EU approval to build a barrier wall at his Irish golf course 
I could never previously have conceived the UK joining the Eurozone or Schengen; but, I can now imagine it as part of our re-entry. Ha! Screw you Brexit! 
The whole Henry Bolton saga is a metaphor for Brexit... You leave a stable relationship for the promise of something more exciting.. But end up losing everything when it turns out to be a little racist. #FBPE #StopBrexit #UKIP 
Brexit transition: on Monday 29th Jan, EU27 shd agree transition guidelines so talks on transition can start with the UK. Broad agreement exists that transition will be under all existing EU rules and laws. But this leaves plenty of difficult issues. Thread 1/10 
I’m shocked (I’m not). Labour are stronger in opposition to independence for Scotland than they are to Brexit. This should be fairly instructive.  
The real reason for Tory #Brexit - Pure greed:Three former Tory Cabinet Ministers secretly filmed discussing being paid for telling Chinese tycoons how to make money out #Brexit#StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
Yes, I tried that this week. I got one Brexiter who replied (and spouted rubbish). Just one. If Brexit was the will of the people there should have been lots. If Brexit was beneficial there should have been lots of reasons. #stopbrexit #Remain #stopbrexithour #exitbrexit 
You tell em Boris.  These people still don’t get it, even now.   Brexit is about something far more important than the administrative convenience of a few businesses.   
French President Emmanuel Macron speaks to the BBC's Andrew #Marr about a variety of topics, from Trump to Brexit 
Interesting paper by @wtworster of the Amsterdam Centre for International Law arguing that Brexit won't mean a loss of EU citizenship.   
Brexit or Remain: the question that defines our future?Many polls searching for views. This one is clear in asking:If there was a general election how would you vote on the basis of Brexit or Remain?Pro-EU = all parties who’d support RemainPlease retweet after your vote: 
I have just resigned as Henry Bolton’s Brexit Spokesman, & asked him, again, to resign as Leader. I will continue to serve the UKIP members. 
UKIP is dead Long live the NEWKIP #Brexit #UKIP #Farage 
UK's 'yes or no' Brexit vote was mistake, says Emmanuel Macron  
#WATON #FBPEBest way for English to help Labour is to vote Green or LibDem in May elections. Brexit stance will change & support will soar. 
Again, IPOB reiterates call for referendum on Biafra  
Another piece of Brexity propaganda? That the working class voted for it. Don’t make me laugh. Old duffers voted for Brexit. The industrial heartland Manchester, Trafford, London, Liverpool, Newcastle, Leicester, Glasgow, Belfast, Dundee, Cardiff? All #Remain. #WATON #FBPE #PCPEU 
Save the #NHS, stop #Brexit (via @InFactsOrg) 
Brexit will kill the Tory party. Destroy it. It cannot be delivered in a fashion that will satisfy all those who voted for it and the blame will lie squarely with May. I think they'll hold a second referendum, simply to get themselves off the hook 
If the EU is so confident why don't they allow every member an "In-Out" referendum before the United States of Europe is imposed on them? Watch 'em squirm at this idea!!  
Smart honest guy is Clint #releasethememo #FollowTheWhiteRabbit #TheStormHasArrived 
Thread:Two thirds of people believe Brexit going badly ahead of next round of talks, poll shows.Just 2% of people think the talks are going 'very well', according to the survey.The best option is to #StopBrexit and #Remain in the EU. #FBPE. #WATON.1/ 
If you follow his logic it would also mean that he thinks Theresa May, who created ‘Go home’ vans for immigrants and is overseeing a calamitous Brexit, is less divisive. Go figure. 
I hereby officially nominate myself as UKIP leader. Policies:1) Rename UKIP to EUIP (European Integration Party)2) Campaign to halt Brexit3) Join Schengen4) Join the Eurozone 
EU BOMBSHELL: President Macron admits France would vote to LEAVE EU if country held referendum What kind of a Union is it if a majority of the people want to leave, but leaders ignore them?  
Based on my previous poll I've been barraged by indy campaigners stating it's only a matter of time before the UK is no more, let's show them how wrong they are - If there was a referendum to decide the future of the UK, how would you vote? #Indyref #Britain #UK #Brexit #England 
Scottish Labour's position on Brexit is clear...as mud. @LabourRichard 
Friendly reminder: "Sufficient progress" in withdrawal questions meant: We are not there yet. More work to be done. Many #Brexit left overs will surface when EU-Commission starts drafting withdrawal agreement, e.g. text on Ireland! Point here is: Legal text has to be clear. 
I wish I was a second generation immigrant. Then I might be able to keep my EU citizenship after Brexit. Unfortunately because I'm 'indigenous' English, I have no such chance. 
The European Arrest Warrant makes us complicit to miscarriages of justice. For a country that prides itself on civil liberties, it is a matter of urgency that we leave it after Brexit, says @DavidTCDavies 
#FBPE #FinalSayForAll #WATONHow can this government and the Labour Party think Brexit is a good thing? When 1000s of British citizens have felt the need to seek another nationality?  
The European Union is a protectionist bloc, as its reaction to the United Kingdom post-referendum has confirmed. It doesn’t believe in free trade, but in trade that facilitates its political control. 
UK, YouGov poll:Was Britain right or wrong to vote for Brexit?Right: 45% (+3)Wrong: 44% (-2)Field work: 16/01/18–17/01/18Sample size: ?#Brexit 
The new @realDonaldTrump and @GOP ad which connects Dreamers to “immigrant murderers” is racist propaganda. Reminds me of the Brexit ads that were pasted up in England by Nigel Farage and Boris Johnson. Sickening. Just sickening. 
Scottish Labour's Richard Leonard doesn't think a Scottish Parliament  majority, Scotland's 62% Brexit vote and SNP winning more seats than all other parties together in GE17 is a mandate for ScotRef. This is an attack on Scottish Democracy. @LabourRichard 
Tony Blair gave us the Iraq War.  David Cameron gave us Brexit.  Nicola Sturgeon gave us baby boxes, and is "the most divisive politician since Thatcher", according to Richard Leonard. 
This is good. Check it off against the unicorn droppings offered by both Gov and Lab Opp on Brexit.  
Macron admits France would vote to leave the EU if country held referendumpic.twitter.com/GsjCKNuwlp 
“Scotch Whisky can only be produced in Scotland. Brexit will not change that".Yes it will. You'll no longer have EU Protected Status, so 'Scotch' could be made anywhere.  
#Labour MP Frank Field - "I’m hoping now the Government will plan for, and have a plan B already in place, if those Lords, who talk openly about thwarting the will of the people, from wrecking the referendum bill." #Brexit  
Jacob Rees-Mogg - "If Lord Adonis wants to put his case forward, he should try and stand for election – something I don’t believe he has ever done. See if he can win a general election, campaigning to reverse the result." #Brexit  
Jacob Rees-Mogg - "I think the ambition of the Lords, in putting forward a second referendum, is actually to try to stop #Brexit, and Lord Adonis has been very clear about that."  
Emmanuel Macron says France would "probably" have voted to leave the EU if it had held an in/out referendum  
David Davis's cheery dismissal of his department's assessment of Brexit's economic impact rankled with officials  
BREXITThe UK Government has allowed the EU to set the agenda from day one; making concessions & seeking very little in return. If only we had a negotiating team that used Brexit supporting MPs insisting of negative feet dragging Remainers.  
French President Macron on life after Brexit: “The deepest possible relation is being a member of the European Union.”  
Do you think the House of Lords should try and stop Brexit?  
MPs to debate WALKOUT of Brexit talks this week amid fury at EU demands  
Remainer writes open letter to BBC demanding they use ‘if’ not ‘when’ in Brexit coverage  
Urge the Government to recognise animal sentience and improve animal welfareBe a voice for the voiceless by taking part in this consultation. DEADLINE: 31st January 2018. Please visit: #AnimalWelfare #AnimalSentience #KeepWildlifeInTheWild #Brexit pic.twitter.com/uF2tifEgp8 
I like my great, independent nation just as it is thanks. And nobody can make me leave, I'm staying to fight people like you who think I should.Why didn't you leave in the 40 plus years since the last referendum?# StopBrexit#FinalSayForAll#FBPE 
Thus far the attitude of the Labour leadership to Remainers has been a politer version of the kippers' "You lost, get over it!". No surprise then that many Remainers are raging with anger against Corbyn and his colleagues.#StopBrexit #FBPE #brexit 
Nicola Sturgeon has held out her hand to every political leader in the UK to work out an agreement to brexit. Every one of them have turned their noses up because of nothing but jealousy and pure hatred of SNP and SG. 
Farridge's second referendum will tell us the answer to that. 
If, as you say, Brexit means taking control of laws, borders, money, and trade, then we might as well stay in the EU, as we already have control over all these things. Colours of passports too. 
Andy Walker - the Brexit of punditry 
Claims that three former Tory Cabinet Ministers secretly tried to earn thousands of pounds in a 'cash for Brexit' scandal.Anyone seen £350m/wk for the NHS?Brexit is built on a pack of lies and deceit. #StopBrexit and #Remain in the EU.#FBPE. #WATON. 
But what Macron actually said was more important than the language he spoke: WE WANT YOU TO STAY, FOR THE GOOD OF EUROPE. None of this soft Brexit ‘retreatism’ - just stay! This is the big argument of the coming referendum.  
I have asked Jacob Rees-Mogg many times how much he and his rich clients would gain from a hard Brexit but don't get a word out of him. Which makes me think I'm right to keep asking the question  
Hard Brexit would be devastating to the UK. There is a tiny group of rich people who'd profit though. Keep asking those who push it, like @Jacob_Rees_Mogg, if they and their chums will make gains. The views of those who profit from it are tarnished. 
Two thirds of people believe Brexit going badly ahead of next round of talks, polls shows  
Whilst your age mates are signing Alexis & PEA.. you want to be showing interest in Peter Crouch & Ashley Barnes. Ultimate Yer Da transfer targets. Brexit FC aka Chelsea Football Club 
Important development by CBI here. Business is effectively telling Liam Fox that he doesn't & shouldn't have a job. Once again: the game's up. These trade deals aren't happening. Now focus resources on elements of Brexit which aren't neo-imperial fantasy  
Depressing: @johnmcdonnellMP recycling David Davis style drivel about quitting the Single Market & retaining its benefits, and the cake-eating nonsense the Tories were spouting 15 months about immigration & the Single Market#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit 
I'd like to see that. Call it the 'Redknapp Rule'- at least one Granite Brexit manager must be interviewed for a manager position.  
Guardian 2012: £13tn hoard hidden from taxman by global elite. This should be the target of popular anger. To combat that risk the most cynical segment of the super-rich has successfully  arranged an orgy of populist nationalism.#Brexit #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Somewhere on the @DExEUgov server is a Gantt chart which shows that Brexit is simply unachievable from where we are now. People are knowingly ignoring this inescapable reality. #StopBrexit 
This is why I spoke out on single market last weekend. 'Jobs first Brexit' and 'exact same benefits' are empty platitudes that keep on being trotted out. Unless we commit to the single market we don't get either. Time to be honest.  
Stated on Marr that a benefit of Brexit should be deregulation of labour market so he can hire & fire at will as he can in his Malaysian manufacturing base. A particularly nasty piece of work. But of course he has demanded that HMG continues to subsidies his farmlands post CAP 
Labour frontbencher Debbie Abrahams says a second referendum would be 'extremely unhelpful'  
This literally cannot be retweeted often enough. #Brexit #LeaveLies #FBPE 
For the first since the Kurdish referendum, with international encouragement, #Iraq and #Kurdistan prime ministers meet.   
Our government is being dragged into EU Defence Union initiatives that will leave our defence spending & defence industry subject to Brussels control - even after Brexit. This *must* be stopped.  
EU, consistently over the god knows how many years:“Free movement is a requirement of being in the single market”UK politicians, 530 fucking days into Brexit:“I reckon it’s not” pic.twitter.com/ODnM0HR5p7 
Emmanuel Macron warns Britain cannot have access to the single market without open borders after Brexit 
UK's 'yes or no' Brexit vote was mistake, says Emmanuel Macron  
Less than 4.27 % of businesses in Britain directly export to the EU100% of them are restricted by EU regulationThe CBI represents this minority at the expense of the great majority of businesses in Britain. #Brexit #LeaveCustomsUnion 
Despite some positive news we've seen for our environment in recent months, there's still a significant risk that UK environmental protections will be reduced after Brexit. #NatureNeedsYou 
My understanding is @EmmanuelMacron told @George_Osborne before Brexit referendum that, if France had referendum, the vote there could be for out. Therein EU’s legitimacy crisis  
."UK hopes to divide-and-rule EU members on Brexit deal but fails to realise that it won’t work.". Chris Johns in @IrishTimes 
This period of Brexit, when a weak government could be forced into a different position by a smart, committed opposition, is being wasted. 
I was asked yesterday why I oppose Brexit. I answered. "I oppose it for myself, my family and friends, also for my country but mostly I oppose it for you, Mr and Mrs Brexiteer because I know what is coming, yes my friend,  I oppose it for you". 
French President Emmanuel Macron believes the UK will get a bespoke deal – but hopes Brexit can be reversed.  
Forget Brussels!Macron says "the best way to dismantle the whole EU is to do a country-by-country negotiation" during the trade talks.Sounds like a plan...#Brexit #EU 
Welcome to @BBCNews - seems to see itself as Brexit spin doctor. Totally agree with your interpretation not theirs   
me covering the referendum  
As well as shaping the rules of the world’s largest free trade area, we today have trade deals with a further 65+ countries. More than 3/4 of our trade is with EU or countries we have or are negotiating deals with.A hard Brexit will make us a far weaker player in global trade  
We are spoiled in the UK. We accept that out employer must give us min holiday, pay min wage, not sack us without cause. We accept that's we're globally relevant and entitled to our way. These things are the norm for us. They won't be after Brexit 
Some Corbyn supporters argue that if Remainers don't vote Labour we will let the Tories in.We can reply by saying that if the Labour leadership continues to treat Remainers as political lepers that will let the Tories in. Ball's in your court Corbyn.#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit 
Actually, like most remainers, my account is here to attack Brexit and ALL THOSE who support it. Don't blame me for the fact that Corbyn is a diehard Leaver.  
Both Jeremy Corbyn (last week) & John McDonnell (this week) have articulated in a straightforward & unambiguous way Labour's clear stance on Europe, dealing with Brexit, access or membership of Single Market & Norway! This is a consistent & solid stance on #EU! #marr #bbcqt #pmq 
Peers are 'WRECKING' Brexit: Demands for Lords ABOLISHMENT as they seek to THWART Brexit.LABOUR PARTY Brexiteer Frank Field @frankfieldteam demanded reforms to the House of Lords @theresa_may 
As Fox, JRM, De Pfeffel, May, waffle on about going global, Beijing says Brexit signals end of China-UK ‘golden age’ #FBPE #Remain #FinalSay 
Iain Dale, do you see why your rants, and those of your fellow shouty Brexiters, are so, SO, dangerous?How many thousands of people have you convinced to vote for Brexit based on repetitive and biased  “misinformation”?The level of lies around Brexit is insane!Stop it! 
Many stories coming out now across SM. Looks like the EU is now in deep sh*t as more member states refuse to take in immigrants. Italy wants their money back. Macron says France would vote to leave the EU in a referendum. Happy days!@ForBritainParty 
Spot On! John McDonnell succintly articulates the adherence to neoliberalism that benefited the large corporations aided by the establishment at the cost of ordinary people; this alienated people enough to reject the establishment in the EU referendum!  #marr #peopleschancellor 
The CBI is funded by the EU.To get EU money, the CBI has to sign an EU declaration that they will ALWAYS support the EU & NEVER say anything bad against it otherwise they will lose the funding.The EU funded CBI is not independent...#Brexit #EU #CBI 
Let this sink in: Labour's official Brexit position is to leave the EU, yet simultaneously force the EU to drop the indivisible 4 pillars of the single market so that a Labour government could be part of the single market without accepting freedom of movement for workers.=  
“Brexit is a great opportunity for the UK to build a new independent trade policy that delivers jobs, cheaper food and clothing — an immediate Brexit dividend for the British people."When was the last time our actual prime minister spoke so positively about our vote for Brexit?  
Jacob Rees-Mogg says Brexit will mean cheaper clothes and food if the PM stands up to the EU and ensures we can build a new independent trade policy  
Lord Adonis - some people have suggested we could send Jacob Rees-Mogg in return but the problem is the Bayeux Tapestry is much more recent in its views. #Brexit #StopBrexit #Remain #FBPE #bbcsp 
We have:A PM championing Brexit to save her political skinA Chancellor trying to make contingencies for a hugely damaging policyAn Opposition Leader who neither likes the EU nor understands how it worksA Shadow Chancellor unable to grasp basic economic concepts #goodtimes 
IN SUMMARY: there's no point in me applying for permanent residency because it will become redundant after Brexit. I also cannot apply for what it'll be replaced by because we don't know what it is. We also don't know *when* it'll be replaced by it. 
Noteworthy that it's Andrew Adonis battling Rees-Mogg on #Brexit, not a Labour front bencher. We are the opposition now! #WATON#StopBrexit #FBPE 
First: I left UKIP years ago.Second: brexit is about leaving an anachronistic, corrupt &  failing customs union & re engaging with the world.It is about embracing friendship, trade & cooperation globally.The growth now is in the east & pacific, economically & demographically.  
MOGG'S ARMY: 100 MPs to DEMAND end to free movement on day of Brexit  
Remainers don’t have the courage to campaign for EU membership in a general election “because they know the British people aren’t with them.”The House of Lords will be “playing with fire” if it tries to obstruct Brexit, says @Jacob_Rees_Mogg 
Whatever your view of @EmmanuelMacron politics, striking how he engages listeners with direct answers to Qs, in his 2nd language. He emphasises need “to be lucid & fair with people”. We are owed that lucidity & straightforwardness from our own leaders right now. #Marr #Brexit 
Hello, hi, can I borrow you for a minute? Because I'd like to talk about how I'm basically being held hostage in the UK while the Brexit negotiations are taking place and it makes me want to scream. 
“I put again to Lord Adonis; he would not be calling for a second referendum, had Remain won,” says @Jacob_Rees_Mogg 
Lord Adonis is absolutely right when he calls for a 'first' referendum on the deal our Government gets. Calling it a second referendum fails to acknowledge the that what leave voters thought they were voting for is wildly different to what they will end up getting. #fbpe 
Very disappointing to hear Scottish Labour leader @LabourRichard argue in support of #Brexit. I don’t know a single business person who thinks Brexit will be good for our economy. It’s madness 
Lord Adonis - This is the biggest decision the country has made since 1945... This started with the people with a referendum & the final decision should be taken by the people. Well said lord Adonis #bbcsp #StopBrexit #FBPE #Remain @Andrew_Adonis 
- *40,000* NHS nurses short - 33,000 left last year - more leaving than joining (for 1st time) - 90%  in EU nursing applics since Brexit ref Jeremy Hunt says he’s got 5000 new nurses to train. Tell me, do the figures add up? #marr  #bbcqt 
Arch Remainers Adonis has just accused @Jacob_Rees_Mogg of lying on #bbcsp. Failed attempt to ambush JRM re his position on a 2nd referendum 
"I absolutely do not think the Lords can stop it" - @Andrew_Adonis tells #bbcsp that the people should have the final say on Brexit  
Rees-Mogg: a 2nd Ref is the Lords attempt to overturn #BrexitME: No you are being typically disingenuous..a 2nd Ref allows the Ppl to decide...not the Lords or the Commons but the Ppl...& if the Ppl want tob#StopBrexit...that is the Will!! 
Adonis: “Jacob himself has been a supporter of second referendum, in the House of Commons in 2011” #bbscp 
. @Andrew_Adonis just now correcting the interviewer by pointing out that the #FinalSay is not a 2nd referendum but a first referendum on the final terms. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Macron admits France ‘probably’ would have backed quitting the EU if it held a referendum  
Lord Adonis claims the biggest Brexit issue of future months will be relationship between Lords and Commons. Actually it will be the relationship between the Lords and democracy. #sundaypolitics 
This could be fruity. Andrew Adonis has discovered Jacob Rees-Moog’s appeal for a 2nd EU referendum on the Brexit deal itself, back in 2011 #bbcsp 
Unreleased video of Catalan referendum repression in powerful Sky News report  
John McDonnell was excellent on #marr today, he spoke so much sense on PFI and Brexit, he doesn't get flustered under hostile questioning, he wants to improve life #ForTheMany, he's always on top of his brief, a very impressive figure in the Labour Movement. 
Day 577 since Brexit vote: I'm overcome by frustration that the majority of Brits, perhaps even the majority of those who voted remain, now regard themselves as passengers on a rocky ship in stormy seas, prepared, if not content, to drift in the direction they are steered toward. 
France would vote to LEAVE #EU"If France had same referendum, it might have had the same result?"Macron: "Yes, probably, probably. Yes"'Middle & working classes & oldest decided that EU adjustments in recent decades were not in their favour'#Brexit 
Where Labour may have a multiplicity of positions on the single market and customs union they are absolutely determined to end freedom of movement. It is the unnegotiable in their Brexit approach. 
laymans guide to brexit choices.... which bit of cake do you want to eat ?  
Andrew Marr: “If France had had a referendum, it might have had the same result?”Emmanuel Macron: “Yeah. Probably, probably.”  
Phenomenal resilience in Brexit support given the media/establishment onslaught of the past year.  
Some keep asking me why I keep pushing so hard against Corbyn’s position on Brexit. Here’s why: because it is all a lie. To keep spinning this story that there is some third version of a single market Britain has the power to creat — it is no better than the lie on the bus.  
WATCH | Labour's Frank Field issues warning to the House of Lords over Brexit."If this totally House of Lords thwarts the will of the people, we will get on with the process of reforming you!"  
"Admiral Sherwood reporting for duty. 42.9% career win percentage but 100% Brexit-proof. Where do I sign?"  
MOGG'S ARMY: 100 MPs to DEMAND end to free movement on day of Brexit  
He has met with the most vile Assad apologists He has allowed anti semitism to run riot unopposed in the party.And a million other reasons including Brexit..So I will eat my ballot paper before I would vote to make Corbyn PM... 
Director-General of the CBI @cbicarolyn tells  that business is calling for Britain to strike a customs union arrangement with the EU after Brexit  
#CBI claims we must stay in Customs Union after #Brexit. So no freedom to negotiate our own trade deals, or change our tariffs! Unbelievable.  
It is an irony that Leavers wanting a strong sovereign nation state are supporting right-wing #Brexit politicians whose aim is to hollow out the state, placing ever more power in the hands of multinationals & the super-rich global elite.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Another 'cut-out-and-keep' to explain how we can't have our #Brexit cake & eat it. Do save and use when needed!#StopBrexit #WATON #FBPE #marr #SundayMorning @Conservatives @MumsnetTowers @PJStringfellow Thanks to @37paday for inspiration! 
'Access' to 'a' single market. One of the most meaningless phrases you'll ever hear in the Brexit debate.  
To the BBC to debate Brexit with Jacob Rees-Mogg. Now that his ally Nigel Farage has accepted the inevitability of a referendum on Mrs May’s Brexit deal, I will be inviting him to do the same! 
The actual difference between Tory and Labour Brexit is this:One doesn’t want supporters to know how much they will have to pay for such limited access The others doesn’t want supporters to know how limited the access is.All about fooling their own voters 
Macron admits if France had had a referendum to Leave the EU The French people would voted to leave. Underlines the fact elite (this time French) recognise they are at odds with the people and seek to ensure people power never usurps the elites power.  
Opinium poll for Observer finds that 53% of LAB voters want second Brexit referendum - 23% are opposed. 
Canada-style Brexit deal would be bad for jobs, public services and rights at work. Government must drop self-defeating red lines! And put all options on the table - including single market membership  
This is quite a statement isn’t it. If he believes the French people would actually vote to leave, then why doesn’t he offer them a referendum? What does this say about him...believing this and not offering a referendum. Denying people democracy. 
These #FBPE sorts would sooner have no fucking Brexit @wirralphil1, that, for the hard of fucking understanding means no fucking Tory Brexit & no fucking Labour Brexit. We could have a @UKLabour government but your blessed @jeremycorbyn wants fucking Brexit! Not fucking difficult  
MACRON: France would 'probably' have voted to leave the EU if it had an In/Out referendum.No wonder EU big wigs are so afraid of democracy! 
Consistency of our friends in EU27 in stating that post #Brexit we can’t have benefits of being in SM unless we accept Contributions, 4 Freedoms & ECJ, is overwhelming, yet there'll still be Brexiters like May & Corbyn pretending we can have our cake & eat it#ExitFromBrexit 
Macron explains the single market in English on British TV. When do we get Mrs May explaining the benefits of Brexit in French, on French TV?  
If France had held an EU referendum it "probably" would have been the same result - French President Emmanuel Macron tells #Marr  
The joke is 18 months after Brexit vote you have done absolutely nothing , other than offer a huge bribe to the EU..  
Fascinating to hear @EmmanuelMacron say that he thought France would have voted to leave the EU if they’d had a referendum 
Brexit is going to remain shrouded in fog until broadcasters ask better Qs than “can Britain get a ‘special’ deal that ‘covers’ services?”  
.@EmmanuelMacron calmly and politely exposing the nonsense of the government’s Brexit delusions #marr 
BREXIT: @Jacob_Rees_Mogg says free movement of people into the UK MUST end the day Britain leaves the EU.At least 1 politician wants to deliver the will of the British people. 
MOGG'S ARMY: 100 MPs to DEMAND end to free movement on day of Brexit  
"Britain risks losing green protections after Brexit." Not the story the Govt was hoping for, so soon after the launch of their 25 Year Environment Plan.  
CBI chief: UK must stay in EU customs union after Brexit to protect British businesses  
Henry Bolton says not even the Taliban prepared him for UKIP. Should this not tell every reasonable person that there is something monstrous about Brexit? #FBPE #WATON 
Must Read on the mysterious Mifsud, professor orBrexit provacateur? | Nick Cohen at his very best  
Important intervention from the CBI. Labour will push govt. to secure Brexit transitional arrangements urgently & to put a Customs Union back on the negotiating table for the long term.  
#marr Another Guardian bore on why Katharine Viner. Every political program on BBC there’s one on. All same thing everyday, Brexit bashing, Donald Trump bashing running the country down. Guardian only newspaper has more journalists than readers. 
Scotland to match EU ban on single use plastics by 2030 'Brexit or no Brexit' @PeterSwindon 
I tried, I really tried! I've not watched #SkyPapers for MONTHS because of the anti Trump and anti Brexit rhetoric from so called paper reviewers. Twice this morning I tried to watch, but had to turn off! How dare the ego freak speak for me re Trump #TrumpIsWelcome 
Read more about U.S. billionaire Robert Mercer who backed Trump and Brexit:‘Bob thinks the less government the better. He’s happy if people don’t trust the government. And if the president’s a bozo? He’s fine with that. He wants it all to fall down.’ 
Brexit is a catastrophe, Jean-Claude Juncker says  
Jeremy Corbyn under pressure to shift Labour policy on Brexit  
Look its obvious lets just stay in the EU. The country was lied to, everyone knows this now, its only hardline maniacs who want out. #StopBrexitCBI chief says UK must stay in EU customs union after Brexit  
Not sure how we get leavers to take notice of facts like thisEU migrants have no negative effect on UK wages, says LSE#fbpe #Brexit #StopBrexit #FinalSay#BrexitShambles 
via @Haggis_UK President Macron - You cannot by definition have full access to the single market if you don't tick the box... to get full access you need to contribute to the budget & you have to accept the 4 pillars.  #Brexit #marr #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Left leaning Remainers are continually being told by #Brexit supporting @UKLabour people if you don’t vote for us you’ll get a Tory government. That worked in 2017 it won’t work again. Too much is at stake to play party politics. 
Haha, a "fight against the elite", led by Farage, Boris and Rees-Mogg. Only the daft fall for that nonsense, Brexit is driven by the Elite. When you say fight, I hope you're not another quitling talking civil unrest 
YES YES YES .......   Jacob Rees-Mogg supports calls for ‘biggest party since Olympics’ to celebrate Brexit 
BBC News - Newspaper headlines: 'Cash for Brexit' sting and Labour hit lit  
EXCLUSIVE via @PeterSwindonScotland to match EU ban on single use plastics by 2030 'Brexit or no Brexit' 
Jacob Rees-Mogg supports calls for ‘biggest party since Olympics’ to celebrate Brexit  
Just to be clear from information given by prominent EU officials, the price for reversing Brexit is as follows:Membership of the EuroCommitment to join Schengen No rebate A huge share of refugeesA pledge to join the European Defence UnionThere is no status quo 
Privatisation & austerity destroyed our industries and public services. Britain was asset stripped. Right wing media convinced millions of people into believing that this was the fault of immigrants or the EU. And that’s how we ended up in an even worse situation with Brexit. 
Friends! Summary:1. After Carillion we have the chance to build a better country.2. My exciting and original proposals: far more Government borrowing and spending; much higher taxes; a lot more immigration; cancel Brexit.3. What could possibly go wrong?4. That's all, folks!  
Jacob Rees-Mogg has proposed a finance bill which gives tax relief to billionaire Brexit donors!! The UK is suffering under 8yrs of austerity, yet the likes of Rees-Mogg still push 'trickle down' ideology to benefit only the super-rich #NastyParty #bbcsp #Marr  #Paterson 
While the rest of us are getting fleeced by #Brexit, top Brexiteer Tories are....  
Farage may launch new Brexit party 
BBC report misses one crucial detail - David Jones MP is a sacked Brexit Minister. Hard Right Brexiteer, anti Welsh devolution & Tory whose majority was slashed at last election. Let’s not take his advice! 
Dear #LabourDoorstep Don't even think about knocking on my door unless you have good news about #Corbyn's understanding of #Brexit. Don't worry, hell will freeze over before I vote Tory, but you aren't the answer on this, are you, even for your members, atm? Love, ex-member. 
According to the Observer the CBI is preparing this week to call on the government to abandon the pursuit of global trade deals in favour of long-term EU customs union membership. Is business finally finding its voice on #Brexit? 
Woman on @BBC ‘Complacency gets you Brexit’WrongIt’s the oppositeComplacency gets you the status quo, the establishment, the same tired, old metro-elite leaders who don’t give a fuck about BritainComplacency gets you the EU & the destruction of nation statesStupid woman pic.twitter.com/t5IWkE63FM 
Pity #JoCox death was constantly used by pro EU politicians in the run up to EUReferendum. #Brexit  
The overriding goal for business, and for Britain, is a good Brexit. This requires a profound change of approach: instead of ideology, we need facts and evidence to make the hard choices. #CBIBrexit 
Most Labour supporters want a referendum on Mrs May’s Brexit deal. Bring it on!  
We must have control of free movement of people as soon as we leave ... Rees-Mogg calls for an end to EU shenanigans the moment of #Brexit. 
The Brexit fantasy in a nutshell - it's predicated on the whole world doing what we want them to do and that isn't going to happen; the British Empire is long gone. 
Macron raises hope for Britain's post-Brexit EU market access  
TRUMP ALLY AND BREXIT CHAMPION NIGEL FARAGE ACCUSED OF HANDING DATA TO WIKILEAKS' JULIAN ASSANGEThe plot thickens!!!!!  
THE SPIRIT OF BIAFRA IS LIKE THE VOW OF A #BODHISATTVA IT GOES WITH HIM LIFE AFTER LIVE  AS THE SOUL IS IMMUTABLE SO IS THE SPIRIT OF BIAFRA  IT IS #UNDYING WE MUST DRIVE THIS FIGHT FOR R FREEDOM TO IT’S LOGICAL CONCLUSION WE MUST CONTINUE ALL HAIL BIAFRA!! #FREEDOM #REFERENDUM  
Kurds in Basur, why so silent? Was Rojava not with you when you said referendum? Did you not speak of freedom, rights & democracy? Was it not PKK who stood their ground in #Kirkuk while KDP/PUK fled? Who saved Shingal when KDP ran away? #DefendAfrin Turkey is not your friend. 
“The majority of people voted for Brexit”. Call me pedantic but i believe the BBC should (where possible) always be accurate. More precise: a majority of registered voters who turned out on the day (or otherwise voted legally) voted for Brexit. (17.4m of 65.6m, less than 27%) 
 #UK AND HIGH TREASON  TO BREXIT OR NOT TO BREXIT#TheresaMay feels ‘European’ and indicated she would vote 'remain' if another #EU referendum was held, really Stop ignoring the people's vote  They voted #Brexit We need another #Trump  
.@KRG_USA any statements against Turkish aggression on #Afrin? Millions of dollars were spent on lobbying for the referendum, a tweet is free. You cannot have a #Kurdistan without Afrin. Remember Erdogan threatened to attack KRG at night, choose Kurds not Turkey. #TwitterKurds 
BBC News - Syria conflict: 15 refugees found frozen to death  this is heartbreaking - as important as Brexit is, the refugee crisis remains the biggest challenge to all of us who seek to hold values that are decent and outward looking 
This is Tiger.Tiger is son of Holly.If Tiger could talk he would say Brexit  is shit.But Tiger is a cat, so he can't talk. So I will say it on his behalf:Brexit is shit.It's a goodnight from me, and it's a goodnight from him.Brexit, what would your pet say? pic.twitter.com/jFX5FVq2Al 
Breaking News 2026:Round 16 of the post Brexit transitional extension agreement ended in chaos earlier today as a Bulgarian negotiator was said to have been driven insane. 4 previous lead negotiators resigned due to unreconcilable disagreements with UK officials. #FBPE 
CBI chief says UK must stay in EU customs union after Brexit  
Even IF @jeremycorbyn came out in support of a 2nd Referendum: it wouldn’t be enough to stop #Brexit & it would really damage Labour. Labour don’t have the numbers in Parl. & it would antagonise those who voted leave, who would then take their vote elsewhere.JC path right. 
#Labour leader @JeremyCorbyn is under huge pressure to change his policy on #Brexit following a new poll today showing that most Labour voters want Britain to permanently remain in the #EU Single Market and customs union. Share:  #FBPE 
Our present position inside the EU is far better than anything Theresa May can negotiate...that's the only fact that matters #Brexit #StopBrexit #Remain #EU #BrexitShambles #EURef #EU #FBPE #FinalSay 
Ahead of the Sunday Politics programmes, my personal assessment of Brexit thus far:It's all fucking shit. Came from shit, is shit, going to be shit. Shit, all shit. Brexshit.Stop the shit.Stop Brexshit.#StopBrexit 
Anti-Brexit protests take to the streets.Kudos to campaign groups up and down the country braving the weather to help #StopBrexit. #CanterburyFlashMob2. #StopBrexit2018. #FBPE. #WeAreTheOppositionNow. #WATON. #EUStayDays. #Remain.   
.Brexit Means...."The [whisky] sector, which employs 10,000 people across Scotland & is worth over £1.2 billion in exports, will face devastating consequences.". 
It's the UK's wealthiest elites that stand to gain from a hard Brexit. Yet Labour have become enablers by neglecting to stand against it.  
Never mind Boris’s bridge - the chaos of Brexit is the biggest monument to his folly.#StopBrexit. #FBPE. #WATON. 
If Ed Woodward negotiated Brexit, The E.U would be paying us to leave & give us Spain as a holiday home  #mufc #edwoodward 
Thanks @SkyNews for your treatment of #Spain's drastic response to the #Catalans' self-determination referendum that Spain kept refusing to allow in defiance of international law."#Hotspots: On The Frontline"#1Oct 
Damn it Brexit Britain, can you stop with the good news? It triggers those who wish the country to fail.  
Britain risks losing green protections after Brexit  
Watching the news : Reporting on Scotland from Spain #Brexit #PowerGrab #TaxReform #ScotlandinEurope  … 
Trump Ally and Brexit Champion Nigel Farage Accused of Handing Data to WIkiLeaks' Julian ... -  
Naturally some remainers want Labour to take an anti-Brexit position. But when they realise 70% of Labour's constituencies voted leave & an anti-Brexit position could ensure a Tory GE win, they pull back from pushing it. Apart from the Blairites who want us to lose the next GE. 
Andrew Lansley, Andrew Mitchell, & Peter Lilley caught in a sting showing China how to make money for Brexit.These Tories only care about filthy lucre. They have no conception at all of their responsibility for the national good.#FBPE #WATON 
If this isn’t the Brexit breaking point, nothing will be.  
Socialists are supposed to help the poor. Lifelong eurosceptic Socialists like Corbyn & McDonnell want to facilitate Brexit, devastate the UK’s capitalist economy to make the poor realise how much they really need their help. 
“Observer poll finds majority of existing and potential voters back Britain remaining in single market and customs union” & only 23% of @UKLabour members do not want a referendum on #Brexit before the UK leaves the EU.   
The most frustrating part of Brexit is a media who still seems unable to grasp the EU is a legally constructed concept built on four freedoms.If you don't accept those freedoms you cannot have full unlimited 'access' for your goods and services because you are not a member. 
Go directly to No Brexit. Do not hold another flawed referendum. Do not lie about £350m. 
No I vote with my conscience, and stand up to dogmatic idiots like you, who think people’s lives being devastated by Brexit is a price worth paying to achieve your ideology  
Mail On Sunday: Three ex-Cabinet ministers were secretly filmed discussing being paid for telling Chinese tycoons how to make money out of Brexit... #FBPE 
All you Leftys moaning and groaning out there get a grip on yourselves and get some pride and also get a bit of pride in our great country and get on with Brexit and battle for a good deal for ourselves and get it into your heads we are leaving and put some effort into it 
Boris finds a bottle on the beach and rubs it. A Genie pops out and offers him a single wish. "I want a bridge between here and France""Impossible, choose something else!""Okay, I want a simple well organized Brexit that benefits Britain"" Do you want 2 lanes or 4?" 
Referendum voters should be able to change their minds, says John Bercow  
If I can salvage one positive from Brexit, it's that it is great for heel heat in Europe. 
If only you hadn't backed Brexit John  
“ substantial majority of existing and potential Labour voters want Corbyn to back permanent membership of SM & CU. The survey by Opinium also finds that more than twice as many in this group want Corbyn to support a second referendum on the eventual Brexit deal as reject it.” 
Corbyn is behind both May and the curve on Brexit  
We have tried:-Petitioning GovernmentMarching for BrexitBombarding MPs with emails to honour the voteCivil unrest is brewing, we won’t let our nation go down & can’t wait until next election, a new leader must arise soon or Great Britain is lost like Sweden. 
This isn’t hard @jeremycorbyn - the phrase you are looking for is “on reflection we feel the best outcome for the UK would be to remain a full member of the European Union, we are sorry, Brexit is not viable”.  
We applaud the conviction to a “more open, more democratic party” with the “widest possible participation” @jeremycorbynWe back the Single Market & Customs Union at an overwhelming ratio of 4:1Frankly, we are being failed on Brexit and it must change 
Despite the strain imposed by Brexit, both countries are keen to maintain and strengthen their military links   
MAIL ON SUNDAY: Top Tories in Chinese ‘Cash for Brexit’ furore #tomorrowspaperstoday 
Venture capital funds in Britain raise lots of public money from the EU. Post-Brexit, more of that could flow to France  
This , oh yes, this  Mr Corbyn @jeremycorbyn. A loud and clear unambiguous message. The vote for @UKLabour in GE17 was to wipe out Mrs May's @theresa_may majority, it was not a vote for Brexit. Take heed.  
Interference in Ireland's abortion debate that is as unwelcome as it gets. If Verhofstadt wants a Brexit type movement to fire up in Ireland, he's in line for top recruiter. Sickeningly stupid.  
The immense risk @theresa_may takes is having 2/3rds of the population against Brexit on Brexit Day. 
One day BBC chiefs will be as shamed by their pro-Hard Brexit political presenters tailoring BBC programmes to help HB as they are of Jimmy Savile now. Like with Savile the young are paying the price for their complicity. They know what's going on & are choosing to do nothing. 
This is Brexit.  
Good to see Diane supporting Tony saying we shouldn’t rule out a Referendum on a #Brexit deal.  
Surely this should read @jeremycorbyn under pressure to form a position on #Brexit How can you shift position when you don't have one  
Many of us have been warning that intolerance of opposition to #Brexit is a threat to democracy, so it's good to see John Bercow, the Commons Speaker making exactly this point #StopBrexit #FBPE 
New poll predicts British people would vote to scrap Brexit in a second referendum  
Jeremy Corbyn under pressure to shift Labour policy on Brexit  
The naive, Pollyanna mode of Brexit in a tweet. Care more about defence, the NHS or the deficit more than the wasteful worthy-of-McDonnell pipedreams of a self-promoting blond buffoon, and you've "given up on Britain".  
This is important. The future belongs to our children - but are we in the UK looking after them, in the mesmerising lunacy of #Brexit?  …  Children are ENTITLED to better, and we must DEMAND it for them. #StopBrexit  .@Labour4EU 
James, you have a moral compass which works, unlike most. Thank you for all you do to to call out the hypocrisy and ignorance in our society, together with the utter absurdity of Brexit. You are (in Remain circles at least) a hero. #WATON #StopBrexit 
Incredible that we have a Prime Minister who still can't bring herself to say she would support Brexit but is willing to push through a hard-Brexit platform while disagreeing with it and knowing the consequences. When will she show leadership and put country before career? 
Steve Morison's favorite cheese is mild cheddar. He thinks Carling is lovely. He wants a hard Brexit. He thinks Farage "tells it like it is". He's unduly worried about halal meat. He thinks he pays too much tax, "given all the work he does" 
Very important article which blows a massive hole in the Brexiters' fantasies of an economically dynamic post-#Brexit Britain: "Leave campaigners’ visions of national renewal depend on a level of commercial vibrancy that the UK can no longer muster"  
I have to say, when I see quotes like this & May’s continued support for a Remain vote, my heart sinks .. next PM *must* be pro Brexit.  
Justine Greening was a widely respected Minister of State who stood by her principles.  The young overwhelming did NOT want Brexit. They are right to be furious that others have decided to remove their rights and opportunities, damaging their futures; their hopes and dreams  
I'm now absolutely sure that if we go ahead with Brexit it will be a great success, it will deliver jobs, internal investment, new industrial opportunities and an economic boost, mainly for France and Germany, they can't believe their luck. #FBPE 
Some facts since #Brexit vote: #UK growth lowest in G7, inflation highest in G7, £ down >15% (without big export boost), chill on inward investment, fewer EU nationals joining #NHS, weaker UK influence abroad, more civil servants hired, Good Friday Agreement in question. 
Mercer offered Farage Cambridge Analytica services *for free* to help  make Brexit happen. Mercer also had Farage work on Calexit, until the leader of Calexit, moved to Russia.   
If "we must choose between Europe and the open sea, we shall always choose the open sea”The EU is a binary choice.But outside EU commercial policy and customs union, Britain can choose to trade and cooperate both with Europe and the wider world. #Brexit #LeaveCustomsUnion 
Farage said he would return if Brexit was in danger. @Nigel_Farage well Nigel Brexit is in danger.         
No Brexit deal on financial services if UK diverges from EU, says Merkel ally: “Brexit is not part of the coalition talks. Business people [in Germany] tell us ‘please, no cherry-picking,'” 
Say what you like about Mrs Thatcher  but there is no way the Tory "vegetables" would have got away with Brexit. It just wouldn't have happened.  
McVitie’s Digestives reduce packet size because of Brexit  
'Brexit BOOM will make rejoining EU look ABSURD' Rees-Mogg LAUGHS OFF Brexit U-turn risk  
Reported incidents of racially motivated abuse and violence in Sussex rose from  1,203 to 1503 in the year after the #Brexit vote.#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit 
Three traps for the UK on the road to Brexit - must-read op-ed by George Bridges, former Brexit minister, on how the government can get its act together  via @financialtimes 
Bath's former Conservative MP Ben Howlett has blamed #Brexit for losing his seat last year to Wera Hobhouse (Lib Dem). He said fighting as a representative of the party leading Brexit was too much in a city that voted 70% Remain in the Referendum. 
At last an MP with courage and respect for democracy John Bercow  Speaker of the house states Referendum voters should be able to change their minds.  
In Zimbabwe a complete reversal of Brit-hating Mugabe's policies as new Pres Mnangagwa seeks to exploit Brexit for opportunity at UK business deals, and calls for international and, yes, European observers for this year's elections.  
Much interest at last night's meeting with Open Britain on the Brexit implications for EU citizens in the UK and UK citizens in the EU.  Ring-fencing EU Citizens' Rights in the negotiations is a priority because of the risk of no deal #FBPE #Brexit  
Spanish Interior minister's 10 lies about the Catalan referendum (with videos)  
I despaired of Newsnight before the referendum.  All entertainment and no substance.  It was a shame you were not there to question people like Hannan, Gove and Boris.  Eddie Mair did describe Boris to his face once... 
That's really neither true nor fair. I personally believe that Trump & Brexit have broken the impartiality model but that's not the BBC's fault and it's still the home of loads of the finest journalism - and journalists - in the world. 
Most Labour MPs, members and voters are unhappy with @jeremycorbyn's approach to #brexit. No wonder. Look what the party agreed democratically.Please RT and help Labour convince its leader to listen to them!  
Bercow is supposedly to be politically neutral. Here is he is more or less calling for a second EU referendum. Why then is nobody calling for him to be sacked?  
Chuka & his ilk don't respect democracy one iota! They would keep the UK voting again and again on Brexit until they get the result they want.  
Italian elections not looking good for Brussels !Lega Nord leader Matteo Salvini"EU can go f*** itself!EU has been punishing us for the last 15 years & we are worse off than 15 years ago.EU measures are the last thing I am interested in."#Brexit #EU 
Sometimes we have to        do what is right, not         what is easy. #Brexit - Leave & thrive.  
Incredibly, there are increasing signs in the United Kingdom that the disastrous Brexit vote may be heading for a second referendum before the process of withdrawal is formally complete, writes columnist Tony Burman.  
'The UK cannot be absorbed into a European state' Did Enoch Powell predict Brexit in 1975?  
More Brexit bad news for Scotland 
Britain’s tired old economy isn’t strong enough for Brexit  
Jacob Rees-Mogg urges Theresa May to install 200 pro-Brexit peers in the House of Lords to stop remainers from thwarting #Brexit.  
Is Brexit to blame for Carillion?- @DenisMacShane at @InFactsOrg.Brexit causing so much distraction that other government functions are crumbling around us.#StopBrexit. #FBPE. #WATON. 
The tragedy is that Britain IS punching below its weight. Because for decades it chose to obsess about past glory instead of building a future: be heckler rather than partner. #Brexit is the tragic natural conclusion of that mistake. Isolation never makes nations more relevant. 
"What's that Skippy? The bad guys from Brussels have a downer on us bonzer guys from down-under doing a deal with the Poms? Streuth Skip, let's do it anyway." @AusHCUK @SenPaterson Original daily #Brexit news:  
For those up early, or still awake from the night before, I'll be talking to @AndrewCastle63 on @LBC after 7am GMT tomorrow morning (Sunday) about Macron's comments on Brexit, a 'bespoke' deal and, no doubt, Cakeism. 
THIS SUNDAY: Shadow Chancellor @johnmcdonnellMP on #Carillion, Brexit and his plans for the UK Economy #marr 
WE NOW GO LIVE TO BREXIT  
Referendum voters should be able to change their minds, says John Bercow  
First @Devon4Europe street stall in Tiverton with these lovely people. Horrible weather but we still managed to sign up quite a few and there is definitely a growing consensus that Brexit is bad for Britain. #StopBrexit #WATON #FBPE 
Closed hospital childrens ward (while spending money on reserved matters)Cost Scottish police tens of millions of £Created social divisionIgnored the will of the population Argued on a settled matter (Brexit) whilst not preparing Scotland for EU exitCreated the 'Neverendum'  
Sorry now but there are obviously some people more determined to win an argument than a referendum. Spent years bemoaning the main parties for not changing their minds and now that Micheál has they're deeply uncomfortable being on the same side as him. 
Why does ANYONE pretend that Vote Leave/Brexiters care about the UK?Let’s just remind ourselves that they had NO PLAN for the UK after Brexit. None. Zilch.  Zero.So why did they want to leave? This from 24/6/16 needs another airing.@faisalislam 
Farmer saying Brexit will open up markets to Australia for milk. 1- I am sure if he wishes, he can do that already 2- Will there be any demand for Welsh milk in Australia. 3 - Love to know what the freight costs of sending milk from Wales to Australia would be. 
Pls RT and get this to 48k ASAP. Petition: Parliament's vote on the Brexit deal must include an option to remain in the EU.  
My new @theintercept interview with London mayor @SadiqKhan in City Hall, in which he attacks @realDonaldTrump for talking like ISIS and pushing the ISIS narrative. He also talks about Brexit, Islam and globalization.Read it in full here: 
I'm sick of hearing #Brexiteers bang on about the 'Will of the People.'The Universal Declaration of Human Rights defines the 'Will of the People', as that which is expressed in PERIODIC and genuine elections. Not a one-off #Referendum!Please retweet this!  
My big hope for 2018 is that the SNP stick with their current strategy guru.The SNP's goal is to turn enough no voters to win a referendum.Every move they've implemented has lost them ground.They then do more of the same.  
Brexidiots are fighting to stop us having an informed EU ref bc they know they would lose. How exactly is Brexit the 'Will of the People"? 
According to @LiamFox, "the beauty of a referendum is that every voter has an equal voice & every vote has equal weight".The ugliness of First Past the Post is that voters have unequal voices and some votes are worth many times more than others.#MakeElectionsBeautiful 
May refuses to say she'd vote to leave the EU.Is it any surprise that she's caved in to Brussels at every turn?says she would need to "sit down & look carefully at the issues".What's she been doing for the last 18months? TM does not support Brexit & cannot be trusted to deliver  
Brexit should be on CBeebies 
Post-Brexit economic success will make the idea of rejoining the EU look absurd:  
#honestpoll If a general election was called tomorrow, how would you vote and why? Please #vote and #retweet. Comments welcome. Lets get a good idea :)#brexit #nhs #uk #education #immigration #police #services#labour #conservatives #libdems 
Iran-Iraq war veteran who lost his leg in the war: “Islamic Republic is a failure, we want a referendum” #iranprotests 
The report Brexit – getting the best deal for animals was produced by 40 animal protection charities, including us and using it we hope to work with politicians and stakeholders to make the UK a world leader in #AnimalWelfare 
€272 Billion a year, worth of Tech Startup Data Transfer business could fail in event of a hard Brexit. Take a moment to let that number sink in. And that's just ONE trade sector...Former Brexit Official Says No Deal Would Be 'Disastrous' - LBC @LBC 
says a lot about referendum doesnt it  
A group of UK citizens who live in the Netherlands have gone to a Dutch court in a bid to retain their EU citizenship rights post-Brexit.  
12/ Just you wait til the UK realises how much tea it imports through Rotterdam - a tea shortage will create an irreversible momentum to halt Brexit  
Right-wing #Brexit leaders don't want Britain to take back control, they want to slash taxes, tariffs, regulations, workplace rights and welfare, thus opening up Britain to unbridled domination by the global super-rich and multinationals. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Jacob Rees-Mogg says the Brexit Boom will make wanting to rejoin the EU look absurd..Appeaser Theresa May's new appointee, David Liddington, is talking Remainer rubbish again.. 
Fighting to remain in the single market as an EEA member amounts to soft brexit with a main focus on trade. Being a European is about so much more than this. Soft brexit won't do, let's fight to remain a full member of the EU. 
.@KenRoth: "With the U.S. led by a president who displays a disturbing fondness for rights-trampling strongmen, and the United Kingdom preoccupied by Brexit, two traditional if flawed defenders of human rights globally are often missing in action."  
Tremendous work from across the @UKCivilService on the EU (Withdrawal) Bill which leaves the commons after more than 85 hours of debate, 500 amendments and 58 divisions (just 1 govt defeat). An important Bill which will provide legal certainty after Brexit @DExEUgovuk 
“It’s beyond time MPs stopped parroting this ‘The People have spoken’ nonsense and started, instead, to represent The People’s best interests.”“Brexit should be stopped. Full stop.”- Great piece by @mk1969 in @TheNewEuropean#StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON 
Referendum result on the beard is in. 51% voted fot it to leave. I am now abiding by the clear mandate of my constituents. No second referendum; no 2 year implementation delay. It's coming off!  
- 40,000* nurses short in NHS - 33,000 left in last year - more nurses leaving than joining (1st time)- 90% reduction in applics from EU nurses since Brexit ref - Jeremy Hunt’s 5000 nurses won’t cut it I’m afraid. This goes against Mid-Staffs safe staffing guidance  
'I believe what we’re saying is that we’re going to be staying in the customs union after that, @HackneyAbbott turns to her adviser to ask for help  “I think that’s what they’re saying, isn’t it?” 'Labour's Brexit confusion continues 
More and more Americans are realising they made a BIG mistake voting Trump,  just as more and more Brits can see voting Brexit was a big mistake.  Americans can break Trump in the mid-terms and WE can stop Brexit by keeping the pressure up.  
Andrew Adonis is strongly against a new party. Stay Labour. Strengthen, don’t undermine, the Labour movement in the face of Brexit & Farageism.  
"it will notify 677,775 people to let them know that they either liked, retweeted or followed Russian-linked accounts" #BRExit #theresa_may #theresamay #Remain #NHS @mrjamesob @lbc 
I have had the honour to stand alongside, meet & interview journalists facing actual tyranny often underpinned by the British state. This is despicable belittling of their plight by an MSP who I heard last yr pledge to resist Brexit as a main priority. New year, new hobby.  
'Brexit BOOM will make rejoining EU look ABSURD' Rees-Mogg LAUGHS OFF Brexit U-turn risk  
Lots of #FBPE coming at me for supporting Corbyn today, my block button is loving the attention.If you can't see the only choice to avoid a hard Brexit is Labour, try harder#JC4PM 
Important thread here. One of the most insidious elements of Brexit is the way it impacts on things we take totally for granted. Ease of movement and trade across the Channel is so ingrained that we assume it must be unbreakable. The government is breaking it.  
A tragedy of Brexit is watching great Labour colleagues, and Tories who used to be sensible on Europe, saying that black is now white & essentially lining up behind Farage, Redwood, Gove & Rees-Mogg. We simply can’t let this continue! 
We need people like Lauren calling out the reality of the #NHSCrisis. Also key to realise that the loss of vital staff isn't just because of pressure, but because of #Brexit & we haven't left yet; if we do, the impact on #NHS will be unthinkable. #FBPE #StopBrexit @keepnhspublic 
Audience venomously shouting LIAR! at Margot James at end of #bbcqt was quite extraordinary & shows, I think, that people are becoming enraged about extent of lying & dissembling by people in public office, not least re NHS & Brexit. UK is a powder keg. When will it explode?  
Polarised Britain"Was Britain right or wrong to vote to leave the EU?"By age, class, party support, etc#Brexit  
55% of students think Labour is pro-#Remain. A further 32% think Labour supports staying in the Single Market & Customs Union. 62% want a #FinalSay referendum. Whichever way it turns Labour is likely to anger a great many of its supporters.#FBPE #Brexit 
brexiter + facts = angry breakdown #Brexit #FBPE 
We know  that   why are you giving all the money to eu muppets + stalling on brexit  step down + let Rees mogg  give us a real brexit ok fed up of waiting to get out of this corrupt eu  get us out asap!        #fo2eu 
Dear Fellow UK CitsYou're not likely 2B shown these or informed of them by our own Govt...they don't want transparency as it might mean you get to know the level of their deceit & undermine their subvertion of our Democracy to force thru a failing #Brexit 
Brexit just got real  
It is very cold and wet in #Leeds today. So a round of digital applause please for the incredibly dedicated #Leeds for Europe team out fighting #Brexit again! When this battle has been won we will remember days like this.  
If Bercow wants to express political opinions and open the door to reversing #Brexit, he should take up his seat on the backbenches! 
And now, we go live to Brexit  
Interesting. Just had @UKLabour canvassers at the door, aged 18-25. Said Corbyn needs to change on Brexit. They agreed. "We all voted Remain"Only small sample, but telling. 
We are raising money to bring our installation NOT AT HOME out of the major cities and into rural towns in the lead up to the abortion referendum. Please support us by donating at this link  @ireland 
Carillion & PFI, the non-bridge to France, the future of Welsh farming, power grabs & Brexit, @steffanlewis’ continuity bill, exporting Welsh culture & declaring a war on plastics - all covered on last night’s programme, repeated today at 1.10pm on @BBCRadio4 
(not a HM, but an interesting overhear in @BalansLondon ) "My boyfriend's a lawyer in the Brexit department. He says the whole thing is a mess. People keep crying and not coming in. Then they're never seen again!" 
That there’s been more debate an SNP video #beardgate than Brexit in Scotland this week speaks volumes to lacuna at centre of Scottish politics ATM  
To treat Brexit for party political point scoring is utterly disgracefulIt is FAR more important than that.  Way above that.Brexit is an historic milestone in the future of BritainPeople of  ALL  parties voted for Brexit.  It needs to be delivered by tolerance and teamwork 
Your daily reminder that the EU's first responsibility is to protect the interests of its half a billion EU citiizens, not provide answers for the 17 million British Leavers who voted for Brexit despite having no plan.#StopBrexit 
"Once we have left #EU & have cheaper products & food, better standard of living, booming economy & world-beating City in London not hampered by bureaucratic Brussels regulations, nobody in their right mind would want to rejoin any European club!"#Brexit 
'Brexit BOOM will make rejoining EU look ABSURD' Tory Brexiteer @Jacob_Rees_Mogg LAUGHS OFF Brexit U-turn risk  
UK Fishing Stocks can NOW be Restored:"Once in a 100 years Opportunity" says 2 Top Marine Biologists.Let's get UK Fishing Again!#Brexit #EU 
The government is "systematically lying to us about #Brexit" according to @ChukaUmunna. 
#Brexit will benefit a few billionaire tax avoiders. Rest of us will be worse off in every conceivable way. Can't put it plainer than that 
No money for nurses or the NHS. But a magic money tree for Virgin/Stagecoach, Carillion, the DUP, Brexit… You’re ‘aving a larf, Mrs May. 
“Supporting Brexit will destroy UK. Opposing Brexit will destroy Tories” - said Tory MP. High time Tories put country…BEFORE THEMSELVES 
We believe Brexit risks a loss to our Human Rights, a degradation in workers rights, more austerity in our communities, a break up of our NHS, cuts in public services.It's no good opposing it for a generation after @jeremycorbyn, we must oppose it now  
"The process to confirm #citizensrights after #Brexit should just be a confirmation of identity and a proof of address showing that we are living in the UK before the cut-off date"  
In 2002 David Davis said this about referendums:"We should not ask people to vote on a blank sheet of paper and tell them to trust us to fill in the details afterwards."#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit  
At a working meeting with @the3million.We're fighting for our #citizensrights after #Brexit, the Settled status is not a solution.I don't want to lose rights that I have, get my bank account closed and become an illegal migrants due to the 10% error rate from the Home Office.  
In a visit to London this week, striking that each of my British friends in and out of government believes there is no real possibility that #Brexit can be avoided in 2019.  A sense of foreboding here that the UK’s exit from the EU will weaken it at home and abroad. 
Today is the official #CrimeaDay - on 20 January 1991 an All-Crimean referendum was held - 93.26 % of Crimeans voted in favour of the region's autonomy - first step on the long way to #Crimea's reunification with #Russia many years later in 18 March 2014 #CrimeaIsRussia 
You said there would be no election @theresa_may You changed your mindYou ran a Brexit electionYou lost your majorityYou lost your mandate You continue with your Hard BrexitYou deny people the chance to change our mindsIt is profoundly undemocratic 
The average person is suffering because of #Brexit and #Austerity, so what do double-barrel duo Rees-Mogg and Duncan-Smith focus their attention on? Offer massive tax breaks to Brexit donor multi millionaires. It amazes me that some people enter politics with this attitude. Nice. 
Just watching Sinn Feins handover of leadership....should have been starightforward, boring stuff...but oh no ! An announcement of gaining majority at next election and then demanding a REFERENDUM for re-unification. Exciting times ahead ! 
Watford today, want to see a tough performance, no fancy bullshit. Clean sheet and nice headed goal from Hard Brexit Harry Maguire will do the job. Hope Wes Morgan is back, don't like this Dronkovic fella and his passing around his own box. Dangerous! Get it walloped up the pitch 
Earlier on @LBC I asked Italian Secretary of State for the European Union Sandro Gozi whether it was politically and legally possible for the UK to change its mind on #Brexit if the deal is not what was sold to us.  
In London with @The3Million and @unisontweets to discuss how we can secure the rights of EU nationals and @BritishInEurope in Phase 2 of the #Brexit talks  
Constants attacks on the referendum result by remain are not a sign of democracy but of a vast conspiracy. They asked us what we wanted. We told them.  That was democracy. Anything to go against this is conspiring to deny the majority the result of the vote & should be illegal ! 
President Macron - You cannot by definition have full access to the single market if you don't tick the box... to get full access you need to contribute to the budget & you have to accept the 4 pillars.#Brexit #marr #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Boris Johnson's bridge hides the truth of Theresa May's humiliation by the French President:Macron rebuffs post-Brexit City deal unless UK pays into EU budget:#StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
In the same way that many Leave voters think of Brexit as a game they’ve already won: most of those will not be entertaining the prospect of handing back their “trophy*” once it’s clear that the match was rigged.*Note: unlike a trophy, Brexit is something you can’t polish. 
Quick listen to @LBC this Saturday morning. It’s embarrassing. I’ve given #lbc chance after chance to bring some balance to their broadcasting. But the anti Trump, anti #Brexit tirades continue unabated. MP @ChukaUmunna is appalling. Is he getting paid for this rubbish? 
The "Channel Bridge" was a dead cat thrown on a table to distract attention from the reality check Macron delivered about post Brexit trade. A typical #BorisJohnson trick. It worked. He thinks you're all stupid Britain. And he's no doubt sitting somewhere guffawing to himself 
Your regular reminder that Brexit means a future that relies on chlorinated chicken and holding hands with an orange fascist.  
."John Bercow, the Commons Speaker, has warned democracy is under threat & said those on the wrong side of a referendum result do NOT have to accept their case has been lost forever.". 
I agree with the Speaker of the House of Commons John Bercow, people are not bound by the outcome of one vote on one day. In a democracy, people are allowed to change their position if new facts emerge. #FBPE #Brexit 
The only sensible thing to do if you're given bad advice is to ignore it. The referendum was advisory, and #Brexit will ruin the UK for generations. We must #StopBrexit and #SaveBritain.#WATON 
So if UK Govt really want a Canada style deal a differential deal will be required for NI to preserve open border on island of Ireland, keeping them in Single Market & CU. Same deal could  apply to Scotland within UK #ScotlandsPlaceInEurope #Brexit 2/2 
It is hard to see how anyone can believe that dropping Britain into the ruthless capitalist competition of the global market outside the EU could help create a more socialist Britain. #StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
I voted for Blair and protested against the Iraq war, I voted for Corbyn and protest against Brexit. I’m doing exactly the same thing. It’s called thinking for yourself in a democracy.  
The entire ethos of empire in a picture, the same one that gave us Brexit.  
A look behind the scenes of @SkyNews coverage of the #Catalonia referendum and the violent police reaction. The 10 min film is part of a new @skyatlantic series - #Hotspots - produced by @timskynews, it’s a cracking watch.     
Billions squandered, families torn apart, jobs lost, lives destroyed, a country split in two; and for what, to keep the Tories in power for a little longer. #Leavers you need your heads examined for falling for the #Brexit con.  
Theresa May refuses to say she would vote for Brexit for the second time. I say any true and patriotic British leader will and must commit to Brexit.   
'The EU has turned UK farms into museums!' Farmer says Brexit gives his family a future.  
“The UK must understand that Brexit is not “the center of the world” for Germany & it should not expect “equal treatment” on financial services once it leaves unless it adheres to EU standards”.Elmar Brok, longest-serving MEP, & on Brexit Steering Group.  
I’m in a documentary about.. you guessed it - Brexit. Had a camera crew following me and MEPs like @SebDance around for past 9 months. Out next month on C4 I’m told   
Major projects in Wales 'are burning at the altar of Brexit'  
The derivative markets are fleeing the City of London, not because of Brexit, but because of EU regulation - MIFIID 2. March 29 2019 can't come soon enough. The City will thrive outside the EU. Read this.  
Please watch this excellent short film about the @SkyNews coverage of Catalonia’s 1st Oct referendum (via @andrewiconnell). Any doubts that rubber bullets were used by the Spanish police will also vanish, of course - as the reporters experience them first hand. 
PATHETIC: Theresa May hints she'd vote Remain if there was another EU referendum. Britain needs a Prime Minister that believes in Brexit. 
In Today's news:- Macron says Britain will get bespoke deal- Majority of Britons think UK is right to leave EU- Diane Abbott reveals confusion over Labour Brexit policyRead it all here 
The media bias against Brexit is if anything worse so far in 2018, it's becoming quite absurd and deeply unprofessional 
Excellent 10-minute film looking behind the scenes at how @SkyNews covered October's Catalan independence referendum & the extraordinary scenes of Spanish police violence.Brilliant work from @Stone_SkyNews, cameraman Ed Young & producer @bifidity. 
Scottish politics can be frustratingly bad. The quality of debate, the lack of nuance, parochialism. The independence referendum was a breath of air. Ideas, engagement, mass politics. Some hated -  prefer stale and stultifying atmosphere. Let's try to raise level again. 
French vineyard owners are apparently furious that Macron is taking such a hard line against #Brexit, fearing that it may lead to UK supermarkets buying larger quantities of "New World" wines if the EU's stance is to try and punish Britain. Macron is already losing voter support 
This is so true for Brexit too.  
EU fisheries policy has RUINED British fishermen fumes Brexit minister  
Oh you Little Englander...you have succeeded, we are smaller, diminished as we travel the road to irrelevance.. #Brexit #EU #stopbrexit #FBPE #BrexitShambles 
I've said it before and I'll say it again. We need a Prime Minister (and Opposition Leader) who believe in doing the right thing for Britain ... Brexit it ain't...  
The Telegraph is saying, in a coded way, that it thinks Brexit is a mistake. Otherwise, why report this as headline news - or at all?  
Another tragic victim of Brexit...  
Will the European Union allow the UK to change its mind at the end of the #Brexit talks if we don’t like the exit deal we are offered? I’ll be speaking to @SandroGozi, Italy’s Secretary of State for EU affairs, at 11am on my @LBC show today. Join me by calling 0345 6060 973 
The idea of a Government shutting down & recovering is pretty much unheard of outside of the US. When that happens in Canada it immediately triggers fresh elections essentially a public referendum on the #PrimeMinister #GovernmentShutDown #VoteOfNonConfidence 
David Lidington said the same yesterday - if we leave the EU, the big question for the next generation will be to go back in again. But because younger voters will vote as never before in the coming referendum, we probably won't now leave!  
The Lyeux Tapestry, being a true history of #Brexit (unlike that horrific propaganda piece in the Sun ...) #StopBrexit #BayeuxTapestry #Remain #EU #FBPE #ABTV #WATON 
What have the Brexit Taliban got against British jobs? Why do they want to strip us of single market access.  
There is little doubt that I’ve better things to do than listen to a lecture from President Macron on BBC Marr on Sunday on what UK can do & can’t do post BREXIT when there has not been one semblance of an effort to negotiate anything. Sunday football on Wormwood Scrubbs beckons! 
Tom Brake MP: wise words from the Speaker, who is a staunch defender of our democracy. One vote on one day, in one year, by a small majority cannot bind the British people for eternity. The public is entitled to change its mind on an issue as serious as Brexit.#FinalSayForAll 
'Stop the Brexit sabotage' Rees-Mogg calls for 200 new Tory peers to halt Lords rebellion  
“The majority of the UK are utterly devastated by Brexit.....” This is what happens when you think your echo chamber is representative of society.  
French President, Emmanuel Macron, yesterday told Prime Minister, Theresa May, something she already knows but strangely doesn’t want us to know: To secure single market access after Brexit, Britain must pay into the EU budget and accept EU laws  
Democracy doesn't stop in an instant - the Brexit vote was close & arguments have continued as more information comes out. It is right, proper & democratic to do so - & to have another vote. The UK is divided yet the Tories are driving through a Hard extreme Brexit #StopBrexit 
For their base this is a demonstration of fealty. It’s what they voted for: punishing and expelling “illegals” (and of course building a wall to literally lock the “undesirables” out). It’s pure American Brexit. Raw xenophobia and demographic panic.  
It's time to stop using £3bn for Brexit Nick while people are on trolleys in hospitals waiting for a bed.It's time to stop this Nick.This is not "strong and stable" Nick.It is a weak, directionless disaster happening before you while you perform your glorious Brexit.  
I thought Corbyn liked grass roots democracy ? Well, more than half Labour supporters oppose Brexit.  
did Paddington vote for Brexit 
It wasn’t the “will of the British people” though was it? It was the will of Murdoch, Dacre, Lord Rothermere & Barclay Bros, who poisoned discourse & spread propaganda for their own tax-evasion reasons. If you think you’ll benefit from Brexit you’re going to be sadly disappointed 
VOTER; Hi, I voted for Brexit. How’s it going?GOVT; I’m afraid it’s going to end up a shambles.VOTER; I didn’t vote for that. GOVT; Perhaps, but that’s what you’re getting, and if you don’t like it you can f**k off!(Yes, that’s the current position of both Tories and Labour) 
EU8: Number of voters who see advantages in European membership of their country has significantly increased in comparison to 2015 (pre-Brexit) (policy matters poll).Sample Size: 6,000+Field Work: 05/05/17-10/06/17#EuropeanUnion #Brexit  
EU8, policy matters poll:European Union integrationFurther integration: 61%More power to the nation state: 29%Sample Size: 6,000+Field Work: 05/05/17-10/06/17#EuropeanUnion #Brexit  
Dear British patriots, Brexit = Isolationism This never, ever works. For anything. Full engagement is the answer. Thanks means re-taking our place as *leaders* in the EU. 
Absolutely. You only have to watch John Major at the Leveson trial ( On Youtube ) to realise May is a puppet of Murdoch when it comes to the EU. he tried to get JM to agree to a referendum.  
WE HAVE BEEN BETRAYED !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Regulatory alignment is not Brexit.   Please sign and retweet this petition to leave the EU immediately. 
Marxists don’t give a damn what the people or the constitution say. Bolivia said no in a referendum to another term for Evo Morales but he is doing it anyway. Communists are not ousted electorally nor peacefully  
The Brexit plot thickens.  
'Stop the Brexit sabotage'@Jacob_Rees_Mogg  calls for 200 new Tory peers to halt Lords rebellion  @theresa_may 
Speaker John Bercow is right to say democracy is dynamic and to condemn the dictatorship of the majority. #Brexit is an affront to Parliamentary Democracy and here’s why  
Just spoke to the nicest elderly woman. She saw my anti-Brexit t-shirt, she really loved the campaign. Great woman.  But she referred to black people as colouredLesson: Learned behaviours don't make someone a bad person.(To my shame, I didn't have the heart to correct her) 
The #Brexit saga has revealed significant weaknesses in our democratic institutions.If we can get past this debacle, hopefully there can be a X-party consensus (at least among the non-fanatics) for strengthening checks & balances and accountability.  
What I’m saying is simply this: We now know Russian disinformation was substantially larger and more impactive than ever previously admitted, and that points of denial as regards activity also affecting Brexit just got kicked into the long grass and died screaming. 
The Tories are coming for your workers rights. You were warned pre Brexit. The nightmare is just beginning......! 
I hope @DamianCollins gets to the bottom of how many Bots were involved in EURef. Given Trump called himself Mr #Brexit and Breitbart called Britain a 'Petri dish' for the US elections, I'm guessing, a lot.  
."The UK government has also requested that Facebook investigate whether Russia used it to seed propaganda ahead of the country's vote on leaving the EU, popularly known as Brexit.". 
'The EU has turned UK farms into MUSEUMS!' Farmer says Brexit gives his family a FUTURE    
According to Fusion GPS founder Glenn Simpson, Trump-loving #Brexit bigot Nigel Farage handed WikiLeaks’ Trump-loving Putin-puppet Julian Assange ‘a thumb drive’ of data during secret meeting  
I started using twitter recently as a result of Brexit.  It's taken me a while to 'get it' but now I love how it keeps me up to date with all that is going on in the UK and I love the wonderful people that it has put me in touch with.  #stopbrexit #FBPE #WATON #NHSLove Thankyou! 
Our so called PrImeminister still won't say she would vote Brexit what the hell is she doing leading us out fot God's sake get the rebellion going on the backbenches and get someone in who is a Brexiter anybody who got the will of the people at heart no good having a non believer 
His business is in the City and getting call -outs.He told me that the banks were leaving and things were slow."Now, I just  "rank up' " he sad, (Wait at stations.)Ideologues-no matter where on the  political spectrum, always cause#CollateralDamage.#Brexit#Lexit 
My point: Leave keeps saying "17Million" as if 16Million didn't vote Remain. We aren't leaving because of 17 Million. We're leaving because of the 1.3 millon surplus Leave has, which amounts to 3.8% of those who voted, in a referendum we know had major lies and exaggerations. 
Asked a  #London cabbie  why he  voted #Brexit (I didn't even ask him if he had. I knew. )Said he just wanted to protest everything. He was fed up. But he wasn't sure now  that he made the right gesture.I thanked him for  his candour. 
This is why you can't have a serious discussion about Brexit with Leavers. They are still saying Brexit will be easy.  
It is ironic that the nationalist #Brexit right are supporting the project of a super-rich elite whose aim is to reduce the nation state to a shell, leaving us in the hands of a wholly stateless plutocratic kleptocracy.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
So we are leaving only to rejoin. Brexit means ... Reverse Brexit!  
The majority believe that the country was right to vote for Brexit for the first time in six months.A new poll by YouGov found that 45 per cent of people think Britons were right to vote to leave the European Union, up three per cent. 
Retrospective tax breaks for wealthy referendum campaign donors.Just wrong. #StopBrexit. #FBPE. #WATON. 
It seems I have followed a few accounts from a vetted list using #FBPE but who are actually pro Brexit. Welcome anyway to the kinder, more open and tolerant side of the Brexit debate. 
Britain has appointed a minister for loneliness amid growing isolation. Important, but not to be confused with the Brexit minister. Otherwise easily done.   
Scottish taxpayers will fund the tuition fees of EU students after Brexit despite the SNP previously pleading with Brussels for powers to charge them £9,000 a year to curtail “academic tourism”  
WATCH: UK gift Macron $62 million, but it doesn't buy #Brexit love  via @ReutersTV 
A worrying reminder that Remainers still dominate the government > Britain could one day join a reformed EU, hints Theresa May's de facto deputy David Lidington  #Brexit 
More than 160,000 people living in Northern Ireland and Britain applied for Irish passports in 2017 in a bid to remain European citizens after Brexit 
Interesting graphic showing what many of us know, that the #Remain/#Leave divide is on the authoritarian/libertarian axis, not the left/right one. Hence the divisions in our political parties and the fraught & angry communications between the two sides.#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit  
Crumbs. 'Seven fewer' McVitie's Digestives in packs because of Brexit.Brexit takes the biscuit. Indigestible. #StopBrexit. #FBPE. #WATON. 
No Brexit trade deal means Dutch economy will pay HUGE price for Brexit  
Nicola Sturgeon’s brief post-Brexit spike in popularity was a mere blip in an otherwise uninterrupted downward trajectory. The hope continues to drain inexorably from the Yes movement. #brexit #snp 
It was my first vote. I cast it with pride. Still proud of his legacy for our country and continued opposition to Brexit.  
And 16.1 Million voted Remain. So what you mean to say is that a population the size of Birmingham voted Brexit, and that the entire future of the country is being dictated by them. #Maths 
No passNo tactical voteOnly anti brexit parties will get my vote.I care not if an MP happens to support remain. Until the party changes it's manifesto it is meaningless and my vote will not support a pro brexit party ever again.#FBPE #StopBrexit #brexit #ABTV 
This is a petition we really should be pushing - it's stuck around 47k:Parliament's vote on the #Brexit deal must include an option to remain in the EU.If you've signed and RT'd already - please RT again.#StopBrexit #FBPE #ABTV #WATON 
You're telling me that a Brexit supporting newspaper hadn't managed to come up with any indication that people want Brexit FOR SIX MONTHS!? Thanks Nigel!!  
To media Don't compare Scottish economic growth to tepid Brexit UK.Compare Scottish economic growth to independent Ireland.That will give a better impression of what could be. Thanks 
Britain should be "bold" in Brexit talks, Gina Miller says  
"Free speech is a cornerstone of our-----wait a minute, that person is questioning Brexit! Treason! TREASON! TREASON! MAKE THEM SUFFER!"  
It should be noted Bobby Aylward was FF candidate in Carlow/Kilkenny on day of #marref referendum. He refused to call for Yes vote or have FF canvassers wear Yes badge. This is how backward many TDs are. It'll be movement that will win #repealthe8th & not politicians #dubw 
“The Lib-Dems, a party with a dozen MPs and 100 in the House of Lords can block the decision of 17.4 million people. Now that’s corruption” #Brexit  
Interesting piece from a #leave voter who would like a chance to reconsider #brexit :  
Our rights to a private life, to freedom of speech, to equality provisions and employment rights are put at risk by Brexit. When they are at risk for a generation after Brexit, there can be only one response from the British Labour Party.Oppose Brexit. 
Spanish Interior Minister’s 10 lies on the referendum they failed to prevent (despite having squandered 87 million euros) @EUPARTYEFA  
Mcvitie's announce a packet of Digestives will be smaller because of Brexit. Brexiters lose their mind.  
Quel surprise. We did warn you the referendum would lead to this. #fbpe 
James Ball gives a quick dummies guide to trade within Brexit, as it appears that there are plenty of dummies who need it.  
Behind the scenes on our Catalan referendum coverage & the Spanish police violence that symbolised it. Check out our excellent programme #Hotspots tonight at 9pm on @SkyNews 
Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar said he expected the wording of the referendum on the 8th amendment to be made public "in a matter of weeks".  
David Cameron plunged us into a disastrous referendum as he was terrified of this lot, now they’ve all but imploded out of existence  
Labour are beìñg urged to clarify their policy as a new poll finds that more than half of their voters oppose the Labour leadership's backing of Brexit. 
A great review of @ShippersUnbound's fantastic book, Fall Out. [One big takeaway from the book is that the historic decision that Brexit = hard Brexit was effectively made by one person - Nick Timothy. Not the Cabinet, not Parliament and most certainly not 'the people'].  
Just think, some of the people who negotiated PFI contracts will now be negotiating Brexit. #bbcAQ 
McVitie's Digestives will have fewer biscuits in the packets - because of Brexit. Packs will be reduced from 500g to 400g in reaction to increased costs caused by the value of the £Pound. Pretty sure that wasn't on the side of a bus... #BrexitBiscuits #BiscuitGate #StopBrexit 
'We should NOT be friendly to EU!' New Brexit minister & lawyer Suella calls for the UK to get tough with EU. “I don’t think negotiations are supposed to be friendly...I was a lawyer for ten years...The client here is the British people."  
Another suggestion for a commemorative Brexit stamp.  
Personally, I don't give a fig how May regards Brexit. I do care that she and her team get on and deliver the verdict of the people as promised by her predecessor as PM, Cameron. We must leave the EU. And, when we do, no longer be a subject of that bureaucratic monster. 
WATCH | May pretends she'll deliver Brexit but this isn't the first time she's refused to say she supports it.She says she would need to "sit down and look carefully at the issues" before backing independence. What exactly has she been doing for the last eighteen months?   
George Osborne trying to overturn #Brexit by frightening people with biscuits. #McVitie's #digestives ....  
Once again Theresa May refuses to say she'd vote to leave the European Union. Is it any surprise that she's caved in to Brussels at every turn?She does not support Brexit and she cannot be trusted to deliver the will of the British people.  
In 2017, a referendum moved Turkey to a presidential system, the most significant change to its political institutions in decades. The vote took place under a state of emergency & under heavy media censorship, with many journalists in jail.  #Rights2018 
Once we’ve stopped Brexit I shall be maintaining my #FBPE suffix and rebranding it: Finding the Best People Easily. You really are a wonderful bunch. Perhaps even the mythical “one good thing about Brexit”. 
According to top-level Bloomberg economists the most basic free trade deal with EU would bring in over £40 billion to the UK in 3 yrs but of course the traitorous scum bags that are attempting to reverse Brexit would rather be part of a German super state 
#marr with the President of France @EmmanuelMacron on Brexit, Donald Trump, China, leadership and more. 9am BBC1, Sunday.  
Macron arives in London Tells the UK the brutal truth: no deal for financial services.Brexit exposed as a lie.Johnson panics. Floats ludicrous wheeze of a  cross-Channel bridge.Media lead on bridge.Another lie sucessfully planted.Job done for Johnson. 
Is nothing sacred?!Now Brexit is taking our digestive biscuits?!? #biscxuit 
Never forget. When Cameron declared ‘Whatever you decide, we will implement it’ he was in breach of his constitutional authority. The narrow outcome of the advisory referendum required thoughtful reflection not hard-headed #Brexit. 
WATCH: UK gift Macron $62 million, but it doesn't buy #Brexit love  via @ReutersTV 
Macron suggests Brexit can be stopped - and warns of consequences if we press on. Forget Bayeux tapestry and Boris Bridge. That is the message to heed 
One thing we need to clean up is the utter corruption of our politics by big money. Large political donations from individuals and organisations should be absolutely illegal. The present situation is legalised political corruption.#StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
“If the UK thought last year was tough, you better batten down the hatches, this year will be much, much more difficult” @MaireadMcGMEP tells @Jo_Coburn   “Not something I want to say, but sometimes you have got to speak the truth.” #bbcdp #FBPE #Brexit  
Have a great weekend ... Just like these two kipper love birds #FBPE ukip bankrupt, brexit failing, morally bankrupt. Made me LOL X  
Our Prime Minister facing the President of France with a Brexit backdrop was so shameful that BoJo was willing to propose something as stupid as a bridge by way of misdirection. If Brexit actually comes to pass, be prepared to see him with his pants on his head saying, “wibble”. 
.@jo_coburn shockingly patronising @MaireadMcGMEP  Coburn has little understanding of Ireland's close and equal relationship with the EU #FBPE #bbcdp #Brexit  @daily_politics 
Theresa May refuses to say she would vote for BrexitTime we had a Brexiteer as PM, Jacob Rees-Mogg!  
Record numbers applied for 'EU passports' last year in a bid to remain EU citizens after Brexit.  
Had an amazing time discussing environmental policy with Sir John Randall and @michaelgove in 10 Downing Street - badger culling, brexit, hen harriers and the 25 year plan among other things. No sighting of Larry the Cat, unfortunately.  
.Brexit BritainSmallerWeakerPoorer. 
The UK people involved in delivering  #Brexit to the Brits is the same group that brought us Trump. Brexit was the trial run.  
A #BrexitStamp for the higher food prices and lower standards, as Brexit means tariffs on food from abroad and less stringent checks on imports. If you had a Brexit postcard for your Brexit stamp what would you write? #WATON #BrexitStamps 
The tale of "I'm alright Jack" and the Brexit Beanstalk:One day leave voters were given a promise that all their dreams would come true, all they need to do was plant a cross on a ballot paper.Despite the promise, the Brexit Beanstalk never delivered, instead it withered & died 
“We must respect the referendum result.” FGS, we are not talking about a vote to go on a picnic in the rain for a couple of hours, we are talking about the most damaging event to befall our country in living (and dead) memory.#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
A #BrexitStamp to represent our aviation industry, as Brexit takes away our open skies and brings massive delays and hikes on flight prices. If you had a Brexit postcard for your Brexit stamp what would you write? #WATON 
Right, this weekly newsletter won't write itself. Think it's going be that - in age of Napoleon Macron - it is becoming clear that might as well be a hard/clear Brexit for the City. Do our own regulation. Welcome all, within the law. 
I particularly enjoyed the ninny whose suggestion is that everyone switches their custom away from a British company to German discount supermarkets, because that will show anti-Brexit propaganda. Go Team Britain!  
McVities announce rising ingredient costs and poor exchange rate post-Brexit means they have to reduce digestives packet size. Cannot stop laughing at Brexiter reaction.  
Celebrate Brexit! #Brexitstamps 
Am pretty sure that by 2108 the history books will summarize Brexit as: "an utter wankstain of an egomaniacal politician called Boris took a sledgehammer to British foreign affairs in an attempt to crawl into 10 Downing Street over the pile of rubble." 
Mrs May has never believed in Brexit. How can we achieve real independence with someone who feels “European” at the helm. I feel English and I demand our freedom from the undemocratic EU superstate !   
We have over 1000 @Reasons2Remain in the #EU with more being added every day. The reasons are compelling and convincing. In contrast, there are NO valid reasons for #Brexit. Not one. Please share our reasons far and wide. Link:  
An important week in terms of debating the future of the 8th amendment. Hope tone continues like this. Realities facing Irish women need to be addressed & we need a referendum this summer. Huge credit & gratitude to @campaignforleo for making this a clear priority from Day 1 
She's leading us into Brexit because you lied to 17 Million people.Just because you lied then, doesn't mean she should lie now. 
I’ve said it before and I’ll say it again. We need a Prime Minister who believes in Brexit.  
And this is the central problem. I no longer trust the House of Commons over #Brexit. Both major political parties have disgraced themselves since the 2016 #EURefWhy should we trust these incompetent politicians to make the right decision to #StopBrexit in the public interest? 
51% of British population say they don’t want a second Brexit referendumBut51% woud vote to stay in the EU in the case of a second referendum pic.twitter.com/40YgS00y09 
There are not many overt racists on Twitter these days, but there are a lot of far-right Islamophobes. Let's be clear about this, Islamophobia is just racism repackaged in a way which makes it look less socially unacceptable. #StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
What a load of nonsense. Alas, it won’t be the last of these type of things we hear. Companies will just blame Brexit in order to get themselves off the hook wherever possible...Don’t be fooled by it.  
When Prospect asked Diane Abbott about Labour’s Brexit policy, she said: ‘we’re going to stay in the single market & customs union during the transition; we’re going to be staying in the customs union after that.’ Another change in policy 
No Brexit was...  
.@Nigel_Farage being interviewed outside Parliament today. Steve found it difficult to contain himself. Not easy given that he came face to face with the man responsible for this #Brexit mess and who says he will 'Pick up a rifle' if it is not delivered. #StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON 
We’ll be talking #Brexit from 10am tmr on my @LBC show. If we change our minds on #Brexit, is it true we will be welcomed back with open arms? Italy’s Secretary of State for EU affairs @SandroGozi will be joining me. 
Just watched the #Darkesthour, if you’re one of those people who believes the #UK should be a suburb of a United States d Europe and wants to be ruled by a unelected quango from Belgium this won’t be the film for you. #Brexit 
There's a saying which goes: "Don't chase your losses" and it's very apt when it comes to Brexit. To let our politicians take action based on non-existent impact assessments and rush it through with a few days debate is absurd. #StopBrexit #WeAreTheOppositionNow #FBPE #WATON 
New: was Britain right or wrong to vote for Brexit?Right: 45% (+3)Wrong 44% (-2)The first time since July 2017 that "right" has been aheadDon't knows excludedYouGov Jan 16-17 2018 
The Bank of England’s anti-Brexit bias endangers its credibility  
This really takes the biscuit: 'Seven fewer' digestives in packs due to Brexit 
Dunk this in your fucking tea! Yeah that's fucking right, prices aren't all going up, package sizes are getting fucking smaller. Brexit means less for your fucking money. Still, Blue fucking passports right? Digestives 
Juncker during the 60th anniversary of EU Founding Treaty of Rome: "We... reaffirm our commitment to our undivided and indivisible union."Undivided and indivisible!How many cognacs does it take to forget what's happening in Poland, Hungary and even Britain?#Brexit #Polexit 
A useful list  by @EleanorBlueman of percentage of times individual Labour MPs have rebelled against Corbyn on #Brexit. Let's give our wholehearted support to the main rebels and encourage the others. #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit #ABTV 
There I was, closing off a crazy Brexit week in my latest #TanjasDaily ... only to learn of one of the biggest whoppers yet a short while later  MPs on both sides back tax break for referendum campaign donors  
A Corbyn led Labour Party unable and unwilling to find a compromise with the Pro-EU parts of their own party on Brexit is clearly one that could never Govern with the pragmatism required to be a success. #finalsay 
Justine Greening speaks the Brexit truth that few Tories will admit  
65% of Labour voters voted for Brexit93% of Labour MPs just voted to HALT BrexitOut of touch???#NationalPopcornDay #GreenwichBizAwards #ChangeAWordRuinABook Ja Rule #BorisBridge @TookEnglandBack @KeithMuray 
Do you think Boris only backs vanity projects when there is an easy alliterative opportunity? Bridges, buses, bikes - it's probably the only reason he decided to support Brexit. 
For the first time since August "right to leave" has lead in YouGov's Brexit tracker.In hindsight was referendum result right or wrong?: Right 45%+3Wrong 44% -2 
#Brexit is that toxic acquaintance who is always stealing your time and energy, constantly dragging you down. A black hole that indiscriminately absorbs everything caught in its field. The only solution is to get rid. #StopBrexit #WATON 
‘55 per cent (of students) thought that Labour wanted the UK to remain in the European Union, and 58 per cent thought that this was Mr Corbyn’s position.’ Labour and Jeremy Corbyn need to come clean with students over their position on Brexit.  
The real crime, Monsieur Macron, isn't Brexit — but beating up Britain over it  
I’m so excited that @_abbylouisee_ has decided to #ElectEda for NEC Youth Rep! She like me understands the importance of fighting against this Tory hard Brexit and securing rights of workers and freedom of movement   
British Digestives biscuit lovers hit by Brexit-linked slump in the pound... as packets shrink  
If parliament is going to back date the tax exemption to a date before the referendum, how about giving ex-pats, EU citizens resident in the UK, and 16 &17 year olds the vote and back dating that too, with a partial re-run of the referendum just for them. Would seem more logical.  
"As it becomes increasingly obvious that the vision of Brexit sold to the British people is undeliverable, everyone has the right to keep an open mind." @IanMurrayMP for @TheStaggers 
"This takes the biscuit. No wonder the latest polls shows support for hard Brexit is crumbling, as the consequences of the post-Brexit fall in the value of the £ become increasingly hard to digest."And more dreadful puns in our reaction to this story... 
Right that is the straw that broke the camel's back, now your messing with my tea and biscuits. Sod this #StopBrexitMcVitie's Digestives packets to shrink by seven biscuits due to rising costs post- #Brexit #fbpe #BrexitShambles #WATON 
Justine Greening really is a silly girl. Of course if Brexit didn’t “work for young people”, it wouldn’t work at all.  But we wanted it, and we voted for it, because it will work for all of us — and for young people most of all. 
How can anyone on the left claim to support workers while simultaneously supporting free movement of labour?! It saturates the lower end of the job market and drives down wages. Brexit should mean more money in workers' pockets, Labour should be in favour! 
Tired of #Brexit ? Heard too much about the #BayeuxTapestry ? Look no further! A refreshing book about French and British killing each other. Available now :  
@SkyNews: "'Seven fewer' McVitie's Digestives in packs because of Brexit". Project Fear has gone too far this time... 
Brexit won't last another 12 months. It's already failed. The only two people propping it up are Jeremy Corbyn and Theresa May. 
Your bullshit-free guide to the next 12 months of Brexit  
I'm going to be quite boring but there is already a proposed bridge between post-Brexit UK and the EU that could do with support. Its at Carlingford Lough between Counties Down and Louth. It is just about still alive in planning... 
Diane Abbott’s Brexit confusion – part II  
Worth watching this conversation between @OwenJones84 and @mikegalsworthy. People are entitled to keep an open mind about #Brexit. We should keep all options on the table.   
Rubbish, all the chocolate bars have been shrinking for years before Brexit. It's nothing more than profiteering. 
.@WeyandSabine walked us up and down the famous #Brexit staircase in today's meeting  
The need for a considerable reduction in long-term EU net migration was very much at the heart of the Brexit vote. That fact needs to be at the heart of any future immigration proposals, says @AlpMehm 
Having read Alex Cole-Hamilton's letter, the "OFCOM Broadcasting Code", and the, "Ofcom rules on Party Political and Referendum Broadcasts", I'm fairly confident he's only read one out of the three. 
WATCH: UK gift Macron $62 million, but it doesn't buy #Brexit love  via @ReutersTV 
The Channel Bridge is Boris's dead cat to distract us from the fact Macron just pissed on his post Brexit financial services access chips.When ever Boris says something outrageous like "puffed up popinjay" or "£350 was to little" look for what he's trying to distract from 
Military ties between Britain and France will not be shaken by Brexit  
Both Tory and Labour Brexit meanLeaving the Single MarketLeaving the Customs UnionStopping Freedom of Movement (meaning only a Canada Deal is possible)Having a Transition period of two years from March 2019The ‘access’ ‘jobs first’ ‘deep & special’ Is bullshit. 
#BrexitStamps: The sarcastic commemorative Brexit stamps of Twitter  
There is no difference between Tory Brexit and Labour Brexit as it stands.That is actually a fact. 
In preparation to the next phase of the Brexit negotiations, the3million has written a joint letter with @BritishInEurope to @eucopresident President Tusk outlining our concerns and expectations for #citizensrights going forward. Read in full here  
TORY Brexiteer @SuellaFernandes  vowed to pursue a tough line for the British people in the Brexit debate and called for the UK to stop being “nice” to Brussels.   
The report Brexit – getting the best deal for animals was produced by 40 animal protection charities, including us and we plan to use it work with politicians and stakeholders to make the UK a world leader in #AnimalWelfare  @LeaguePolitical @ALAWAnimalLaw 
This is grotesque - the zillionaires on either side should not be getting a retroactive tax break on their referendum donations.MPs on both sides back tax break for referendum campaign donors 
As a cross-Channel commuter, I'd love a new crossing. But here's a list of things that would help more:- Stopping Brexit- Improving UK road infrastructure- Improving UK rail infrastructure- Stopping Brexit- B Johnson having nothing to do with it- Stopping Brexit 
The public could soon wind up subsidising immensely wealthy referendum donors, explains @JolyonMaugham 
McVitie's Digestives packets to shrink by SEVEN biscuits due to rising costs post-Brexit  
The Bank of England’s anti-Brexit bias endangers its credibility. The bank’s forecasts were so far adrift as to be embarrassing, argues Paul Marshall  
Do people who support Brexit hate Macron because they wanted Le Pen to win and the EU to fall apart?Are they scared that we will be locked out now and that Brexit will be a disaster? Just asking.. 
The French cannot possibly close the Channel Tunnel as the Normans will need it to lead the invasion of Brexit Britain by the European Army supported by 1.5 million Turks. 
The costs of Brexit are mounting - fast. It's yet another sign that Theresa May's Conservatives are badly bungling Brexit:  
(Many of you won't like this but it needs to be said)A soft Brexit where we remain in the Single Market but without a say over its laws is not a sustainable future. We are where we are because many people wanted more sovereignty, not less. We'll only end up right back here later 
Psst. Boris Johnson is “taking one for the team” (Team Brexit): making a twat of himself with the bridge to distract from Macron’s clear message that UK cannot have cake & eat it. That’s why pro-Brexit papers & BBC all over it. #BorisBridge #DeadCat #BrexitShambles #BeMyGuest 
Wait...what? We could have had a blue passport all along! This is Croatia's EU passport. The Brexit Taliban just needed to stop moaning and get on with it.   Sloppy Brexit thinking defined. #FBPE #Remain #bluepassport #WATON 
The Mayor of our capital city - London - should be someone who respects the will of the Great British Public. Sadiq Khan's continuous scaremongering in an attempt thwart Brexit shows he does NOT have the best interests of our country at heart! 
Just in: Ugandan Cabinet has approved referendum. Uganda to go to the polls again, this time to decide on the extension of Presidential term from 5-7 years.  #NBSUpdates 
#Remain or #Brexit , we'll still have an #NHSCrisis , still have a #socialcare crisis , #HousingCrisis  & still be ripped off by Corporates overcharging us for essentials like Heating,Transport,etc. & putting the profits of the few B4 the needs of the many. We need Corbyn#JC4PM 
'We should NOT be friendly to EU!' New Brexit minister calls for UK to get tough with EU  
Remainers are obsessed with:Protecting our tradeProtecting the economyProtecting public financesProtecting public services and the NHSProtecting JobsProtecting the environmentMaintaining our international soft power.By stopping Brexit.#WATON 
Austerity, Brexit, the rise of the far right, homelessness, mental health, the NHS.But leave it to the Lib Dems to raise the REALLY important matters, like whether the SNP are lampooning David Torrence. 
Sturgeon says Britain must stay in EU Customs Union, which bans us from striking our own trade deals.70% of Scottish Whisky exports are to non-EU countries.Sturgeon, why not support the UK Govt's focus to #LeaveCustomsUnion and strike global trade deals instead?#Brexit  
@theresa_may @David_Cameron You gave votes in the referendum to racists like this. You are responsible for the increased level of hatred in our country. I can’t imagine that you are proud, or do neither of you care? And Theresa, call yourself a Christian? Your actions are not. 
Over half the electorate believe #Brexit to be a mistake, and yet that opinion is barely represented in Parliament, and by neither of the two main party leadershipsOur country is suffering from a massive democratic deficit.#WATON #StopBrexit #FBPE #ABTV 
Again disturbing when you get the honest appraisal from the EU Parl & utter Bluff, Bluster & BS from our own...their democratic systems seem to be producing better quality & more transparency than ours!Binding #FinalSay in 2018 to Confirm #Brexit or #StopBrexit#WATON#FBPE 
Good stuff as ever from @IanDunt. As he says, we're engaged in a "battle for specificity": "The more specific [the Brexit agreement] is, the more people on either side will fall away."  
McVitie’s Digestives reduce packet size because of Brexit  
Theresa May's key Brexit law is about to face its toughest battle in Parliament - and Labour's @LadyBasildon is vowing to re-write it  
This is absolutely essential viewing, not only as @guyverhofstadt throws shade at Farage, Gove and May, but because he tells the reality of Brexit & it differs considerably from the delusions of our Gov't. @W_A_T_O_N @LordsEUCom #StopBrexit #WATON #FBPE 
The digestive that broke brexit's back. This is a step too farMcVitie's Digestives packets to shrink by seven biscuits due to rising costs post-Brexit  
Caller challenges negativity surrounding Brexit by telling @mrjamesob things won't get better, but it's not as bad as everybody says  
MUST-WATCH: last night, on French2 TV, Theresa May refused to commit to voting Leave if there was another referendum.Theresa May has chosen to keep an open mind on Brexit as the new facts come to light. Why shouldn’t the rest of us do the same?  
Tory MPs in constituencies with more than 55% Remain votes (via @Card5hark - updated).These are the Tories we should put maximum pressure on.#StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE #BrexitShambles 
(1)There is no doubt that,had a referendum been held in 1706,most Scots would have said 'No' to a Union with England.The extent of opposition isn't hard to judge, even pro-unionists admitted that as many as 8 or 9 out of 10 Scots disliked the proposal.AntiUnion petitions flooded 
There have been plenty of academic inquiries as to why working class people might have voted for #Brexit as though it were some kind of national emergency, but no inquiry as to why the urban middle classes have such a fear of democracy. Surely a more disturbing trend. 
My cartoon Friday @TheTimes on the entente cordiale. Not. The real balance of power (and you can forget that special trade deal....) #Macron #Brexit  
-ISIS-Hashd al shaabi-No salary, no money at all-All neighboring countries against us-A failed referendum-Blockaded by the central government-Lost Kirkuk in a matter of hours-Earthquakes-Drought-terrible electricity-sand stormAnd we are still as chill as ever 
Dear @jeremycorbyn I saw your manifesto, it was great and I liked most of it.It was costed, that was great.Problem is, that money is draining out fast.You know why?Brexit.You can't have Brexit and your manifesto.Heck, right now, we've lost so much money, neither works. 
This is the message UK is sending out to Europe - after Brexit you're no longer welcome here. Shameful. And yet Govt talks about Brightest & Best coming here - Why would they want to come here with that 'welcome' ?? 
Owen Jones meets Mike Galsworthy - demonstrating how to have a discussion about Brexit whilst remaining polite!  via @YouTube 
But if we spend lots of money on a bridge to pretend we think Brexit will work out fine, what will happen to the £350m a week for the NHS? #clown #liar #hyprocrite 
Amazing. Perm Sec at Defra writes to Gove saying she need order in writing as Accounting Officer for Dept to spend millions of taxpayer's money on Brexit projects  @GeorgeWParker @GuardianHeather @SamCoatesTimes @pmdfoster @BBCNormanS @MichaelLCrick 
#FBPE #StopBrexitThe 22 basic Brexit questions that Leavers need to answer  
"We need better links with Europe" - so let's leave the EU, push for a hard Brexit, blame Europe for practically everything and then say "we need better links".....  
I had a great conversation with @Andrew_Adonis about Brexit, a new referendum, leadership and the right to change your mind @ilfoglio_it 
brexit is the only thing that matters part 721  
We are getting ever closer to a situation in which #Brexit is forced through against the will of the majority. How would that be democratic! #StopBrexit #FBPE #FinalSay #BrexitShambles 
The SNP pleaded with Brussels for power to charge EU students £9,000 per year tuition fees and wanted to discourage "academic tourism" from Europe, documents reveal. But ministers then reversed position after Brexit vote.  
I follow @LibDems @TheGreenParty @Labour4EU & @NoBrexitTories, how's that for non partisanship?Because Brexit is the single most important & damaging, but not inevitable, thing to potentially devastate this country. My enemy's enemy is my friend.We must unite to #StopBrexit 
Everyone - irrespective of how you feel about #Brexit should read this report #safeguarding children after Brexit – UK in a changing Europe  
Boris Johnson's bridge - has the smell of a made up story,a distraction from the Brexit news that the City won't be getting a special deal - it'll have less access to EU than it has now. Banks will move from UK to a more profitable base within the EU #BrexitShambles #BorisBridge 
Depressingly clear explanation of what's coming up with Brexit this year  
Warnings about Brexit's impact on the City have been overblown, according to French finance chief Christian Noyer. Noyer was formerly the governor of the Bank of France.  
You cannot 'respect' the referendum result without legitimising the torrent of hate and lies poured out by the right-wing press which won the vote for #Leave.#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit  
The Director of the Vote Leave campaign Dominic Cummings said that had they not put that big lie on the side of their bus promising £350m extra per week for the NHS, they wouldn't have won the referendum. Well now their own supporters are admitting it wasn't true. #Brexit pic.twitter.com/VapykyRvOu 
WATCH: UK gift Macron $62 million, but it doesn't buy #Brexit love  via @ReutersTV 
Labour is "accountable at all times" except, of course, when the members say they want to fight Brexit  
The consensus now is that #Brexit is no longer inevitable. The EU wants us to stay, a huge #Remain community wants to stay & the #Leave camp is running scared. Let's make the most of this opportunity & pull out all the stops to #StopBrexit@LibDems @TheGreenParty @SNP @Labour4EU 
Boris Johnson says build a bridge between England and France after Brexit, the bloody fat posh spastic. There's already a tunnel which needs bricking up! No PC bullshit, protect this sceptred isle! 
McVitie's Digestives packets to shrink by SEVEN biscuits because of Brexit  
I was proud to join my fellow regional mayors in the @FT calling on the government to recognise the enormous contribution international students make to our communities and ensure that any future Brexit settlement does not jeopardise this.  
That would be 78 nights in prison without trial now for @junqueras & @quimforn; 95 for the Jordis. And @zoidoJI spent €87m (at least) failing to stop the referendum - which was peaceful until the police arrived. Total madness.  
'The potential implications for all of us are, and I use this word carefully, catastrophic' - @UofGVC on the danger of leaving the single market post #Brexit  
This poll shows a majority of the public across the UK & 71% of Labour supporters back staying in the single market. It’s time for @jeremycorbyn & @UKLabour to get behind @theSNP campaign to do so #Brexit  
Brilliant idea. A bridge from Dover to Calais, with 50 mile tailbacks at each end due to the Brexit customs controls at the hard border.☟Boris Johnson calls for bridge across the English Channel in barmy Brexit plan  
Is it time to stop Brexit? Or to make the best we can of the referendum result? Here's my interview with @mikegalsworthy - give it a watch and share! 
A new Brexit legal challenge could give MPs the power to stop Britain leaving the single market  via @BIUK_Politics 
Brexit: EU relocates Galileo satellite system installation from UK to Spain..Nice one #Brexit backers. Spin this!#Brexit = Poorer + Less Influence = Weaker.Binding #FinalSay in 2018 to Confirm #Brexit or #StopBrexit.Stop this farce & the haemorrhage. 
Remind #EU about Democracy"I suggest we send back Magna Carta"'It's about Democracy, it’s an article of historical importance to world & it will remind EU reason we are making this decision is due to a democratic vote & people did ask to leave'#Brexit 
The infrastructure project that #BorisJohnson should be concentrating on is a massive network of parking for trucks stacked up awaiting customs clearance at UK's #Brexit-blocked ports. We could call them Boris Bays in tribute to this idiot. 
Our focus must now be on persuading @UKLabour.  Only if it changes its stance is there a chance of reversing Brexit before it's too late. 2021 is too late.  
As the Presidents of the EU Commission and Council have made clear this week, Brexit is not inevitable and if the British people don’t like the deal on the table at the end of this process, they are entitled to change their minds. 
It is vital we stand up against Theresa May’s false claims that it is necessary to leave the Single Market and Customs Union if Brexit takes place. If the Brexit Withdrawal Agreement does not include those things, we should not support it. 
Brexit means the break up of the UK.》Northern Ireland will essentially remain in the EU to avoid a hard border.》Scotland will push for, and this time probably win its independence.》Overseas territories and Crown Dependencies may also push for independence.#StopBrexit 
BREAKING: A poll by @BMGResearch has found that 60% of the public, and 71% of Labour supporters, back continued Single Market membership after Brexit. 57% back continued Customs Union membership.  
[Conservative HQ]“Well the NHS is buggered, Brexit’s a shambles, and people hate Theresa. Ideas?”“Ladder to the moon?”“Erm.”“Tunnel to Australia!”“That’s not-““Bridge to France?”“Anyone other than Boris?” 
Friends! Summary:1. Macron’s Bayeux tapestry loan is one in the eye for Brexiters.2. His cunning move means Brexit is - literally - finished.3. Of course, Leavers angrily deny this. 4. Talk about delusional!5. The Graun is broke. Please send us a fiver.6. That's all, folks!  
The super-rich are getting ever wealthier relative to the rest of us. They need some way of ensuring that popular anger is not turned against them. Nationalist hysteria is the perfect tool as it cuts across boundaries of wealth & class. Hence #Brexit & Trump.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
New poll predicts British people would vote to scrap Brexit in a second referendum  
A bridge is probably quite a good idea, when you consider what Brexit might do to Eurotunnel's business model  
So many of us were denied a vote in the referendum and GE - it is only right that our voices are heard when our lives are being turned upside down. Votes For Life has been promised in so many manifestos yet we are still disenfranchised. Please sign:  
In the world of Boris logic, let’s build a 22 mile vanity project bridge between Britain and France but continue to cut investment in schools, police, NHS and fire services.#BorisBridge #BreadAndCircuses#Brexit 
Just as a matter of accurate reporting @BBCWales, you could perhaps state clearly that this project is funded by the European Union. #WEFO just manages the money, it doesn't provide it. #EU #Wales #Brexit  
‘It is not realistic to think we could replace European trade with these new markets’ @theresa_may pre referendum  
Ok. The daft ‘Boris Bridge’ thing is just ‘Look! Over there!’ distraction tactics to divert us from what Macron said about no financial services in the #Brexit deal. Don’t be fooled. 
1. #Brexit is not a single issue. It impacts on every economically based policy of all parties and many important non-economic issues.2. The #FBPE campaign is non-party and cross-party. We support pro-EU politicians and oppose pro-Brexit ones.#StopBrexit 
Brexit latest: Emmanuel Macron has reiterated that the UK would have to abide by European legal jurisdiction & contribute to the Brussels budget if the City of London is to be covered by a deal. But we're all going to ignore this because Boris said something daft about a bridge. 
Chatting with Owen Jones about why the public reserves the right to pull the plug on Brexit if it doesn’t go well.  
Economists didn’t see the crash coming, misjudged the Brexit vote and were blindsided by the UK jobs miracle. Why? Because you can’t predict the future: there are too many variables. My @telegraph column: 
After spending 18 mths wilfully & deliberately destroying the UK's connections, reputation and opportunities, Johnson inexplicably suggests we "cement relations after Brexit" w France by building a 22-mile bridge across channel. FFS! #BurningBridges #BuildingBridges #BorisBridge 
I’m back on @LBC on Saturday morning from 10am-12pm standing in for @mattfrei. Join me to talk about #Brexit and also the divides between the generations in Britain. Call me on 03456060973 whilst we’re on air to tell me live what you think!  
It is an "illusion" to think key Brexit legislation will have an "untroubled passage" through the House of Lords, says Ken Clarke:  
Quintessentially British #McVities digestives the next Brexit casualty. There will be seven less biscuits in a pack due to higher cost of ingredients #StopBrexit 
‘Brexit & Beyond’ - my podcast with the excellent William Porteous  
Brexit means distributing losses  
Brexit is absolutely and fundamentally the wrong decision for Britain. It needs to be rejected and consigned to the dustbin of history. Britain's future is in Europe. The current confusion is just a temporary aberration. #StopBrexit2018. #WATON 
A sign of signs to come? #Brexit  
In today's Brexit news: City of London will remain major global financial centre post-Brexit, says Theresa May | French finance chief says Brexit won't be a catastrophe for the City | Taxpayers set to foot £100m bill for EU students’ tuition fees  
Exclusive: May faces a new Brexit high court legal challenge in March on her plans to leave the single market  
See my reply to John Redwood ‘s bogus claims in @yorkshirepost that #brexit is justified because it is somehow undemocratic for 28 democracies to work together in the EU (he’ll try anything to avoid discussing economic damage of Brexit!) 
There's no such thing as a free Brexit. Actually it will cost so much that membership is peanuts compared to it #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Poll reveals most British people want to stay in the single market after Brexit 
Boris Johnson proposes a bridge across the Channel to make up for the absence of flights to Europe after Brexit. #StopBrexit #WATON 
Figs show UK output 0.9% lower than before #Brexit. This is the same as £350m week lost to UK economy - the amount leavers paraded on their Brexit campaign buses. During ref on any deal,  we'll have the real data provingwhat catastrophe this ill informed decision has been #FBPE 
Taken from the Bayeux Tapestry and turned into a brexit stamp #fbpe @RoyalMail 
Majority back single market membership after Brexit, poll finds  
."Brexit puts our higher education sector at risk & there is a real danger that the government will come back from Brussels with a bad deal that makes the current problems look like child’s play.". 
French President, @EmmanuelMacron, told @Theresa_May something she already knows but strangely doesn’t want us to know: To secure single market access after #Brexit, Britain must pay into the #EU budget and accept EU laws. Share @Jon_Danzig’s report:  #FBPE 
November: we invest £50m to help establish the UK as a world leader in the satellite industry.January: yet another chunk of satellite infrastructure leaves the UK because of Brexit.  
Following up on his successes with the Garden Bridge, Boris Island and Brexit... the unerring prat.  
Fusion GPS Founder: I Heard Brexit Leader Farage Gave Data To Assange  via @TPM 
#BorisBridgeWe send £350 million a week to the EU (sic). Let’s spend it instead on building a new bridge over the Channel.Please RT with pics of your crappy Brexit bridges.  
Brexit Stamps  
Macron warns May finance sector will not be covered by Brexit deal  
With Nigel Farage and Boris Johnson conceding Brexit is no longer inevitable, politics are catching up with reality, says Andrew Adonis, and we need allies.  
“London has succumbed to the pressure of the Elysee,” says leading French newspaper.  Full #Brexit story here:  
Foreign Secretary continues the floor show while, behind the scenes, the progress towards a disastrous Brexit continues and the Tories prepare to strip us of rights and protections after Brexit#WakeUp #StopBrexit 
Britain and France agree on key issues (but not Brexit, of course)  
The #Leeds for Europe street stall is back on Saturday from 11am in Briggate. Come & help out if you can. We will be publicising our forthcoming public meeting ‘Can #Brexit be Stopped?’ for which tickets are now available via Eventbrite:  
Boris Johnson has floated the idea of a bridge linking the UK and France to enhance transport links after #Brexit.Would you like to see it join the list of well-known bridges? #5liveBreakfast 
Emmanuel Macron says that the City will NOT get the same access to Europe it has now if UK leaves the single maerket - and UK will have reduced trade access too. Theresa May still pushing for Hard Brexit... #BrexitShambles #StopBrexit #r4today 
"Long-term EU resident UK citizens experience Brexit not as a democratic process in which they’ve participated but as a thing that has been done unto them."By @JolyonMaugham 
It was suggested that the May/Macron entente cordial went swimmingly. Then President Macron said no special BREXIT deal for City! Really? Then I suggest we should not pay £45 million and the tapestry can stay in Bayeux. It’s not that impressive anyway! Negotiate? Don’t think so! 
So it comes to this: ‘Macron & May discuss limiting the fallout from Brexit.’ How utterly absurd that Brexit isn’t just stopped right now: pointless, destructive, unmandated, and the country doesn’t want it. 
I think we all need to be honest with ourselves about Brexit and face up to the simple truth, we got the vote wrong. I was hoodwinked by Boris Johnson’s lies. There needs to be another referendum before we leave, it’s our democratic right to ask for one! 
EU relocates Galileo satellite system installation from UK to Spain because of Brexit  
#TrumpRussia and #Brexit are the same scandal.Putin used the same techniques to sabotage both elections, and the players — Farage, Assange, Cambridge Analytica — are the same.  
Facebook is broadening an investigation into the possibility that Russia used the platform to influence the Brexit vote  
JRM is a lonely voice in the Tory party , who plan to leave in name only. Nigel is rarely wrong & fears a second referendum  
Mercer is indirectly accused of illegally supporting Brexit thru Cambridge Analytica & Canadian SCL affiliate AggregateIQ under investigation by UK & Canadian data privacy regulators and UK Electoral Commission, so Simpson's testimony is significant here.  
No one is talking about building a wall, but Ireland fears a "Brexit" divide  
There is no point going 2 Nigerian Zoo courts 4 anything related to Biafra. The terror tag on #IPOB stays according 2 a Fulani-Cow judge. There R no appeals in Sharia Court of @AsoRock  *So, where does that leave "Referendum?" Do tell...* 
Have a brilliant Friday everyone today. Let’s have a day without Brexit bashing & Donald Trump bashing !!! Make a change. Here’s 4 brilliant records from the 60s greatest era for pop music by a mile. The fantastic groups & the brilliant records never to be forgotten. MAGNIFICENT.  
This is great news! We will make the election a referendum on Obama’s failed presidency!  
OMG!!  I remember that photo of Farage leaving the embassy!!!  He is a Putin puppet for sure. Brexit & Trumpgate. On Putin’s payroll  
Because it's not just about ads or one St Petersburg-based troll farm: Facebook launches investigation into Russian influence in EU referendum  
When Trump said we could call him Mr Brexit, it wasn’t because he desired to leave the EU on the grounds he disliked foreigners. He was telling the world his methods were the same methods as the U.K. referendum. As it happens, his method was Russia. 
Tory plan to tear up human rights when the UK leaves the EU – a cynical and damaging plan that Tory recent Education Secretary Justine Greening identified and criticised, warning that Brexit will be unsustainable if it fails young people. 
#ToriesOut #Fascism This is not scare mongering. The threats to our basic civil liberties posed by the Tory neo-Nazis, post Brexit, are very real and worrying:Please read/share @suejonessays excellent piece: 
Ken Clarke on Brexit: 'I am very glad I am here. It’s the maddest situation I have seen in my entire political career'We need more MPs and Lords to show his courage and consistency.#StopBrexit. #FBPE. #WATON. 
#EU dream is DEADOnly way Brussels can realise United States of Europe is “remove three-quarters of members”“Top geopolitical risks for 2018” is EU “disintegration” due to rise of Eurosceptic parties in Italy, Poland, Austria & Czech Republic.#Brexit 
Big discussion on #bbcqt on hemorrhaging on nurse numbers in England. No-one mentioned that #Brexit caused pound crash so less money to send back home. 
From Matthew Parris's Times column of Oct15, 2016 (15 months ago!).Poles are part of the problem of foreigners/Remoaners/rich (not driving Brexit, of course!)/media/vindictive EU/traitors: = Brexit agitators & this Govt have to *scapegoat* all & sundry: it's *all they have*.  
Here is what Canada itself says about @GovUK ‘s ambition for a “Canada ++” #Brexit deal.....Hard Brexit 'like blowing up a bridge', Canada warns UK | The Independent  
"The #Brexit negotiations are going very very well & I believe that the UK economy really will benefit greatly from the trade agreements we will put in place." Andrea Leadsom   #FBPE #wooferendum #BrexitStamps #brexitshambles 
"Brexit is not inevitable," says @ChukaUmunna - following the latest polling for Left Foot Forward 
Blairites during Leadership campaigns: 'we must not just choose a leader Labour members like. We must listen to ppl in the wider country including tory & ukip voters.'Blairites over Brexit: 'we must only represent the Labour members & voters who support remain.' Hmmm  
Can't understand why anyone would think that!Here's Nigel exiting the Ecuadorian embassy after visiting Julian Assange - when asked in the street what he had just been doing in the embassy Nigel replied, "you know, I can't remember" So clearly innocent as the driven slush. 
From 1983 Abortion Referendum,a leaflet from the Anti Amendment Campaign warning that “This Amendment Could Kill Women”. A lot of the contents are prophetic.  #repealthe8th 
Immigration from member states with significantly lower incomes & social services than the UK would have continued placing extra unpredictable pressure on UK housing, schools & medical services.That level proved to be unacceptable to the British people. #brexit 
Through humility and understanding, we can still stop BrexitA new referendum looks increasingly likely.And a new settlement addressing Britain’s inequalities could reverse our trajectory, says @Andrew_Adonis.#StopBrexit. #FBPE. #WATON. 
#bbcqt Dustin Lance Black giving us all a view of the state of this country with regard to Brexit and NHS through his eyes and probably of most from overseas. Really enjoying his input. Tory MP Margot James has looked a little like a rabbit caught in the headlights at times! 
I know, I know who cares about satellites and space but this new Brexit loss for Britain is oddly depressing  Week by week, Britain is becoming a smaller, less relevant nation and so few MPs, Tory or Labour, seem to care @Sandbach @MaryCreaghMP @CER_Grant 
There are some excellent video clips of @JonInarritu questioning @zoidoJI & the absurdity of the €87m spent trying to stop 1 Oct referendum. Questions that Madrid media should’ve asked. Unfortunately I don’t think there are subtitles. There should be. Follow him to view them.  
Indeed. Munira Mirza a class act. Loved her Magna Carta #Brexit point. A reminder of what democracy really means & why it matters #bbcqt 
#Brexit Britain will have to get used to life as a ‘3rd country’ We gain nothing from this danse macabre..we've no cards to play & astounding to think anyone can honestly believe we are not diminished. Poorer, weaker, less influence..just #StopBrexit! 
.@DLanceBlack hopes that the UK can get a good Brexit deal, but says: "If the deal is a stinker, let the people have a voice" #bbcqt 
Great local election victory for the @LibDems who are England's leading anti #Brexit party. Great work on the ground by the local party activists.  
"If the Brexit deal turns out to be a stinker, British people should get to have the #FinalSay & remain in the EU." Couldn't have put it better #bbcqt 
Emmanuel Macron delivers simple Brexit message to Theresa May on UK trip  
Well there you have it - Labour sole interest is getting rid of the Tories or should I say replacing the Tories in Government and no interest in stopping brexit at all.  
Fusion GPS founder: I heard Brexit leader Farage gave data to Assange  
reminds me of comments I remember Boris saying at Tory Party Conference in October. 'Brexit will give us so much trade we will have to build a SECOND tunnel under the channel!'No Boris, you'll need to build lorry parks and extra M20 lanes to prep for permanent Operation Stack.  
Hey I voted remain, I am totally disgusted by the campaign against the referendum result. We all voted knowing the result would count - that's why 33 million people bothered to vote. Leave was a legitimate choice and as such I now 100% back Leave. 
Amazing to see this CLP level action inspired by @Remain_Labour Grassroots movements will help get us a stronger Opposition to disastrous Brexit   
Tory MP warns Macron will attempt to 'UNDERMINE' London's position during Brexit talks. He’s no Friend of UK!  
This is well worth watching. It highlights the downsides of #brexit. A powerful set of arguments, movingly delivered.  
Nigel Farage takes dig at May's 'CAPITULATION' with Macron - 'God help us with Brexit'  
There is no Conservative party any more, there is only a rabid, frothing, lying, venal, incompetent, authoritarian nationalist UKIP clone. On June 23 2016 the Conservative party died. Would someone be so kind as to write its obituary.#StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
Seriously good political speeches are like buses. We’ve had several this week.Still, this combination of heart and head and hope in the Taoiseach’s address on #Brexit at the @EuropeanParl was outstanding.Summed up: dear neighbours, what a pity you’re going, for us and for you. 
Emmanuel Macron dismisses 'special' Brexit deal as 'hypocrisy' in blow to Theresa May.‘Be my guest,’ says French President on a deal - so long as UK abides by EU rules.So Boris can’t have his cake and eat it...Time to #StopBrexit. #FBPE. #WATON. 
Since when is the UK part of Europe anymore? See? That’s what Brexit will do to you!   
Micheal Martin showed courage in the marriage equality referendum. Now he is showing courage on eight amendment. 
“Be my guest”.Three short words from @EmmanuelMacron that pretty much sum up the international perspective on Brexit. Or, in French, “pourquoi?” Shrug. 
Half the people who voted for Brexit might not even be alive in ten years. 
The calm and measured tone, delivering reasoned and compassionate debate is exactly what is needed in this referendum. Well done @ivanabacik #repealthe8th #rtept 
The Electoral Commission launched full investigation against Vote Leave, with no evidence, but refuse to investigate Britain Stronger In despite a dossier of evidence, says Priti  Patel, and accuses EC of double standards and bias. Is anyone surprised at this?#Brexit  
The choice before us (if we Brexit):(1) Norway - no economic damage, but no say(2) Trade deal - no coverage for over 70pc of what UK doesThe idea that’s what people voted for in 2016 isn’t just ridiculous, it’s offensive.  
Brilliant news from Bermondsey! Labour members will campaign for a second referendum. Hope and expect this will be the first of many. #RemainLabour #StopBrexit 
Really good piece this on the Brexit challenge. I particularly enjoyed "Britain's shortcoming is that it only sees the world from London's perspective" which I may start using in other contexts.  via @FT 
Simpson connects all the dots: Stone, Flynn, Turkey, Russia, Brexit... pic.twitter.com/hciYSkrZ4e 
If the UK changes its mind? The UK has already changed its mind.But the Brexit government refuses to allow it to speak. They are now holding us hostage, bound and gagged. 
Spanish Interior minister's 10 lies about the Catalan referendum (with videos)  
Macron rebuffs City deal after #Brexit unless UK pays into EU budget and accepts all the rules - The strength of France in the EU and the weakness of Britain is clear for all to see.   
Macron rejected idea of tailored Brexit deal for the City, insisting GB will not be allowed full access to EU markets including financial services unless pays into EU budget & accepts all its rules. Quelle surprise LOL@michaelgove mugged by reality again  
Catalan teacher up in court today over tweets he wrote about the police violence during the 1 October referendum. Another nail in the coffin of "Spanish democracy and free speech".  
UK will lose EU satellite data center to Spain after Brexit  
Emmanuel Macron gave a blunt response when asked why he was opposed to including the City of London in any future post-Brexit trade deal  
French President #Macron said the UK could have the same relationship with the EU as Norway, which pays into its coffers in order to have tariff-free trade with the single market. #brexit  
Spain spent 87M€ to [try to] block a referendum which was held anyway, damaging institutions, human rights and peace in the attempt.The most generous estimates say Quebec and Scotland spent 20M€ on their referenda, generating discussion, strengthening stability and government.  
Thought Mourinho still had some good material leftover to rinse Conte at his press conferences but Peter Crouch and Chelsea’s Brexit transfer strategy trumps it all. 
Jeremy Corbyn says foreign workers, like those at #Lincoln hospital should be given residency after Brexit.  
When our #Commonwealth friends tell us that #brexit is bonkers...  
One confident, assured, backed by the European family of nations. The other, in office but not in power, complicit in the weakening of her country, economically, diplomatically and socially. #Brexit reality.  
The 10 lies of Spain’s Interior minister @zoidoJI, whilst trying to justify the €87m euros spent on the Spanish police FAILING to stop the Catalan referendum. Complete with videos. By @Davizgonrub @elnacionalcatEN 
Brexit: EU relocates Galileo satellite system installation from UK to SpainNew Brexit blow for science and technology as Brexodus continues.Save jobs. #StopBrexit. #FBPE. #WATON. 
Emmanuel Macron dismisses 'special' Brexit deal as 'hypocrisy' in blow to Theresa May  Relationship not so special as you thought Treesa? 
Macron rebuffs City deal after Brexit unless UK pays into EU budget  
The Tories voted last night NOT to enshrine EU Human Rights in UK law following Brexit. Worried? You should be. There has never been more of a need to belong to a union. Join Unite today.  
UK-France summit: Emmanuel Macron says UK must pay for post-Brexit City deal  
BLOG: Labour can be Party of the NHS or a party to Brexit - it cannot be both. @UKLabour @Remain_Labour 
Brexit's passed on! It's no more! It's ceased to be! Expired and gone to meet its maker!It's a stiff! Bereft of life. If May wasn't nailed to her perch, it'd be pushing up the daisies!It's kicked the bucket, it's shuffled off its mortal coilIT IS AN EX-BREXIT!!  
The Bank of England’s post-referendum economic forecasts were so far adrift as to be embarrassing  #Brexit 
I need Chelsea to sign Crouch to see Matt Law, David McDonnell, Guillem, John Cross and the rest of the Brexit bellends to say what a great bit of business it is to buy a 36 year old striker who has averaged 7 goals a year. 
Spanish Interior minister's 10 lies about the Catalan referendum (with videos)  
Every shop I do Robert I look at labels, I've been buying British wherever possible since before the referendum, it's not difficult, can cost a few pence more but #BuyBritish & #ShopLocal everyone 
Mourinho is out here trying to bring a world class player to the squad with some talented young players to build something special, Conte is out here trying to build a Brexit FC team ready for when we leave. Mourinho has finished Conte and Chelsea off. 
'Taking back control' is about giving power from the EU to the people - not from the EU and Parliament to frontbenchers.You can still respect the referendum result and oppose a bill which takes power away from Parliament.  
.@BOSLabour GC passes motion calling for Labour to campaign for referendum on terms of Brexit deal. Passed by large majority.  
#ProjectReality Macron: UK will have to pay for post #Brexit City access to the EU. There you have it #Leavers. You can't have your cake and eat it, despite what Moron May and Dimwit Davis have lied to you. 
New: No bespoke Brexit deal, Macron warns MayTimes update - 
#ILuvEUCos this would never happen in the UK Parliament. #Brexit #StopBrexit #Remain #FBPE 
The costs of Brexit are mounting - fast. And today's £45m bill is yet another sign that Theresa May's Conservatives are badly bungling Brexit:  
Macron says U.K. must pay into budget to keep banks' EU access  
#Switzerland Moves Towards Ending #EU Free Movement & Single Market. Fundamental flaws in this undemocratic ideological experiment are beginning to appear especially amongst the East #European states. #UK I'm sure has made the right decision.#Brexit  
BREXIT CHAOS: Emmanuel Macron dismisses 'special' Brexit deal as 'hypocrisy' in blow to Theresa May / #Brexit #Toxic 
Labour rebels who DEFIED Corbyn to vote with Tories on Brexit bill, including Frank Field, Kate Hoey, John Mann, and Graham Stringer. They all deserve full credit for their honour & courage!   
I am sick of hearing about Tusk Barnier and the rest of the EU cronies its about time we start beating the drum it's our BREXIT when are we going to start saying what we want its all their way we are so weak and non decisive know wonder they are all having a laugh at us 
@W_A_T_O_N ambassador spot on in France @libe Brexit : la partie n'est pas jouée and Germany @welt Der nationalistische Brexit-Krampf kann gestoppt werden @Andrew_Adonis Now do a documentary on 'In the coming months, I will be touring Brexit strongholds around the country2listen'  
#ILuvEUCos trending at 2 on Twitter, so many tweets, so many personal reasons.Fab to see so many positive messages of hope and truth, in such short supply after 18 months on Brexit island. Here's to many more as we all step up our campaign #StopBrexit 
I appreciate that. My true passion lies with Human Rights, (gender, racial, societal equality). Brexit has forced me to turn towards economic arguments purely because you can't convince the Right by citing human rights.  
I am still urging the @UKLabour leadership to join us in this fight against a disastrous Brexit. This now goes to the Lords where the Government isn’t close to commanding a majority for its hard and damaging Tory #Brexit. 
The narrow victory for the government on the @LibDems Clause 11 amendment last night shows that the Tories aren’t going to get the easy ride they expected in their pursuit of hard Brexit. Opposition parties will work together to avert the government’s disastrous path to #Brexit 
I will vote in the Dáil to have a referendum to #repeal and I will vote in the referendum to #repealthe8th at the ballot box @drivetimerte 
Brexit has NOW become the Tories long term economic plan after Osborne fraudulently made a stash & legged it, THEN there’s David Cameron who fucked up ( who’s also partial to a line Cocaine) and if Ive libelled you @David_Cameron ! I’ve got witnesses, so YA KNOW  
This. Totally this.Same for EU citizens in UK - Brexit is a thing done to them.And while some UK citizens in rest of EU could vote in referendum (>15 years away), few EU citizens in UK could even vote (only   due to Commonwealth,  historic voting right).#Brexit  
Not going to be one of the people praising Michael Martin on #repealthe8th. Had HIS referendum passed in 2002 women would be in a much worse position. He is only suppprting now because popular writing is on the wall. 
Emmanuel Macron has warned Theresa May that Britain must pay into the European Union’s budget and accept its laws if it wants continued access to the single market for the UK’s financial services after Brexit 
Brexit blow as satellite monitoring centre moves from UK to Spain  
I have yet to hear from any Leaver a reason for us to #Brexit that is a not a regurgitated lie, a delusion, fantastical made up shit, paranoia, idiocy or outright bigotry based on racism....that's why we need to #stopbrexit and we will. pic.twitter.com/CVyOWBc5mC 
"Long-term EU resident UK citizens experience Brexit not as a democratic process in which they’ve participated but as a thing that has been done unto them. And done in ignorance. And with a profound effect on where, and how, and with whom they live." 
"Under '#NoDeal' the #EU loses around £500bn in net present value. In contrast, the #UK would gain around £650bn mainly through lowering the external tariff", according to @Econs4FreeTrade analysis. We've nothing to fear from a clean #Brexit!   #BBC 
President Macron - UK can't have it's cake and eat it over #BrexitIf you want access to the single market be my guest but it means that you have to contribute to the budget.... #StopBrexit #FBPE #UKFRsummit 
Last night every single @UKLabour MP (except 4!) voted AGAINST the EU Withdrawal Bill It's time to remind Labour that we want Brexit and we want it NOW!  
Get out! EU fishermen should LOSE access to British waters after Brexit, shock poll claims  
Collapsing as we speak: Mainstream media EU The left biased narrative The blame Russia story The Trump is racist story The UK/US economy is crashing after Brexit/Trump story NATO war ISIS AntiFa Socialist parties Mainstream politics Globalism 
Theresa May often returns to Lancaster House whenever she is asked or hears something she doesn't like on brexit. Like Macron's answer on the single market. It's her tell. 
#ILuvEUCos because I've realised how much difference it makes to my life - from FOM, grants my city gets for improvements, food safety to lovely city breaks in different cities . I took it all for granted until the referendum, now I know I don't want to lose any of it. 
Macron punchier than might have been expected on Brexit. If UK wants financial services access, "be my guest" but needs to pay into budget and accept free movement. ie. Norway 
So once again @J_amesp ahead of the curve. He noticed several months ago the social media campaign around Qatar. And the Russian bots were busy supporting Cambridge Analytica once againJust as they were with #Brexit and #Trump. 
#WhyBrexitIsBatshitAs a zoologist I would point out that batshit breaks down quickly and has no lasting effect on its surroundings....whereas Brexit... 
Just four #Labour Members of Parliament voted in favour of the #Brexit withdrawal bill which passed the House of Commons in the UK Parliament on Wednesday evening. Frank FieldKate HoeyJohn MannGraham Stringer 
#ILuvEUCos despite our Govt + the right-wing press behaving like complete & utter pilchards, the EU still loves us.(Seeing.@eucopresident has put this as his pinned tweet has made me cry. The emotional strain of #Brexit is overwhelming sometimes. Wouldn't cope without #FBPE.) 
The Grandfather of #BREXIT #TonyBenn had the #EU's number from the off. With the #European #elite now calling for #Remoaners to "find a way out" of Brexit,  the conclusion #Benn reached on their lack of #democratic principles is more justified than ever! #BBC #SKY #LBC @UKLabour 
"We’ve had the biggest festival of democracy that this country has ever seen – which was the referendum in 2016. The British people had a very binary question, in or out...they decided out." #Brexit  
David Coburn MEP - "You spent millions on EU propaganda to prevent #Brexit. Aided, of course, by the BBC. Fortunately the British public saw through that one."  
Why does Theresa May feel the need to put on this strange, deep, ponderous voice whenever she’s making a speech about Brexit? 
Nicola Sturgeon recollected that, shortly after the EU referendum, Ruth Davidson challenged her to protect Scotland’s place in the single market  
"Hard Brexit is going to be a horror show, and no amount of red, white & blue flags, blue passports or Brexit Day stamps can disguise the fact that the implications are getting clearer & are NOTHING like the sunlit uplands the Brexiteers promised.". 
It's two years since the Brexit campaign was in full swing, there was that bus and Nigel Farage was still somebody. So much more is known now & reality has set in. But for those who don't get it yet, explain #WhyBrexitIsBatshitMost RTed entry wins. Please RT to get it going 
Question: What is the percentage of Pro-Brexit versus Anti-Brexit Lords?How can you possibly scrutinise impartially when you state quite clearly you'd like to sabotage the result?  
Spanish police operation to prevent October 1 independence referendum, wherein 4,500 police were deployed in Catalonia, cost nearly €90 million. Find out more   . 
#ILuvEUCos Urgently need to inform Leave voters about benefits of EU membership (past+future), not just how much worse off people will be if Brexit proceeds. When we joined, we were Sick Man+Dirty Man of Europe. Now successful economy (see chart attached) #FBPE #StopBrexit 
IF this happens, @jeremycorbyn will be PM and #Brexit will be stopped: .@theresa_may’s Government to collapse in 2018. A General Election will occur. 
UK loses space data center to Spain amid post-Brexit security concerns  
Micheal Martin's support for abortion means that Fianna Fáil are now very vulnerable to a grassroots backlash if Leo Varadkar calls a snap election before the referendum. 
Awful to hear that there has been a 19% rise in EU academics resigning from UK universities since Brexit. Our universities have thrived from access to talented European researchers and yet our incompetent PM refused to guarantee their rights from the start #ExitFromBrexit #FBPE 
Not so long ago, Brits produced about 80% of the food we eat. It's now about 60%. After Brexit, we can do two things: increase farm productivity, and consume far more of our home-made food. In fact, let's start right now! One of the things we can do, is to eat seasonal produce. 
This is very very good."MAGA Brexit Memelord 17" and "Jefferson P. Virgin" 
Orchestrated Tory lies: Here's why the Tory letter campaign against Corbyn over Brexit is misleading  
Here’s my family’s story which highlights why I think Brexit is a bad idea.  
Brilliant! #Brexit   
Human Rights World Report on Spain: "The Catalan referendum was marred by excessive use of force by Civil Guard and national police officers"  
#Brexit was a crass attempt by Cameron to appease Tory racists & europhiles and to unite the party Instead it has split the country in two, setting family, friends and neighbours against each other and given racism and divisiveness legitimacy. And May is too stupid to stop it 
Dutch MEP“Benefits of Single Market are clearly a fairy tale & I warn once again the road to Federalism is a Dead End.""[#EU] change your course & aim at Sovereignty of member states.""No Deal will bring UK £650bnNo Deal will COST EU £500bn"#Brexit 
Richard Leonard and Ruth Davidson found themselves unable to escape their respective parties’ recent records during #FMQs, facing heavy criticism from First Minister Nicola Sturgeon over their engagement with the Scottish budget and Brexit  
Krishna; Pro-Israel, Brexit, Cheltenham Town FC and a sprinkling of D.Trump.  
Scotland, last night’s vote by English politicians is the most compelling reason you need to become an independent country. Let Norway & Denmark be your inspiration. You can do so much better than being sidelined & humiliated in Brexit Britain  
The biggest laugh about the idea that young people are all communists is that they were the most anti-Brexit vote – that is, the most supportive of free trade and free movement of people. It's older voters who wanted autarky and Arstotzkan border controls. 
16 years ago the referendum on the 8th Fianna Fáil were pushing was removal of suicide grounds for abortion access.Today their party leader came out in favour of unrestricted access to abortion up to 12 weeks. We did that. YOU did that. Let's keep doing this. We know we can. 
Leave donor takes Bank to task over Brexit ‘bias’  
Trump is not going to London so May can 'focus her attention' on Brexit, claims Tillerson  
600 billion euros in regulation costs mean our part of that is around 80 billion .. clean Brexit required  
The Labour Brexit minister explaining why the Tory EU Withdrawal bill is such a shambles Labour had to vote against it.  
Brussels SHOCK: Switzerland preparing to END EU free movement with Brexit-style referendum  
What we needed was a 12 week debate period prior to the referendum on TV, internet, radio etc.......oh wait.  
The Conservatives are trying so so hard to win the youth vote over but we know it’s not going to work.The Lib Dem’s position on Brexit is not winning votes either.UKIP. That’s enough to put you off, right? VOTE LABOUR (and join too!) #JC4PM 
Nina and Craig are two specialist nurses now living in Scotland after leaving North-East England following the #Brexit vote. This is why they say Yes. 
A Tory letter campaign against Corbyn over Brexit is misleading - as any Labour amendment to Tory ideological Hard Brexit is just rejected. Our hard won Rights are being trashed by these hard right wing Tories - it’s what they’ve always wanted to do.  
No matter how much Donald Tusk might wish it, there will be no second referendum, and no cancellation of Brexit, says @DanielJHannan 
Umm...You can’t get the same benefits of being in the Single Market without actually being in the Single Market.It’s like trying to get the benefits of your central heating by locking yourself out of your house.Top tips on Brexit available from FACTS.. 
Wanting stronger ties with EU nations by supporting #Brexit which tears Britain away from the closest possible ties with our European neighbours. The strange logic of @jeremycorbyn 
Whether you want to leave EU or stay, what matters most is the kind of country we live in – and last night this Tory Government voted to remove a fundamental protection of our standard of living and our way of life after Brexit  
Spain's police repression of #Catalonia's independence #referendum on #1oct2017 costed 87 million € according to the Spanish minister of the Interior. 87 million spent on obnoxious brutality against peaceful voters... #WeDontForget 
'We're not having any of this Mr Macron!' UK MEP warns France is SABOTAGING Brexit  
The worst thing to come out of Brexit is the name Jolyon 
"They have promised Scots everything, and delivered nothing." @theSNP leader @IanBlackfordMP accuses Scottish Tories of a "shameful abdication of duty" over Brexit Bill  
Facebook’s head of policy in the UK said  it would now search for “clusters engaged in coordinated activity around the Brexit referendum” which appear to have originated in Russia.  
Here is a list of @uklabour MPs who voted against #Brexit & the will of the people last night. It’s in alphabetical orderTell them what you think & also sign the #RespectTheResult letter to @jeremycorbyn…Please retweet & share. They must respect us. 
Friends! Disgusting, violent and xenophobic!And, even worse, this Hate Cartoon features the hated Hard-Right May!Like Our @NicolasHatton, I'm filing a complaint!After all, a totally futile gesture like this is exactly what's needed at this stage of the war against Brexit.  
'Benefits of the Single Market are a fairy tale!' Dutch MEP blasts EU in support of Brexit  
Senior Conservative MP Sarah Wollaston hit out at Boris Johnson over his continued insistence that £350m could be invested in NHS after Brexit. She said the Foreign Secretary’s use of the false statistic was “a disgrace” and “a deliberate deception”  
Theresa May's DUP experience has made her believe she can bribe her way out of trouble, but bunging France £40 million won't stop them taking our finance sector after Brexit. The notion we can cherry pick and keep the financial service sector is complete nonsense 
Oh, FFS! More sci & tech infrastructure relocating from UK to elsewhere in EU because of Brexit. Galileo is the EU's GPS. (FYI @ProfBrianCox, @DrBrianMay)  
#UKFRSummit Yes I know it grates paying 4 French security facing our ports. But it would be a thousand times worse if France just let anyone board ferries to England. We need a decent relationship with France post #Brexit & #Macron is no weakling like Merkel. 
Even the UK’s former European Commissioner Lord Hill recognises that it would be madness for the UK to become a vassal state of the EU post-Brexit  
IMMIGRATION: More than 1m EU migrants could arrive in Britain by end of Brexit transition, according to Migration Watch UK report.This isn't taking back control of the borders. 
'Brexit's dominance of media coverage and parliamentary time is providing the perfect cover for controversial reform of the NHS by stealth.' Dr Graham Winyard of @jr4nhs in @Politics_co_uk 
“It would make no sense for Britain to be bound by rules over which we had no influence,” says the UK’s former European Commissioner @JHillEU on the UK adopting a ‘Norway-lite’ model post-Brexit  
.@KenRoth: "With the U.S. led by a president who displays a disturbing fondness for rights-trampling strongmen, and the United Kingdom preoccupied by Brexit, two traditional if flawed defenders of human rights globally are often missing in action."  
Spain has been picked as the new host of a data centre that protects military information gathered by the EU’s satellite program, which must move from the U.K. after #Brexit.source  
.@RhonddaBryant – “Theresa May should be embarrassed by Trump’s support for a hard Brexit”  
8 out of 10 voters want Britain to seize back control of its waters by the end of 2019 even if there is a two year transition period after Brexit 
Tory chiefs are pushing an email campaign against Jeremy Corbyn on Brexit - here's why it's incredibly misleading 
This makes the DUP deal worth every single penny. Thanks and well done to the 4 Labour MPs who respect the referendum result despite the immense pressure they must have been under. @frankfieldteam, @KateHoeyMP, @JohnMannMP, @gstringerMP 
Opposing the will of 37% of the electorate who voted for Brexit is democracy. Democracy should protect the rights of all citizens, government should represent the interests of all citizens. Brexit does the opposite, Brexit denies democracy. Brexit serves the few, not the many.  
‘MORE THAN 1M EU MIGRANTS COULD MOVE TO UK DURING BREXIT TRANSITION’!   Is this what we voted for?          #fo2eu 
Staying within the single market is now more dangerous for the City than 'hard Brexit' thanks to the EU's utterly flawed new rules, says @FrontierFinance 
UK waters CLOSED to EU Fisherman when UK exits #EUBoulogne Fisherman:“We mainly fish in English waters at this time of year.If that’s taken away from us, life will be very hard.”35,000 tons of fish arrive in Boulogne, 66% from British waters#Brexit 
Donald Tusk: EU's 'heart still open to UK' over Brexit @Scientists4EU 
Ethnographic study of working-class Brexit voters: not "turkeys voting for Xmas" but a desperate desire for an "alternative to the status quo".  
Today a Committee of Member States decided to move part of the Galileo satellite system from the London (who won the bid to host it in 2010) to Madrid as a direct consequence of Brexit.  
All #Brexit  lies are a disgrace @sarahwollaston , but thanks for your recent stand against one of the most cynical. This country needs a #FinalSay  on the deal, with the option to remain. #FBPE #StopBrexit @Devon4Europe 
WATCH | "Under 'No Deal' the EU loses around £500bn in net present value. In contrast, the UK would gain around £650bn mainly through lowering the external tariff", according to @Econs4FreeTrade analysis.We've nothing to fear from a clean Brexit!   
The IFS says being in the Single Market is worth 4% of GDPSo Brexit means giving up £75bn to save £10bn.It's a bit bonkers isn't it? Lucky we still have time to change our minds.No thanks to the Conservatives though.  
'Benefits of the Single Market are a fairy tale!' Dutch MEP blasts EU in support of Brexit  
Sadiq Khan SAVAGED for wading in on Trump and Brexit amid spate of London stabbings  
If the #Brexit Trade Bill passes as it is, we might as well get rid of Parliament. It lets ministers rewrite our laws to secure trade deals. So if a country wants us to water down rights protections, ministers can do it - totally cutting out Parliament  
"Which side you take now in the battle over Brexit and the future of democracy is a defining political issue of our time. And in that battle, Momentum and the Blairite rump are all on the same, wrong, side", writes Mick Hume.  
How do you know the @CONservatives have lost it? One day they accuse @jeremycorbyn of wanting a hard #Brexit & being to blame for it. The next they accuse him of trying to stop #Brexit and ignore the will of the people.They chat any old shit & are nothing but CON merchants. 
MEP @Steven_Woolfe wanted to make @MichelBarnier understand there is an "iron will to continue and make sure Brexit actually happens" #brexit Watch the full interview here:  
James Stupidly tells Remainers that Corbyn is betraying them by supporting Brexit.James Stupidly tells Leavers that Corbyn is betraying them by opposing Brexit.James Stupidly thinks the Tories' hackneyed divide and conquer routine works on Twitter.James really is stupid.  
Brexit: Macron says France would look 'with kindness' on UK choosing to halt EU withdrawal - The Independent  
To clarify: the Spanish police deployment that FAILED to prevent the Catalan referendum on 1 Oct cost 87m euros between accommodation expenses, maintenance, travel & subsistence, according to @zoidoJI Spain's interior minister. A total & utter waste of money. Rajoy should resign. 
EU states have underpaid into NATO £338 billion over the last 5 years.   Britain is one of the few nations paying in the treaty-mandated due of 2% of GDP.  We've spent more money than most for the defence of Europe. EU nations must remember this when they discuss #Brexit  
Whatever problems UK has wih Brexit they do not include the quality of government lawyers.  The are as good as anything in private sector and impressively led by Jonathan Jones.  A bad politician always blames his lawyer. 
Ahead of the French president’s UK visit for an Anglo-French summit Emmanuel Macron called for Britain to reconsider Brexit.  
The "Will of the People" is a democratic sounding slogan of dictators and demagogues used to delegitimise the democratic right to oppose government policy. It has no place in democratic politics.#StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE #WATON 
Stop Brexit flash mob in Canterbury this weekend. Follow @louisepots for more into on the day. Please bring a flag #flashmob #stopbrexit #waton #fbpe #resist 
People are entitled to keep an open mind about Brexit. We should keep all options on the table.  
Britain can stop Brexit, Macron says as he prepares to meet May  
Nina and Craig are two specialist nurses now living in Scotland after leaving North-East England following the #Brexit vote. This is why they say Yes. 
With all the talk of a second referendum, I still think @rickygervais has the best advice on the subject:“The average person is an idiot. On bottles of bleach we’ve got ‘do not drink’. Take that off, for two years, then have a referendum.”  
The UK isn't changing its mind about Brexit, says @benatipsosmori 
A CNN investigation in November found that a small number of Kremlin-linked Twitter accounts pushed pro-Brexit spin on the morning of the referendum  
These screen grabs are from the clever piece in the Sun today on the Bayeux Tapestry.  But they do illustrate the level of hostility-breeding propaganda being pumped out - still - in favor of #Brexit even though the economic evidence of its damage is becoming clearer by the day.  
Spain to host Galileo satellite data center after Brexit  
Rees Mogg now comparing to businesses worrying about #brexit to those who worried about Y2K. Eh, reason Y2K wasn’t a problem was because action was taken... #brexit 
It's not surprising to see #Lanat on parliament from Musharraf's referendum chief polling agent 
Last night's vote shows that when the opposition parties will work together to avert the Conservatives’ disastrous path to Brexit:  #FBPE #exitbrexit 
// @AlynSmith: Hard Brexit is going to be a horror show, and no amount of red, white and blue flags, blue passports or Brexit Day stamps can disguise the fact.  
A reminder that #Brexit is a xenophobic UKIP project by tax avoiding elites to destroy workers & environmental protections to make them more money. And that there is no brexit scenario that doesn't make the country poorer.It's up to us to #StopBrexit as #WeAreTheOppositionNow 
This’ll go well above Ruth Davidson’s fireplace. The Sun’s version of the Bayeux Tapestry complete with Brexit stamps and Theresa May waving union jack over decapitated Europeans.  
Whatever your feelings on Brexit, the numbers on Corbyn are simply appalling.May is the worst, most unpopular PM in living memory, and Corbyn is 7 points behind her?Want a Labour government? Remove Corbyn. Stop Brexit. Be a damn opposition.  
Nearly 50 Labour MPs backed calls for the UK to stay in the single market and customs union after Brexit last night -  
The problem being our autocratic Govt is denying us this option in order to force thru their flawed #Brexit which will remove our Rights & leave us Poorer! #Labour need to get back on the fence & back a Binding #FinalSay to Confirm #Brexit or #StopBrexit. 
Sadiq Khan's incessant scaremongering and failure to speak of the benefits of Brexit does NOT represent the views of the Great British Public. Our capital city MUST be represented by someone who has our country's best interests at heart. 
"The Wall is the Wall." (Donald Trump, 2018)"Brexit means Brexit." (Theresa May, 2017)"A rose is a rose is a rose is a rose." (Gertrude Stein, 1913)In the mouths of poets, tautology can be beautiful. In the mouths of politicians, it is moronic.  
Tories moan and groan throughout question from @RichardLochhead on the future of our whisky industry, one Scotland's most important sectors, at risk from a hard Brexit. Embarrassing. #FMQs 
Brexit cartoon by me and @taylertoons in today's @TheNewEuropean 
It's #WinnieThePoohDay apparently, so I've dug up the excellent PoohVsPiglet Brexit meme response from @JennieStevenson#StopBrexit #WATON 
Lefty Political Scrapbook says @_HenryBolton girlfriend fled to Paris, which she couldn't do after Brexit. Wrong. Last nigh she was at National Liberal Club with Bolton. so wrong again 
Spanish Government recognizes it spent € 87,000,000 to prevent the democratic referendum and failed to avoid it  
WATCH: Sadiq Khan SAVAGED for wading in on Trump and Brexit amid spate of London stabbings  
Brexit is not a 'catastrophe' for the City of London, says French finance chief  
SNP's secret Scotland. What a brass neck @RuthDavidsonMSP has when her Tory government in Westminster won't tell the public a damned thing about Brexit. Wasting questions on a pathetic issue of process is what we expect when "her" Tory MP's vote the way the whip told them #FMQs 
Haha - only Sturgeon could turn a question about policing into an answer about Brexit. Idiotic response. #fmqs 
Can we see the apologies from your bigot councillors, Ruth? How about the Brexit impact documents? 
We cannot take this Government's word that our rights will be protected through Brexit - @DawnButlerBrent blogs  
John Redwood was at it again on @LBC last night. John, your colleagues in Vote Leave said Brexit did not mean leaving the Single Market. Here's a reminder @open_britain 
Urge the Government to recognise animal sentience and improve animal welfareBe a voice for the voiceless by taking part in this consultation. DEADLINE: 31st January 2018. Please visit: #AnimalWelfare #AnimalSentience #KeepWildlifeInTheWild #Brexit pic.twitter.com/8yEmAzYiUg 
That point when Tory backbenchers are more of an opposition to Tory Brexit than the Labour front bench has been reached ...  
Jacob Rees-Mogg's timely election as European Research Group chair could prove the difference between a clean Brexit which takes back control or one which is reduced to a mere exercise in rebranding - my latest  
Pure spin James. Deflecting from fact that last night Tories voted NOT to retain European Human Rights Charter in UK law after Brexit. A Labour amendment by Jeremy Corbyn sought to retain the provisions in the Charter & was voted down by 317 votes to 299  
Speaking to @BBCNews about the #EUWithdrawalBillI highlighting that the Govt had tried to side-step parliamentary scrutiny at every turn. This poses risks to jobs, the economy and our health service: were thousands of nurses are leaving with #Brexit uncertainty playing a factor.  
New poll:》Only 28% think the UK is currently heading in the right direction.》Only 45% think the contry will fare well over the next year.》Looks like the majority of the UK is finally waking up to the fact that Brexit is doing us harm!#FBPE#FinalSay 
Last night the Commons approved the EU Withdrawal Bill on Third reading by 324 votes to 295. Most Labour MPs joined the SNP and Lib Dems in opposing, which was interesting given their Manifesto position of backing Brexit. 
Faux anger from Stirling Tory MP, Stephen Kerr (who voted with the Tory Government anyway), over Tory failure on Brexit promise, undermined by the fact that “the UK Government appears to have a bit of a tin ear when it comes to matters Scottish.” (The Scotsman) 
WATCH: Treacherous Muslim London Mayor @SadiqKhan SAVAGED for wading in on @realDonaldTrump and Brexit amid spate of London stabbings  
Dear @Jacob_Rees_Mogg now you are leader of the European Research Group #ERG will you please provide the public with a list of its members, and an explanation of why public money is funding a hard-#Brexit pressure group within the Tory party. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
It's official: the Spanish police army sent to Catalonia to stop the Referendum with violence against voters cost 87M of public money. The Minister calls images fake news and will condecorate the police instead of investigating the events.Spain, 2018. 
Brexit is not a 'catastrophe' for the City of London, says French finance chief  
PETA and 40 other animal charities sign Brexit animal-protection manifesto: 
The Sun publishes its own #Brexit Bayeux tapestry. It involves a rejoicing Theresa May standing over the decapitated corpses of Europeans dressed in EU blue/gold. We're really not far off 1930s style media now are we?  
Supporting @steffanlewis' motion yesterday. People say we need to respect the result of the #Brexit referendum. Let's respect the result of every referendum. Twice Wales has voted for more powers. We've never voted to have powers taken away. #SaveOurSovereignty 
BREAKING: Spanish government announces that £77 million were spent on the police deployment against the Catalan referendum. 
New poll predicts British people would vote to scrap Brexit in a second referendum  
Facebook said it was reopening an investigation into the possibility that Russia had used the platform to influence the Brexit vote  
IRELANDPrime Minister Leo Varadkar feels sorry for British WW2 veterans beacuse of Brexit, claiming soldiers who stormed the Normandy beaches on D-Day were doing so "for European values”. NB @campaignforleon Nobody had even conceived the EU project until after the war. 
According to #Spain's Home Affairs Minister, the police operation against the #1O #referendum in #Catalonia (Operation Copernicus) cost 87 million euros. Is that cheap or expensive for repression? 
I am sick and tired of the Remainers saying that we didn't know what we were voting for! It was made very clear that #Brexit meant Leaving the Single Market! Here's the proof!   
Brexit Myth vs Brexit Reality #FBPE 
#BREAKING The police operation in Catalonia to stop the October 1 independence referendum cost €87M and involved 4,500 officers, says the Spanish Home Affairs minister  
This is a very good Labour party video about the crisis in the NHS. Shame it makes ABSOLUTELY NO MENTION AT ALL about how much extra damage leaving the EU and ending freedom of movement will bring it. It's this simple: You cannot save the NHS by supporting Brexit.#FBPE 
Breaking news on BBC - “Chris Tarrant has just been found guilty of drink driving!” What the hell has that got to do with life! With anybody! Carrillion, Brexit, N Korea, Mudslide, Calais camps, Syria, et al. Chris Tarrant has had a drink driving his car  
Tories give us Brexit - those who don't like it blame Corbyn for not magically stopping it, then vow never to vote Labour again, allowing same Tories that gave us Brexit to continue destruction of UK. The country has gone mad. 
DUP MP and Brexit spokesman Sammy Wilson says Leo Varadkar is a "nutcase"  
I had a depressing discussion with a 25 year old about Brexit. He regurgitated propaganda about needing visas to travel around Europe, racism and said we should pay money to the EU and we got more back than we put in. 100% sure. Where do you start with such staggering ignorance? 
Do folks get it now: @UKLabour do not have the power to stop #Brexit.So, instead of attacking @jeremycorbyn & wasting energy, unite behind him & fight the Tories.This country desperately needs a @UKLabour Gvnt., which will, genuinely, be about the many NOT the privileged few! 
Nope. Labour clearly set out the criteria by which they will support Tory Brexit, which havent been met.  
BREXIT BRITAIN  #BorisJohnson #Brexit #Toxic #NHS #FundTheNHS #ToriesOut 
By voting to dispense with our human rights after Brexit means that the Withdrawal Bill does not meet Labour's six tests. Its now open season. Let's now see the calibre of the allegedly woke Tories on the back benches.  
The front cover of @ShippersUnbound’s next book, on the defeat of Brexit. Title: ‘The Second Battle of Hastings.’  
“Jeremy is a man of integrity, he’s been on the right side of international policy for decades” So he’s pro Brexit? “No, he’s changed his mind”  
Today on #ClickonWales Lord David Owen, Gwynoro Jones, Lord Elystan Morgan and Glyndwr Cennydd Jones discuss the need for a constitutional debate to run alongside the EU withdrawal discussions #Brexit  
Andrew Adonis: “There are still 15 months until Britain’s departure from the EU, time enough to hold a referendum on the government’s proposed Brexit terms”.The Brexit nationalist spasm can be stopped. #FBPE 
Which side would win an informed EU ref on final Brexit deal? 
In other news, the UK's Brexit position is so weak that France thinks that it can get more money out of the UK. 
Freeing yourself from the Brexit madhouse means freeing yourself from ever having to argue for it again. What a relief that must be! More MPs should follow Justine Greening's example and liberate their hearts and minds from the Brexit shambles! 
There has been a change of tone in national media coverage of Brexit. Until recently, Brexit was regarded as inevitable and the only issue was what terms Britain would secure from Brussels. Now Brexit is regarded as far from inevitable. #StopBrexit 
Friends! Summary:1. Through humility & understanding, we can still stop Brexit.2. And as proof of my humility, I am willing to become Prime Minister.3. I also understand that we must have a 2nd referendum, because the first one delivered the wrong result.4. That's all, folks!  
Baroness Coussins leads today's Lords debate on importance of MFL teaching in schools & universities, and impact of #Brexit. Watch live today at 13.00 UK time:  #LanguagePolicyUK 
Last night the Tory Govt voted not to retain the European Human Rights Charter  in UK law after Brexit. A Labour amendment, tabled by Jeremy Corbyn, sought to retain the provisions in the Charter but was voted down by 317 votes to 299. #EUWithdrawalBill 
We should always remember that it is national governments, not bodies like the EU, which are the greatest threat to our rights & liberties. #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit 
“Theresa May has been branded a “total hypocrite” for accepting £50,000 from a firm accused of making money off Carillion’s failure”.AND HOW MUCH FROM BREXIT?#FBPE#WATON#WeAreTheOppositionNow#StopBrexitSaveOURNHS#StopBrexit#EUWithdrawalBill 
Brussels is working with Remainers to cause panic about the future and build support to reverse Brexit - they won’t succeed, too late, Brexit is upon us... 
Ireland had a second referendum on the EU Lisbon Treaty.  If the facts have changed, UK should have 2nd #EURef 
Up to 1 Mln EU Migrants Could Settle in UK After Brexit, Report Warns  
Has anyone heard the Tories or Labour talking about MEDIOCRE UK productivity (due to poor infrastructure and gvt policies) and how to tackle it?#Brexit is pure blessing for them #FBPE 
SDP founder Lord Owen was originally pro-EU.Subsequently, he had high-profile roles in various EU projects.Seeing how it all worked, he became strongly anti-EU & was one of the first political heavyweights to campaign for Brexit.He speaks tonight. You can listen below:  
Theresa May to hand France £45million for border controls sparking fresh Tory row as Brexit looms 
Real wages fell because 1.Low UK productivity partly due to mediocre infrastructure and poor industrial policies2. #Brexit, GBP depreciation and rising inflation made it worse!!!  
Look, all we want is a simple yes/no referendum on whether we expel everyone who can't prove their ancestors were living in Britain prior to 14th October 1066, scrapping all French laws and shooting everyone who's ever spoken French.  
British newspapers generate hatred, freely. A strong government would set standards of decency and keep to them. We have no scrutiny. This is very much part of our national problem, which led to the catastrophe of the referendum. #FBPE 
SHAME: Just FOUR Labour MPs Supported the Brexit Withdrawal Bill   
So now you want our heads... The Sun’s Bye-EU Tapestry, which shows push for Brexit ending in decapitated Europeans, with flag-waving Britons standing over their dead bodies, “the joy unconfined”, is despicable. This hate-stirring must stop.  #TanjasDaily 
Facebook is investigating possible Russia meddling in Brexit  
.@ScotTories have become a protest party under Ruth Davidson. No ideas, no imagination, and no vision. Scotland needs politicians that put jobs, living standards and prosperity first, whilst Tories throw the economy under a Brexit bus to save themselves from an internal dispute.  
Brexit is about the future - nothing to fear  
So...on the 'news'  Brexit was meant to mean less immigration..... France:- You need to take in mair immigrant folk fae France and pay towards Calais costs...T May:- Aye, ok..     You couldn't write this, could you? 
Experienced EU nurse in NHS leaving UK over Brexit... taking her skills and taxes to Spain.  
France very generously polices our border and stops illegal migrants crossing into the UK. No reason for them to do that post Brexit. Something the frothing Brexiteers calling @LBC obviously don't understand 
‘As President Macron meets Mrs May, the vital take-away for him is that Brexit is not a done deal. It can still be stopped’  
From the day we voted to leave the EU, Nicola Sturgeon's SNP should have been putting all their efforts into preparing government, public service, institutions, business and the people to make the most of Brexit. Instead they've spent their time and our money undermining the UK. 
Or is Labour doing exactly what they said they'd do, respecting the result of the referendum but opposing any legislation which leaves ordinary people worse off? 
Er...weren’t we supposed to SAVE money with Brexit?  
THIS. The short film I made that won an award at Buffer Festival COST me, but it was worth it...the amount of discussion it has sparked about the upcoming abortion referendum in Ireland...SO very worth it. Please don’t be discouraged by YouTube’s new changes or, well, ANYthing  
Daniel Hannan: No matter how much Tusk might wish it, there will be no second referendum, and no cancellation of Brexit | Conservative Home  
CAPITULATION: Theresa May to hand France millions AND agree to take in more ‘child migrants’. First the Brexit bill, now this. Sickening.  
."The Brexit nationalist spasm can be stopped.". 
Was your MP amongst the 243 Labour MPs who voted to try and block the EU Withdrawal Bill which is essential for a smooth Brexit?Tell them they must put the national interest above playing politics and respect the referendum result:  
Only January and another poll finds a 10 point+ lead for Remain. This is before phase two of negotiations expose May's weakness and the lack of a viable Brexit plan. Every chance polls will say 60:40 by summer. Join us today to help #StopBrexit 
Is you local MP one of the 243 who voted to disrupt the #Brexit process?If so, send a message to Jeremy Corbyn telling him to respect the result of the EU Referendum. 
#Brexit will make the UK “a poorer country in every respect: diplomatically, socially and economically” 
The young voted overwhelmingly to remain in the EU. If we allow #Brexit to happen it will be a shameful betrayal of the young by the old. They are the future, they don’t dream of past glories, their minds aren’t clouded by outdated chauvinisms-Fight for them!  
If we somehow end up having to suffer another referendum let’s not make it a re-run of the first. My bit in today’s @TheNewEuropean 
Tactical voting in the council elections in May will send a big shock through the tribal parties: #ABTV = Anti-Brexit Tactical Voting. Vote for pro-EU parties.  
Theresa May and handing out taxpayers' hard-earned cash like confetti? France is out to shaft Britain at every turn over Brexit, the only reason so many migrants are parked at Calais is because of the EU's bonkers open borders. We're feeding the beast. Enough!  
Life long Labour voter? Voted Labour in 2017? Thought #JeremyCorbyn would deliver #Brexit?He just instructed his MPs to vote against the EU Withdrawal Bill.I thought you should know. So, is Labour conning you or is Labour conning the other lot? 
Brexit mess should be fixed where it started... in Parliament. Matt Kelly (@mk1969) argues why he's against another referendum.  
If BBC is capable of admitting, in relation to other European countries, that you can both be an EU member states & be sovereign (i.e. that one of the main arguments for Brexit is a bogus, false binary) why they haven’t pointed this out every time Leave twats claim the opposite? 
#Brexit is collective madness. It’s frightening. 
*Tory government* votes not to retain European #humanrights charter in UK law after Brexit A Labour amendment, tabled in the name of Jeremy Corbyn, sought to retain the provisions in the Charter but was voted down by 317 votes to 299. #EU 
Are the attacks on VC pay & high tuition fees “revenge for universities’ strong opposition to Brexit”? VCs think so. #brexit  
Video: #Blair's former spin doctor @campbellclaret on @SkyNews #Sunrise: "People are beginning to change their minds; people are beginning to realise that there's no deal better than the one we've got. People are entitled to change their minds.  #Brexit 
We, the better informed British public, DO NOT WANT BREXIT!  
"The bank’s forecasts were so far adrift as to be embarrassing."And this will have potentially devastating impacts on economic policy decisions.Anti-Brexit bias in our institutions must be corrected for all our futures  
We backed Remain but now we're embracing the opportunities of Brexit says @viviennestern 
So a minority gvmt, mired in incompetence, has voted for a v suspect Bill to enable a Brexit for which they have only red lines but no realistic plan and no national consensus and for which they will not tolerate scrutiny. Democracy hey? 
Well worth reading: The Bank of England’s cognitive bias against #Brexit  via @financialtimes 
Confirmation that Brexit is a religion, based on nothing more than blind faith.  
Here's The Sun's "hilarious" version of the Brexit Bayeux Tapestry.It depicts Theresa May et al storming Brussels and then May standing among the decapitated corpses of Angela Merkel, Emmanuel Macron and Jean Claude Juncker.This is a new level of insanity.#FBPE 
Daniel Hannan: No matter how much Tusk might wish it, there will be no second referendum, and no cancellation of Brexit  
If another referendum happens be ready.Do not talk about Europe like last time - it's kind of crap but we'd be fucked if we leave.Try talking about it as a force for good, a place of opportunity for our kids, and something we can be proud of being a part of. 
"US TRADE: POSITIVE WITH UK, NEGATIVE WITH THE EU27" - Another reason the EU are running scared.  @realDonaldTrump was justified to criticise the big EU27 countries. Full #Brexit story:  
Kia ora @JordNZ and @TaxpayersUnion! That nasty Hobson's Pledge are trying to bully @PNCityCouncil into having a pointless referendum on Māori wards, at rate payers' expense. Any chance you could denounce them rather than fapping off about work drinks that happened 3 years ago? 
‘EU demand is ABSURD’ May urged to stand strong over unlimited free movement post-Brexit  
This is coming from former Cabinet Minister Justine Greening.There is no question that the mood music surrounding Brexit has changed drastically in the last couple of months. Make sure that all the people you associate with know that too.#StopBrexit 
There's still time to reconsider #Brexit, Emmanuel Macron tells May before visit  
New poll finds British people would vote to scrap #Brexit in a second referendum  
‘Macron to ask Britain to pay up to save Calais border deal’During #Euroref we argued Le Touquet deal (meaning the border is effectively in France) would be at risk after Brexit. Brexiteers said this was project fear.Here it is becoming #BrexitReality 
The tide is turning! Whether it is #remainernow people like me accepting we were lied to, youngsters realising they needed to get out and vote, or even Tory politicians accepting it is simply wrong.....we will stop Brexit, we must stop Brexit! #BrexitShambles 
Guten Morgen Berlin! @Andrew_Adonis tells Europeans Brexit is NOT a Done Deal. Here in Die @welt cc @alison_smale 
The U.K. Statistics Authority has said the £350 million for the NHS was a ‘clear misuse of official statistics ‘. Congratulations to @Keir_Starmer for asking the watchdog to intervene over Johnson’s latest nonsense @Labour4EU @EuroLabour #Brexit  
Parliament can just hold a referendum instead of useless "consultations", the time for Apartheid relics like @pierredevos to bombard us with administrative acrobatics is over 
i cannot and will not ever respect a vote that was based on lies, deliberate deceptions that disenfranchised millions when they denied a vote to UK nationals with whom it seriously impacts upon - all designed to dupe the great british people to vote for the "Rich Mans Brexit" 
Brexit is a bonfire of rights - ask yourself why a self-serving elite wants such a thing?  
Soft Brexit will stuff everyone, still controlled by Brussels with no say. Full Brexit is the only way forward 
Thanks @JustineGreening for being one of the very few MPs to even mention future generations when discussing Brexit. However, 'undoing or reversing" Brexit isn't good enough. It would mean re-entry on far less favourable terms!Give us a #FinalSay in 2018! 
Catalan MPs meet for first time since referendum bid  
Our initial objective was to submit 2 panels on Brexit and differentiated integration. We ended up submitting 4 exciting proposals, which include 15 papers by 24 contributors. Very much looking forward to #UACES2018! 
The end of ever closer union#Brexit 
Good morning/middle of the night Remainers! whether you are sleepless over Brexit, feeding a baby, on the night shift, doing an allnighter to study for exams/ get that essay in, nursing a loved one, putting the dog out, insomniac, working in the NHS...etc We can still #stopbrexit 
But you narrowed the margin of victory which does offer the Lords the chance to take this shabby bit of autocratic legislation to the cleaners...Binding #FinalSay in 2018 to Confirm #Brexit or #StopBrexit 
Roll on #Brexit  
Young people have the most to gain from the freedom emanating from #Brexit.  
Theresa May MP: Undo vote 'that animals cannot feel pain or emotions' into the Brexit bill - Sign t...  via @UKChangePlease sign and share on all media sites. Thank You.@PeterEgan6 @rickygervais @Dr_Dan_1 @Burforders @Rachael_Swindon 
After Brexit, loneliness was an expected condition....  
$25M Lawrence Public Schools referendum promises universal air-conditioning if approved  
SWEXIT: Switzerland’s Top Party Initiates Referendum to Close Borders, Sever EU Ties  
Maine will have marijuana social clubs… in 2023 - Maine residents voted to approve social clubs in a 2016 referendum  pic.twitter.com/1yzoD9lpKl 
Was your MP amongst the 324 MPs who voted to hand the Govt unprecedented executive powers, diminish Parliament, remove rights & take powers from devolved Parliaments in pursuit of Brexit at any cost to the UK?Tell them they must put the national interest above blind faith.  
This privileged white man is the PM Britain so desperately needs. More intellect, more poise, and more statesmanship in one little finger, than the entire shadow cabinet combined. It's time for @Jacob_Rees_Mogg #Brexit #MoggMentum  via @BrexitCentral 
Tory MP tears into Boris Johnson over 'disgraceful, entirely deliberate deception' on £350m NHS claim.Brexit is built on a lie. It’s time to #StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
If you’re not sure on why this dullard has no intention of opposing Brexit...  
I think the hashtag #DivideNigeria is good because of the ignoramuses  who have no idea what we are talking about. They don't know what Biafra is and so how could they know referendum? 
May’s Brexit pledges have turned to ashes. Was she deluded or dishonest?There was no plan behind her Lancaster House promises. May needs to come clean on the risks and trade-offs of Brexit, argues @InFactsOrg’s @Hugodixon. #StopBrexit. #FBPE. #WATON. 
Life long Labour voter? Voted Labour in 2017? Thought #JeremyCorbyn would deliver Brexit?He just instructed his MPs to vote against the EU Withdrawal Bill.I thought you should know. So, is Labour conning you or is Labour conning the other lot? 
SHAME: Just FOUR Labour MPs Supported the Brexit Withdrawal Bill  
Let Joy Be Unconfined? What a disgusting and violent xenophobic depiction of Brexit by @TheSun showing May with bodies of decapitated Europeans around her. I am filing a complaint  
The European Parliament setting the pace on #RenewablesBut where will #Brexit leave #Scotland and our #climatechange and #SustainableEnergy ambitions??@MrMalky@forthword10 
That referendum was a shambles. No serious democracy undertakes huge constitutional change on a narrow victory with an unclear outcome in a referendum with dodgy campaigning, dark money and a restricted electorate. 
This is the moment @Plaid_Cymru group leader @LSRPlaid informs the House of Commons that the National Assembly for Wales has voted unanimously for @steffanlewis's Continuity Bill to stop the #Brexit power grab#SaveOurSovereignty 
The vast majority of the country is greatful for this sentiment, however there is no one in power with any sense to give the people another say on the matter/reverse Brexit...  
The next few months will finally expose the lies at the heart of Brexit for all to see, here comes Theresa May's Brexit Dilemma: either the Tory Party splits and Labour comes back to power or the UK falls apart and is reduced to England and Wales 
Then prove it. If Brexit is indeed in the national interest, show us the #ImpactAssessments or any report which demonstrates leaving the #EU is going to be beneficial to the UK - your own @hmtreasury reports show it is NOT. #CountryOverParty #StopBrexit #WATON #FBPE @W_A_T_O_N 
Irony: A Brexit vote fuelled by nostalgia for our imperial conquering days, that ends up closing the door on those Brits with the skills to represent our country abroad.#OFOC @teddyogden 
The optimism of people thinking Corbyn is playing a “long game” over Brexit is quite endearing though. As if, at the 11th Hour, he’ll give up those 30 years of anti-EU rhetoric. 
7 in 10 Labour constituencies voted Leave. No one was required to indicate political affiliation on the Brexit ballot paper.One sec. Let me strap in. Explain?   
Freeing yourself from the Brexit madhouse means freeing yourself from everhaving to argue for it again. What a relief that must be! More MPs should follow Justine Greening's example and liberate their hearts and minds 
Gosh, I wonder if anything like this could have been going on here during EU Referendum? I’m sure Mrs May is on it   
1) He’d have no Brexit2) He’d have no President Trump3) He’d have no loyalist troll accounts to RT every day (he RTd one minutes after this )4) He seems ok with the UVF remaining anonymous. He still hasn’t condemned the UVF killing in May last year.5) He’s an idiot  
Yup, that’s one way to get around Brexit! Imperial sets up joint research lab with top French research centre (CNRS). 
There is no such thing as a smooth Brexit. Any kind of Brexit will involve a tectonic shift in the way we live  
In the EU Parliament yesterday, Labour MEP's voted for the Common Fisheries policy to be carried on in any 'transition period' after #BREXIT. They are happy to see our fishing industry further decimated to satisfy their friends in Brussels to the detriment of UK working class 
A Referendum in which my British born family in EU & EU wife in UK had no vote but CW student from Mozambique had one & sold on a pack of lies & false promises & won by a slim majority is hardly a convincing mandate for such constitutional changes as hardBrexit or no deal entails 
Justine Greening warns that young people could undo Brexit.More like WILL undo Brexit... It’s time to #StopBrexit. #FBPE. #WATON. 
Consider this. Around 65% of Labour constituency’s voted to Brexit. Tonight 93% of Labour MPs voted to halt Brexit. Labour is the party of betrayal.  
Facebook widens probe into alleged Russian interference in Brexit via @WSJ 
Fancy working in Westminster to stop Brexit & protect liberal values? I'm looking for someone bright & politically astute who makes things happen to join my team:  
Brussels SHOCK: Switzerland preparing to END EU free movement with Brexit-style referendum  
Annoyed with @UKLabour posturing on Brexit?Annoyed with the 243 #Labour MPs that voted against the #Brexit Bill today and tried to halt progress?Then please sign this and RT and show #Corbyn you have had enough. 
Tory government votes not to keep European human rights charter in UK law after Brexit  
Living in Sheffield (literally Brexit city). Just had to look someone in the eye as I handed them my designs for anti-Brexit t-shirts for them to print.Awkward.... 
Shame on the 243 Labour MPs who voted to try & block #EUWithdrawalBill. This legislation is essential for us to ensure a smooth & orderly #Brexit for people & businesses. Those MPs should put the national interest above playing politics & respect the will of the British people!! 
We just lost sovereignty.#Brexit just stole sovereignty from us.When Parliament gives away its power - our delegated power - to the executive, our democracy is hollowed out.This is not taking back control.#StopBrexit2018#FBPE 
This eve we have voted to deliver Brexit as the EU Withdrawal Bill passed a crucial stage in the @HouseofCommons but Labour voted against the Bill & block Brexit - failing to deliver in our national interest. 
Brexit stamp collection....  
I should like to thank them. Brexit is not in the national interest. 
Was your MP amongst the 243 Labour MPs who voted to try and block the EU Withdrawal Bill which is essential for a smooth Brexit?Tell them they must put the national interest above playing politics and respect the referendum result:  
We don't want the "smoothest possible Brexit", we want one that's been scrutinised appropriately & deemed worthy.You don't want that, because you know we'll see how stupid the whole experiment is, & you'll be revealed for the charlatans you are.  
The only Brexit that is in the national interest is a #DeadBrexit 
The toxic far right @Conservatives are blatantly using #brexit as a Trojan horse to steal away basic human rights, workers rights, animal & environmental protection - as predicted  
I'm really unsure about a second referendum. I know its a way to draw a line under this either way but Leave knobbled the last with a load of horseshit. Id prefer that we write a list of everything Leave promised voters. If they deliver we Brexit. If not we Remain. 
The worst part about all that's going on in Scottish politics just now with the withdrawal bill, Brexit, the threat to devolution and the shambles of Labour's budget challenge is that outside of us few on Twitter nobody will know about it. It's up to you to be the media.#indyref2 
No, there will be a referendum on your Government’s Brexit deal and we will regain our relationship with Europe and the world which you are wrecking  
#Brexit Deal May Be 'Undone' By Younger Generation, Says Justine Greening  
New poll finds British people think we would vote to scrap Brexit in a second referendum.12 point lead for Remain: excluding don’t knows, 56% say we would vote Remain vs 44% say we would Leave.#StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
Last votes on the EU Withdrawal Bill in @HouseofCommons as it goes to the Lords. And Ophelia's first vote too! We both voted against Brexit.  
Brussels is working with Remainers to cause panic about the future and build support to reverse Brexit, says @thesun 
I don’t think I have the energy to Brexit bash anymore, at this point resistance is futile. Motions carry for the greater good, how great the good is at the minute is questionable to say he least. 
It’s time to take a ‘no deal’ Brexit off the table, argues @jameschappers  
Davidson said on GMS a few months back that the Brexit arrangements for Scottish fisheries & agriculture would be agreed between her, the UK govt & the industries. No mention of Scottish Govt. My jaw dropped. Checked on iPlayer. Right enough. She said it. 
Astounding that both main parties thru ideology & self interest pursue a #Brexit policy that must leave us poorer & with less control, when they've a great excuse not to:37% voting Leave in a non-Binding poll! Both will pay unless we get a Binding #FinalSay to Confirm #Brexit or  
Coming tomorrow in @TheSun .. the Bye-EU Tapestry #BayeuxTapestry #Brexit  
Facebook Is investigating possible Russia meddling in Brexit vote  
Second vote not undemocratic, Irish PM says on Brexit  
Brussels SHOCK: Switzerland preparing to END EU free movement with Brexit-style referendum 
There is no such thing, @BrandonLewis, as a smooth and orderly #Brexit. Kindly stop trying to deceive the British people. I am assuming that you are intelligent enough not to believe this nonsense. #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit  
Despite #LabourMomentum best efforts to block Brexit the @theresa_may leads the EU Withdrawal Bill through 
@Jacob_Rees_Mogg  has every right to his say....after all, those who are unelected, yourself included, have far too much to say about how our government operates, which is precisely why the sensible majority voted for #Brexit 
Brexit is a massive tax scam. The Brexit Taliban's backers want to dodge the taxes that all ordinary people have to pay. #FBPE #Remain #StopBrexit #WATON 
Theresa May accuses LAB of playing politics.The same Theresa May who bribed the DUP with £1 billion for power. The same Theresa May who called an election to give her more power for her Brexit.Theresa May is a hypocrite.......#ToriesOut2018 
Labour voters I spoke to in Wolverhampton during the general election were overwhelmingly Leave voters. They only voted Labour as they believed Labour would deliver proper Brexit- many went Lab from UKIP.I hope they remember this betrayal at the next election!!  
Ruth trying to be Scotland's voice in Brexit negotiations rather than the democratically elected First Minister.  
Instead of leaving it to our young to undo Brexit and its idiocy, how about we #StopBrexit2018 for them? 
A Tory minister ousted in the New Year reshuffle has warned that young people could overturn Brexit  
Flagship Brexit legislation has cleared the House of Commons after MPs approved the EU Withdrawal Bill   
The bill to repeal EU supremacy over Britain has passed its 3rd reading 324-295 and is now on its way to the House of Lords. Will the lords honour the will of the people, and the bill's passage through the elected house or will they sign their own abolition warrant?#Brexit  
Facebook opens probe into Russian involvement in Brexit  
Can’t wait to go head-to-head with Jacob Rees-Mogg on BBC this Sunday. So crazed are the Brexiteers that the Mogg is now attacking the House of Lords for ... doing its job as second chamber of the Parliament whose ‘sovereignty’ he claims to be ‘restoring’’ by Brexit! 
Brexit Explained  
Facebook is investigating possible Russia meddling in Brexit  
Failing to oppose Brexit in face of lies, broken promises, unspeakable damage to nation and countless examples of #Bregret is most shameful act of cowardice. Every single one of complicit MPs will be remembered for their failure to act in national interest 
Britain can always re-apply for EU membership after the "catastrophe" of Brexit, Jean-Claude Juncker says  
As Theresa May beats a path for Brexit, the EU opens the door for U.K.'s return  
It’s genuinely not too late to cancel Brexit, EU says  
No money for nurses or the NHS. But a magic money tree for Carillion, Virgin/Stagecoach, the DUP, Brexit… You’re ‘aving a larf, Mrs May 
This is Brexit. 'Polish' written on Lithuanian family's car in Wisbech 'hate crime' 
No such thing. Brexit is against the national interest and you are enacting it to hold your party together. Party before country. Duplicity before integrity. 
Retweet the heck out of this please. Secret Stop Brexit flash mob happening in Kent this Saturday lunchtime. Follow @louisepots for more info. More to come... #stopbrexit #flashmob #resist #remain #WATON #FBPE @W_A_T_O_N @mikegalsworthy @acgrayling 
Brexit or Remain?We did this poll 10 days ago, and the answer was clear:64% Pro-EU parties 29% Labour 05% Conservative 02% UKIP Has it changed today? If there was a general election tomorrow who would you vote for? It would be helpful if you could RT when voted please: 
So the EU withdrawal bill gets through the HoC despite the fudge on the #Brexit impact assessments. If #Brexit were a second hand car, it would have just passed it's MoT without even being looked at by a mechanic. 
Labour are putting politics above the national interest. Only the Conservatives will deliver a smooth and orderly Brexit.  
Neither main party in the Commons now cares about or takes responsibility for the consequences of their actions. They're playing a political game and don't care what happens to ordinary people. #Brexit 
A bunch of Geordie RSPCA officers risk their lives rescue an old dog from a frozen river.I propose we scrap Brexit and just watch this video for the next 8 years. 
 243 @UKLabour MP's just tried to block the #Brexit bill going through.It now proceeds to the Lords.  What will the #Labour lords do?Why are Labour constantly trying to delay Brexit?#LabourFail  
Justine Greening warns that young people could undo Brexit  
Like #Brexit before it #CalExit and #NewCalifornia are Russian active measures intended to divide. Questions ANY secession movements (like prior ones run by GOP allies in the south). It's a Russian OP look who's pushes. CalExit founder lives in Russia now. 
The UK has officially lost its marbles.  How could you NOT do an assessment of the impact of Brexit?At least you can say “you voted for it” to absolve yourselves of any blame.  Crafty!“Will of the people” did mean throwing out all caution and common sense, right?   
Someone buy these Labour MPs a drink at the bar for voting to support our democracy!! @KateHoeyMP @frankfieldteam @JohnMannMP & Graham StringerThank you!! #WithdrawalBill #Brexit  
‘If Brexit doesn’t work for young people it will not be sustainable.’ It doesn’t, so it won’t. Which is why we are moving towards a referendum.  
Nigel Farage - "You don’t want Britain to leave because you know if they do that others will leave too. I fear that you are all working together with Tony Blair and Nick Clegg to make sure we get the worst possible deal." #Brexit  
The EU Withdrawal Bill is essential to ensuring the smoothest possible Brexit. But tonight 243 Labour MPs voted to try and block it - putting politics above the national interest.  
Nigel Farage to Irish PM - "You’re prepared to put your devotion to the European project above the interest of Irish farmers and other companies." #Brexit  
Gosh hope so otherwise wouldn’t have spent all afternoon and evening voting to try to defend citizen rights as government uses brexit to deconstruct our democracy…I mean if I am not and I have been doing that well… #awks.. 
Important approval for Withdrawal Bill. Thank you to all MPs who scrutinised: a better Bill goes to the Lords & Brexit is a step closer. 
Mr Juncker described Brexit as a "lose-lose situation" for Britain and the EU and a "catastrophe".  
Today was a good day. All parties, yes, 100%, voted to keep the powers Wales has, in Wales, with the Assembly.Taking powers from Wales was not on the Brexit ballot paper.Thanks to @steffanlewis for his work on the #WelshContinuityBill #Senedd 
MPs approve #EUWithdrawalBill that will sever ties with the EU, after a vote - by 324 to 295 - in the Commons  #Brexit 
Facebook has reopened an investigation into foreign attempts to meddle in Brexit, promising to look for brand new accounts linked to Russia that have not been reported on before.  
One reason to halt Brexit is to put the Leavers out of their misery. Most of them now know it was the wrong decision and can't bring themselves to admit it. We need to show them compassion. 
Big step forward for delivering Brexit as the Withdrawal Bill passes a crucial stage in the @HouseofCommons. 
#BREAKING British MPs approve landmark Brexit bill, send it to Lords 
Oh well Brexit Bill done in Commons ... UK Parliament shooting UK in the foot .. pushes #indyref2 front and centre now. 
>@HardingMike: "I’m 73 and have voted Labour all my life... This year, more left than ever, I tore up my Labour party membership card in disgust."Mike, if you want a principled left-wing party that is wholeheartedly against #Brexit, please consider @TheGreenParty. 
Facebook begins investigation of Russian interference in Brexit campaign  
Animal charities call on @theresa_may's government to 'put words into action' on post-Brexit animal …  @the_ecologist 
If you weren't on social media, you would never know a big Brexit vote was held last night. So fed up with the MSM. 
Farage accuses #EU of COLLUDING with Blair & Clegg“I fear you are all working together with Tony Blair & Nick Clegg to make sure we get the worst possible deal"“You don’t want Britain to Leave because you know if they do others will leave too"#Brexit 
Merkel’s Brexit NIGHTMARE: 18,000 German car firm jobs at risk as prices set to HIKE  
For the avoidance of doubt.Remain means Remain.#FBPE #StopBrexit #brexit 
Brexiters who rant about the EUSSR demonstrate that they regard the difference between a group of freely cooperating democracies and a genocidal totalitarian empire as of no consequence. And that says all we need to know about them.#StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE #WATON 
Thank you @MichelBarnier for coming to update us on Brexit. Your cool and calm approach to these difficult negotiations are really admirable @ALDEgroup 
Every time I check the news, there’s a new hand extended from the EU, giving us the opportunity to halt Brexit. Now @EmmanuelMacron extends the hand of friendship. We need real leadership, for our present & future, & for the generations to come. 
The Bayeux Tapestry France has a history of extraordinary soft diplomacy (Statue of Liberty gift to US) - Tapestry gesture signals willingness to maintain strong bilateral relationship with UK post-Brexit - @GeorginaEWright 
WATCH | Dutch MEP, Marcel de Graaff speaks out in support of Brexit, blasting the so-called benefits of the Single Market, Eurofederalism and mass migration.Top man!  
This BEGGARS belief !There appears to be a campaign promoting the BIZARRE NOTION that if you vote anything except Labour in the LOCAL ELECTIONS it will STOP #Brexit !They just don't GET it ! 
The UK has officially lost its marbles.  How could you NOT do an assessment of the impact of Brexit?At least they can say “you voted for it”.“Will of the people” did mean throwing out all caution and common sense, right? Welcome to the world of plebiscite referendums   
On a positive note, there were 99 votes in favour of the SNP cross-party single market amendment - including the SNP, Lib Dem, Plaid Cymru, and Green MPs, Ken Clarke (the sole Tory MP), Lady Sylvia Hermon, and 48 Labour MPs who rebelled against Jeremy Corbyn's hard Brexit orders. 
Despite repeatedly claiming that Labour "respects the referendum result". @Keir_Starmer has just told the @HouseofCommons that his party will shortly oppose giving a Third Reading to the EU Withdrawal Bill that delivers on that very result... 
Hard line Brexit/Right of politics.C.D.M lover. P.C. Hater. Cat lover. Bristol Rovers & West Ham supporter. 6 kids. 5 Grandkids. Loves Chick flicks/Chick Lit.  
.The EU cares about peace in Northern IrelandTheresa May's government does NOTThe DUP does NOTCorbyn's Labour does NOTThey ALL care more about Brexit. 
Just seen the Labour party political broadcast about NHS funding. Laudable sentiments; and if Labour were to come out and fight #Brexit to get it stopped, the UK could save billions, so the NHS could be properly funded. You can't do both. 
Facebook investigates Russian links to Brexit vote via @POLITICOEurope 
Jeremy Corbyn whipped Labour MPs to abstain on the SNP's cross-party single market amendment. While every single Scottish Tory MP voted against it. Both parties have helped make a devastating Tory hard Brexit that bit more likely #EUWithdrawalBill 
So the government are trying to keep the public in the dark about the fact that Article 50 can be revoked.Everyone needs to know that Article 50 can be revoked.#Brexit #StopBrexit #a50challenge #A50 #FBPE #WATON 
These expats are going to court to save Brits' EU rights after Brexit  
The Labour Party needs to understand when people voted for Brexit, they voted to leave the single market and customs union. That was very clear, they are just trying to block Brexit altogether. 
Further confirmation that we can choose to stop Brexit at any time.  
Labour has rubber-stamped the Tories Brexit plan that risks 80,000 jobs in Scotland. #EUWithdrawalBill Read more:  … 
Can anyone guess what the labour policy on Brexit is now? Seems even their own MPs don’t know anymore  
Labour front bench once again voting against maintaining seamless economic links with the European Union. Tory little helpers for an extreme Brexit 
We Cannot Take This Government's Word That Our Rights Will Be Protected Through Brexit – @DawnButlerBrent 
Another @JolyonMaugham case. I think he’s entirely right in using the beautiful breadth of the EU legal system to test the legal framework of #Brexit. A valuable contribution. “Britons tell Dutch court their EU rights cannot be removed“  
Juncker on #Brexit: -"We are not throwing out the British, we want them to stay. And if they want to, they should be able to.-"Be it as it may, once the British have left under Article 50 there is still Article 49 which allows a return to membership and I would like that."  
Facebook has gone and reopened its investigation into Russia and Brexit  
#WATON When the German student movement saw there was no opposition in the Bundestag in 1968, they created their own APO (Außerparlamentarische Opposition). This is what #Remain has to be. We need to fight back, before Brexit  destroys Britain. #FBPE  
DUP MP calls for Government to prepare appointment of “Direct Rule ministers”... though understand one last last throw of Executive negotiation dice likely...This is important stuff, impacts confidence & supply deal & Brexit  
Facebook has gone and reopened its investigation into Russia and Brexit 
Sacked cabinet minister says Brexit is unsustainable 'unless it works for the young' 
Anna SOUBARY mouthing off in the commons again this hateful angry Remoaner would never accept the result if we won a referendum every week she only sees thing's her way has no will to debate anything and carrys so much anger everyone has a view but this one is OTT needs sedation 
New poll finds British people would vote to scrap Brexit in a second referendum  via @BIUK_Politics 
@TomTugendhat how did you vote on this please?This is utterly outrageous!  Yet another example of this suicidal government attitude to Brexit.What business plan of this scale would be done without an impact assessment?!  Madness! Utterly, utterly, shameful! 
#Brexit Britain makes me think of Greece and Italy, countries dragged down by politically corrupt governments, spineless vote-grubbing politicians, mass tax-dodging by the rich and ruling classes pervaded by incompetence.#StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON 
We cannot take this government's word that our rights will be protected through brexit  
Young people are very canny and have a disarming knack of seeing through all the rubbish that 'infects' UK politics. They should have been given the vote at 16, they are entitled to it, and with it we would never have entered this Brexit lottery.  
Was again informed today that I could leave the country if I didn’t like #Brexit. In fact I largely already have, but I’m still going to fight for the decent country I still love and see as home.#StopTheMadness #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Mis-sold brexit and voted leave? Now realize it was a mistake and don't know what to do about it? Come join us on the remain side, you'll l get a good welcome & find some of the nicest people around. 
A reminder to those Brexiters who shamefully or ignorantly pretend that the British were not helped by their fellow Europeans during WW2. #StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
The @LibDems are fighting the government today in the Lordsas they try and sneak in new powers giving them dangerous powers to create new criminal offences without scrutiny. Part of their approach to Brexit. #FBPE 
Those of us on the #Remain side need to start planning now. In my view another referendum is increasingly likely and we now have a probable time frame.2018 can be the year we #ExitFromBrexit 
Second vote not undemocratic, Irish PM says on Brexit  
The SNP ought to grasp that Brexit can hold the key to a brighter economic future for Scotland, writes @rorybroomfield 
Brexit: "The people of Ireland are profoundly grateful for the unswerving support of this Parliament," Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar today →   
Closest vote so far on a Lib Dem #Brexit amendment. Just 19 votes behind the Govt. Great to have Labour support on a New Clause which would require Govt to extend or cancel Article 50 if Parliament rejects either the Govt agreement with the EU or No Deal. 
Jacob Rees-Mogg has issued a warning to the House of Lords not to BLOCK #Brexit 
British holidaymakers could have to provide their criminal record, immigration history and biometric data to travel in Europe after Brexit, peers have heard  
I completely agree with @JustineGreening. Brexit cannot last - and nor will her party in its current form - because we are less than 10 years away from millenials taking control of the UK. We will simply undo it.  And there is nothing Leavers can do about it. 
JOURNEY TO YES #20 Nina and Craig say Yes. Our friends in the North on Indyref, Brexit, NHS and why Scotland must leave the UK @danish_buddleia 
Many thanks to you @JustineGreening for your critical intervention in the Brexit "debate" (if only it were possible for it to be a decent & true debate). You become an honorary member of #WATON (#WeAreTheOppositionNow) Many of us who stand for #StopBrexit want this for our kids. 
Merkel’s Brexit NIGHTMARE: 18,000 German car firm jobs at risk as prices set to HIKE  
I welcome the fact that Facebook have now responded to @CommonsCMS request for information regarding the abuse of their platform during the Brexit Referendum. I look forward to reviewing their findings.  
2014 - Vote NO to stay in the EU - Vote NO to get the most powerful devolved Parliament in the world2018 - Out of the Single Market and Customs Union with a hard Brexit  - Devolved Powers being stripped with the final say being laid before unelected Lords in England 
The Secret Diary of Andrew Parnall Aged 60 1/4.24/6/16 - Bugger!25/6/16 - Not getting behind it....31/12/16 - Not getting over it1/1/17 - No fucking way....14/11/17 - Fuck Brexit ....31/12/17 - As 30/12/171/1/18 - Not fucking getting over it....17/1/18 - See 14/11/17 
My reply to Farage's disgraceful re-writing of history, following Irish Taoiseach's speech to @Europarl_EN today. The EU was instrumental in the Peace Process and Brexit must not undo all we have achieved. Millions across the country are still fighting Brexit.  
Just spoke in the Commons in support of my cross-party amendment to #EUWithdrawalBill to hold ministers' feet to the fire on establishing a new, environmental regulator, so as to avoid a governance gap opening from Exit Day #Brexit  
We're about to wrap up our #Brexit survey but there's time to have YOUR voice heard. It only takes five minutes and the more responses we have, the more we can lobby in government on your behalf  
So if Mrs May’s Brexit deal is rejected in a referendum, our European partners will be happy for us simply to withdraw the notice that we intend to leave!  
Helped by Brexit:“NHS 'haemorrhaging' nurses as 33,000 leave each year” - BBC News  
Because #Labour doesn’t know where it stands on #Brexit?  
Switzerland preparing to END EU free movement with Brexit-style referendum  
What could cause Scotland more economic damage than Brexit? Scottish Labour's James Kelly. No budget, no tax proposals, no idea.  
Brexit will be "unsustainable" and could be undone unless it works for young people, ex-Cabinet minister Justine Greening says  
May SHAMES SNP with BRUTAL statistic about Scottish economy while they WHINE about Brexit  
Good to meet Taoiseach Leo Varadkar today after his speech on the future of Europe. We know the Brexit negotiations are existential for Ireland. The EU will stand behind you. We are all Irish #WeAreEurope  
MPs are about to vote on the SNP's cross-party amendment to the EU Withdrawal Bill, which would protect our single market membership and prevent a devastating hard Brexit:   
Rees-Mogg and his Bentley.He really does understand the concerns of ordinary families, that’s why he wants the hardest of hard Brexits and reads the Telegraph. Stop Brexit.#FBPE 
''The country voted to leave the EU, and the Government is clear that there must be no attempts to remain inside the EU, no attempts to rejoin it through the back door, and no second referendum.'' 
The reasons for Britain's collective self-harming are complex so there's unlikely to be one clear single focus for intervention - but it is great to hear our friends will stand by us.There's still time to reconsider #Brexit Macron tells May before visit  
We can stay so please reverse Brexit #StopBrexit #FBPE 
“People are entitled to keep an open mind on Brexit” @ChukaUmunna arguing that #A50 is revocable. He’s right on both points. 
Our Chief Executive @pamela_nash has responded to today's poll showing only a third of people want another independence referendum in the next five years. Read here:  
#LordsQs @SarahLudford attacks government for rising costs and red tape of #Brexit as changes to border rules will see UK citizens facing delays and queues. Is it time we had an exit from Brexit?  
“The EU referendum was not a mandate to take powers away from Wales,” says @SteffanLewis, “Quite the opposite was promised the people of Wales.” 
Second vote not undemocratic, Irish PM says on Brexit  
Brexit will "not be sustainable" if it does not work for young people, Justine Greening has said in her first remarks after being forced out of Theresa May's cabinet  
On accusations of trying to sabotage Brexit, @steffanlewis, who is currently being treated for cancer, says: "I've learned over the past few weeks life is far too short not to believe what you say and say what you believe." 
From Brexit to South American trade deals and #FutureOfEurope: excellent meetings with @guyverhofstadt and @jyrkikatainen this afternoon in Strasbourg 
At #PMQs today, the Labour leader @JeremyCorbyn didn’t mention anything about #Brexit. Sorry, @DonaldTusk and @JunckerEU, London isn’t listening to your heartfelt message. Please read and share @Jon_Danzig’s report:  
And here's Justine Greening's first backbench intervention: "If Brexit doesn’t work for young people in our country, in the end it will not be sustainable. When they take their place here, they will seek to improve or undo what we have done and make it work for them." 
“Oh Brexit what crimes are being committed in your name” Dominic Grieve on how our own UK constitution is being ripped up as we leave the EU 
Dominic Grieve says Brexit is smashing up the domestic constitution "bigtime" 
British expats legal battle: UK nationals go to Dutch courts to secure post-Brexit rights  
Only a third of Scots want #indyref2, yet some are still banging on about it. It’s time Nicola listened to the people of Scotland, we don’t want another divisive referendum!      
“You are part of course of a big attempt here and elsewhere to frustrate and to attempt to overturn Brexit.“You don’t want Britain to leave cause you know if they do, others will leave too.”  
Pure ignorance. Margaret Thatcher was the prime architect of the Single Market and would have known exactly how to deal with ignorant trolls like @NadineDorries.#StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
Spain's Constitutional Court suspends commission investigating police violence on the day of the referendum in #Catalonia 
What does Poland want from Brexit and how will it affect Polish-British relations? @guardianaudio's Brexit Means... podcast with @JenniferMerode, @AgataGostynska, @jonhenley & myself 
Former Education Secretary Justine Greening says "if Brexit doesn't work for young people, it will not in the end be sustainable" in her first Brexit intervention since leaving the Cabinet 
RT Which best represents your view ? ‘We Are The Opposition Now #WATON - or #Momentum #JeremyCorbyn ‘s  #Brexit ? 
I agree. But you know what else will do serious damage to the UK’s public services and fleece taxpayers of billions of pounds? Brexit. ... So come on, @jeremycorbyn, let’s put an end to that biggest of all threats too. 
Of course we're going to undo it. We aren't blinded by mad tales of Empire, we're living in the modern world.The EU is the future, whatever happens with Brexit. 
I read that some top people in the EU are saying that Brexit doesn't have to go ahead, it isn't too late.It is too late, because the referendum decided it, and that is it. Unfortunately, that is it.How's your Wednesday, folks, yous alright? 
Oh Here We Go ... Now there's an Article 49 that says that we could join again after #Brexit ... Knowing what we all know now, who in their right mind would join the EU today ? I say #BrexitForever 
A blue fucking passportA fucking 1st Class Brexit fucking stampA new fucking Royal YachtThis is the weak, pathetic fucking extent of the fucking Quitterati's fucking imagination.The NHS can go fuck itself, as long as you get your blue fucking passport? Fucking seriously? pic.twitter.com/jUrDRCYgrP 
Labour stalwart Tony Benn had the EU's number from the off. With the European elite now calling for Remoaners to "find a way out" of Brexit, the conclusion Benn reached on their lack of democratic principles is more justified than ever!  
That’s the former Cabinet Minister who defied the PM last Monday, suggesting that the current Brexit trajectory is not working for young Britons and that they in future might “undo” it 
Justine Greening makes dramatic first backbench intervention in EU Withdrawal Bill : “bottom line is that if Brexit doesnt work for young people in pour country in the end it will not be sustainable, and, they will seek to improve or undo what we have done and make it work”  
Great intervention in #Brexit debate from recently resigned Justine Greening - the next generation will have to repair the damage if/when Brexit goes wrong. 
Tory and recent Cabinet Minister Justine Greening intervenes in #Brexit debate in Commons to say that if Brexit “doesn’t work for young people...it will not be sustainable” @Open_Britain 
Justine Greening makes first intervention on EU Withdrawal Bill: "If Brexit doesn't work for young people in this country it will not be sustainable - we have a duty to look ahead" 
Remember the #Brexit promises Theresa May made a year ago in her Lancaster House speech?- single market access w/o membership- no more money to EU budget- end ECJ jurisdiction- protect workers' rights- strengthen the UnionHow's that going? 
Why I think the replacement of the EU’s awful Common Agricultural Policy with a system of subsidies that directly rewards land managers for restoring nature is the most exciting thing about Brexit. @CAupdates 
The Blairites are the cancer of Labour. The pro EU as well as pro Brexit and the Party must pull it self together and back Jeremy Corbyn. We must all work together for a Labour Government. We should spend time fighting the Tories not fighting amongst ourselves. 
Public have a right to know that MPs can extend or revoke the Article 50 notification if circumstances require this in the national interest. New Clause 6 requires Ministers to share summary of legal advice. Voting from 4:30pm in Commons. #options #Brexit 
At a presser after his address to the #EPplenary, @campaignforleo states that "I really regret the impact which Brexit is going to have on young people in the UK - the fact that they are going to lose their right to live, travel, work and study anywhere in the EU" @Open_Britain 
Shadow Brexit Minister Pennycook says Govt going to be in “ludicrous position” of having to amend Withdrawal Bill with Withdrawal Agreement Implementation Bill... ie temporarily repealing the Repeal of European Communities Act for transitionGrieve intervenes: “Virtual certainty” 
EU leaders say it, Macron says it, legal experts say it, the architect of Article 50 says it, for God's sake even Nigel Farage says it! Brexit is not an inevitable process, we can change our minds if we want to.  
There's still time to reconsider Brexit, Macron tells May before visit  
Brexit minister under fire for link to pro Brexit charity. Cobden Centre didn’t notify Companies House of Baker’s resignation  @FerretScot exclusive 
The words “Made in England,” “Grown in Great Britain” & “Made in Great Britain” will soon be seen on items and produce again. Purchase with pride, once we escape the claws of the EU with #Brexit 
EU27 perspective on fisheries after Brexit. Note that the UK buys 6.7% of EU27 seafood exports, while the EU27 buys 68% of UK exports.  
Parliament will be considering my amendment to the #EUWithdrawalBill today. Find it in full below. It will safeguard the UK's #environment after #Brexit and ensure no reduction in protection  
Apart from Ken Clarke, every single Tory MP said NO to incorporating the ECHR into Post-Brexit law. Yet another promised Tory 'rebellion' that vanished intio the ether... 
“If tomorrow, or the day after, the UK decided to change its mind, it’s clear that we would look at this with kindness,”Brexit is not inevitable. If the British people change their minds, Brexit can be reversed.  
Members of the British public say: We do not want to be part of a United States of Europe. AND the EU's attitude is that if have a referendum & get the “wrong answer” you must continue to have more referendums until you get the “right answer”.  
I've said this before & been laughed at but I'm going to keep saying it. Brexit is a smokescreen to distract the public while the Scottish Parliament is dismantled. It was always about Scotland. England without Scottish assets will sink like a stone. Scotland is being stolen! 
We will not let opponents of Brexit divert us in our mission to deliver a Bill that guarantees a stable legal order, writes @SteveBakerHW 
What a bloody pity that Corbyn has completely ruined what could have been a highly desirable lurch to the left, by supporting Brexit and thereby guaranteeing no possibility of Labour ever coming to power. 
Peter is right. Brexit is much bigger than poltics. It steals the future from our children. Brexit robs the "Great" from Britan. Let's bin Brexit and make Britain 10% greater. #Remain #FBPE 
A reminder: The government thinks the votes of 40% of union members are needed for a 'disruptive' public sector strike, but regards 37% of a rigged electorate in an advisory referendum as sufficient for the vastly more disruptive #Brexit. No mandate for #Brexit#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Tory Minister #AnnaSoubry Claimed £14 Cost Of Delivering Remembrance Day Poppies #PMQs #Brexit #UKIP #BritishArmy 
Shocking. Yet another reason to stop Brexit.  
“The EU is undemocratic. Brexit will take back control from unelected EU bureaucrats.”  
EU bill will put Welsh powers 'back under lock and key at Westminster', says @LSRPlaid@theresa_may insists @WelshGovernment will get extra powers after #Brexit#PMQs 
Important thread on why @toadmeister's 'progressive eugenics' is not an isolated incident of far right thinking, and its connection to #Brexit  
Anti-Brexit Millionaire Mullins Says Softie Sadiq Can’t Run London, Will Run for Mayor   
"The promises made by the Prime Minister last January are today as worthless as a degree certificate from Trump University."A year since Lancaster House, @ChukaUmunna says May should be honest accept that Brexit on the terms it was sold is undeliverable 
Anna Soubry is not happy about #BrexitLet's see:#GE2017  Broxtowe:....... 25,983 votes - 46.8%#EURef Broxtowe Leave:..35,754 votes - 54.6%#EURef All UK Leave:17,410,742 votes - 51.9%If you neither respect the choice of your constituency nor country, what are you? 
When someone baits you with a terrible Brexit deal, publicly calls you dishonest, blackmails you for £40 billion, makes jokes and laughs about you, they shamefully disrespect you, they are your enemy.   
A good % of those who would like to vote #Labour (like me) have a huge dilemma - want to remain loyal to the party and its values, but simply cannot reconcile this with @jeremycorbyn stance on #Brexit. Question for @UKLabour - why would we vote for you if we are #StopBrexit? 
The Irish PM gave a speech in the EU Parliament and @Nigel_Farage can sense collusion to delay or stop Brexit. This is his electric response.  
Another #Labour MP backs second #referendum on #brexit if public want it : via @leftfootfwd 
Leave voters on trolleys in hospital corridors not getting treated bc there's less money for the NHS due to diminished tax revenues bc of Brexit... Will their dying words be "You lost deal with it"?  
*sigh* Ok, one more time:He called for A50 to be invoked immediately.He 3 line whipped Labour MPs to support invoking A50.He has stated, repeatedly AND FALSELY that the UK can’t stay in the single market.EVERYTHING CORBYN SAYS & DOES shows he’s pro-Hard Brexit. EVERYTHING.  
.@IanBlackfordMP "Quite frankly that’s not good enough. 19 months after the EU referendum and the Prime Minister has not a shred of economic analysis on leaving the Single Market." #PMQs 
It's clear from the PM's answer to @IanBlackfordMP that she has not even asked for an economic impact of #Brexit This is a clueless Tory Govt leading us over the #Brexit cliff. 
Ian Blackford (SNP): 19 months after EU ref and the PM has not a shred of analysis of Brexit on U.K. economy #PMQs 
My cartoon Wednesday on the #BayeuxTapestry: it's one in the eye for #TheresaMay (and two in the arse for #Boris)..... #Brexit  
#Brexit: Irish prime minister Leo Varadkar warns Britain: All European countries are small countries on the world stage, even if they don’t know it yet  
May’s Brexit pledges have turned to ashes. Was she deluded, dishonest, or both?There was no plan behind the promises she made a year ago, just broken promises and empty threats, yet she still triggered article 50 
This now deleted tweet, sadly says so much about the broader attitude of the London centric remain campaigners - their attitude towards and regard for all those who support #Brexit  
WATCH | Vintage @Nigel_Farage blasts Taoiseach Leo Varadkar, accusing him of being part of an effort to "frustrate" and "overturn" Brexit.  
The Bayeux tapestry is an intriguing symbol of post-Brexit co-operation  
 Clean Brexit is only Brexit Socialism is dead, The Arsenal, Wenger out, Clockend Highbury 1978-2006, Rangers   
1st Class Brexit stamp.  
Nurse pay has been cut by about 10% (real terms) in the last five years, the Brexit debacle, and nursing patients in corridors. Any wonder nurses leave?It’s one thing to feel valued, but a pat on the back doesn’t put bread on the table. #NHSCrisis 
Good news! Parliament is going to debate the petition “End the export of live farm animals after Brexit.”on 26th FebruaryThank you to all who signed and retweeted. Keep signing!  
They told us leaving the EU would be easy. It isn't.They said we'd hold all the cards. We don't.They said they'd pour £ms into the NHS. They won't.They said there'd be no downside. They were wrong.They say there can be no second referendum. They're wrong again.  
Britain should re-join EU using Article 49 after Brexit, Jean-Claude Juncker says  
From Bolton News:Well done Manchester for Europe (@Mcr4EU), Manchester Uni for Europe & Manchester Scientists for EU (@ManSci4EU)!... who lobbied Andy Burnham for a Manchester-centred Brexit impact study. The neglect must be addressed.  
Cc the ultra-remainers that seek to reverse Brexit. Not going to happen.  
WEAK: Macron demanding more UK money to deal with migrant chaos in Calais, May set to fork out AND accept more child migrants.First the Brexit bill and now this... 
Vardakar on Brexit: We have to move away from the idea that a country can have all the benefits and none of the obligations. 
Nigel Farage very clear in his Europarl speech today that he is completely against a 2nd Referendum on Brexit. 
Depending on how the question is worded, voters are opposed to a 'second referendum', but are open to 'a referendum on whether to accept the terms or leave without a deal'.Good work by @LordAshcroft. 
The next person who goes running to the EU in an attempt to deny 17.4 million people (THE MAJORITY) the result of the referendum should have his/her passport torn up. We neither want nor need them here. 
Jean-Claude Juncker has said he would be "happy" to help Britain rejoin the European Union if it wants to after Brexit  
It’s becoming increasingly clear that if we want to #StopBrexit we are facing two battles. One on the right. One on the left. One with the eurosceptic right. One with the eurosceptic left. We need a strong centre to fight Brexit. We need a centre united to fight Brexit. 
Anyone attempting to overturn the result of a referendum should be charged with treason. What was the point in spending all the money in having it if it was going to be ignored. We have a right to expect the law to be obeyed and a right to defend the law when its not. 
You need to stand with the UK as well. Don't forget that only 26% of the country voted for Brexit. We are undergoing a coup dressed up as democracy here. 
My international friends and colleagues think Brexit is "dumb as fuck". I could not find any argument to reply with. 
Can someone tell me why the 'typical Eurocrat' @GuyVerhofstadt cares more about the ensuring peace and prosperity in Northern Irleand than the UK government (Brexit camp) does?  
European Commission president Jean-Claude Juncker has told the European Parliament in Strasbourg he would like the UK to rejoin the European Union after Brexit 
 @NicolaSturgeon: 'There is a wilful denial of the complexity of #Brexit from the UK government.'  
The EU will stand with Ireland. We know the Brexit negotiations are existential  for your country. Know that we will be behind you. We are all Irish #WeAreEurope  
Good news! Parliament is going to debate the petition “End the export of live farm animals after Brexit.”on 26th FebruaryThank you to all who signed and retweeted. Keep signing! 
I hope that the upcoming referendum on the 8th amendment of Irish constitution will allow your country to make progress to ensure the right of women to have control over their own bodies #FutureofEurope #legalabortion @greenparty_ie 
So we're relinquishing the fundamental human rights enjoyed by half a billion other Europeans just because 17 million small minded bigots didn't like hearing foreigners talking "foreign" on the bus.Brexit really is the gift that keeps on giving.  
Nice from @LordAshcroft poll. How remainers and leavers view the world totally differently even the outcome of a theoretical 2nd referendum  
Irish PM explains what many in EU tend to forget. "In a global context we are a Union of small countries." Explains that if EU member  states give in to Nationalism they will give up even more influence in the world. He makes strong, measured case for EU in front of EP. #Brexit  
Cahill to Drinkwater. Lays it off to Barkley. He beats one, flicks it to Carroll... AND THERE WE HAVE IT, A HARD BREXIT, THE PMS GONE WILD! 
You can see we are being played here. Corbyn rules out a second referendum.Starmer rules out a second referendum.Thornberry suggests we might have a second referendum.All the time the Brexit clock ticks down. It’s clear Labour don’t want to stop Brexit.  
Tory MP Sarah Wollaston tells @bbc5live that Boris Johnson should stop using the £350m figure for NHS after Brexit. Says it's a "disgrace" and "absolutely shocking" he is still using the "entirely deliberate deception". 
Jacob Rees-Mogg puts House of Lords on notice over Brexit. We had Maggie. Now we have Moggie! | Politics | News |   
Ok, we've sorted #Brexit:1) The UK gives Northern Ireland back & we all go on the sesh.2) Scotland becomes an independent country with Kevin Bridges as PM.3) England & Wales get their blue passports & they fester in warm, flat beer, soggy fish batter and the @duponline.Done 
Brexit Britain has appointed a Minister for Loneliness . . . cos when you're on your own . . . I see the irony. . . I see an opportunity. You know what to do, Remainers. Her name is Tracey Crouch, MP. Tell her how we can make Britain less lonely#StopBrexitMakeBritainLessLonely 
Brexiters whine that EU is punishing us. No! It is we who are punishing ourselves.#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit  
Apparently SNP can predict the precise cost of Brexit but can't come up with a budget that protects public services.  
We are achieving the developing world status the tax dodging cabal behind Brexit require. A half starved, slave wage workforce servicing a tax haven economy with no public services or rights. Conveniently located near Europe but not troubled by their human rights act 
What reason can the EU have to want to veto any trade deal Britain makes for two years after Brexit ? This becomes more stupid and more infuriating every day. 17.4 million Patriot voters say go now. 
Juncker: "when it comes to the Brexit negotiations, the EU is united with Ireland.  It is all for one and one for all." 
Telegraph readers should try to see through this misleading drivel. Britain didn't stand alone in 1940, we had the Empire & Commonwealth & many fighters from Europe. And Churchill was a passionate advocate of a US of Europe. #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit 
Good news for post-Brexit stamp collectors.  
May’s Brexit pledges have turned to ashes. Was she deluded or dishonest? | Hugo Dixon  
Brexit is the unstoppable will of the British people and those like Tusk are nothing more than posturing tyrants.  
Brussels SHOCK: Switzerland preparing to END EU free movement with Brexit-style referendum  
Brexit: European Union membership is 'still open' for Britain, both EU presidents say  
Very strong symbolism in Irish PM @campaignforleo speech at European Parliament. He spoke English, French AND German. Haven't heard that from a head of government yet. He stresses "no backsliding" on soft border between Ireland and NI. #Brexit #FutureofEurope #Varadkar 
In today’s @DailyMirror, @Keir_Starmer writes why Labour won’t let the Tories use Brexit to rip up workers’ rightsRT to share 
#Brexit is happening!Looking forward to freely trading our wares across the globe without the hindrance of the corrupt EU!#AgitateARemoaner 
#Brexit is like “trying to get an egg out of an omelette” and a “stupid mistake” Pascal Lamy  
NHS Nurse numbers in a "dangerous and downward spiral". 10% leaving NHS England each yr, 33,000 last year!!! Public sector pay cap and Brexit are the main reasons. Many more leavers than joiners - removal of student nurse busaries having terrible effect... #SaveOurNHS #NHSCrisis 
. @campaignforleo says  majority in NI voted to remain, majority MLAs want to remain in Customs Union & Single Market & it's likely majority people living in NI will remain European citizens after Brexit 
Coming To A Showroom Near You  / #Brexit #Toxic 
Corbyn is WHIPPING his MPs to vote for the hardest Brexit possible while repeating the LIE that it’s impossible to stay in the single market.Take your fucking Corbyn goggles off and pay attention to what’s ACTUALLY HAPPENING.After Corbyn’s Brexit there won’t BE an NHS to save.  
Parliament has voted to drop the EU Charter of Fundamental Rights, and already the Tories are eyeing up opportunities to start scrapping our rights. Make no mistake losing the Right to Freedom of Movement is just the start.#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit 
The Government votes not to retain European human rights charter in UK law after #Brexit The worst possible time for this, in a bitterly divided country infected by nationalism, populism, authoritarianism & deep political corruption.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Former snr counsel to Canada on CETA Cristophe Bondy, speaking to Brexit committee, endorses Barnier view that Canada or Norway only options for UK. "For the EU you’re either on the bus or you’re on the side car with Norway, or you’re not.” 
I fear that with Jeremy Corbyn being defacto deputy leader of the Tory party, this #Brexit nonsense may well run its course and destroy the UK for the ordinary man on the street for ever. Ditch him Labour, become an opposition. 
Perhaps in another thousand years, there will be a 'Brexit Tapestry', depicting how a load of rich berks tried to sell us down the Swanny, and how Nigel of Farage organised the resistance, armed with a mere fag and a pint? #BayeuxTapestry #Brexit  
We will probably hold a referendum on Mrs May’s Brexit terms before next March, so please work on the assumption that we will continue to play a central role in the future of the European Union!  
Rees-Mogg wants to turn the clock back 50 years.He wants to re establish the class system, so the bulk of the British people know their station in life. It’s the nightmare future of Brexit Britain,sponsored by the Express, Mail,& Telegraph. Stop Brexit. #FBPE 
Brexit campaigner Jacob Rees-Mogg has been elected Chairman of the European Research Group. This group of Conservative MPs is committed to a CLEAN Brexit. 
I'm convinced there will be no legislative consent from @scotgov and that @NicolaSturgeon will soon be dropping heavy hints of an internationally monitored Scottish referendum given Westminsters tactics. 
Never say we weren’t asked, or we couldn’t do it. Another day, another strong signal from the EU that it’s not too late to halt Brexit.  
Brussels SHOCK: Switzerland preparing to END EU free movement with Brexit-style referendum  
EU Votes to Ban Electric Pulse Fishing.   Now essential that @Defra & @michaelgove   follow suit & ban pulse fishing in post-Brexit policy so EU  companies can't register more “Flagships” & masquerade as British to  continue pulsing in British waters.  
Amsterdam court hearing on British citizens seeking to retain their EU citizenship post Brexit. Packed with British people. An estimated 45,000 Brits live in Holland. If they win, will have implications for UK citizens across EU and UK 
.@BorisJohnson again repeats the lie that #Brexit  will provide millions extra each week for the NHS. Bad timing when today we learn 1200 EU nurses have left the NHS, meaning more will have to be spent on visas for nurses from outside the EU. 
Juncker in EU Parliament. Desperate for UK not to leave EU. Saying Brexit a ‘catastrophe’. Maybe for EU but for UK freedom & opportunity!  
Airbus boss condemns Brexit and Trump as 'double whammy' threats to business but brexit worse.  
If Brexit were a court case, it would be a mistrial; if it were a contract, it would be void; if it had been an advert, it would have been banned. It’s the most important thing this country has faced for half a century and it’s a complete free-for-all. #StopBrexit 
Just interviewed Desmond- who can’t bear to watch this footage. He is mortified, apologises  and promises it had nothing to do with remainer Ken Clarke’s Brexit speech - despite him being a brexiteer & it being 11th day of the debate.... Coming up on my @bbc5live show 10am  
We want the UK to stay and they should be allowed to do so, @JunckerEU tells European Parliament. Said he would facilitate the UK re-acceding to the EU using Article 49. Reversing #Brexit Day 2? 
*Brexit may have had an impact* - the number of EU nurses leaving has trebled since 2012-13 to nearly 4,000 last year- The number of joiners has halved since the EU referendum - 2,800 
1/ Jean-Claude Juncker just went on a fairly lengthy aside about Brexit. Said both UK and EU are 'guilty' for Britain's choice to leave, but door is always open for UK to reverse its decision or rejoin in the future. Quotes: 
Masterful piece of diplomacy by President Macron ahead of difficult Brexit negotiations. Vive la France but not sure Brexiteers want reminding of the Norman conquest & England's intertwined European history  Let's hope for a new entente cordiale.  
18 months after the EU referendum and we still don’t have a plan on customs, single market, Northern Ireland, aviation, freedom of movement, CAP. But we’ve got blue passports and now Brexit stamps. Phew. I was beginning to worry that the government didn’t know what it was doing.  
And no majority for a second EU referendum - however you ask the question:  
Deeply concerning given huge pressures on NHS. Decision to scrap nursing student bursaries was wrong and the number of applicants from EU countries has fallen hugely following Brexit vote and uncertainty over rights of EU citizens (and how welcome or otherwise they feel in UK)  
WATCH: A year on from Lancaster House, Theresa May must accept that Brexit on the terms it was sold is not possible & be honest with people about the huge trade-offs ahead. Given what is at stake, everyone is right to keep an open mind about Brexit. Please RT:  
The apathy towards the struggles of @The3Million that Brexit is causing - it needs to stop. My comment on @bbc5live’s piece (link below) on NHS nurse Olaya and why she is going back to Spain  #TanjasDaily 1/ 
The @eucopresident has said the 'door remains always open' for Britain. Brexit is not inevitable: if the British people have a change of heart. Today in @HouseofCommons we debate why, legally, Art 50 can be revoked.Please RT so everybody knows: 
Boris Johnson said this a few weeks before the EU ref, but the self-seeking twat thinks going for Hard Brexit is best for his carrer. #Sociopath pic.twitter.com/4vnrVKFDxi 
On #GMS: Is it right that peer Michelle Mone & Church of England bishops in the House of Lords have more of a say on the EU Withdrawal Bill then Scottish MPs? Tory MP John Lamont refuses to answer. #Brexit 
After being excluded from the European Cap. of Culture because of #Brexit, @leeds_2023 has pledged to stage its own 'year of Culture' festival.An open public discussion on how to move #Leeds forward will take place on Jan 31st, @cllrjudithblake's exclusively told @lizgreenlive. 
I’m not! As regular listeners know, I withdrew from the roster some months ago to retain my right to criticise Brexit & Trump in my other work, notably @LBC. On air at 10. 
You can have Brexit or a fully functional NHS. You can’t have both  
Brexit is an English disease.  Scotland voted 62 % in support of Remain. 56% in Northern Ireland & in the ROI support for EU membership is currently estimated at more than 80%.   
Scots overwhelmingly reject independence and Nicola Sturgeon’s relentless calls for #indyref2. The SNP should listen to the people and ditch their divisive referendum plans as we don’t want it now, after Brexit or ever!  
Britain can still have 'a change of heart' and change its mind about Brexit - the EU have said. There is a chance to avoid all of the negative consequences. ‘If a democracy cannot change its mind, it ceases to be a democracy.’ - #StopBrexit #BrexitShambles #bbcr4today 
Brexit sends out a bitter, jaundiced, cynical message to the world. Time for moderates who voted Leave to switch to Remain. It's the right thing to do, so do it! #StopBrexit2018 
No money for nurses or the NHS. But a magic money tree for Carillion, Virgin/Stagecoach, the DUP, Brexit… You’re ‘aving a larf, Mrs May. 
Give Britain a second referendum, says Tusk  
Your regular reminder that we’re not locked into Brexit. All options are still on the table. 
British citizens Chris Williams, Debra Williams, Molly William and @JolyonMaugham outside court in Amsterdam ahead of their Brexit case to retain EU citiZenship  
Strong opposition in today’s Times poll to #IndyRef2. It’s time for @NicolaSturgeon to end her obsession with another referendum and get on with the day job.  
Hear. Hear. Government currently planning to deny democracy. In the Lords Lib Dem’s will seek to amend Withdrawal Bill to put this right. #FBPEGive Britain a second referendum, says Tusk  
Alastair Campbell - I think people are beginning to change their minds.... more and more people are beginning to realise that there's no deal better than the one we've got... I think people are entitled to change their minds. #Brexit #StopBrexit #FBPE 
‘PLEASE LEAVE SIR NIGEL FARAGE ALONE, YOU BASTARD!’ First unsigned letter in today’s post. PLEASE SUPPORT SIR NIGEL’S CALL FOR A REFERENDUM ON MRS MAY’S BREXIT TREATY, YOU DEMOCRAT! 
Peers in the unelected House of Lords plotting to force a 2nd EU referendum after the idea was floated by various figures. This would be an outrage and would destroy working democracy in the UK.  
Last night, the Tories voted against including the European Charter of Fundamental Rights in UK law after Brexit. So they have just ensured you won't have the most basic of human rights. What more do you need to know about this rotten government before you get seriously angry? 
The official pro-choice campaign in Ireland is not going to be able to compete with the money right wing groups are going to throw at this referendum. It's up to us, the people, to counter the anti-choice narrative #repealthe8th #prochoice 
We don't need another referendum on #EU membership - we need a referendum on scrapping the #HouseOfLords 
Ireland and Spain are to be linked by a direct ferry service for the first time."The sailings will enable firms to bypass the UK when transporting freight between the two countries, which could be particularly useful after Brexit."  
The roots of Brexit lie in English Brexiters having a crisis of identity.Brexit means empire delusion. 
Australia’s first Aboriginal & Torres Strait Islander focused public holiday will be held in the ACT on 28 May 2018. #ReconciliationDay will be held each year on the first Monday on or after the 1967 Referendum anniversary date of 27 May– the start of National Reconciliation Week 
I still don't understand it at all. I tried. I talked. I asked questions and got confused. I don't understand Brexit.  
Don't let the Tories use Brexit to destroy workers' rights  
Brexit campaigners DIVIDED -  Brexiteer @Jacob_Rees_Mogg  REJECTS @Nigel_Farage  EU referendum demands  
An expert claims, in the Express, that Sterling will soar to 1.50 Euro this year.Brexiters who welcomed Sterling crash must be reeling at the prospect.Especially that the expert says it's because a soft Brexit is expected... 
Does Brexit mean losing your EU citizenship rights? Well, not necessarily...(). 
The Brexit rubber is about to meet reality road.  
Only Mrs May’s Government could celebrate Brexit by bringing the Bayeux Tapestry to Britain! Liam Fox’s trade triumphs with Trump and Xi are about as likely as the restoration of King Harold. 
.@SamHooper with a fantastic piece on the disaster a second referendum would do to the fabric of British society- and how arrogant Remainers are too blinded by rage to see the consequences of such a vote.The False Allure Of A Second EU Referendum  
Get out! EU fishermen should LOSE access to British waters after Brexit,   @theresa_may @DavidDavisMP @michaelgove 
Ok smart guy. If you don't see the similarities of both, and to Brexit, and to Scotland and to Catalonia, and Russia's involvement in ALL... then you aren't paying attention!! 
Ever since the mighty USSR fractured into 15 independent countries, seething Russia has been plotting its revenge:Step 1: BrexitStep 2: President TrumpStep 3: New CaliforniaStep 4: President Baio 
Another story BBC Scotland Politics website is ignoring tonight. You can guess the others. No mention devo 1998 Act being trashed as Tories try to shut Holyrood before it votes on indy. Joint session MPs/MSPs at Holyrood? Advise no referendum needed for indy as Act was broken? 
Dear @EmmanuelMacron, in UK on 18 JanPls note there was no democratic decision to Leave the EU. Gov is flouting its duty to UK's interests, It morphed an advisory referendum into a mandate, & enabled by Corbyn, uses this lie to turn Parliament into a rubber stamp. #a50challenge 
British Pound ETF closes at its highest level since Brexit in June 2016. $FXB 
Add this to your list of Capricorn/Cancer eclipse stories + Mars Rx. Nigel Farage, architect of Brexit, came to the US after that success to work on a California succession movement. Is this the beginning? 
UK voted to BREXIT to save itself; govt is ignoring the will of the people. Immigrants still pouring in & huge dues to EU pour out. Sweden-lost. Germany is in its death throes. And still the EU demands states take in more. Immigrants will not assimilate. They call it an invasion 
The Brexit vote coincided with the beginning of the first worldwide economic upswing in years but the UK is performing worse than all its competitors... Last in the G7 & the EU 28 economic growth tables...  
Back Brexit law or risk chaos, May's Conservatives tell lawmakers  
This is such a good article about referendums, their place in our democracy, and whether the EU referendum attained adequate standards. 
Oh grow up! Are you seriously suggesting we just sit back and let distinctly Eurosceptic JC get on with things and hope for the best? It's quite simple: Corbyn could end Brexit if he chose to. He does not choose to. Ending Brexit is more important than any party, even Labour. 
The three stage plan to #StopBrexit: 1. Have new faces, not ex-politicians, making the argument2. Tackle the underlying issues that fueled Brexit - inc jobs, pay, schools, housing3. Cross-party focus, and engage Labour.- @CarolineLucas.#FBPE. #WATON. 
Every major bank expects the UK to go into recession after Brexit  
Tory MP Anna Soubry: May's Hard Brexit plan cost us Commons majority  
Brexit: Conservatives urge 'unity' ahead of EU bill vote  
Horrific. 15 years working in the NHS, and driven to leave the UK, not just by the constant abuse, but by those who stand by and allow the abuse to go unchallenged. This is the society Brexit is enabling.  
....... [speechless]Oh wait! No i am f**king not. At what point does this kind of act get seen for what it is? A coup. A god damn vicious attempt at power grabbing? YET AGAIN PARLIAMENT HAS REJECTED AN AMENDMENT. If you support this kind of #brexit? You are a mug.  
Despite the most incompetent Tory Government in History... The Jezza bubble has burst on a brexit spike. Indy soon!  
"Bayeux Tapestry" Macron's class - gives us the huge compliment of being first foreign recipient of this marvellous artwork in 950 years, the story of Britain's most significant strategic defeat since the Roman occupation. Little hint about the folly of Brexit???#FBPE #WATON 
Brexit uncertainty prompts employers to cut graduate jobs  
Scottish Independence now weighing heavily on the Tories frontal lobes.As uk goes down and down under what seems a new scandal and crisis emerging nearly every day, most with roots in brexit's early impacts, they simply make the case for Independence all by themselves.Tick-Tock 
Get out! EU fishermen should LOSE access to British waters after Brexit, shock poll claims  
13/ So what happens if you think Brexit is bad? Ah, then you will be threatened   
Labour in danger of 'echoing' Theresa May on Brexit, says Chuka Umunna - The Independent  
How odd. Just checked Hansard and it seems Mr Corbyn voted with #labour #Libdems #snp against the #Tories on the #eu amendment earlier today. How did he not stop Brexit? Oh yes. Tory/DUP majority. 
A #FinalSayForAll on Brexit deal is not a ‘second ref’ in sense of rerun of the same question, nor would it ‘rub out’ the vote to leave. It would ask people to confirm whether or not they are getting what they bargained for; if not, choose #ExitFromBrexit 
This is fantastic idea! Cancel brexit, save £££ billions, many100s K  jobs, stay in EU safely, etc., and if you still hate it, and want to stay away from Europe; - apply for a blue passport, as easy as that!  
It's a bit rich for the "Scottish" Labour party to be falling out with the blue Tories for voting against Brexit amendments as they helped vote those same Tories in  
"Has there been a new cure for arthritis?""No.""A diet that prevents dementia?""Nope.""Celebrity divorce?""Nothing.""OK let's stick with the usual migrant bashing then."#Brexit #StopFundingHate #tomorrowspaperstoday 
For Anna 'Remoaner' Soubry, "what does ‘Leave’ mean?"@Anna_Soubry#Brexit in Easy Steps:NO EU feesNO EU Single MarketNO EU Customs UnionNO EU lawsNO Freedom of MovementStolen fishing waters returnedUK Blue passports returned#EU 
No Stewart, perhaps like the majority of the U.K. and Scotland we are saying to you SNP politico - SHUT UP YOU ARE EMBARRASSING SCOTLAND.  You see we - the majority want as good a deal as possible re Brexit and we know SNP are only wreckers. 
Interesting story from tomorrow’s @thetimesIE - Anti abortion campaigners have hired an agency behind the Vote Leave Brexit campaign to help with the upcoming referendum on Ireland’s abortion ban  
For the #FBPE people. LAB voted for the amendment of the EU withdrawal bill related to human rights. LAB lost. This makes a mockery of your cries for LAB to stop Brexit. We can't. We don't have a majority. Please learn about parliamentary democracy. Thanks. Red xxx 
#Brexit is breaking my heart. We must #StopBrexit We need #Europe and they need us. We need to work together.We need to #Remain united.#StopBrexit #FBE #LoveEurope 
Corbyn’s Labour. A Party led by the members. Over 80% of Party members want to stay in the EU but Corbyn sticks to his thirty year belief in Brexit & leaving the CU. 
Petition:Parliament's vote on the Brexit deal must include an option to remain in the EU.Currently at 46.9k signatures - Let's get this over 50k fast! Please RT#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit #Remain #WATON 
The Tories are peddling blatant lies about my council tax ideaMy proposal would:*stop the cuts*freeze or reduce council tax for around 85% of households *Ask wealthiest to shoulder the burden.*And be subject to a local referendum before implementation 
Very pleased that @Jacob_Rees_Mogg is chairing the European Research Group, supporting the government to deliver Brexit. 
The two most powerful EU officials just said Brexit can still be stopped  
Jacob Rees Mogg on #newsnight talking about wanting a total Brexit with no ties to EU. But Evan Davies didn’t ask him how ERG suggest practical solutions to the breach of Good Friday Agreement this will being about 
Good piece in @IrishTimes today... Brexit is really a collective English mental breakdown ... They haven't recovered since the fall of the empire  
51% wins a referendum ... Newfoundland chose confederation with Canada over Dominion Status with UK in a 2nd referendum in 1948  So let's have #indyref2  
FM @NicolaSturgeon spoke at the David Hume Institute on ‘Scotland after Brexit’. Read the full speech here:  
... and just to put the cherry on this  cake, the Tories send out @RossThomson_MP , who has championed Brexit from day one, to try and defend this nonsense on @scotlandtonight ** shakes fist ** 
Cambridge Analytica being mentioned in the same breadth as the 8th amendment campaign gives me chills. We need to know WHO is paying for WHAT ads in this referendum. Transparency is not a nice-to-have but a necessity #repealthe8th  
The value of our being member of the Single Market is around 4% of additional GDP (source: IFS). That's worth a stonking £1.6bn a week to the economy. The UK contribution to the EU is tiny compared to the value it creates for the UK.#Brexit 
EU countries that support a UK-EU trade deal with services included: PolandNetherlandsLuxembourgItalySpainSwedenHungaryIrelandCountries that are taking a hardline Brexit stance: GermanyFrance---Now we know who our real friends are?#Brexit  
2066 is going to be the 1000th anniversary of the Battle of Hastings, 100th anniversary of England winning the World Cup and 50th anniversary of the EU referendum. Big year for commemorative plates 
sadly, in itself, illustrates much about what the problem with Brexit is. Such a poor choice of question.(2) The key point, from my perspective too, is not the abuse from leavers. I can live with that, my view is exactly like Olaya's. Obviously it's not nice, but 2/ 
#Brexit, #CalExit, #Eurozone break-up, secessionist campaigns all across US -- all are funded by #Russia & fomented via #RussianHacking. All #Putin wants is to weaken the West, using any and all means. Chances are that this New CA move is similar. 
"It is especially important to achieve control of our laws, control immigration and achieve new trade agreements with other countries. " - Jacob Rees-Mogg, elected unanimously to head the influential European Research Group to ensure the Govt delivers a proper #Brexit.  
Representing the poor - by Labour supporting a policy that will tank the economy and bring down the NHS ...? Something doesn't add up here. For as long as Labour supports Brexit none of the above will be the case. 2/2 
So @BBCNews you don't think confirmation that we CAN reverse brexit is important enough to make the main news page? Heaven forbid the biggest single issue facing the country should take priority. 
Unless I am totally mistaken France is trying to bribe UK government over refugees being allowed in for a better Brexit deal. 
There is only one reason why one would not want to preserve the European Charter of Fundamental Rights: it is because one wants to remove those rights.Brexit means the abolition of fundamental human rights all British citizens enjoy. We are in danger  
MPs vote against including European fundamental rights charter in UK law after Brexit  MPs voted against including the EU Charter of Fundamental Rights in UK law after Brexit. 317 votes to 299.Disgusted of Spain. 
Itchynarbo was good tonight, scored two goals but I can't say I'm happy computers are deciding whether a goal stands. Would never have happened in my day. Mark Albrighton came on and gave a Granite Brexit showing. Never afraid to get stuck in and risk a walloping, a tough man! 
This is how Aberdeen voted in the EU referendum .@RossThomson_MP Why do you consistently vote against the wishes of the Aberdeen electorate? Are you not there to represent your constituents or does that not apply to Tories? 
Brexit stripping away the rights of pets sand livestock in the UK. What is wrong with Leaver voters? Why arnsg they rising up against this?  
Tonight the Scottish Tories rolled over to protect their party instead of protecting the devolution settlement by backing @UKLabour’s #Brexit amendment. Voters will not forgive them for putting the future of Scotland’s Parliament in the hands of unelected peers. 
Do you think Labour should oppose Brexit? 3 279 users have voted. Share your opinion! @Labour4EU #Labour 
.Alternatives being arranged to ensure that Brexit Britain is avoided....."The option for freight carriers to bypass the UK land bridge will be seen as very attractive as Brexit uncertainty continues.". 
Labour is in danger of 'echoing' Theresa May on Brexit, says top Labour MP  
There is no Brexit deal that works for Scotland (and there is no Brexit deal that works for the UK). So the only thing Scotland really needs to consider is what kind of country it wants to be in future. It's quite simple, really.  
So tonight at Westminster Tories are using an English majority 2steamroller the Brexit Bill thru,ride roughshod over Devolution& most Scottish MPs 2drag Scotland out the EU against its will but I've got my history head on so here's a random look at the other end of this 'Union' > 
EU 'dream' has turned into a NIGHTMAREBrussels REFUSED David Cameron better membership terms.Tusk & Juncker have NOT attempted to offer UK a deal to stay in while retaining National Sovereignty.'Their refusal explains why we're leaving'#Brexit #EU 
Hello left-wing Twitter, I voted for Corbyn as leader and vote Labour, #FBPE is not an anti-Corbyn front - but stopping Brexit is a necessary part of a left-wing platform to preserve the NHS and improve ordinary people's lives #PCPEU 
In #GE2017 we organised tactical voting, mostly favouring Labour, we voted Labour to hurt the Tories. Since then Labour has ignored us. In the next election Labour has to listen to us. We are angry and we will not be bullied into voting Labour again. #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit 
A pleasure to catch up w/Republic of Korea FM Kang Kyung-Wha @MOFAkr_eng. Discussed North Korea, and positive talks on post-Brexit trade. Great to meet the #WinterOlympics mascots for the first time too! 
Worth reading. Anecdotally hear No 1 threat to Oxford’s global ranking is not Brexit but the green belt surrounding the city. Colleges settling for second choice hires because they can’t pay US hot shot academics enough to buy two-bed flats in the city.   
Watch, now, as Westminster uses their EU Brexit tactic on Holyrood - blaming their ‘intransigence’ instead of Westminster’s own arrogance and incompetence.  
Tomorrow's front page ... EU tells us it's not too late: Tusk says UK could still change its mind, as Sturgeon says Tories are 'in denial' over Brexit complexities  
MPs vote against including European fundamental rights charter in UK law after Brexit  
Attlee and Thatcher regarded the referendum as a device of dictators and demagogues. The shameless abuse of democracy in pursuit of #Brexit entirely vindicates their opinion. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
‘Ireland & Spain are to be linked by a direct ferry service for the first time..will enable firms to bypass  UK when transporting freight between the two countries...there are fears that the UK's ports could suffer from severe customs queues’ if we Brexit  
Brexit is a flawed concept and can’t work as sold. It was lie induced, future generations will want rejoin the EU. There’s nothing brexiters can do to stop it. #FBPE 
Good to see Jacob Rees-Mogg elected to lead Tory research group scrutinising the government's implementation of Brexit. Hopefully he will hold their feet to the fire and continue to push for a true Brexit!  
Means Brexit  
Brexit 
.Brexit MUST be stopped.....MUST!#WeAreTheOppositionNow #WATON 
'Are you betraying Brexit voters?' Soubry ROASTED after Remoaner meeting with Barnier. Remoaner will get us a worse deal! We will have  Leave No Deal! Doesn’t  Soubry realise damage causing?doing! 
Chelsea’s spine gonna be Cahill, Drinkwater, Barkley and Carroll. Proper Brexit 
I’m not ashamed to be British, I’m ashamed of our British politicians.   Time for the people to show their power.Start putting the British first and deliver a hard Brexit NOW!!  
15/ A whole generation of Tories came into politics to do the "big society" or market driven regeneration, northern powerhouse etc; but there is no "Mayism". No guiding idea other than to stay in office until the Brexit process explodes... 
Just watched "Darkest Hour", a tribute to Winston Churchill. My God, we need someone with a Winston Churchill backbone to deliver Brexit. 
14/ Meanwhile the Tories have become merely an "administration"; paperclip monitors for a government with no real purpose other than to avoid stating the Brexit endgame. I feel sorry for the liberal Tories... 
Meanwhile, in the House of Commons, keen Tory intellects forensically dissect Brexit.  
9/ Brexit has produced something like that: UK business hates Brexit, and Labour wants the softest possible Brexit *as long as public opinion still supports Brexit* - while only 15 or so Tories even contemplate rebelling.... 
The Tories will abandon Brexit because if they don't it is inevitable they will destroy the country. It's just taking a bastard long time for that fact to penetrate the wall of stupidity they've built round themselves. 
After tonight’s vote in the Commons it’s clear that Scottish Tory MPs aren’t just failing to stand up for Scotland’s interest - they are actively working against it #forshame #brexit 
The thirteen votes of betrayal - Not a single Scottish Tory MP backed an  amendment, supported by SNP & Labour MPs, to protect Scotland from a  blatant Westminster #Brexit power grab.  For all the rhetoric from the Scottish Tories, their votes did not  follow their voices. 
John Redwood MP - "If the Scottish people had voted to leave, we would have accepted the verdict and got on with it against our wishes.“So now the UK people have voted the whole union has to accept the democratic judgement.” #Brexit  
 MP Desmond Swayne appeared to snooze during a Brexit debate in the House of Commons earlier   
Brexit is not just about losing access to the single market. It’s also about losing access to trade deals outside of the EU.EU has low tariff trade deals with two thirds of the global market. UK gets access to this until Brexit. After Brexit, we lose all of this.  
People who voted Remain and fear that Brexit means certain EU Laws may be over turned seem to forget that they can vote again in less than 5 years for a party that would restore the same laws under British Law. That's democracy folks. #OnceEveryFiveNotOnceEveryFortyPlusYears 
Brexit: As seen from abroad...  
Hanretty tracks the slippage in Brexit approval into net negative territory - turning point = election 2017. Did Conservative campaign not just lose seats but have some collateral damage on Brexit support levels?  
Tory Brexit US/UK trade Bleaching additive in flour that’s given rats tumours Ractopamine in pork in bacon an additive strong enough to cripple pigs to go with your Chlorinated Chicken and hormone fed beef..  
Put this on a bus.#Brexit  
Will Brexit actually happen? Donald Tusk suggests Britain could still change its mind  
Brexit is like buying a house without ever seeing it and ending up living in a house with rising damp, huge mortgage, negative equity and stuck in the middle of nowhere while missing the old neighbours. 
Shame Steve Bannon isn't being subpoenaed to testify about what he, Breitbart & Canbridge Analytica were up to during the #Brexit campaign (with help from Russian bots & trolls).A reminder that Nigel Farage credited him for Leave's win. #C4News 
You cannot 'respect' the referendum result without legitimising the torrent of hate and lies poured out by the right-wing press without which #Leave would have surely lost the vote.#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit 
You have to admit, even if you're a Brextremist, that If the Government can't even negotiate contracts with #Carillion to build schools, what chance do they have negotiating hundreds of trade agreements? #Brexit is a confidence trick by very rich tax evaders. 
Great speech by @SyedKamall today  "The EU needs to decide whether it wants a #Brexit deal that prioritises people or the European project."  WATCH   
The loss of the British empire "was a traumatic blow to the psyche ... from which they have never recovered, largely because they have never recognised it" says Nicholas Boyle. #Brexit #BrexitEngland  
The #KerryBabies debacle happened at a time when religious fanatics controlled Ireland. They forced the 8th Amendment referendum on a timid, compliant government. Contraception was still illegal, hardly more than 35 years ago.That was then. Let's make sure this is now. 
We are in this together and I want farmers to know: this Government will always have your back. #Brexit #IFAAGM @IFAmedia 
The agri-food sector is uniquely exposed to #Brexit. 35% of our total agri-food exports, worth over €4.4 billion, are to the UK. That is why we negotiated so long & so hard in the weeks before Christmas. At stake is the future of Ireland, our peace and prosperity. #IFAAGM 
Rees-Mogg to lead Tory eurosceptic MPs and 'hold Government to account' over Brexit.  
57% support fresh EU referendum & 74%  of Labour voters. Last year I predicted 60% by end of January will want the #FinalSay on Brexit. Watch this space.    
Pleased to support  @ALAWAnimalLaw  & @WCL_News parliamentary event today to release a new report ‘Brexit – getting the best deal for Animals’. Photos show Sir Roger Gale MP & Sir David Amess MP at the event  
Tomorrow Lib Dems pushing New Clause 11 to EU Withdrawal Bill. Good support from opposition parties altho' not yet from Lab front bench. NC11 would require Govt to either Exit from #Brexit or extend negotiations if Parliament rejects both the Govt's Deal with EU and No Deal. 
This is significant. New power base of at least 60 Eurosceptic Tory MPs to give much more weight to the Brexit pronouncements of @Jacob_Rees_Mogg. 
Excellent speech fr colleague @stephengethins in EU Withdrawal Clause 11 debate quoting Calgacus - UK Gov is “creating a desert and calling it Brexit” 
Exclusive: Jacob Rees-Mogg to lead Tory eurosceptic MPs and 'hold Government to account' over Brexit #premium 
'Our hearts are open' Tusk sparks anger as he pleads with Britain to  CANCEL Brexit > BECAUSE they need our money and once they have taken  all they can from us and drained the UK of all our means to make it they  will discard us    @theresa_may 
More #Brexit lies.The facts are that a majority consider Brexit to be a mistake, and growing numbers want it stopped and/or a #FinalSay referendum. These lies are perverting and eroding our democracy. #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit  
"First Brexit, now this," the Queen said, gesturing to the photos of Boris Johnson exchanging the suitcase with Pence. "I've a good mind to change things around here. Back to the old days, Brittania and all of that."Theresa May gulped. "Ma'am --""Shut up. One has had enough." 
READ: hard Brexit reality colliding with rhetoric as Irish port plans to bypass UK as Gov prepares to leave Single Market and Customs Union  
Coverage of the animal sentience vote in the @BelTel:Put animal sentience law into Brexit legislation, Green MP tells ministers  
In short, Jacob Rees-Mogg and the ERG will continue holding Mrs May to her words last January and ensure Brexit means a clean break with the EU.  
Fanatical Eurosceptics want you to think Brexit is inevitable, says @IanMurrayMP. They’re wrong 
Sign of the times: #Plymouth on #Brexit- new poll, Plymouth Herald  
Uncharacteristically interesting Downing St readout of conversation between PM and new Austrian Chancellor Kurz ... says the PM confirmed that the Government will respect Brexit decision, which rather implies he asked the question:  
“I’ve stopped fighting for Britain” Olaya has worked as an NHS nurse for fifteen years.Now she and her family are moving to Spain because of the “unchallenged abuse” she’s received since the #Brexit vote  
Now we know what damage Brexit will wreak on our economy and glimpsed a Trump-led future, let’s do what’s right and negotiate to stay, not leave...the EU are ready and willing  
Emily Thornberry opens door to second Brexit referendum if public opinion changes  
Brexit: UK can reverse Brexit if it wants to, say EU leaders.And polls show a 10 point lead for Remain.MPs vote on the Brexit Bill this week - let yours know you want to #StopBrexit.#FBPE. #WATON. 
It is. Unfortunately, Brexit will make:- exports to the EU harder- exports to the rest of the world harder until we replace the EU trade deals with 3rd countries- cooperation with the European Space Agency harder- attracting people to come and work in our tech sector harder  
Thanks to all who supported the event to lobby @MayorofGM  to commission Brexit Impact Studies, the flags flew and we were seen by thousands.   @SODEMAction @Stockport4EU 
Brexit is not inevitable, we can & should stay in a reformed EU. We must also absolutely put our own house in order & reform our broken electoral system that caused Brexit in the first place & which will be made much worse by Brexit. Stay and reform. 
Donald Tusk says door is open if UK changes mind on Brexit...  
EU parliament votes to ban pulse fishing. "derogations" for pulse "trials" shouldn't be used to side step. MOST importantly   @michaelgove & @defra must follow suit & ban pulse fishing post-Brexit to avoid EU Flagships masquarading as British from using it  
EU leaders say UK can reverse Brexit decision if it wants to  
Leave Brexit alone or face consequences, Tory Brexiteer @Jacob_Rees_Mogg  puts House of Lords on notice 
SECRET Government Paper Confirms EU THREATENING Switzerland: Do NOT Make Deals With Brexit Britain!        #fo2eu 
Conservative MPs hard at work discussing Brexit in the House of Commons today  
.Correct. Patel's move looked like a diversion strategy following the 2 serious EC investigations being held into the leading leave campaigns' funding. If those go against them it could be a trigger to question the legitimacy of Brexit  
"There are big businesses and the establishments who want a United States of Europe, the people of the UK have said no." #Brexit  
Or you could just vote #Remain in a second referendum and this whole bloody farce could be over  
WATCH | Just some of the times Theresa May has hoodwinked the British people on her desire to end Free Movement after Brexit.She did nothing as Home Secretary for 6 years and now will likely sign us up to continued Free Movement for at least 2 years after we've left the EU!   
"We were meant to have 500,000 more unemployed, we were meant to be in recession by now, that has not happened. Most countries are not in the EU and they’re fine." #Brexit  
Ken Clarke, the best CON leader the party never had, extorting the Lords to amend the Brexit bill  
Leave now consists of.... A) Everyone who voted for Brexit B) Every Remain voter who now sees what the EU is actually all about C) Every Remain voter who respects democracy 
I love #Labour. I'm Labour through and through. I want a Labour government but there's no point in a Labour govt if the country is diminished as a result of Brexit. Labour cannot carry out its policies if the Tory power grab that is Brexit, goes through unopposed.#StopBrexit  
cost of domestic flights could be slashed after Brexit with shake-up of Air Passenger Duty.  Passengers flying short haul pay £13 in APD and on internal flights pay the same levy on return that could change. 
It was all the way back in a 2011 debate, so maybe @Jacob_Rees_Mogg forgot what he said about a #finalsay referendum back then?CC @CharlesTannock 
#Brexit will remove our right to live and work in 30 countries. The passports of the Eastern European countries Brexiters regard as no better than sources of immigrants will confer far more rights on their holders than the new blue British passport. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
The construction sector has seen its largest fall in 5 years according to @ONS. With a dependence on EU workers in the sector, no wonder it is impacted by the Government’s Brexit plans. The public must be offered a way out as the economic consequences of Brexit become clear #FBPE 
This is what Carillion said a year ago. And - you can't repeat it often enough - Brexit hasn't even happened yet. The real upheaval starts when it does. Fun times ahead. #BrexitReality #Carillioncollapse 
2/ #Brexit has created a passionate, committed & determined British proEU grassroots of ordinary people, form all parts of the U.K., all backgrounds & all political backgrounds. One that is angry & determined to keep UK in the EU #StopBrexit #SecondReferendum #FBPE #WATON #Remain 
To ensure Britain is never subjugated but regains her pride and independence, we must Brexit. #Sovereign 
So I intervene on Rachel Hamilton to ask what Scotland will be able to do in international relations as a result of Brexit that we can’t do now, since she mentioned in her speech that there would be opportunities. She  aggressively accused me of talking Scotland down! 
1/ What is fascinating & ironic about #Brexit is that it has created #Remain. Prior to #EURef is you were proEU you did not need to be active. Now you bloody well do. #FBPE #WATON #Remain #remainernow #WeAreTheOppositionNow #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
BREAKING: Bannon's Subpoena in Mueller’s Russia Investigation brings the whole #Brexit history of the YBF, Breitbart and Farage into play  
Donald Tusk clearly on another planet with his unhelpful comments. He's trying to weaken and divide the UK before next stage of negotiations. Barnier has been clear that Brexit means Brexit. 
More yummy post Brexit delights coming our way US bacon produced with additives strong enough to cripple pigs, chlorinated chicken and hormone-fed beef.... mmmm yummy yummy  
Tories should note that Thatcherism was all about extending individual freedom. #Brexit is about removing our freedom of movement and giving governments more control over our lives. Theresa May is a traitor to Thatcherism.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
This gives us a rough idea of the planning that's going on to save Carillion. Or to deliver Brexit. This is the lazy sods who bleat about the workshy 
Back in 1973 & 1975 British Citizens were told they would be £5 per week(each) better off as a member of the EEC (EU). Our trade deficit with the EU has risen year upon year. Strange how Germany benefit the greatest & UK the least. #brexit #LeaveEU 
Pah, who needs human rights, hey? Tories vote to ditch human rights law beyond Brexit. Do people actually know what they are voting for when they vote Tory?#EUWithdrawalBill 
Not at all!  It’s perfectly possible to like Labour / Jeremy Corbyn but not their approach to Brexit.Of course Brexit is the fault of the Tories but we’re looking to Labour, as the opposition, to oppose it.It’s not anti-Labour or anti-Corbyn - it’s simply anti-Brexit!#FBPE 
I was one of the 296 MPs supporting @KerryMP Amendment 57 to protect rights derived from EU law. EU referendum was not about scrapping hard-won rights and over the last 18 months I am yet to hear a Government Minister explain why my constituents should lose their rights.  
Opinion: 'English people living on dreams of empire never learned to see others as equals' #Brexit 
I have given up watching or reading the @BBCNews these days with regards to brexit and associated news.It's pretty much all the time propaganda and lies nowDo you feel the same?Please voteThe BBC..... 
As I hoped they would (see article from 3 months ago), EU27, through Tusk & Juncker's overt offer for the UK to rethink Brexit, are acting to help a friend that is spiralling out of control.Embrace their offer & stop the spiral! 
Actually, most of us HAVE supported Labour. But we object to Corbyn misinterpreting our vote against austerity as a vote FOR Brexit.If Labour embraced Remain, Brexit would be over.  
Tuesday's Brexit debate proved a bit too much for MP @DesmondSwayne, who fell asleep in the House of Commons 
It is an "illusion" to think key Brexit legislation will have an "untroubled passage" through the House of Lords,  Ken Clarke has told MPs  
If so, what’s the point of Brexit? A lot of damaging brouhaha for nothing. Stop Brexit.  
Not that Bolton was/is right, but once again the creepy UKIP careerists (who have no chance of employment anywhere else) are wrecking the entire party and harming Brexit because they can’t bear to have to get real jobs. I might name them soon.   
Brexit is a collective English mental breakdown."Not until there is a separate English parliament . . . will the delusions that led the country to Brexit finally be dissipated by contact with reality."   
Whenever I hear Scot Tories whine "Let's make Brexit a success for all of the UK" my brain automatically hears "Let's make Brexit a success for all of our Tory chums" 
If you do manage to secure a second referendum, don't be surprised if it ends up being less about our relationship with the EU and more about whether UK voters will tolerate the continued erosion of our system of parliamentary democracy. 
Ministers are reviewing No Deal Brexit plans every week  
Brexit is reversible if the British people change their mindspic.twitter.com/0PJEEqvUO4 
The EU is open hearted to us changing our mind and stopping Brexit.  
Calling all Brexit voters and anyone else concerned about immigration. Do you wish you understood our immigration laws better? Sick of the misinformation? Ask me anything. No judgement. No mocking. Please RT. 
The question is: Should Scotland be an independent country?The answer to that question is YES.It is YES regardless of any Brexit 'deal'; any UK government policy; any realistically conceivable economic consequence; or anything that is promised by any party.#Referendum2018 
Perhaps its me but I get the distinct impression that M Barnier has absolutely no intention of negotiating a workable agreement with UK over BREXIT. President Macron is alo looking very smug as he dangle an immigatrion scrap in front of us knowing we won't accept! 
The #BrexitStamps are here:  Did yours make the shortlist? #Brexit  
EU 'killer graphic' that shows how it is #TheresaMay ‘s own Policy choices that rule out easy access to #SingleMarket and lead the UK towards a 'hard #Brexit' : 
#France is burning, but leaders want to laugh it off. A prominent French sociologist is trying to sweep the alarming incidents under the rug, and claiming that #migrants torching hundreds upon hundreds of cars is just… horseplay. #EU #Brexit 
Ken Clarke makes the #stopbrexit movement proud every time. His refusal to bend to the whims of the #brexit elite, and put the safety of the citizens of this great country first, should be emulated by all MPs. #EUWithdrawalBill #finalsay 
Plaintive Donald Tusk (seeking to halt Brexit) has in Strasbourg today said 'if the UK Government sticks to its decision to leave, Brexit will become a reality'. He has perhaps not quite got the hang of that referendum. The 'decision to leave' was taken by the UK electorate. 
Congrats @BrittanyFerries ! What a great way to celebrate 40yrs in Ireland with announcement of a new route from #Cork to #Santander starting in April. We are very excited! Good news for importers, exporters and tourism. #brexit #ringaskiddy @simoncoveney 
Mr Hague and others have been saying this for years, but while it is clear he and his party are selling Brexit down the river UKIP are as important as ever  
I do hope John Redwood and Charlie Elphicke will come up to Scotland & campaign for @ScotTories at next election or referendum. They will have voters flocking to @theSNP #EUwithdrawalbill 
I think Sir @DesmondSwayne speaks for us all by falling asleep during Ken Clarke's latest anti-Brexit rant  
Richard Boyd Barrett complains that giving 20 minutes to every TD to share their views on abortion could delay the referendum. Leo Varadkar replies:  "With all respect you’re one of the champion filibusters in the House." #Dail 
The management of the Brexit negotiations by the U.K. Government have been hapless and inept and underlined by the simple truth most of the cabinet are Remainers at heart. There play #lipservice to Brexit. And the EU know this. 
Whilst I don't agree with the Daft Left. They have taken control of the Labour Party fair and square. It's their party so that's that. I would defend their control of said party because they won it on a democratic vote.Brexit was won the same way, but sadly they don't accept it.  
There is no union. There's England and all the bits it overrules in WM. #Brexit #ScotRef 
Yesterday at @OfficialSYP we launched our #Brexit Manifesto - Rights Outright.  Hundreds of young people across Scotland have prioritised their top 5 rights they want defended and we are calling on all Scottish & UK decision-makers to ensure these rights are upheld. #SYPrights 
"Our hearts are still open to you."European Council President Donald Tusk says the UK could have "a change of heart" over Brexit.  
Another week of Brexit debates in parliament this week, & another look at the Government's reckless & naive approach - a far cry from what was promised. But the debate is changing & people are starting to demand the #finalsay 
Any 2nd referendum would be the end of democracy in UK. We would (a) never again trust any politician, and (b) see civil unrest as never before. Exactly what EU is hoping for.  
Ken Clarke - Why is the government repealing the charter of fundamental right?... what evil has the charter done?.... what danger does it think we're being protected from by repealing the charter.#EUwithdrawalbill #Brexit #FBPE #StopBrexit 
If you want a perfect illustration of why the pro-EU Remainers lost the Brexit referendum, look no further than this tweet below.  
I'm sure there will be a second referendum and those who forgot to vote will do so next time!  
Dignity in the #EU parliament. Irish MEP @lukeming criticizes the lack of support from #Estonia PM @ratasjuri (holding the EU presidency) with #Catalonia's independence referendum: "Independence has been good for Ireland, Estonia,.. Why not for Catalonia?" 
The irony of telling someone to leave the UK and go live in the EU if they don't like it, when your vote for Brexit has taken away that exact right. Honestly, unbelievable. If the vote had gone remain, would you have moved to a country outside of the EU? 
I've come to the same conclusion Brexit would be far worse for the UK than a Corbyn government... and I'll hate a Corbyn government.   
Will Brexit actually happen? The EU's Donald Tusk suggests it could still be reversed  
Aw ...such important matters as the EU withdrawal Bill just too much. Time for a wee afternoon nap. #brexit #EUWithdrawalBill 
.@LibDems leader, Sir @vincecable, said that moderate MPs from the @Conservatives and @UKLabour were welcome to join his party after Tory rebels betrayed the #Government in a vote on a #Brexit amendment.#LiberateTheUK 
EU's 'hearts are still open' to reversal of Brexit: President Tusk  
Just spoke in Commons about one reason why we should fear scrapping of EU Charter of Rights that protect us in so many ways - the real agenda of the new #Brexit Minister @Open_Britain 
Please RT. This explains Brexit and why Scotland must escape the toxic UK.  
How on earth could @ChrisLeslieMP think that the UK would scrap rights post-Brexit, when the UK has always fought to “defend those rights here in the UK and in other parts of the world”,  asks @JamesCleverly 
A great read by @IanMurrayMP - Fanatical Eurosceptics want you to think Brexit is inevitable – they’re wrong. Pls RT so everybody knows:  
Again we are being told we must choose between Corbyn & May.We are told we must choose between a Labour Brexit & a Tory Brexit. We are being told that it’s our only choice. It isn’t. We can reject #Brexit 
By blocking Brexit, the Lords risk revolution.   via @theconwom 
560 days ago -12 days after the referendum- Michael Dougan, Professor of European Law, explained to the Treasury Committee what the Single Market is, and how other arrangements do not compare.Many MPs still don’t seem to understand what it is, and how poor the alternatives are.  
Spanish Constitutional court suspends the @catalangov commission investigating the violence by Spanish Police on October 1st referendum. Is it an usual thing in advanced democracies to cover up police violence against defenseless citizens?  
The fact is, all prominent Scottish Tories like Davidson and Mundell told us that leaving the EU "would be a disaster for Scotland" but were happy to go along with their puppet-masters in WM and actually hold a referendum on it.In short, the f***ers gambled. #BrexitShambles 
The first sentence repeats the lie that Puigdemont "unilaterally" declared independence, when of course the Parliament did so after a referendum. But why bother with facts when you can just laugh at the persecution of the Catalan people?  @financialtimes 
Please RT if you agree: BREXIT:> I STILL expect my government to fully extract the UK from the EU by 03/19.> I expect both the wording and spirit of the referendum to be delivered.> I expect politicians who rebel against the will of the people to be sacked.@nigel_farage 
Donald Tusk: “The door is still open for the UK to stay in the EU if British voters decided to change their mind"about #Brexit. Voters *have* changed their minds.Our politicians - Tory & Labour - need to recognise this.We need a 2nd referendum.  
My 2 yr old son asked“Dad, why did people vote for Brexit?”“So many different factors but a large part of it was a lot of public figures with their own self interests lied to them” I replied.We hugged, looked out over the majestic Grand Canyon & watched a coyote fuck a poodle 
Sturgeon's Brexit paper.The fantasy and the reality.  
Netherlands 'will block post-Brexit trade deal' unless UK clamps down on tax avoidance   IMPORTANT ARTICLE ! 
Punishment Deal!#EU DEMANDS power to BLOCK UK trade dealsLiam Fox, Int Trade Sec:“I hear people saying ‘Oh, we won't have any [free trade agreements] before we leave'Well believe me we'll have up to 40 ready 1 second after midnight March 2019”#Brexit 
Davis is unhappy that Brexit means Brexit, and Tory Brexiters go along with a plan to turn their paranoid vision into reality. Excellent stuff from @rafaelbehr on a topsy-turvy world in which our leaders denounce the compromise they have and demand a utopia they despise 
"UK still has time to change its mind about Brexit," and we must convince those still on the fence, or who are horrified at the current state of affairs, that either a #FinalSayForAll or a #StopBrexit are the best options. 
Tory hardliner Jacob Rees-Mogg threatens the Lords with "fundamental reform" if they fail to deliver the Brexit he demands  
Treachery could be curbed by stopping foreign money coming through tax havens to fund #Brexit peddling think tanks like #Legatum, of which you are a fellow.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
There is no equivocation over Brexit. There must not be. #Sovereign 
"This year will define Britain for many years to come - and history will not judge us kindly if we fail to have either the courage or the tactics to stop the Brexit disaster."  
BREXIT PUNISHMENT: EU demands power to BLOCK UK trade deals in latest attack  @theresa_may @LiamFoxMP @DavidDavisMP 
Anna Soubry does not even represent her own constituents on Brexit 54% of whom voted to leave and yet she attackes Jacob Rees Mogg for supposedly not representing majority of Tory's !! 
The UK would be welcome to stay in the EU if it changed its mind about Brexit, Donald Tusk has suggested.Do you like what hes saying? #EU #Brexit #Tusk #politics 
Scotland trying to leave the UK before Brexit  
May leads Corbyn on security, Brexit, immigration and the economy; Corbyn leads May on education, the environment, pensions, public services, the NHS and "making Britain a fairer country".via @ICMResearch 
Luxembourg and Sweden both want the EU to cut us a good Brexit trade deal  
We live in a sick world. Hedge funds cashed in as Carillion collapsed, raking in millions.Marshall Wace (co-founder Sir Ian Marshall a major leave backer in Brexit campaign)-was the biggest winner-making *£19.1 million* 
Anna Soubry #bbcdp says British people are fed up to the back teeth with Brexit! Jo Coburn asks how she knows, Soubry replies, I listen to my constituents! Really? Would they be the ones who voted overhwelmingly to LEAVE #Broxtowe Make sure you deselect this vile woman at next GE 
“In the City, the term ‘fake Brexit’ is making the rounds quite a bit,” Mentel said in a Bloomberg interview. The idea is “we will get something that’s called Brexit but whether that’s what the electorate initially thought Brexit would be, that’s a completely different matter.” 
IF #Brexit is the will of the people, WHY do May and Corbyn have to whip their MPs  ? 
#Germany never forgave Britain for the defeat in WW2 so it weakened it through  the EU that it controls. It is WW3, people, and Germany is winning  without a shot fired. That is why #Brexit is opposed by enemies of Britain. 
“My own very strong belief is that we should put all the options back on the table to enable decent negotiations to carry on” @Anna_Soubry #bbcdp #Brexit“The EU hold the cards … because we have limited our options”  
WATCH: EU leaders, including @eucopresident today, saying the 'door remains always open' for Britain. Brexit is not inevitable: if the British people have a change of heart. Please RT so everybody knows:  
"Donald Tusk and Jean-Claude Juncker say door to EU remains open if Britain changes its mind on #Brexit". We have. Let's accept this kind offer, put this whole shoddy business behind us & get on with building a better UK in Europe  
Your regular reminder that all options are still on the table. Please save this link and next time you see someone say that the EU regard Brexit as irreversible - ping them this. "Our hearts are still open to you" says Tusk. We retain all options. 
Nigel Evans trying once to shut down the debate, shut down options & deny the Ppl an option to Rethink #Brexit...this is not Democracy..it is Autocracy! We do not have to Leave the EU if the Ppl no longer want to!#ConfirmTheWillBinding #FinalSay in 2018 & #StopBrexit Option 
Donald Tusk saying “the door was still open for the UK stay in the EU if British voters decided to change their mind” @adamfleming “He has said something like this before… but he has never said it quite as strongly as this” #Brexit #bbcdp 
Coming soon - if we get US trade deal-Bacon with additives-Chlorinated chicken-Hormone-fed beef-Chicken litter as animal feed#Brexit reality 
Have you changed your mind about Brexit and a second referendum?  
This > the EU Council is open to the UK changing its mind at the end of the #Brexit process  
Mundell's message to Scotland is this:"Your place isn't in Europe. Your future is to take a massive economic hit, then provide England with goods and services. So shut up Scotland and do as your tory masters tell you."#ScotEU #Brexit #BrexitShambles 
 @MhairiBlack: Time is running out to stop #Brexit catastrophe.  
“If the EU negotiating position is as Mr Verhofstadt sets out – that the UK will only get a deal on services if we accept the free movement of people – this would be unacceptable to Brexit voters." @TiceRichard 
As the stark facts of the dangers of Brexit become clearer, more and more people are demanding a final say.  
These are all of the #animalprotection groups who are supporting, and helped develop, the Brexit Manifesto for Animals, being launched today by us and @WCL_News in the @HouseofCommons. Read it here:  #AnimalLaw #Brexit #AnimalWelfare #BrexitandAnimals 
You are an anti-democratic authoritarian who wants to annul a national referendum.Your "heart" is full of nothing but the insatiable lust for power. Endless, dominating power.  
WATCH: EU leaders, including @eucopresident today, that the 'door remains always open' for Britain. Brexit is not inevitable: if the British people have a change of heart. Please RT so everybody knows:  
Donald Tusk: EU's 'heart still open to UK' over Brexit  
EU leaders say UK can reverse Brexit decision if it wants to.And polls now show a 10 point lead for a Remain. So let’s do it. RT and let your MP know you want to #StopBrexit. #FBPE. #WATON. 
"No, people have been conned" says @Anna_Soubry on referendum claims about money for the NHS,  revisited by the foreign secretary"Surprised and disappointed in Boris for perpetuating these nonsenses" the Conservative MP tells @Jo_Coburn #bbcdp #Brexit pic.twitter.com/ygE5hMFbYa 
EU Backtracks on Deal, Demands Unlimited Mass Migration for Years After Brexit  
This was the real project fear. A tidal wave of hate and lies pumped out by the tax-dodging #Brexit billionaire press barons. There can be no respect for a referendum result won through such means.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Anna Sourby gets to vote on how the money we were giving to the EU gets spent after #BrExit.She says she doesn't and the money belongs to the EUShe is wrong. It's our money.She says voters have been connedI agree. Please don't re-elect her, Broxtowe#BBCDP 
"Due to a lack of support, the Brexit Wall of Gammon has been downgraded to a Fence of Processed Meat Slices" by HappyToast - just FP'd:  
UKIP Brexit amendment crushed. Idea that UK can just go off an fish as much as it wants after Brexit with no consideration for shared waters with EU was and is ludicrous.  
#bbcdp Bloody Remoaner bore Anna Soubry on for one hour !!!!!  Never stops trying derail Brexit give up. Get ready shouting & screaming I hate Donald Trump & Brexit bashing. Loves doom & gloom the more the better. Your boring us all to death.           
The EU says we can change our minds on Brexit.The Tories & Labour say we can't. Who has the UK's best interests at heart? 
I love reading the Brexit articles in the Irish Times. They're totally in their element. 
Might UK citizens continue to enjoy EU citizenship rights after Brexit? I'm hoping to find out in Amsterdam tomorrow.  
Chris Grayling: A prominent Brexiteer... Can anyone name one competent politician who supported Brexit?  
would you please stop trying to inject facts and reason into the Brexit debate? Our government has decided these merely get in the way of their 'planning'  
What a day! Reached 2000 followers, with the 2000th being one of my very favourite #Brexit commentators, the awesome @guitarmoog! Thanks to all of you!  #FBPE #FinalSay #FinalSayForAll #StopBrexit #WATON 
Donald Tusk: hearts are still open to the British Ppl changing their minds..ME: We've already have but our Govt & Labour are denying that option & removing the right David Davis once believed in.Binding #FinalSay in 2018 to Confirm #Brexit or #StopBrexit#ConfirmTheWill#WATON 
The New York Times piece on the NHS winter crisis... and how EU staff leaving, thanks to Brexit, is exacerbating the crisis.   
Hahahahaha!!! Tory Andrea Leadsom MP is backing the Sun campaign for Brexit stamps!!! Some contributions from people so far!!!I do not own the copyright* to these designs.. i.e. they’re not mine  
Corbyn's reforms of Labour party policy-making could allow members to force him to adopt a more sensible position on Brexit  
#Brexit talks in danger as EU gets tough on #citizensrights. 
Nicola Sturgeon makes an excellent argument against Brexit. Unfortunately it is also an excellent argument against independence.  
Can the UK still change its mind and stop Brexit? The President of the EU Council and the President and Vice-President of the Commission all say it can 1/ 
Andrea Leadsom backs the Sun’s Brexit stamps campaign and the responses are first class  #Brexit #Stamps 
spotted in Boston in Lincs. Quite a bit of bregret going on UK wide. Come and join us, you are welcome to remain with open arms. The EU is not perfect, but brexit is the answer. Lets change it together. #FBPE #WATON 
Okay, Remainers. This is trending in USA but it's our news too, because Trump & Brexit are so related, not only thru Farage but both a populist ideology of lies, slogans, alt-facts that destroys intelligent democracy. Trump falls, Brexit looks vulnerable, and like a loser. SAD!  
John Redwood: Pound climbs against dollar to level before referendum!This week the pound reached $1.38 a level it was at in Feb 2016 before vote on leaving #EUFor some reason, its steady climb has received less attention than its previous fall#Brexit 
Extremely disappointed to see Mr Corbyn turn his back on millions of voters and even members of his own party by insisting we can’t remain in the Single Market after Brexit. Jobs, workers’ rights and the environment will suffer and he is giving up #FBPE 
I’ll be addressing the @IFAmedia AGM in Dublin at 7pm this evening. Will be discussing some of the major issues facing farmers and our agri-food sector, including Brexit and CAP. #IFAAGM 
Confirmation again from the Commission that they agree with @eucopresident that Brexit can be stopped if the UK chooses. 
The British government has been complaining a lot recently. It seems to realise only now that #Brexit will actually have an impact. My message to London is: please don’t complain any more, just deliver. #EPlenary #EUCO 
Here's something we should accept: Jeremy Corbyn is not going to change his mind about #Brexit .We can't waste any more time waiting for him.The only chance now lies with Tory and Labour rebel MPs working together in the Commons. Country before party. The time is now. 
The president of the Commission confirms The EU Council President's view that the UK can still choose to remain in the EU.It is our choice to continue with Brexit, and we can and must choose to stop it. #FinalSayForAll 
Italy election: 'Brexit is an EXAMPLE to follow' Italian frontrunner promises to FIGHT EU  
》#Carrillion is UK's 2nd largest construction firm.》It's entering into compulsory liquidation with immediate effect.》Despite having over £1bn in potential contracts, it can't find an investor to help with its debt.》Coz foreign investment in UK has collapsed since Brexit. 
Britain 2030. A joyful public interrupts the working day to celebrate the announcement of yet another set of Brexit Commemorative postage stamps.  
The majority of people in the #UK don't want #Brexit or it's negative consequences.It's being forced by a Gov't who care not of the consequences. The ppl should have the #FinalSay wth the option 2 #Remain.We appreciate your kind words & will do what we can to #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Op-ed at @FT: "The argument that the EU is guilty of double standards is bolstered by events in Spain, where elected politicians are in prison for staging a referendum on independence for Catalonia".@EU_Commission silence on Catalonia is self-defeating. 
Could it be made any clearer? We can change our mind. Brexit can be stopped.It is a choice to continue, and we can choose to halt it.#FinalSayForAll 
A reminder: Farage and the Tory right would not have 'respected' a narrow #Remain victory. They would have pushed for another referendum - not a #FinalSay referendum on something no-one has yet voted on, but a straight replay.#StopBrexit 
EU declares 'our hearts are still open to Britain' as leaders leap on Farage's call for second referendum  
The UK Wants To Remain In The EU’s Trade Deals During The Transition Phase After Brexit  
My three stage plan to stop this Tory #Brexit. It may not make comfortable reading, but we urgently need to learn from the mistakes of the past - and ditch the tactics that lost us the referendum:  
EU leaders say UK can reverse Brexit decision if it wants to  
.@AdamBoultonSKY How is notorious liar Boris Johnson ever allowed to talk about us getting money back from the EU without the point being made that there is absolutely no Brexit dividend bc of far greater diminished tax revenues?  
Boris Johnson said there was an error on the side of the #Brexit bus so we fixed it for him. Hope this helps, Boris!  
Never forget that the Labour leaders pushing for #Brexit are standing atop a mountain of hate and lies spewed out by the #Brexit billionaire press. And these legitimisers of hard-right hate and lies have the nerve to deny us a #FinalSay referendum!#StopBrexit #FBPE 
.@CarolineLucas' three-stage plan to stop Brexit  
This government and its party predecessor saw fit to ejaculate money and risk on Carillion, knowing it was showing failure signs which would impact thousands of jobs and millions through projects.Do you honestly think they are capable of successfully dealing with Brexit? 
Powerful and significant message from @eucopresident Donald Tusk this morning - if British people want to change their mind on #Brexit - door remains open. @Open_Britain @WalesForEurope  
There'll be no "Brexit bonus" of any kind. The UK is forecast to lose at least £300m a week.  
Labour don’t want a second referendum. That much is obvious.They would rather we based our decision about our future on a vote mired in xenophobia, racism, misogyny & lies. We need to demand a second referendum from our politicians.   
UK ministers pressed to reveal legal advice on reversing Brexit  
UK still has time to change its mind about Brexit, says @eucopresident Donald Tusk.With polls showing a 10 point majority to Remain in the EU, we should #StopBrexit.#FBPE. #WATON. #StopBrexit2018. 
Noticeable how the anonymous Corbyn accounts are all trying to justify Corbyn’s Brexit stance off the back of winning power for Corbyn.Seems they think the economic & social disaster that is Brexit will be good for Labour’s electoral chances. Delusional is an understatement 
Labour's Brexit position is so crystal clear...You can see right through itShadow Labour Brexit minister has a rather 'irritating' time trying to explain Labour's shambles on Brexit.#YouCantTrustLabour 
No doubt about it now. Everyone from Farage to Juncker, from Boris to Tusk, agrees that Brexit is not an irreversible process. It is up to the British people to decide what happens next.  
EU leaders confirm today that if the British people change their minds on Brexit, it can be reversed.Please RT so everybody knows the facts:  
IMHO the one consistently impressive politician involved in Brexit, whether you agree with him or not, is Donald Tusk . 
We don’t have politicians of your calibre in govt, Guy. Very sad. Please help us. We don’t want to leave EU & we hate the hate brexit has stirred up.#StopBrexit#StopBrexit2018#WATON#FBPE#WeAreEU#LE2018 #ABTV 
EU 'still open' to Britain changing mind on Brexit  
Remoaners continue to UNDERMINE Brexit. They are not acting in the national interest! 
Nothing about #Brexit is inevitable. We must do what’s best for Britain & our people.  
Bizarre how the negative forecasts of Scotland leaving the UK were unarguable fact but the financial hit caused by Brexit is fantasy. 
Friends! Summary:1. Due to Thatcherism, we can't get a good Brexit trade deal.2. Here's why:3. Thatcher destroyed Britain's manufacturing base, e.g. Our British Leyland, whose strikes were - literally - the envy of the world.4. Talk about neoliberalism!5. That's all, folks!  
Brexit: EU demands veto over UK trade deals with other countries for two years after Britain leaves  
Brexit progress in 18 months:Complete: Press releases about blue passports;Garbage about stamps. To do:Any trade deals at all;Rigours impact assessments;Valid a50 notificationEtc etcMeanwhile #carillion NHS etc shows eye off ball for day to Day governing. 
#FBPE1) #Brexit and "nasty" EULet's say that the EU are being vindictive, spiteful, nasty & are "punishing" the UK (I don't believe they are but bear with me).Lets assume they're being childish & mean to us for leaving, as leading brexiters say 
And severing the control over our country by a hugely undemocratic power that appoints its law givers internally. I am proud, proud we won’t put up with it. Very proud of #Brexit 
‘Our HEART is still OPEN to you!’But our WALLET is still CLOSED to you!Get over it - We're LEAVING...Auf Wiedersehen!Au Revoir!Goodbye!#Brexit #EU 
You laugh now, but after Brexit licking Brexity stamps will be our main source of food.   
Scots: We have conducted in depth Brexit impact assessments for various economic scenariosSadiq Khan: I have also done this for London and the wider UK economyDavid Davis: Did you know fishing normally takes place on the coast and planes have wings 
Corbyn is pro-EULike I amCorbyn voted to REMAINI did tooBut the Country had a Referendum 52% v 48%Members have strengthened their say on the NECMost members are pro-EUMost Labour Party Members recognise the vote 52%v48%Democracy in action.  
“I get a bit irritated when you say it’s not clear”. Labour’s shadow Brexit Minister @JennyChapman heroically tries to explain the party’s position on the single market...before getting a bit stuck. That’s clear then?  Full interview tonight on Around the House 10.45pm. 
UK still has time to change its mind about Brexit, EU chief Donald Tusk suggests - Politics live  
Luxembourg and Sweden have joined Spain and the Netherlands in wanting a good Brexit deal  
The two most powerful EU officials just said Brexit can still be stopped  
The European Parliament won't allow cherry-picking in the #Brexit transition. All EU legislation, all EU policies will continue to apply. The only exception is that the UK will no longer be represented in the institutions that decide on  legislation & policies #EPlenary 
We must formalise the #Brexit withdrawal agreement. Besides the Irish issues, our priority is to get #citizensrights right. Because this is not done yet. We need rock solid guarantees. #EPlenary 
#Brexit is the guy who thinks he's indispensable so quits his already lucrative job to go back as a freelancer for more money.He's then shocked when the company says "we'll miss you but all the best" & starts whining to his friends that he's being "punished" for quitting.#FBPE 
It isn’t too late to change our mind on Brexit. But we need strong, galvanising leadership to challenge misinformation & a growing culture of public dishonesty.  
Meaningless comment.For every weak reason to brexit there are a dozen good ines not to. We have the best arguments and most worked-out thinking, that is evident 
We will be debating the revocability of Article 50 in the @HouseofCommons today - the British people are entitled to keep an open mind on what happens at the end of the #Brexit talks. Here’s why. Pls RT  
Scathing speech from @ManfredWeber  on Brexit, who criticises government's honesty and choice of priorities on blue passports."If I was a British citizen I would be deeply worried about the priorities of my government." 
Today @eucopresident & @junckerEU confirmed "our hearts remain open" if there is a "change of heart" from the public on Brexit. Here's other EU leaders confirming that if the British people change their minds, Article 50 can be revoked. Pls RT:  
#BREAKING EU's 'hearts are still open' to Brexit reversal: Tusk 
We don't have to do this. The door is still wide open. We can reject a bad Brexit deal and get on with fixing our country @vincecable 
If you want MPs to keep ALL #Brexit options open, please encourage support for New Clause 6 in #EUWithdrawalBill debates today&tomorrow, so Parliament is clear it can revoke the Article50 notification letter if MPs feel it’s necessary in national interest 
Brexit is not inevitable. If the British people change their minds, Brexit is reversible. RT so everybody knows the facts:  
A tragic irony of Brexit is that it risks turning our relationship with the EU into the unbalanced thing it was falsely said to be  
The President of the European Council   expresses hope on behalf of the other 27 EU countries that #Britain might yet have a change of heart on #brexit  
Absolutely sick of seeing prominent RW commentators calling anyone not signed up to their apocalyptic plans for Brexit, treacherous or traitors. Irresponsible bullshit. 
Congratulate @michaelgove for continually advocating we do not continue trapped in the CFP in a transition. Proof of the pudding is achieving this, especially when EU terms for the Transition are continued obedience to ALL EU law AFTER Brexit. Only way to fulfil no CFP is to walk  
Italian elections in March.Top dog of most popular party would vote to quit Euro if it came to a referendum.Just saying.  
Unless there is a change of heart among our British friends, #Brexit will become a reality – with all its negative consequences - March next year. We, here on the continent, haven’t had a change of heart. Our hearts are still open for you. 
FFS @UKLabour, please show some willingness to fight!You’re helping to deliver a right-wing Tory Brexit, for the likes of Nigel Farage, based on a majority that no longer exists.How much more incentive to fight this Brexit coup do you need?! 
David Mundell chose to ignore the Scottish Government #Brexit impact analysis yesterday. 
The Sun and @andrealeadsom want a stamp to celebrate #Brexit. Here's my humble contribution.  
Carillon’s current problems started after the Brexit vote caused slowdown. See this article from >1yr ago (Dec 2016). Underinvestment probs take time to become full-blown.  
UK ministers pressed to reveal legal advice on reversing Brexit  
“520 days into Brexit. No progress has been made on the border, trade or customs. What shall we focus on? Any ideas?”“Brexity stamps. Little stamps for people who want to post things in a way that shows they hate the EU”“You’ve done it again, Angela, you fucking genius”  
The Sun & Andrea Leadsom are campaigning The Royal Mail to issue Brexit stamps to celebrate our independence from Europe.Here’s some ideas for them  
Today EU releases it’s Plastics Strategy. By 2030 all plastics on EU market must be reusable or easily recyclable. Implications for UK traders #brexit  
Centre-right, Brexit, freedom of speech, laughs at ‘climate change’ hysteria. United, obviously.  
Urgently asking what arrangements have been made to import medical isotopes after Brexit...that’s cancer treatments to you and me. They had no need to withdraw from EURATOM but both Gov and Opp were too stupid to understand the damage.  
90% did not trust the UK Government to secure the best deal for ScotlandBusiness for Scotland has surveyed 758 businesses and directors across Scotland to map out the business community’s opinion on the ongoing the Brexit negotiations.  
We need to talk about @BorisJohnson Whatever your view on the EU referendum and Brexit, you need to be concerned: Mr Johnson just took lying to a whole new level of bad, doubling down on an existing lie with an even bigger one.  #TanjasDaily 
Calls on everybody to get behind the madness that is #Brexit are daft. If everybody had gotten behind the EU project it would have flourished. #Brexit can never flourish - it will cause immense harm, as is already blindingly obvious.#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Once again, we can rely on the @IrishTimes for some of the best #Brexit analyses around. This is spot on, from Cambridge professor Nicholas Boyle. 
57% of Brits want a fresh referendum if May fails to get a #Brexit withdrawal deal  
Estonia's leadership of the Council Presidency has brought us closer to responding to citizen's concerns on fighting unemployment, border controls and security, digital agenda and Brexit. Thanks to @ratasjuri and his Government for the good cooperation with #EPlenary #EU2017EE 
Cambridge professor Nicholas Boyle not holding back in the @IrishTimes. 'Brexit is a collective English post-colonial mental breakdown.'  
The Government was Carillion’s biggest customer by far.Carillion has gone bust.The Government continued to shower Carillion with lucrative contracts  as the company collapsed.And now the Government will negotiate our Brexit deal. 
If you don't yet know, #ABTV stands for "anti-Brexit tactical voting". Resident EU nationals can vote in the local elections in May. Let's send a strong message to the government about what we think of their #Brexit policies! #WATON #StopBrexit2018 
No money for nurses or the NHS. But a magic money tree for Virgin/Stagecoach, Carillion, the DUP, Brexit… You’re ‘aving a larf, Mrs May. 
Somebody told me this morning that we can defeat Brexit without 'silly letters clubs'. Maybe we can, I don't belong to any clubs.I do use these though, they help me to find other like minded people, to network and to find out what is going on to #StopBrexit.#FBPE#WATON 
President Macron here on Thursday (at Sandhurst) for Franco-British Council. Key point for him: Brexit not a done deal. Mrs May not in control of events (or even Parliament & her own Govt!) Our European partners need to work on credible assumption that we are staying in EU 
Idiotic & pathetic from Montgomerie, who’s clearly sh*tting himself that it’s all going to pot. This kind of tweet should inspire us ‘traitors’ to redouble our efforts to ensure Brexit doesn’t happen.  
This is the headline The Herald forgot to print:No-deal Brexit could cost Scotland's economy £12.7bn a year, says Scottish government report  
This is the leader of the house of commons. Brexit is about black passports that we pretend are blue (which we could have had anyway) and postage stamps.It’s also about knocking £12 billion per year off the Scottish economy but we don’t need to worry about that, do we?  
EU diplomats are demanding further concessions from London, including delaying Britain’s right to bring in strict new immigration controls immediately after Brexit day, in exchange for a transition period 
The Daily Mail wants Royal Mail to issue Brexit stamps. Perhaps images of a closed factory, massive lorry queues at the ports, higher price tags on food, the plunging pound? 
Scottish government working constructively to provide a Brexit analysis, even though there were supposed to be 58 others coming from Westminster. No question now that independence is the only route for Scotland. #ScotEu #indyref2 @ScotSecofState 
@CloughOlive I'm reading Tony Connelly's Brexit and Ireland. NI farmers will be in serious trouble.  87% of farm income comes from subsidies. There is no way UK Gov can match these payments post #Brexit It's insanity what is happening 
Brexit is a collective English mental breakdown  
Anyone got any ideas on why this big event in the Brexit saga has not been reported anywhere in the media?  
Media Watch; The Herald and the Scotsman, (newspapers who class themselves as 'serious media') haven't managed to find a headline on their front pages for a major Scottish Government announcement of a potential £12bn brexit hit to the Scottish Economy!  
Boris Johnson says Vote Leave’s Brexit campaign bus £350million-a-week vow should have been £438million  
What’s the matter, Tim?  Jo Cox wasn’t enough for you?Shame on you! “Tory MP Anna Soubry submits dossier of violent threats against her”.Remain is growing, millions of people opposing Brexit isn’t “treacherous”, it’s DEMOCRACY!#WATON#FBPE 
What are you talking about?You mean you voted for Brexit on completely false information because you couldn’t be bothered to find out how the EU works?And then you went and proved you didn’t know what you were voting about in public on Twitter? Seriously? #WATON 
100% agree. To be pro Brexit and anti austerity you need to rewrite the laws of arithmetic.  
Da. We can send our troops over a border to hold a referendum at gun point and it’s fine cos we didn’t use nukes.@mfa_russia also have no idea why NATO is popular. 
Tuesday briefing: Johnson tops up Brexit bus fib  
Brexit is hampering UK productivity, says Bank policymaker  
Andrea Leadsom BLASTS Royal Mail for refusing to print commemorative stamp for Brexit  
EU rules are devastating British marine life through electro-pulse fishing. Britain must leave the Common Fisheries Policy. We would be out of it already if it weren't for Remainer foot draggers in Parliament. #Brexit now.  
Boris says the Bus underestimated the Gross amount paid to the EU in a week. It was £362m per week then & it will be a MASSIVE £438m per week by the time #Brexit is over ... Jeepers #Brexiteers ! Get us the hell out of the EU before they break our banks. 
Be in no doubt, the new Brexit referendum campaign is up and running   
New inquiry launched on Northern Ireland fisheries and #Brexit. This will be an important one to follow. #transboundary #marine #BlueGrowth @MaREIcentre @MarineInst @SEMRU_NUIG 
Catalonia has seen an illegal referendum, a rebel president and a takeover by Madrid in recent months. The next twist could be government-by-SkypeA Bloomberg's article by @mariatad with my personal take on the matter 
British politics is totally broken.  Today MPs like @NadineDorries can openly lie to electorates without any fear. #Brexit will fail because it's based on lies.  
Brexit creeps up UK risk managers' worry list - survey  
ECB official warns of Brexit ‘shock’ to financial stability  
Why not celebrate today's #NationalDayOfAction by following a dozen more #WATON or #FBPE supporters? The more networked we are, the better our chances of stopping #Brexit#StopBrexit2018 @LibDems @TheSNP @TheGreenParty @Labour4EU 
If Brexit built houses  
It's definitely totally normal and good that every Islanders goal turns into a referendum on the state of the Edmonton Oilers. 
Oh good. With the idea of a second referendum on the horizon, Boris Johnson and his cronies like Nadine Dorries are rolling back to 2016 and trying to repackage the lies from then.#StopBrexit #Remain #FBPE 
.@Nigel_Farage has admitted that Brexit could be reversed. Anatole @Kaletsky spells out how it could happen 
£350m Brexit claim was 'too low', says Boris Johnson  
Hello to all my new followers from the UK .   Would love to hear from the front lines this week. What’s going on with Brexit and how are your communities holding up.  RT   
Unionists same old same.All talk no action . #Brexit it's happening and Scotgov is trying to minimize the damage to the Scottish economy. The two main political parties are a shambles. Both Scottish representatives care not a jot about Scotland 
My wishDutton to replace Turnbull in a coupSection 44 issues cause a Federal ElectionLabor offers unequivocal support for Fed ICACLNP wipeoutLabor govt releases imprisoned refugees to OZ or NZGovt announces Royal Commission into IPA/LNPReferendum on Republic 
Go for it!I'd start by reminding everyone that the referendum was advisory, that the vote was won with outright lies, that MPs haven't even voted on whether to leave or #RemainInTheEU yet, and go from there.... 
Indeed we do...neutrality on the issue does harm to the UK & ultimately to them...time for everyone to get off the fence...37% of voters/26.5% of the Ppl is not the Will!#ConfirmTheWill Binding #FinalSay 2018 to Confirm #Brexit or #StopBrexit#WeBelongInTheEU #WOTON 
This is undemocratic Europe, meanwhile in the democratic UK an unelected government supported by a party up to their neck in a referendum fraud, undertake the greatest power grab in political history based on the will of less than 30% of the population!!!  
This false equivilance between votes cast in a referendum & those cast in a general election is such a weak argument. Labour ran on a hard Brexit ticket in #GE2017 & was still beaten by the worst PM ever. Even now they're only 1pt ahead in the polls againsy a hapless govt.. 
Boris Johnson: £350 million Brexit bus claim was an 'underestimate'  
"Associated with the research and the coverage of Twitter, especially in the context of Brexit and the US election, seems to be the hypodermic needle concept: the idea that bots or fake news on Twitter had a direct impact on the decisions" @JonasKaiser  
What a great use of your time as a public servant, Andrea dear, and up there with blue passports as one of the crucial Brexit issues. 
Netherlands 'will block post-Brexit trade deal' unless UK clamps down on tax avoidance  
Brexit is a collective English mental breakdown  
“Davis is unhappy that Brexit means Brexit”Brexit Britain will have to get used to life as a ‘third country’ | Rafael Behr  
The bus promised funds for the NHS, not privatisation.Brexit's dominance of media coverage and parliamentary time is providing a cover for controversial reforms of the NHS by stealth. We need to #StopBrexit and fund the NHS instead. #FBPE. #WATON. 
Airbus CEO Tom Enders slams Brexit and Trump’s pro-America trade policies as twin threats to the firm's business  
EU threat: Switzerland ‘told NOT to make deal with Brexit Britain’ in plot to punish UK - Express  
Yes! I'm one of Putin's anti-Brexit bots...  
Funny how they bring up independence & threats at every opportunity even when it's the UK remaining in the SM that's being discussed. It's almost as if they're trying to distract, now about the UKGov Brexit impact analysis, when's that being published again David? #Squirrel 
Come on friends from EUU R VERY welcome here in UKPLEASE register & vote in May electionsCould make HUGE difference 2 BrexitReally 
I agree @andrealeadsom! We should definitely have #brexit stamps to commemorate this monumental event (if it happens, that is...) Here, i've even designed some stamps for you to use...Now let's all go and buy a copy of... the SUN? #FBPE #StopBrexit 
Here you go, designs for 1st and 2nd class stamps.I support this #brexit initiative...#FBPE 
#Politics session divides predictions for #Farming futures post-Brexit: ,  
One thing most of us can agree on is that Trump is an ignorant racist liability. But the fallout we feel from #Brexit will be far worse according to this guy   
More complex not least because the UK is not a united force.  Those driving Brexit forwards are isolated and scared. 
The referendum did not give a mandate for an 'arctic' brexit. We need a worst brexit at all costs!  
David Davis privately admits Brexit may never happen - @LibDems  
Brexit is 10512 hours away. #brexit 
437 days until Article 50 deadline #Article50 #Brexit ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀ 

