Why are Young people crucial to stopping Brexit?We're not the political elite.We're not business experts with their own motives.We're simply a generation looking to take back control of our future. 
I'm puzzled why so few fellow Remainers have picked up on the scandal that in pressing on with #Brexit our government is actively aiding Putin in his hybrid war against Britain, democracy & the EU.A Tory govt is helping a foreign enemy wage war against us!#stopbrexit #FBPE 
Clarity, not carrots. Stop Brexit. 
Oh dear. Why take on yet another fight now, a sweeping, Murdoch-style attack on the BBC too?  Such lurid language risks undermining  trust in AA’s  wider judgement  & making his Brexit campaign sound more like a mid-life crisis. 
Brexit: straw men - Johnson struggled to recapture the old magic as the gags fell flat. He had nothing to say about Brexit that anyone needed to hear. All he had on offer was a collection of tired old straw men...  #Brexit.  
Ireland's opposition spokesman for Brexit not  impressed with lack of interest in Northern Ireland in London.  
I've run out of time, can someone post a link to a Tweet that says positive things about Johnson's speech on Brexit. 99% of Tweets seem to focus on the lack of substance, the tired solution free rhetoric and his disgraceful comments. #FBPE 
Crisis in Northern Ireland, homeless man dies near Parliament itself, Brexit chaos, @TheSun says that's trivia, so yet again they decide to smear Mr. Corbyn with their twisted gutter journalism, it's hatred is causing division in our society #BBCPapers #skypapers. 
“Just smile and don’t mention: Iraq, austerity, BetterTogether, voteTory, Trident or Brexit”  
The insanity abides. However you define it, the UK is not “dangerously poor”. Liberia or South Sudan or Burundi or Yemen: they are “dangerously poor”. The psychosis of Brexit is destroying the finest minds of a liberal generation...  
Breaking news. Copy of referendum on final deal vote papers leaked #fbpe #waton 
SKY News has been shockingly fair and not as you'd expect a Murdoch media to be.  Really, Nick.  Watch its coverage of Brexit.  They know it's still far from over.  Society is riven.  There are stories.  Look for them and stop waiting for @CCHQPress or @UKLabour to tell you. 
It says something about blank sheet of ideas and absence of honest, hard work that is Brexit that a tweeting stretch of geo-political history is bossing the policy debate at present.  @BorderIrish  
Well, that @SkyNews poll is over. Over 55 thousand votes. 65% of people want another referendum on EU membership. #FBPE #WATON #FinalSay #FinalSayForAll 
We have to remember that this is our Foreign Secretary- one of the highest offices of state. He represents the UK govt abroad. His public speech on #brexit is an embarrassment to the UK. He will strike our post-Brexit trade deals. Really? #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Brexit vote saw British export GROWTH says entrepreneur  
Browsing through your tweets at the time of the referendum you definitely look like a Remainer to me.Methinks you're not being entirely truthful.  
I don't think Tory MP @CharlieElphicke got the poll result he expected. 62% out of 65k voters voted for a #FinalSay referendum. #StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
I always used to defend the BBC. I still think we should have the BBC in its current form. But I'm sorry to say that that I have been terribly let down by the BBC and its coverage of Brexit.The level fact checking during political interviews has been atrocious beyond belief. 
Barmy Barnier's been difficult! EU to BLAME for slow progress in Brexit talks claims Tory MP  
“The Johnsonian version of the EU is a grotesque distortion of reality”....The Guardian view of Boris Johnson’s Brexit vision: all about me | Editorial | Opinion | The Guardian  
#Brexit tide is turning because more educated young are the coming growing force reversing the ignorant deluded #Brexitshambles folly of their elders over time. #FBPE 
Newsnight on collapse of political talks in Northern Ireland “it’s the part of the UK at the most fraught border of the Brexit process- & making it all the more difficult: the fact that the UK govt is sustained in Parliament by the DUP.” Hmm- I wonder if those things are related. 
Hey Liverpool students - plse get in touch with @OFOCBrexit to set up your group and let's defeat #brexit together  
 Today's Brexit speech by @BorisJohnson was more delusional than diplomatic. #ScotNight 
Got my train ticket, booked a hotel, really looking forward to the #Leeds #GreatNorthernMarch. We'll show Boris & the rest of them just what Remainers think of brexit. 
@BorisJohnson I think it is beneath you to take a swipe at Mr Brexit, Nigel Farage, this man spent over 20yrs fighting for a referendum with followers in both main parties he crossed the divides & formed the people’s army, sharing platforms with many MPs in the ‘Go’ campaign. 
We've still got @LiamFox speech to come, he is even less competent than @BorisJohnson. If @theresa_may is doing this to finally destroy Brexit, she is, for once, pulling an absolute blinder. #StopBrexit #BrexitShambles #roadtonowhere #FuckOffBoris 
After hearing Boris Johnson's speech today, I feel much more relaxed about Brexit and get the sense that the government is really trying to find a solution to #Brexit that works for everyone - SAID ABSOLUTELY NO REMAINERS TODAY 
Could've sworn @DavidDavisMP & @MichaelGove said it was all sorted thanks to mysterious tech solutions they'd up their sleeves. And the utterly useless NI SoS, #TheresaVilliers, appeared on @BBCNewsNI endlessly before #Brexit ref, saying it was an absolute non-issue ...   
#BorisJohnson romances a remainer #brexit  
Tune into @TonightShowTV3 where we are discussing #brexit, the National Planning Framework and other issues on tonight’s panel. @fiannafailparty 
Good take on @BorisJohnson speech fm @alexmassie .  Though in reality, whole #EURef was wrong answer to a problem never raised: alienating effect of UK gov policies. This speech won’t help. RT Boris’s Brexit vision is an answer to a non-existent problem  
We desperately need to see the back of the cruel Tories, and many of us do appreciate 'constraints' on @UKLabour's #Brexit position. However, the time has now come for you & Corbyn to say much more about the dangers of #Brexit. 
Constantly asking other people to do your thinking for you because you don't have a clue is not a good look for a government. First the EU and now the Irish government.I'm sure the Irish will suggest they just stop #Brexit , because they have common sense. 
Remainers already knew this.I'm not sure leavers have figured it out yet!Boris Johnson talking 'total nonsense' about EU, European Commission president Juncker says #FBPE #StopBrexitSaveBritain #StopBrexit #Brexit 
Immensely disappointing collapse in the NI talks not only partly due to pressures of #Brexit but will also affect internal UK negotiations on #Brexit - no elected NI voice and DUP stranglehold over  @GovUK emboldens #Brexiteers in their undermining of devolution. 
Uncertainty around EU #citizensrights is having a “devastating impact” on the #NHS.“In some hospitals, one in five NHS workers have EU passports - if there is a #Brexit cliff-edge in migration, it will be the NHS going over it”. 
‘She talks of her sadness over Brexit, having been with Edward Heath when he signed the Treaty of Rome: "I am a total Remainer. Talk about shooting yourself in the foot.People wanted change. It was an easy whipping boy to blame immigration, or to blame Europe.”  
It's just astonishing, isn't it? #Brexit is a problem of Britain's own making, yet we expect special treatment from the #EU and now we seek help from Ireland. How is this less embarrassing than stopping stupid #Brexit altogether?Shame on you .@theresa_may. Give us #FinalSay! 
I AGREE WITH BORIS JOHNSON!"It is the expression of a legitimate and natural desire for self-government of the people by the people for the people."Except he was talking about #Brexit whereas I was thinking more of #indyref2 ! 
7, eventually only Farage will be left dying of indignation. The U.K. will move on and be a shining light that it can be, a truly Great Britain. It's time to stop brexit now. Enough. Time to move on. 
This is how @GovUK is seen from mainstream Ireland.  @DonnellyStephen is main opposition spokesperson on #Brexit  
There's @RossThomson_MP promoting Brexit again, which his constituents voted against, and which every serious economist says will damage the Scottish economy, including his own Government's figures. #scotnight 
Regrettably,  @BorisJohnson #Brexit speech today did not reassure me that the government’s #GlobalBritain slogan yet has a clear plan behind it. @CommonsForeign 
It's not about what the BBC has, or has not, ever done for us but about what it's doing now. I've grown up trusting the BBC. You're starting to lose me now and it's all over Brexit. 
Brexit. Because carrots. A new low. 
We're excited to relaunch Yes Musselburgh in readiness for the next independence referendum!Please share our news if you can & check out our website (Facebook coming soon!)#indyref2 #Musselburgh 
2, when I see people fighting for brexit, I see nothing but trolls and racists. There's no other argument, it's just abuse. 
Where IS Liam Fox (disgraced former Defence Sec) now #Brexit Trade Honcho. ?He SAID there were FT deals ready to sign off ?Liam - sweetie - we already have 60 or so FT deals - through the EU with other Countries - outside the EU.So why not just 'FESS UP - you've MESSED up ! 
A young Leave voter recently told me that he was sick of Brexit but that he didn't want to say so because he didn't want people to call him a traitor. Our children's children will study this period in our history - and not, I'm afraid, for good reasons. 
If you step back a mo & think about it, it’s perfectly outrageous that we have a govt: relying for support on hardline DUP; trashing our constitution through bid for Henry 8 powers; in a total mess & confusion over #Brexit a full 20 months after Ref. What to do? Demand #FinalSay 
Richard Branson, Sandra Navidi and George Soros who don’t live in the UK....having a cosy dinner....Maybe they are talking about how to hinder #Brexit and maybe they are discussing giving their millions to Gina Miller’s or someone elses next anti Brexit plan.....maybe   
Boris Johnson took a swipe at @Nigel_Farage in his Valentine's Day Brexit speech. This was Nigel's fiery response.  
After Boris' vacuous speech it seems apt that Dyson supported Brexit. 
I can’t help feeling the News side is letting the team down at the moment. It’s shown up in Brexit coverage. Too many interviewees being allowed to spout unchallenged ‘facts’, ill prepared interviewers, same old repetitive guests. Everything else in the BBC oeuvre is 1st class. 
Brexit is a horrifying human rights catastrophe in the making.Largely because Boris Johnson is an unscrupulous shitsack who will do anything to become PM. 
Sorry Nick. I no longer trust you. The @BBCNews is now the home of Conservative propaganda. All of its journos, including yourself are sympathetic towards govt. & brexit and fail every balance test.  
We thought Boris Johnson would tell us his Brexit plans. He said ‘Go whistle’  
Crystal clear answer to Mr Johnson. If Brexit and glorious global Britain is so attractive and guaranteed to succeed why not test it gain in #FinalSay ? 
Roses are red Violets aren’t I can oppose Brexit But Corbyn can’t #BrexitValentines 
Ash Wednesday on Valentine’s Day, Easter Sunday on April Fool’s Day, St Patrick’s day on a Saturday schools can’t even take a church holiday, referendum to repeal the 8th. Welcome to ‘2018 vs the Catholic Church’, may the odds be ever in your favour. 
ESSENTIAL we get this over the 100k mark.. please RT like crazy.  Petition: Parliament's vote on the Brexit deal must include an option to remain in the EU.  
I missed Boris Johnson speech.Apparently he did not explain how the Irish border issue would be resolved.Ireland will not agree to a land border.DUP will not agree to a sea border.HOW can this be resolved? This is a vital question for *any* minister talking about Brexit. 
Petition: "Parliament's vote on the Brexit deal must include an option to remain in the EU." Now up to 78.4k signatures. Let's push it up towards 100k.Please RT and spread the petition around as far and wide as possible,#StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON #Brexit 
Most Brits are 'secretly wishing Brexit would stop'  
Brexit is failing. The politicians know it. The brextremists know it. The house built on sand is crumbling #fbpe 
Boris Johnson: “And I absolutely refuse to accept the suggestion that [Brexit] is some un-British spasm of bad manners. It’s not some great V-sign from the cliffs of Dover.”  #BrexitShambles #UselessTwat 
Of course @annettedittert is one of #MyEUValentines -- to learn more about Annette's story as a German on 'Brexit Island', check out the interview I conducted with her here  #600DaysInLimbo 
Professor Michael Dougan:“Boris Johnson says we should all unite behind his con-trick fork-tongued Brexit. I say: if you succeed in dragging the UK out on 29 March 2019, the campaign to rejoin the EU starts on 30 March 2019.“ 
When we voted Leave we voted to take back control of our Borders, Laws, Money and Trade.Freedom of movement must end on March 29th 2019.RT if you agree#LBCLIVE #skynews #Conservatives #Brexit#bbcqt #skypapers#PMQs #bbcdp 
The Guardian view of Boris Johnson’s Brexit vision: all about me | Editorial  
Thank you for the sharp observations @albawhitewolf! Indeed: #Brexit would be terrible, certainly, but it's not only that - EU membership is simply a great deal for Britain, and worth defending in and of itself! #the75percent #FBPE 
American Tweeps imagine if Trump resigned. Brits imagine if Brexit was cancelled. That’s how it feels in South Africa. #ZumaExit #ZumaResigns @mmbangor @jeremyfaust @choo_ek 
When even the mild mannered diplomat in charge of trade policy at the Finnish Foreign Ministry publicly refers to Brexit as #BrexitShambles then you know you're really screwing it up. *facepalm* 
It's becoming clear that Brexit will be a disaster, Richard Branson says  
Britain is Broken.But Brexit won't fix it.RT if you agree.  
I fully accept that on a particular day and for all sorts of reasons a small majority of those who bothered to vote opted to leave the EU. I don’t accept that was a good decision and every passing day throws up another reason why Brexit is a terrible idea. 
The EU is no friend of Irish independence. It wants to exploit border tensions to erase sovereignty in the UK:  #Brexit 
WATCH: Anna Soubry - Boris Johnson Brexit speech 'pitiful, embarrassing' /#EU #Brexit #BorisJohnson  via @mattfrei 
Absolutely as far as brexit goes #WeAreTheOppositionNow and the people are the most powerful opposition there can be. If we unite and work as one we will win through! 
If someone owes you money and they’re celebrating today you really have to pull up at their dinner with a seat.Brexit is coming and we’re trying to buy houses B. 
LEAVERS: Aha you lost! Get over it, sore loser! Ahahahaha! LOSER!ALSO LEAVERS: please don’t say mean things about Brexit out loud or it won’t come true  
Boris Johnson’s hypocrisy is remarkable. He criticises the lack of transparency of the EU, whilst speaking at the Policy Exchange think tank, which has major influence over Tory policy and is far from open & transparent #Brexit  
Parliament has already voted 6-1 in favour of having the referendum. MPs also voted in said referendum & MPs also voted to invoke Art50 after passing it through the Lords PJ, so no. But If there is to be a vote & it was rejected then the default is to Leave on WTO & not Remain   
Tory moderates will start to speak up soon IMHO. They don't believe in this hard #Brexit nonsense.  
If Britain were run like a Premier League club our bungling and chaotic excuse of a government would be sacked and foreign management brought in!#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit 
Remainers want this known:We are not "former remainers" as BBC editorial policy now seems to dictate. WE ARE REMAINERS!!If anyone thinks we accept the result of the 2016 referendum they are sadly mistaken. We are going to stop Brexit. If it takes years. 
If someone deliberately takes their country into a situation of unnecessary risk and tries to achieve this by fair means or foul, using any possible method to achieve it, not caring if it is dishonest or unfair - they should be considered unpatriotic. #Brexit 
Stories like this bring me to tears with outrage, fury and disbelief. My country is an abomination. Walking the streets of my Northern town, I see poverty as bad as in India or Asia.Britain is broken.But Brexit won't fix it.#FBPE  
The level of bungling and incompetence in our government suggests that we should follow the path laid down by England's top football clubs and bring in foreign management :)#FBPE #StopBrexit #Brexit  
This is a lovely idea. Real shame no one thought of this before the referendum!  
Oh, wow! “The second referendum would follow once the negotiations were complete. That would ask.Do you want to accept the new negotiated  relationship with the EU or not? Voting No means withdrawing from the EU”. #JohnRedwood@Andrew_Adonis 
I'm REALY annoyed tonight. After 2 years of campaign, referendum and negotiations, all the chief Leavers have to offer us are the same vacuous platitudes as they gave on day one. THIS is why we are Remain. Because to accept their drivel is an insult to our intelligence.#FBPE 
Here we go again. One of the Lib-unDemocratics Layla Moran, MP, who is entitled to her point of view announces that most voters now quietly want to pull out of Brexit. They are so quiet even the pollsters don't know about it. What's the condition where dreams become a reality? 
Hallelujah - there are to be Brexit stamps after all.  Just seen these on Facebook post by Jim Irvine. pic.twitter.com/9WyEerplZc 
Very strong words from a measured politician on today's speech on Brexit by UK foreign secretary. (For those not plugged into Irish politics, he is frontbench spokesperson on Brexit for the main opposition party).  
For the record (and thanks again to @CharlieElphicke )Should there be a second referendum?62%  Yes38%   NoThis poll has ended.65.6K Votes                                      xx 
In Dublin today to engage with Oireachtas EU affairs committee on Brexit & Future of Europe. SFs position on both crystal clear: All of Ireland must stay in EU & the EU must radically reform to respect national democracy, putting citizens ahead of vested corporate interests.  
I haven't seen John Redwood looking so uncomfortable since he was caught on camera trying to sing the Welsh national anthem. Well done @Andrew_Adonis! #Brexit 
As the Brexit clock ticks on I am reminded of the Millennium Bug. Remember Y2K. Planes were going to fall out of the sky, hospitals would shut down, automatic systems would declare war on each other. To hell we would all go. What happened? Nothing. zero, zilch, rien, nada,, 没有 
Yes, and sparing fine Baltic cities from high-spirited stag parties might be one of the few upsides of Brexit.  
Brexit Boom: British Factories Post Best Year Since 2014 – Hours After MSM Claim UK In Worse Shape Than Greece   
As a woman I think u need 2 get a life & focus on real issues/threats women face in  from oppressive countries/cultures where women ARE 2nd class citizens, forced 2 cover up, imprisonment, accepted beatings/rape under sharia etc & zero to do with feminist male bashing nouns 
.@BorisJohnson making the case brilliantly for leaving the #EU Customs Union and pointing out how countries outside of the EU are growing considerably faster, as is our trade with non EU partners. #Brexit  
I actually appreciate @BorisJohnson having made his speech today.He's confirmed two things for me :1. I will never, ever believe a single thing he said, ever again.2. I am now even more positive (if that were possible) that I will never give in, never surrender to brexit! 
#Brexit isn't just about leaving the European Union, it's about restoring Britain's independence. This means leaving all EU institutions and leaving the EU completely. @Number10gov #UKIP 
Leave the EU they said. Vote #Brexit they said. The European Union's a shrinking market they said.  
Brexit is redBrexit is blueBrexit is WHITEBring back hanging  
There is a difference between saying "Brexit voters didn't know what they were voting for" and saying "Nobody could know, because knows NOW."The deal is still being negotiated!  
Our @Femi_Sorry says hi to the BBC after Boris Johnson gave his speech to reassure people on Brexit... Because if anyone can be trusted on Brexit issues, it's Boris Johnson...   
How many UK newspapers and media outlets will cover the news that #Brexit bill has secretly been upped to £100 billion and how many MPs will be aware?  My guess to both is zero.  Hope to be proved wrong. 
.@BorisJohnson “It will be absurd to accept laws when we have no say and no vote....remaining in the single market would not be leaving the #EU”#Brexit  
We thought Boris Johnson would tell us his Brexit plans. Instead, he effectively told the British public to ‘go whistle’.The #borisspeech was short on detail, but made clear we’re heading for a harsh future.Let’s change course and #StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
#MAGGOT @richardbranson on MAGGOT @georgesoros: I know George well & consider him a good friend! Two #billionaires throwing money at trying to reverse the largest  #democratic decision ever taken by the #British people! Sickening #SCUMBAGS! #BestForBritain? #BBC #SKY #LBC #BREXIT  
Boris: second referendum would lead to "permanent and ineradicable feelings of betrayal". Half the population already feel betrayed by this slowly unfolding disaster you helped loose upon us, you Wurzel Gummidge-haired buffoon 
Don’t feel too sorry for Redwood. He is largely responsible for Brexit, continuity Thatcherism & the mess the country is in. He & Rees-Mogg are the Praetorian Guard of Hard Brexit, who we have to defeat to keep Britain in Europe!  
After the Brexit Speeches – We're still none the wiser does the Government intend to Save or Sacrifice fishing...? Read the speech wording here to decide --> 
I resemble this comment.Brexit represents everything I find repugnant about nationalism.  
"Global Britain already exists... and we are giving it away." @jonlis1 hits hard on Brexit's "dishonesty, toxicity and futility".  
After @BorisJohnson' #Brexit speech, #NigelFarage wants to know if he's convinced you that Brexit is a good idea!  #BBC #SKY @BBC @LBC #LBC @ConHome #UK @CCHQPress #Tory @Jacob_Rees_Mogg @Conservatives #Conservatives #ConservativeParty #JacobReesMogg #EU 
Your political party don't have the authority to change Bin Day anywhere in this country. They're a dead duck.You personally have had 30-odd years to provide a fully costed and viable Brexit plan.  You haven't because you're a populist gobshite.  
This is the scary thing about Brexit - it’s not even pro-business.In the ideological dogma of ‘freeing up’ innovators, Boris & crew would pull UK aerospace, manufacturing, chemicals, medicines & tech companies out of frameworks they want to keep. WTAF?  
Remainers and Brexiteers : "Come on Labour tell us your policy on Brexit, the single market and customs union."Corbyn: "Pets, kittens, bunny rabbits."  
Boris Johnson’s Brexit speech totally misses the mark.The majority now want to #Remain, not because of “cheapo flights to stag dos”. That’s just insulting.We will #Remain because we share values and freedoms with people all over Europe in the EU. #FBPE 
Bloomberg has had to report that British factories are putting in their best showing in five years — days after claiming #Brexit Britain had fallen behind Greece to become the “Sick Man of Europe”.  
The full text and video: Boris Johnson’s Brexit speech  
Brexit’s falling apart faster than a Cadbury’s Flake. 
Just caught up with @VictoriaLIVE. Actually felt sorry for @johnredwood - he was outclassed & knocked out the park by the tireless @Andrew_Adonis who cited John's previous support for a double referendum on Brexit. Thanks de facto Labour leader Lord Adonis: another victory! 
when measured against the currencies of the countries with which Britain trades the sterling hit a record low in Oct 2016 Gordon Brown predictced it only for a Indy Sco. Yet not a word when it happened the other way The pound is set to take another hit under a hard brexit ! 
Boris Johnson is right about one thing: “I fear that some people are becoming ever more determined to stop Brexit, to reverse the referendum vote of June 23 2016”. Too fucking right. #BrexitShambles #Boris #UselessTwat  
Of course Martin McGuinness  contended that it was #Brexit which had placed a very difficult additional burden on the process of power sharing in NI at a crucial time.  What vast damage to us all those arrogant #Brexiteers like #BorisJohnson are doing in so many different places 
On #c4news tonight Tory MP @Anna_Soubry slams Boris Johnson's ‘pitiful’ and ‘really rather embarrassing’ Brexit speech  
Why is it that every time Brexit looks to get back on track the likes of @BorisJohnson and @DanielJHannan come out attacking other (read: REAL) Brexiteers? Almost like they would prefer to derail it for a sniff of power than see it through... 
After Boris' Brexit speech, @Nigel_Farage wants to know if he's convinced you that Brexit is a good idea  
We thought Boris Johnson would tell us his Brexit plans. He said ‘Go whistle’ | Gina Miller  
Cassette Boy VS BrexitFeaturing:- David 'on holiday' Cameron- Boris 'lied on the bus' Johnson- Theresa 'No Hope' Mayand many more muppets ...#PCPEU #FBPE #WATON #bbcqt 
Today @BorisJohnson laid out his vision for #Brexit – and it’s pretty worrying. Our #environment isn’t a joke. Environmental Impact Assessments protect our most precious natural areas and species from damaging development.  #newts 
News flash: Brexit without a 2nd referendum will ALSO lead to permanent and ineradicable feelings of betrayal. What you've done, see, Boris Johnson, is destroy this country's sense of self. Now it, and you, are damned if we do & damned if we don't. Chapeau!  
Boris’s Brexit vision is an answer to a non-existent problem  
And the conspicuous absence of the Irish border problem. Any speech on #Brexit which excludes that is hard to take seriously. But then again, how can anyone take bloviating Boris Johnson seriously? 
Boris can't understand why remainers won't give up. Here's a few reasons why Boris.The xenophobic campaign!The leave lies!Taking away our identities!Taking away our rights!Making everyone poorer!Destruction of workers and enviromental protections!#Brexit is the betrayal 
#Brexit is a calamitous act of self harm. My thoughts on how it happened.   
Boris Johnson on one good thing that can come out of Brexit: Organic Carrots  
Boris digs himself in deeper as his usual tricks fall flat.Boris Johnson’s Brexit speech had no substance, just a few lame lines.It’s clearer than ever that we need to #StopBrexit and #Remain in the EU. #FBPE. 
Bridget Christie is really like this. She came over to me in a cafe and told me we had to fight facism and stop Trump and Brexit. I had to say "Can I just have my soup first?" 
MUST-WATCH: this Valentine's Day, remember that Boris only loves Boris video from @OpenBritainJust like we can walk away from a bad relationship, we can change our minds on Brexit if we want to. Pls RT:  
No wait a minute.BBC Scotland just doorstepped Mark Mcdonald’s surgery, and caught up with Humza on the stairs outside a transport conference meeting, but have literally done *nothing* for a fortnight over David Mundell and the Brexit impact reports? 
Apart from the disgraceful headline - when was the EU a ‘corpse’? - the BBC’s economics editor declares the EU will be ‘without, in the future, Britain.’ But we haven’t left & Parliament is a long way from agreeing Brexit. Yet more Brexit bias!  
Read my take on #borisspeech today - We thought Boris would tell us his Brexit plans. Instead he  said ‘Go whistle’ | Gina Miller  
Fintan O’Toole: Is Brexit the maddest thing England has ever done? Not quite  via @IrishTimesOpEd 
We Remainers really must make more of the fact that #Brexit helps Putin in his hybrid war against Western democracy. By pursuing #Brexit our government is helping our country's enemy as identified by the Army Chief of Staff.#BrexitBetraysBritain#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Constitution Minister @HoshAbdi tells me that there will be no referendum for Somalia constitution until the future of Somaliland is settled. He says conducting a referendum for the constitution w/o Somaliland would be a “tacit admission that we are done away with Somaliland”. 
- So, even if the majority of the population in 2018 want us to not be bound by the outcome of a non-binding referendum held in 2016, we must still be bound by it?- That’s democracy for you!  
Grateful to Mr Johnson. Surely that dreadful speech has convinced millions of waverers that #Brexit is worth less than a sack of organic carrots?Big boost to the #StopBrexit #FinalSay campaign. 
I want to hear...1. How we intend to solve the Irish border issue outside of a customs union.Tell me that step on the road to Brexit...I’ll wait... 
.@jeremycorbyn faces the shame of homelessness head on whilst @BorisJohnson talks about carrots because he hasn’t a clue about this Tory governments shambolic #Brexit ‘strategy’ - please just get the election on   
When Boris Johnson uses the word "betrayal" he is not reaching out to Remainers. He is seeking to whip up hatred and suspicion of Remainers among core Leavers, depicting Remainers as traitors within. It is the rhetoric of populist tyranny. #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit #WATON 
“The idea that we should halt Brexit because the young don’t want it is anti-democratic to its core. It demeans the idea of one person, one vote and dehumanises older voters, treating them as lesser citizens”Brendan O’Neill on the Remainer cult of youth 
Will go to see Black Panther. No I won't stand up and clap. Brexit means Brexit.  
If only this was true about the BBC sustaining ‘European civilisation’! In reality, the BBC is substantially responsible for debasing political debate and analysis, which led to Brexit. And it is getting worse.  
In her speech in Munich on Saturday May will doubtless expand on the Great Organic Carrot Strategy that now underpins our global approach to #Brexit.Can’t wait.#UnpickedPeasInOurTime#GivePeasAChance#StopBrexit 
"What sort of a message does it send out to people around the country when Remainers say that the biggest democratic vote in British history should be swept under the rug?" @HughRBennett debates a second referendum on @BBCTalkback 
Britain is a strong and successful country that is ready to take on the opportunities that #Brexit brings. Nobody should be scared of what leaving means.  
Can confirm. We invited some friends round to dinner. After several rejections we realised that we were permanently PNG - because Brexit.  
The Guardian view of Boris Johnson’s Brexit vision: all about me | Editorial  
Animal welfare important but wonder if @jeremycorbyn @uklabour might have something to say on Brexit and effective return of NI direct rule 
The foreign secretary had no hard facts to back up his Brexit vision, just a few lame tropes  
Don’t need Bullingdon Boris lecturing me on #Brexit. The 48% will never accept it. Get over it Boris and admit it is an utter and total mess of your making. Give us a 2nd ref so we can start to undo the damage you and your Brexit flunkies have caused the UK. 
Friends! Due to Far-Right Tory Austerity, the parody accounts of Our Adonis & Our AC Grayling will shortly be merged into one account, that of 'A C Adonis-Grayling'!Watch out for this exciting new account, which will soon be your One-Stop Shop for all loony anti-Brexit tweets!  
Ridiculous accusation from @jacob_rees_mogg that Treasury officials are ‘fiddling the figures’ in #Brexit forecasts. These are facts that go against his ideal catastrophic hard #Brexit. Would this suit his personal interests in Somerset Capital Management?  
'Mr Johnson embraced Brexit in 2016 without a plan for accomplishing it and his thinking shows no sign of having advanced since'  - @OliverKamm on brilliant scathing form 
‘It is vital not to treat Brexit as a plague of boils or a murrain on our cattle.’ Another ludicrous Boris-ism.  It’s just a BIG MISTAKE. That’s the reason not to do it! 
As if Brexit shambles not grim enough, breakdown of talks in N Ireland adds to grimness. Sad state of affairs NI parties cannot work it out 
I have no words to describe @BorisJohnson's #Brexit speech.  
.@BorisJohnson: Brexit is not just the great liberal project of the age, but a project that over time can unite this country. So let’s do it with confidence together.  
Professor Michael Dougan on @BorisJohnson's speech today: "Boris Johnson is confirmed in post as Charlatan-in-Chief of Brexit Britain. Another intellectually bankrupt speech crawling with distortions and fantasies. But of course: still no actual substance whatsoever..." 
Come on @UKLabour. Brexit is a policy void into which details, facts & reason disappear. Don’t be part of it any more. #ThinkAgain 
I missed Boris's speech. Can I assume we're all united again now, Brexit is going to be lovely, and the sun will come out tomorrow, betcha bottom dollar? 
#bbcpm Remainer @thetimes columnist   Matthew Parris admits he wakes up in the night still feeling angry about Brexit "and millions of people in Britain do". I can fully endorse that. It's like an intensifying nightmare. 
Invoking JS Mill to justify Brexit is breathtaking intellectual dishonesty. Just what we’ve come to expect from the Foreign Secretary, and, unfortunately, UKGov more widely.  
We thought Boris Johnson would tell us his Brexit plans. He said ‘Go whistle’ | Gina Miller  
.@standardnews headline: “Bosses blast Boris ‘clean break’ Brexit; Johnson warned ‘bonfire of rules’ could hit jobs & British exports.” That overture to Remainers worked a treat then. What a tosser; can’t be trusted farther than you can throw him. 
“There hasn’t been this big vision about the opportunities out there after Brexit,” so Boris is right to try to instil a sense of vision and “national mission” into the Brexit process, says @HughRBennett Watch the full discussion with @LOS_Fisher here:  
Report out that real #Brexit bill is £100 billion  
Did Boris Johnson actually spell out what sort of #Brexit the government wants? Nope, thought not. It was a Boris speech about Boris's leadership ambition and Boris's ego. Boris bullshit basically. 
I don't know where BBC ends and Sky begins,why don't they just run a banner across the bottom of the TV screen "We Hate Brexit" 
Oooh look, latest Graun toon up already , on albino KGB sleeper agent & pantomime Foreign Secretary "Boris" Johnson's Brexit speech. Fill my ears with jam, Gladys, we won't be needing those Sanity Trousers these 40 years 
We should not fear #brexit? - Dismantling of NHS - Our rights being stripped- Henry VIII powergrab- Human rights targeted - Dehumanization of our EU cits- Looming #BrexitFoodCrisis If you're not scared you aren't paying attention.#FBPE? 
Anna Soubry & Chuka are clearly not democrats as the decision to Leave has already been taken by the People.They're simply looking to frustrate Brexit to keep us in the Single Market & Customs Union. I don't recall this much scrutiny on the diktats being handed down from Brussels 
'Poor little Alastair' Brexiteer @JuliaHB1 mocks tetchy Remainer @campbellclaret in HEATED Brexit row  
I want an Exit from Brexit. If you do too, add your name and join the campaign today:  #ExitFromBrexit via @LibDems 
Boris Johnson gave a 4,600 word national address on #Brexit today. He didn't mention Ireland, or Northern Ireland, once. He did talk of stag parties in ancient cities and eye-popping activities by British citizens in Thailand. Insulting, reckless behaviour. 
Hello Remoaners,Most of us voted #Brexit because we love Europe, Europeans, European cultureMost of us despise the EU because it’s destroying Europe, European nations, European cultureMost of you are more concerned with suppressing democracy & idiotic #FBPE drivel 
#Brexit MT @GuitarMoog: Deepest apologies to my EU27 friends and colleagues. The UK is very unwell at the moment -  
Whose brilliant idea was it to put such a "unifying" figure as BoJo in first to bat on persuading remainers all will be well post Brexit?May's govt still playing silly-bugger politics with our futures. 
More balanced Brexit coverage from @SkyNews 
Ireland's opposition spokesman @DonnellyStephen on #Brexit lays into @BorisJohnson 
Incredibly 57% of Britons just one year before EU referendum did not know that we elected representatives to the EU parliament. And yet that 57% were allowed to vote on our future relationship with it. 
UK taxpayers gave Ireland a backdoor bail-out of more than £14bn after the crash of 2008.We offer this kindness but Ireland then interfere in OUR EU Referendum.And why are they actively trying to use the border issue with N Ireland,to scupper #Brexit?  
Have you noticed how many Leavers , now pretend they are remainers resigned to Brexit :-) no arguments that haven't been destroyed so falling back on why should we have a 2nd referendum - bcos first was based on lies you nuggets 
Pretty much the only reason the Tories are still pursuing Brexit is the fear of total international humiliation when they back down.Guys: total international humiliation is coming anyway. You may as well get it over with. 
There's much to fear from Boris Johnson's post-Brexit vision.Although painfully vague, here's what Brexit means to himDeregulation (worse conditions for workers & consumers)Ignoring environmental impact assessmentsNot paying £350m pledged to the NHSWe want the #FinalSay 
Remainers might as well get used to this now. It makes a soft Brexit impossible, but Remain more likely. 
Is there anything to be said for just  putting Sr. Michael in charge? #NIExecutive #ArleneFoster #StormontTalks #Brexit  
"The British government must come clean about the impact of Brexit in Ireland. Publish the hidden Brexit assessments immediately." - @ChrisHazzardSF 
As opinion continues to swing against Brexit and more and more people realise that the Referendum was won on lies, I wonder if Boris Johnson will conveniently ‘remember’ what he really believes...  
Between Johnson's boost to organic carrots , Gove's penchant for pigs' ears  and Davis's trade deal with Czechoslovakia , we may very well get the #Brexit we deserve...  
shock ,horror, it looks like Brexit is going through, the remoaners were relying on their rich friends to by-pass democracy with cash, so this means we may still live in a democratic country where a single vote can win an election, Im sure 17.4m people will be delighted with that 
Not a good day for NI. So many economic, social problems stacking up plus challenge of Brexit. No justification for impasse. Deadlock will bring serious and long-term consequences. 
Very disappointing to hear Sir Vince Cable being given a 10 minute window by BBC to slam BREXIT, when we just had snips of Boris’s speech and a 30 second found bite from Nigel Evans! 
This is such an important point. The same risks that were decried as hysterical lies during the Referendum campaign are now assumed to have been factored into voting calculations by prominent leavers. It's the worst kind of sophistry.  
WE SEE YOU @BorisJohnson and your bullshit, goodness knows why your wife hasn’t, while your at it could you take time from your blagging Britain re Brexit stint and update us on your plans to get #NazaninZaghari-Ratcliffe home ? 
Neale Richmond said,"Irish Government actively campaigned  in UK EU referendum among the Irish community in UK, to get them to vote REMAIN"(27 mins.)This is an outrage. A foreign Gov trying to influence a UK Referendum is not acceptable in any way.   
Roses are redViolets are blueBoris is a liar Brexit will be poo 
It is striking that the Boris Speech today is the best argument that the Government can put together for pursuing Brexit... Seriously. That. Is. The. Best. They. Have. Got.Which is why we will #stopbrexit - It is futile to think these jokers can deliver anything.#fbpe 
Standing at the back of the room during Boris' Brexit speech, the question of the Irish border waits in vain to hear the great communicator address the issue  
Not a word from @jeremycorbyn on the Boris Johnson’s speech is dereliction of duty as leader of the opposition. Lies, delusions & obfuscations of the Brexit vandals need to be exposed & challenged head on. To remain silent is to collude in the fraud 
'Brexit is a counter-REVOLUTION' Professor warns EU MUST wake up to loss of UK  
Boris Johnson talking 'total nonsense' about EU says Jean-Claude Juncker. #Brexit  
I will never recognise any benefits of Brexit. There are no benefits for me personally whatsoever. Simple.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
SNP Foreign Affairs spokesperson @StephenGethins tells @SkyNews it’s absolutely astonishing that almost two years on from the EU referendum, Boris Johnson and those that campaigned to take us out of the EU still don’t have a plan for what we're going to do next #Brexit  
European Union grows at fastest pace for 10 years. Has the biggest free trade area in the world and has trade deals with over 60 countries. Brexit makes no sense!  
30 Labour Mps ask the NEC for members to have a say on the party's #Brexit policy #StopBrexit #FBPE #FinalSay 
Remember: Boris Johnson, Jacob Rees-Mogg, Nigel Farage, Julia Hartley-Brewer - all of these already very rich people won't be affected by Brexit one tiny iota. They are making careers out of it and will prosper "in spite of Brexit." 
In leaked recordings from the referendum day, Catalan police officers can be heard expressing surprise over the aggressive behavior shown by Spanish police  
Sitting in a pub near English and Irish drinkers. How that will be if we Brexit? One nationality has the right to live, work and retire across the 27 countries, protected by a charter of fundamental rights in the biggest single market in the world.The others are Brits.#FBPE 
Delighted to say @edvaizey brought his dog with him for Brexit intv. Note to future guests - more hounds in newsroom pls.  
blog: Thank you Boris Johnson, for reminding me of our right and our patriotic duty to defeat you and your Brexit  
The Transition is not a transition.It’s a ‘Brexit Delay’ — because Remainers in government knew they couldn’t be bothered to pull their fingers out of their backsides and do it all in 2 years.  
We need to make sure that animal welfare standards don’t slip because of Brexit.Pass this on ↓ 
The only ppl succouring ‘men of violence ‘ are those prepared to see the GFA left in shreds at the alter of brexit. The Irish border issue is the brexit circle that cannot be squared - that is where your  ire should be directed , not those reminding the fantasists of that fact. 
I see we’re still at the “spouting absolutely meaningless fucking nonsense” phase of Brexit  
Juncker says he doesn't want a United States of Europe. In his last State of the Union address he called for all EU members to adopt the single currency and proposed a fully-fledged European Defence Union by 2025. @JohnCleese sums up Brexit perfectly! 
Scotland told your party to get tae FYou are still in coalition with the Tories all over ScotlandTake your lies and fake Socialism and shove them up your Brexit  
Brexit clearly is in free fall, if all they can do is pull out the buffoon #BorisJohnson, when asked the simplest of questions by a Journalist, he had NO ANSWER,  he just referred to quotes from “Theresa”, today surely was a turning point, STOP BREXIT, Boris the fucking blagger 
Wait a minute, the Tories are talking about Brexit and Oxfam while Labour are talking about pets. That’s happening, is it? 
A more liberal Boris Johnson? Where was he during the EU referendum? #LeaveWatch 
"More than a million more people voted to leave than to remain. In referendum terms, where often the margin of victory is much smaller than in general elections, that is enormous." 
The most worrying thing about the #BorisBrexitSpeech is that it was the PM approved start of @GovUK campaign to outline the  “road to #Brexit” yet it was fact free, vacuous and without any initiatives to resolve crucial areas like customs union & NI (which wasn’t even mentioned) 
Excellent speech that we should all get behind: Far from narrowing Britain’s horizons, Brexit presents opportunities to widen them, building closer trading partnerships with countries beyond Europe.  
To take in no particular order some of his claims about Brexit’s internationalism, security benefits & economic good sense:Rest of world thinks this was an appalling mistake and are duly sidelining us at international conferences as they look on in horror, sympathy & bemusement 
Opinion: God help us if Boris Johnson thought his Brexit speech was genuinely unifying | @janemerrick23 
So I watched BBCNews at 2pm. Johnson speech was lead. Short reaction slots from @ChukaUmunna and a Tory MP. Then long interview with Rees-Mogg.  Chuka apart, fact free discussion. Together with Brexit press, no wonder British people are changing their minds so slowly. 
I acknowledge that this country is really in a pickle in regard to brexit. I also worry about Trump and what’s happening in the US. But surely people across all political divides should focus on the fact that Tottenham came back from behind vs Juventus away. That’s a big deal. 
Boris Johnson says a 2nd referendum would lead to "permanent and ineradicable feelings of betrayal". Fine. Let them feel betrayed. I feel furious. And as I am being stripped of rights and my country of global status and prosperity, my feelings are actually justified. 
.@Femi_Sorry - The people should have a say on whether the final #brexit deal is going to harm or benefit their future.... that should be in the people's domain.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Great succinct anti-Brexit case made on Sky News by 27 year old Femi Oluwole, a graduate specialising in EU law. He cannily used Boris peech to launch pressure group Our Future, Our Choice, representing Remain-coting under 55s who will soon be most Britons  
There are no EU laws on admission of non-EU citizen retirees, so this issue is up to national law after Brexit. Has Johnson done a study of these national laws? Do bears plot leadership campaigns in the woods?  
The #Brexit vote was, in part, built on the loudly peddled myth that the Eurozone economy was teetering on the edge of collapse. Now it's surging ahead while Brexit Britain falls behind#BrexitBetraysBritain#StopBrexit #FBPE #LeaveLies 
No matter the kind of Brexit, the East Midlands loses out. Brexit is not inevitable if the public change their minds. #LeaveWatch 
Brexit could soon achieve full convergence with that other True Faith: Trumpism.“Will of the People”, something mystical and sacred that neither parliament nor the rule of law dare violate.A sign that the UK has gone mad.By @Bonn1eGreer 
Now ask yourself why is he always invited on to comment instead of Corbyn or Starmer, or any of the shadow Brexit ministers. He's a backbencher like many others, what makes him so special? He's the media's choice, we've made ours and his name's Jeremy.  
Despite Boris Johnsons assertions, #brexit is NOT a done deal. On the contrary, this speech is an indication that he's aware of waning support. Keep the faith, we can and WILL stop this! #StopBrexitSaveBritain#Remain#FBPE 
Anyone concerned about the environment sees continued high standards for the UK as critical. This speech seemed to set out a vision that was quite the opposite to that. @ShaunSpiers1 on #Boris' #Brexit speech via @BusinessGreen:  
Boris Johnson says he might resign if Brexit doesn't go his way... #BorisJohnson 
“The EU customs regime imposes tariffs on food imports, ensuring we pay 20% more than the price on the open world market. We are essentially exporting poverty to Africa and some of the poorest parts of the globe.” - Graham Stringer MP (Lab)#Brexit #CustomsUnion 
Uniting behind Brexit a bit hard if you think it's shit pic.twitter.com/9M75CT4bFJ 
A defensive referendum in Nigeria is for avoiding war and to help keep the Biafran people free of fear.God  bless Biafra  #SupportBiafraReferendum @UN @netanyahu @EUCouncil @realDonaldTrump @VP @Amaka_Ekwo @EmekaGift @cedoziemm @NkirukaNistoran @realFFK @RussellBluejac1 @nlitvin 
BREAKING: Boris Johnson Rushed To Hospital With Suspected Head Up Arse  #borisjohnson #brexit 
Let me save you 30 mins of being talked down to by an Eton debating society runner-up.The gist of @BorisJohnson’s speech:RULE BRITANNIA. Please make me PM. Brexit is an awful idea, but it’s better than upsetting THE FEELZ of all the voters I conned. Also, PLEASE make me PM. 
My take on #borisspeech is that as the tide is turning & more people are getting behind REMAIN & while #Brexit lies are slowly unfolding; Boris has only a small window to ride the Brexit wave into leadership of the Tories. 
It is not necessary to surrender our sovereignty to cooperate internationally.Voluntary cooperation will always be richer than anything forced down us by the diktat of unelected, unaccountable eurocrats.Britain can and will be a more engaged global player after #Brexit.  
Boris Johnson:. "They [Remainers] fear that the Brexit vote was a vote for nationalism and small-mindedness and xenophobia.".Yes, that's 100% correct. Please revisit your Leave campaign material in which you played upon the fears of Nationalists and xenophobes. 
“The idea that young people’s views on Brexit should carry more weight than old people’s is as horrific as saying a white person’s vote should have more worth than a black person’s.”Brendan O’Neill on how the Remainer cult of youth threatens democracy 
“I came to say that we held a referendum and we won that referendum.”—Mireia Boya#Vualà 
Err! The people of N Ireland voted to Remain in the EU! It's the Brexit zealots who are insulting the people of N Ireland. While we're on the subject of NI, what's your solution to the border question? Care to share Ms Hoey? 
Listening to BoJo's Brexit speech today... it's all about him taking control, away from the people and then having a bonfire of our rights and protections  
BBC on ropes. Sport largely gone to Sky. Quality drama gone to Netflix. BBC news increasingly Brexit, weak & simply Govt press releases. If Netflix set up a sharp, balanced News service, what would be left besides local radio, a desert island & a few good foreign correspondents? 
It's a strange world when film stars will happily give a standing ovation to Roman Polanski but if they voice their support for Brexit they'll be exiled and rendered unemployed. Aren't Remoaners supposed to be tolerant and inclusive?  
I'm a Remainer and I'm not getting behind any version of Brexit. Let the Leavers know how tedious their 43 years of griping and offering nothing constructive were for the rest of us. Hopefully the rage we induce will make them drop dead. 
Summary:1. Brexiters weren't 'brainwashed'.2. They just voted the wrong way, because they believed the LIES on the side of a bus.3. Which shows that referendums are a bad idea.4. And this is why we must have another referendum, to overturn the last one.5. That's all, folks!  
Roses are redBrexit's a trapWe think Boris JohnsonTalks nothing but crap#ValentinesDay 
According to Boris Johnson the UK’s trade with South Korea has increased 100% since 2010. This is because of the EU-South Korea trade deal, which we only have access to because we’re EU members and we will have to renegotiate after Brexit.   
The purpose of Boris’ talk was obvious:Many people are not supporting Brexit. Boris’ solution is that they support Brexit.I have another solution to the national discord: Let’s ditch Brexit and everyone just be happy about it. Woop! 
Boris Johnson's idea for Brexit is preposterous, says @OliverKamm  
Boris has invited those opposed to Brexit to see the advantages of it. He wasn't able to describe any though, because there aren't any. Brexit was sold as a pig in a poke. The government still hasn't said what it is. The country has changed its mind.Hope this helps. 
#Breaking - Supreme Court rules in favor of the CDA's draft constitution that was adopted by the CDA last August. The court ruling paves the way for a referendum on the constitution draft. #Libya 
Jean-Claude Juncker lashes out at Boris Johnson's speech on Brexit unity  
The Liberal Democrats are leading the fight against Brexit. Join our campaign here:  
If Chuka Umunna had been Labour leader during the EU referendum, how do you think the public would have voted? 
.@ChukaUmunna is the de facto Leader of the Opposition *and* the de facto Shadow Brexit Minister.  
The Brexit debate has been clouded by catchphrases and confusing metaphors. Here is a guide to the most confounding  
All you need to know about Boris Johnson’s vapid speech is that there was not a single mention of the Irish Border and how Brexit will allow for it. Empty rhetoric, from an empty vessel. 
Supervised vs. Unsupervised Learning: Exploring Brexit with PLS and PCA  #rstats #DataScience 
The saddest thing about people who support the Union, is they have no foresight.  They can't see how much the union actually holds Scotland back. Especially now in light of a hard Brexit. Do they not see that Scotland even just in the single market would be a beacon for business 
Strongly agree we need to bring country together after divisiveness of Brexit - but how on earth does Boris think he can do that after the mendacious campaign he fought 
How, Boris Johnson, would holding another referendum be a "disastrous mistake that would lead to permanent and ineradicable feelings of betrayal"?If Leave won it would confirm the result of the 2016 vote.If Remain won it would be because people have changed their minds. 
Have yet to watch the full Boris Johnston talk today on Brexit But readng the snipets i have come across it is clear no policies, no planning, no fallback plans And yet Ross Thomspn MP described it as a wonderful unplifting talk!Must be wonderful on planet Tory 
B. Johnson peddles what has repeatedly been proven to be the lie that EU immigration has suppressed wages. And he cynically blames immigration for the government & business failure to invest properly in the skills of young people.#LeaveLies #Brexit #FBPE #StopBrexit 
Brextremist MP Andrew Rosindell when asked if 'people want facts'."I'm not sure they do".Actually Andrew, as the real facts about Brexit come to light, people can take a different view on Brexit. Please RT:  
Brexit will give the UK a golden opportunity to re-establish itself as a champion of free trade, says top economist  
Whilst Boris talks bollocks, Adonis hits the nail on the head.... 
Nail on the head. One of the best articles ever written on the looming catastrophe of #Brexit and why Remainers should never be bullied into submission.It’s worth reading and retweeting. 
Boris Johnson: Nothing concrete, just hollow words and bluster. Let’s unite against Brexit.  
Boris Johnson is right that people’s feelings matter.  He is therefore very foolish to ignore the strong feelings in the country against Brexit.  People are not just upset: they are extremely angry at the way this government has betrayed them. #FBPE  
#Remain means the same thing to all, it is clear, it is concise, it is unequivocal.#Brexit means many different things to many different people.Even the government's MPs have opposing views on its final implementation.A vote on a fractured concept cannot be a valid mandate. 
MEMO to BoJo the Clown AKA Boris Johnson.Rumour has it you've threatened to RESIGN if you don't get your own way on #BrexitHmm NOT very dignified.Why not just pre-empt it & go NOW ?#JustSomeFriendlyAdvice 
BoJo’s speech, more investment in Brexit London & national service. Get involved! 
Correct! Brexit is about being able to do business with the World, benefiting for example our Commonwealth links, agreeing our own trade deals, growing our economy and taking responsibility our laws. Exciting! Opportunity! Growth!   
A Cabinet minister actually gives an optimistic vision of the opportunities of Brexit, rather than glumly talking about how to make the best of it. Why hasn’t this been the message from the government over the last 19 months?  
'Here's something we agree on... a double referendum'Labour peer and remainer @Andrew_Adonis calls out Conservative's @johnredwood over his call for two #Brexit referendums before the process began.  
WATCH: Optimistic Boris on Brexit's Opportunities  
.@rickygervais Hi Ricky would you mind sharing this with your lovely tweeps we need 25000 sigs in 12days easy peasy? (-:)  Petition: End the export of live farm animals after Brexit.  
The disbelief when I saw a #liverpoolfc fan tweeting support for #BorisJohnson , and then retweeting support for him from Brexit Central - shows the utter madness of  leavers  
Roses are red Brexit is blue Britain will be better off Outside the EU #ValentinesDay  
Predictably I see that the MSM are giving this guy and his ageist slogan loads of air time. Hopefully they’ll get as bored as the rest of us hearing his childish drivel about Brexit.  
My fingers are hoarse from typing this, inside and outside Government, but Ireland is not just another one of the Brexit contradictions: it is *the* contradiction.  
It should worry anyone - whichever way you voted in June 2016 - that 19 months on there are no solutions to the problems Brexit poses: on trade, on money for NHS, on our rights at work, on citizens or on the N Ireland border. The time for bluster is long over. 
Bungling Boris Johnson's exit ambushed as he stages #Brexit speech in same building as #LibDems HQ  
It takes a certain level of clueless, fog-brained, disconnected Tory buffoonery to consider Boris Johnson the man with the record to reassure anyone over Brexit.#BorisBluff#StopBrexit pic.twitter.com/dYEAvBZ71h 
Brexit is the best decision the UK has made in my lifetime.A chance to re-callibrate our economy to meet the future; to relieve the burdens of protectionism on the poor; to re-embrace old allies and new friends; and, crucially, to regain our sovereignty#LoveYourBrexit  
Conservative Brexiteer Andrew Rosindell tells Sky News the Northern Ireland border problem can be "easily solved" after Brexit. Doesn't explain how. 
One thing would nail this debate, and yet @theresa_may still refuses to be drawn on the subject. She needs to show passion for #Brexit opportunities and openly state that she would vote for it if there was another vote today.If not, people will always question her commitment.  
The government’s own impact analysis shows that Britain will be worse off in every sense post-Brexit.  We cannot allow @theresa_may to continue with her catastrophic hard #Brexit.  The public must be granted a vote on the deal and a chance to #ExitFromBrexit 
#BorisJohnson #BorisBluff #borisspeech @BorisJohnson says he has tried to reach out to touch the remainers in the hope they will back Brexit.Well he's not touched me.Remainers, what would you rather be touched by?#FBPE #StopBrexitSaveBritain #NHSLove 
*Betray millions* @BorisJohnson? We'd be doing them a bloody favour. It's you who betrayed millions. You lied for Brexit, cynically, to advance your career, no doubt in the belief that no harm done cos Brexit would lose - as anyone could see by the expression on your face on 24/6  
Have any senior Brexiters ever been to the Irish border? It remains the most difficult, complex and politically sensitive aspect of Brexit - maybe why it is constantly ignored by Brexit's most vocal advocates?  
"We held a referendum, and we won it," says former CUP MP Mireia Boya   . 
 Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson sets out a vision for a more outward looking, global Britain after Brexit 
Howling rage against Boris by ultra-Remainers is quite something. He beat them in the referendum, and they will always hate him for it. 
Boris Johnson managed to squeeze the words 'irenic', 'spitzenkandidaten', 'murrain', 'justiciable' into his speech. But while he was obfuscating loquaciously, he left us no clearer on resolving the intractable problems of #Brexit: the economy, citizen's rights, the Irish border.. 
An optimistic tour de force from @BorisJohnson this morning, setting out a Brexit vision behind which the  whole country ought to be able to unite  
Irish border issue - nothingCitizens rights - nothingFuture trade deals - nothingDevolved powers post Brexit - nothingEconomic wellbeing - nothingBritish rights for those living  inside the EU - nothingWhat points were you making exactly Boris Johnson? What a waste of time 
No, Mr Johnson, the betrayal is of the British people by a bunch of very rich people drooling over the prospect of a hard #Brexit British tax haven. #StopBrexit #FBPE #FinalSay 
Hey! Want us to buy into the brilliance of Brexit? You’re going to have to find some people with credibility to sell it, not the clown car of rapacious, dough-thick liars you’ve got lined up for the next three weeks. 
#Brexit is Liberal internationalist project says @BorisJohnson. Just like Elvis is alive on the moon. Optimistic slogans not a substitute for understanding the damage leaving the Single Market and Customs union will do. #FBPE #ExitFromBrexit 
They talked of nothing else in #Broxtowe. Boris needs to get into the real world ppl are worried his #Brexit will harm our economy  
My cartoon Wednesday @TheTimes. That #BorisJohnson speech in full.... #Brexit  
In his speech aimed to heal the #Brexit divide @BorisJohnson again repeating & thus strengthening the myth of low skilled EU Citizens coming to the UK. MAC report not out until Autumn and until then it is nothing but unsubstantiated speculation vindicating xenophobic electorate. pic.twitter.com/EeqAsei2Pz 
On the plus side of Boris Johnson's detail-lite #BeMyBrexitValentine speech, it shows real anxiety that Brexit isn't winning confidence, or appropriately today, enough hearts and minds. The road to #ThinkAgain should feel emboldened. 
Boris right to say Brexiteers can't be complacent and stop outlining the positive opportunities post Brexit in all policy areas, amidst constant negativity by those seeking to undermine the wishes of the British people. 
Scotland didn’t vote Brexit. Scotland didn’t vote Tory.The only use we have for Boris Johnson is as an incredibly impractical bog brush. 
Johnson opposes a #FinalSay referendum. He wants to force through a #Brexit which no-one even knows the form of, let alone has voted on, regardless of whether a majority opposes it.The Brextremists want their Brexit & they won't let democracy get in their way.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Boris Johnson's Brexit speech happened a couple of floors above Lib Dem HQ - they can't resist a cheeky protest  
Boris Johnson: "I have one final thing I want you to consider. This is Chewbacca. Chewbacca is a Wookiee from the planet Kashyyyk. But Chewbacca lives on the planet Endor. Now think about it; that does not make sense. So Brexit must make sense."(With apologies to South Park.) 
Boris Johnson’s speech shows why the left need to take over the Brexit debate.Let’s not let the right define and control Brexit.Brexit is going to happen, so the left must make the internationalist, co-operative and outward looking vision for post-Brexit Britain. 
. @LeaveMnsLeave welcomes the optimistic vision of Brexit that @BorisJohnson set out today. This is the positive tone the British public have been waiting for the Government to deliver. 
Repeated mention of ppl trying to stop Brexit/2nd ref reflects growing alarm from Brexiters at increased organisation/eloquence of Remain campaign. 
Many MPs concerned about a worrying #OptimismBias in Govt approach to #Brexit , including timescale & capacity left to put contingency plans in place, will be disappointed that none of these were addressed. Writing off concerns as somehow obstructing the grand vision won’t help 
BORIS: Reversing Brexit would 'lead to permanent and ineradicable feelings of betrayal – we cannot and will not let it happen'. 
Boris in summary: Brexit can be great. Dogging joke. Transition can be same as now but nuts to remain close in perpetuity. Thai sex tourism joke. Doesn't promise not to resign. 
This is one of Boris Johnson's best speeches. He highlights why Britain deserves to be a free global entity and not some kind of chattel, that the EU restricts access to in order to give them more importance.#Brexit  
BREAKING: the only new idea to come out of Boris' speech is that Brexit is great for promoting organic carrots. Seriously.  
Boris Johnson’s #brexit speech was nothing more than a warmed leftover from the #EUref campaign. He just added more fluff. No new detail, none of the clarity everyone is screaming out for. Any deal must meet Labour’s tests... 
Boris Johnson: "We may choose to follow EU regulations so that we don't disrupt the supply chains of UK businesses."So... We copy EU law for economic benefit, but thanks to Brexit, we now won't have a say in it. Great  
If I was a Leaver and I was watching Boris I’d be apoplectic. There’s a case to be made for Brexit. But this vaudeville routine isn’t it. 
Here are all the times Boris Johnson has contradicted the arguments he just made for Brexit.  
#Boris presenting an optimistic vision of global Britain. I hope he is right. But his speech did not address any of the serious practical difficulties that will affect real peoples lives with a hard #Brexit 
Johnson speech seems rather similar to the one just before the referendum “the liberal cosmopolitan case” for Brexit - although no reference to an immigration amnesty this time:  
I currently sell:10 widgets to John, but predict a 300% post-Brexit increase. 10,000 widgets to Sophia, and predict a 3% post-Brexit decrease. Do you see the problem here? 
Boris Johnson's speech on brexit went about as normally as you'd expect  
This. There is no green brexit plan, there's just a Tory detoxification strategy. #RoadToBrexit 
Lots of fascinating detail there from the Foreign Secretary on how the conundrum of the post-Brexit Irish border can be tackled. (lol, jking) 
Has Boris Johnson's speech made you change your mind about stopping #brexit?#FBPE 
Johnson's major speech against the background of unaccountable, obscurely funded right wing think tank More evidence that far from the populace 'taking back control' #Brexit is being run by dark money from unknown beneficiaries  
Boris Johnson: "More ppl voted Brexit than have ever voted for anything in the history of this country.I say in all candour that if there were to be a 2nd vote I believe that we would simply have another year of wrangling & turmoil & feuding in which the whole country would lose" 
Boris Johnson talking about stem cell research. That's predominantly based on rare diseases research - for which we need international frameworks of funding, laws, market for medicines, etc. Brexit hurts that. 
If Boris Johnson really wants to allay fears on economic impact of #Brexit he shd put the #impactassessments in the public domain & tackle their conclusion that disadvantages far outweigh minimal advantages of #Brexit. I’ve seen them. They’re dire.  #FBPE 
Is it not extraordinary that more than 18 months after WINNING the Brexit referendum @BorisJohnson feels the need to make a speech explaining why it's a good thing? If he was so sure of it, why would he bother? I thought the brexiteers had a democratic mandate. 
.@BorisJohnson is now saying we must 'take back control' for Parliament and yet he voted against giving the House of Commons a meaningful vote on the #Brexit deal and refuses to entertain the people having a vote on it either. He wants it all determined by a ministerial elite 
Imagine being so deluded that you think Boris Johnson can get remainers onside with your flaky (to the point of non-existant) Brexit plan  
Boris Johnson boasts that the UK will have "more money to spend" after Brexit. OBR forecast net loss of £300m a week.  
The double standards of @BorisJohnson are quite something - he is now lambasting the EU for not having open decision making when he and his Government have done all they can to withhold information on the impact of #Brexit from Parliament and the people we represent 
This speech from Boris Johnson is indistinguishable from his before the referendum: a bland and generic wishlist, grotesquely exaggerated assertions, all predicated on nationalist sentiment and colonial sentimentality. Backward-looking clap-trap 
So much bluster in this Boris speech - and in his empty promise that Brexit won't make us more insular. But he campaigned to sever our political ties with the EU, and to end freedom of movement. He can't wish away the reality of what he's created. 
Boris Johnson appears to be completely deluded about Brexit and just focused on his pitch to be the next PM. Reassuring that he's not in a position of power. Oh wait... 
Boris Johnson: Brexit "is not about returning to some autarkic 1950s menu of spam and cabbage and liver... it is not some great V-sign from the cliffs of Dover. It is the expression of legitimate and natural desire for selfgovernment of the people, by the people, for the people." 
Brexit "fulfils the liberal idealism of John Stuart Mill himself". He;s taking the lords name in vain. 
So far Boris Johnson reassurance speech on #Brexit consists of the usual platitudes & a new bizarre argument that UK will continue to be engaged in Europe because people go on their holidays there. Pathetic #brexitshambles #FPBE 
Boris Johnson’s Brexit speech summarised: “We can leave the club & still use their sauna, swim in their pool & drink their smoothies, without paying the membership fees”. Only problem is: we can’t. 
Boris Johnson is to say that stopping Brexit "would lead to permanent and ineradicable feelings of betrayal" - well Britain's young people already feel betrayed, because we were betrayed. That is why we are fighting to #stopbrexit #FBPE 
Boris Johnson: "There is no sensible reason why we would not continue to retire to countries like Spain."THAT IS A FREE MOVEMENT PERK! It would require a visa post Brexit! 
"We will continue to go on cheapo flights to stag parties in ancient cities" says Boris in explanation of how we remain part of Europe despite Brexit 
Johnson saying UK committed to defence of Europe. But that's not the issue - breaking up Europe is Putin's aim and Brexit handed him a slamdunk 
WATCH | @BorisJohnson: Stopping Brexit "would be a disastrous mistake that would lead to permanent and ineradicable feelings of betrayal. We cannot and will not let it happen."  
Boris Johnson says: People seem to think that the Brexit vote has made it harder to live work and study in the rest of Europe.If you tell people to vote to end Freedom of Movement, you can't then tell them they'll get free movement to other EU countries after Brexit.  
.@BorisJohnson: It would be a “disastrous mistake” for anyone to try to reverse the referendum result and stop Brexit. “We cannot and will not let it happen.”  
In the tiniest room in London, a crowd of old white men in suits is waiting to hear the modern Pericles speak about Brexit...  
Unfortunately for Boris Johnson, he's giving a speech in a building that doesn't particularly like Brexit.  
John Redwood didn’t give straight answer when I challenged him on previous support for a 2nd referendum on the terms of a Brexit deal on @vicderbyshire 
Where's the investigation into referendum corruption then? (Or is that only for charities?)@Andrew_Adonis @ThatTimWalker @thatginamiller @ChukaUmunna @acgrayling @Anna_Soubry @Keir_Starmer @vincecable @nick_clegg @terrychristian 
Enough of the revisionism – at the referendum we did vote to Leave the EU’s Customs Union  via @BrexitCentral 
Boris Johnson to give Brexit speech in same building as Lib Dem HQ. @EUflagmafia how's that for you? 
"If I hear one more time from the Labour front bench: 'We're not going to change until public opinion changes...'. Public opinion is not like the weather. The weather we can't affect. Public opinion we can affect by setting out an alternative." - @campbellclaret on #Brexit 
Roses are redViolets are blueBoris tells lies& Speaks for the fewA second ref, isn't our callWhat we want is #FinalSayForAll You can't unite, when being ignored#brexit is shit & deeply flawed#HappyValentinesDay saboteurs! pic.twitter.com/phoazuHNAH 
That's all very well, but when are we going to hear what the Government's plan for Brexit is?  
Burundi police threaten to arrest anyone campaigning prematurely against a referendum to revise the Constitution, which if passed could allow President Pierre Nkurunziza to remain in power until 2034  
"Brexit inevitably changes relations across the Irish border and between these islands."Pleased to have a piece in the latest @agendani on UK-EU Joint Report: scenarios, implications & looking ahead for NI/IRL. 
Brexit.  
Boris Johnson can go fuck himselfI’ve never met a quitter even remotely capable of giving nice words to usAnd threats not to try to #StopBrexitYou can’t silence meNo fucking way will i give up trying to prevent Brexit#WATON 
And there are people who believe these men care about the ordinary people of Britain!BTW, the last photo is Boris Johnson with Sergey Nalobin, son of a KGB agent, friend of Vote Leave chief Matthew Elliot, and expelled from the UK. #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit #WATON 
Labour is red,Tories are blue,Brexit means Brexit?We don’t have a clue. 
Remains and Leavers can unite around a positive vision of Brexit. As Boris Johnson says, it is a ’great national endeavour with immense economic and political benefits’  
Not a single interviewer asks Hannan about his direct quote that 'noone was talking about leaving the single market' before the referendum. That drives me potty - blatant lies and  one even asks him about it! 
Brexit betrayal is inevitable whatever happens: it’s what Farage is banking on.Worst possible way to stoke it is to pretend Brexit will deliver things it can’t - which is what Johnson is doing.We have no choice but to be honest about Brexit. It will damage us. 
Follow Back Pro Europe.  But it's been hijacked Dave & used to trash Labour.WATON means We Are The Opposition Now.ABVT means Against Brexit Vote Tactically. They tell their users to vote anything but Labour 
The use of the word 'plot' to describe democratic opposition, is the language of dictatorship and tyranny, aimed at whipping up fear, hate, distrust & suspicion of political opponents. They prefer to undermine our democracy rather than to lose #Brexit.#StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON 
Liberal Brexit? You are not liberal if you can’t even work with your neighbours.  
Fantastic watching John Redwood squirm as you pressed him on vews from the past that he initially denied! It was equally satisfying to see him wriggle on the need for a second referendum. Afraid of  losing maybe? Great interview.@Andrew_Adonis 
Roses are red#Brexit is blueBritain will be better off Outside the #EU#ValentinesDay 
Let's be honest Boris, the only way to reunite the UK is to have a fact based final vote on the deal with the EU that includes an option to exit from #Brexit. 
What British people fear the most about #Brexit that it's managed by one of the most chaotic Government of all time! #VictoriaLIVE 
@Andrew_Adonis currently skewering John Redwood on #VictoriaLIVE @BBCNews . It transpires Redwood wanted a second referendum. First he denies then says it was different then, when confronted with actual words, waffles desperately. 
The problem with a "liberal Brexit" is that most liberals don't want Brexit and most Brexiteers aren't liberal:  
Would happily vacate field to spend more time with my books if we had one who fought this hard right hard Brexit  
A 16% margin of support for the idea of a second referendum. The Brexiteers are scared of the 'will of the people' but the only way for Boris & co to heal the country is to have a people's vote on the final options  
.@Andrew_Adonis catches John Redwood out on his previous comments regarding a Double Referendum. "The first to ask the question the second to settle the question" #VictoriaLIVE #Brexit 
That tweet has not been deleted: my complaint about our ‘government’ coming so late & so feebly to the matter of Chinese irredentism in the Spratleys stands; as does the desperate attempt at distraction from the chaos of Brexit. - As it applies to you, I agree with your remark.  
John Oliver characteristically sound on Brexit  
'The Home Office must urgently address the fact that doctors are being refused visas at a time of unprecedented pressure on the NHS' @DacreJane RCP president comments on Home Office delivery of Brexit report.  
Billionaire Richard Branson joins Soros in latest bid to STOP Brexit  
There are two people making important #Brexit speeches today. Which one do you think will score highest for honesty and integrity? 
I don't see why we're taking Boris Johnson seriously on Brexit, says Yvette Cooper  
Boris demands Theresa May ignore EU demands post-BrexitHe has the mettle of Brexiteers determination!  
The Brexit vote 'must not be betrayed' says arch betrayer, liar and all round devious, self-serving twonk, Boris Johnson. Please, Boris dp us all afavour and bog off!  
Proceed with Brexit and you'll betray millions more, in this generation and the next.  
Boris Johnson warns thwarting Brexit vote would be disastrous FACT IS BORIS - WE DON'T TRUST YOU-WE DON'T BELIEVE YOU- WE DON'T LIKE YOU !! 
Liberal BrexitGreen BrexitRed, White & Blue BrexitFantasy BrexitMarketing BrexitIdeology BrexitReality BrexitExpensive BrexitPointless BrexitHelluva Mess BrexitEconomic Slowdown BrexitTired of Brexit?Just ditch Brexit  
Roses are redCats are courageousAnyone with sense knowsBrexit is fiscally disadvantageous...#ValentinesDay 
I can offer nothing but empathy being in a similar situation myself. Brexit will probably finish our 20yr old business. We have children to support. We've built lives in an EU country thanks to the rights conferred upon us by EU citizenship & all is in tatters. It's devastating. 
'Change their minds' Treacherous Greedy selfish Billionaire @richardbranson joins Soros in latest bid to STOP Brexit  
“Tory cuts to immigration and border  staff mean they can’t cope with existing workload, let alone prepare for Brexit - new report exposes Theresa May’s Brexit chaos”  via @LondonEconomic 
The British people won’t go for Boris-ology. They know how he lied during the EU referendum campaign and that all he really, really wants is to be Prime Minister @Labour4EU @labour4europe @London4Europe #Brexit  
About to out John Redwood as supporter of 2nd referendum on @vicderbyshire. Have discovered pre-2016 article where Redwood said 2nd referendum on Brexit terms democratically essential! So much for Boris telling us all to shut up & fall in line. 
Matteo Salvini:Slaves of the EU?No, thanks!EU can go F*** itself!EU has been punishing us for last 15 years & we're worst off than 15 years ago.#EU measures are last thing I'm interested in!Can't wait for Italy to regain its sovereignty...#Brexit 
Once I get through the paywall I will read this. I’m not known for being silent on important #Brexit matters!  
Delay in decisions & understaffing on Brexit immigration plans are causing needless uncertainty for employers & EU citizens, confusion for Parliament & public, and putting immigration & border staff in impossible position. Our @CommonsHomeAffs report  
“Brexit won’t badly affect you”Literally losing my right to live and work here. Possibly facing deportation. Full thickness has been gripped.  
Withering report from @CommonsHomeAffs, chaired by @YvetteCooperMP, on government's planning & delivery for Brexit & immigration. Damning on the consequences of failure & uncertainty for EU citizens, business & security. Damning on govt's failure to realise scale of task in hand.  
A colleague in @ct4europe who works in Brussels says people there see Brexit as a human rights issue as well as a trading, political issue. The treatment of EU citizens in Britain confirms this. @mohnkuchenfan 
Episode 1 (well actually 2 but we're calling it 1) of @CakeWatchCast is now live - @GuitarMoog and I discuss #Brexit transition. Stream in your browser or download in your podcast client of choice! #CakeWatch 
BdePJ delivers his big 'a United Kingdom’ speech today, his aim is to reach out to those who voted Remain and reassure them that Brexit Britain will be a country that reflects their liberal values. Well I can tell you now @BorisJohnson, save your breath & your lies. #StopBrexit 
Johnson denounced ahead of major Brexit speech: 'Why are we taking him seriously?'Ms Cooper told the BBC’s #r4today programme: “And to be honest given that everything he said about the bus I don’t know really see why we’re taking him seriously.”#FBPE 
Alastair Campbell: "We were told there would be more money for the NHS after Brexit but we've just had the biggest winter crisis in our history" Listen again ▼ @JuliaHB1 @campbellclaret 
If the BBC were still a reputable source of news on Brexit, Humphrys would have asked Sweden’s ambassador about a senior UK minister visiting Stockholm to lobby- not whether German is likely to displace English as the country’s 2nd language after Brexit.  
Boris is to give his first speech on Brexit Britain today, heard he will show consideration to Remainers plight, please Boris no fawning they betray a legitimate vote, tell them to get on board or move to Brussels. 
Cryptoman nails it on Boris Johnson & Brexit  
Everyone seems to be obsessed with Brexit being stopped & a small minority of the 37% taking to the streets to protest their anger & rage at not getting their blue fucking passports. When will politicians wake up? Think about the anger & rage of all those who'll lose their jobs? 
Boris "£350m" Johnson. Boris "Olympic Stadium debacle" Johnson. Boris "racist" Johnson, Boris "Garden Bridge" Johnson. Boris "Bullingdon" Johnson. Boris "Liverpool victim status" Johnson, Boris "watermelon smile" Johnson. Boris "for and against Brexit" Johnson... #r4today 
Boris Johnson warns stopping #Brexit would be disastrous......for his political career because he would have backed the wrong horse. 
There are two business people on SKY website bemoaning & berating the Government's lack of clarity over BREXIT - I must confess I don't recognise either of them - are they great luminaries? 
Get real. The Govt backs Brexit & it’s own analysis shows which ever way you cut it Brexit will reduce growth  
Come on @jeremycorbyn, you can change the whole landscape of these #Brexit negotiations with just a few words and actions.  An embarrassing defeat for the government would go some way to stopping their catastrophic hard #Brexit.  
No one in the real world - really, not a single person - gives a monkeys about Boris Johnson's speech. The fact the national media often thought it could map politics by speeches (e.g leaders' conference ones) is one reason they didn't see Brexit coming. 
"It's easier to fool people than to convince them that they have been fooled" - Mark Twain #Brexit  
I like @BorisJohnson. I really do and it’s interesting many of those mouthing off today, some of whom I know are not as kind and engaged as he is. I hate Brexit, but we had the vote. Now maybe let’s see how we can actually work something out. 
"Liberal Brexit"? don't make me laugh, Boris Johnson.Arms dealing is central to our post-Brexit trade strategy, as a series of grovelling UK missions to dictators has made very clear.  
That awkward moment when someone tells you proudly they voted for Brexit & you just think 'You Total Moron'  
There is a very simple truth behind Johnsons speech. If the British people stop Brexit then the political career of Boris Johnson is over. He has his hitched himself to a catastrophe and he is terrified.  
Boris will make his road to Brexit speech today. Mainly he will be saying:I want to be PMI want to be PMI want to be PMI want to be PMI want to be PMI want to be PMI want to be PMI want to be PMI want to be PMI want to be PMI want to be PMI want to be PM 
Boris to deliver major speech reaching out to Remainers with liberal vision of Brexit | 'Intolerable and undemocratic' for Britain to be subject to EU laws after Brexit | Key Macron ally warns Barnier against 'humiliating' Britain  
Will somebody ask @BorisJohnson today why he’s still refusing to publish his own Government’s economic analysis illustrating the harm his version of #Brexit could do to livelihoods across the UK? Perhaps because he’s worried the public might change their minds? #FactsMatter 
In which John Humphrys asks the Swedish ambassador: “What’s the danger that you're going to end up speaking German" instead of English as your 2nd language after Brexit@jonworth #r4today @LBC #StopBrexit @bbcnews 
Brexit Britain must take back control!  
This is a crucial point for politicians to bear in mind. The Leave vote was a broad coalition of views which, close up, are not only different from each other but actually contradictory. There is no Brexit with which all, or even most, of them will be content.  
Boris Johnson’s speech isn’t mentioning inconvenient truths like this:Immigration & border forces cut by Tories won’t be able to do their job properly- shock new report exposes Theresa May’s Brexit chaos  via @LondonEconomic 
Great to see @artists4brexit getting some early media coverage - a sorely needed movement to counter the dull, uniform pro-EU groupthink:  #Brexit #Arts #ClassicalMusic 
What a disingenuous pile of nonsense! Labour runs Midlothian Council with the help of 3rd largest party......the ToriesFor British Nationalists like Jeremy the main concern is maintaining UK & helping a Hard BrexitNeither are in Scotland’s interests  
I’m delighted Labour has such well developed policies for cats and lobsters. Could we mabye have something on Brexit now please. 
Boris offers a Brexit vision & seeks national unity.In response Chuka hurls insults in BoJo's direction. Remoaners only know about stoking division, fear and smear. 
So George, explain Jeremy’s whipping the troops into Theresa’s lobby on every Brexit issue? Explain how Brexit is going to help working families, internationalism, peace & cooperation? It’s a shocking embarrassment to witness Labour’s support for Brexit, the hard right’s dream.  
The future's bright; the future's Brexit. 
And to think the ambassador was trying to be constructive about post-Brexit relations (while politely pointing out that cakeist visions are unrealistic). I dread what he’ll report to Stockholm & what the European ambassadors will be saying to each other.  
Hannan one of the very few Brexiters who regularly admits referendum had a narrow outcome. 
Yvette Cooper easily one of the brightest & respected people associated with Labour is just waffling with John Humphrys on Today on immigration & BREXIT! Labour don’t appear to have official policies! 
No we're not trying to overturn the 'Will of the People'... We're trying to overturn a gerrymanndered referendum in which Leave obtained millions of votes for the Norway model which was never available. 
I found this @Dannythefink column on Soros & Brexit in @thetimes so arrestingly powerful that I can’t but address it today on @LBC as I sit in for @mrjamesob. Oh, and it reminded me why I say: “lists are for fascists”  (£) 
Boris on how Brexit will be a case of how "the British bucked the trend and took the initiaitive." Unlike other EU nations who are running scared of democracy. To me Brexit is the Great Escape from ever closer political union in a United States of Europe. 
Labour can save the NHS and at least begin to repair the harm and damages the Tories have done in so many areasBenefitsHousingUtilitiesTransportPolicingSocial ServicesEducationDefenceBut there is a morons chorus all saying "because of Brexit I'll help the Tories"  
If .@BorisJohnson speech is supposed to offer olive branch to Remainers, he must have picked up the other version. A majority of all voters oppose the hard Brexit Boris advocates. They don't want job cuts triggered by tougher trading conditions with our largest export market 
I am wondering if Gov have ordered ships 2 protect UK fishing fleet, hired more border force, started implementing smart border for Ireland, in fact have they done anything in preparation for us leaving. If not, why not @Conservatives or are U focusing on scuppering #Brexit 
Boris Johnson warns thwarting Brexit would be disastrous for Boris Johnson’s hopes of becoming prime minister 
Poll shows Leave voters would stay mostly solid even if Brexit hurts economy, their finances and the NHS  
Boris Johnson talks today about thwarting the will of the people. You can’t thwart the will of the people if they get to vote on the final #Brexit deal. Here’s why  
All Nigel wants for #ValentinesDay is a long hard uncomfortable brexit.  
About to do @talkRADIO with @JuliaHB1 on Charlatan in Chief @BorisJohnson speech on potholed road to Brexit. would happily give up the slot for @Femi_Sorry or other @OFOCBrexit voices. LET THE YOUTH BE HEARD 
this is the guy @BBCNews cannot bear to have on their screens in case IDS ReesMug Farage BoJo Redwood Lamont Lawson Paterson Dyson (pet Brexit businessman) Minford (pet economist) get squeezed  
I'm not saying that John Humphrys is a jingoistic hard #Brexit pusher, I'm just saying that on #r4today he asked the Swedish ambassador "won't you all end up speaking German?" 
Boris Johnson “reaches out” to Remainers by telling us to be quiet and fall in line behind his disastrous, self-aggrandising Brexit. Forget it, fatberg.  
EU member states AFRAID of Brexit due to Macron's plot for future of Europe, expert warns  
Stopping Brexit will not involve betraying 17.4 million voters as it will only happen because it is clear that a lot of leave voters  have had a change of heart. 
Oh my God- John Humphrys just concluded a Brexit-focused interview with the (very courteous) Swedish ambassador by asking him, “And what’s the risk that after Brexit in Sweden you’ll end us speaking German instead of English as your 2nd language?” BrexitShambles #r4today 
I have lived in their future - which is why I, and millions of others, voted to leave it in the Referendum. 
When Boris bangs on about wanting to have a liberal society after Brexit, he is of course yearning for the liberal economics of an 1870 pit owner and certainly not worker rights. Sod that. 
Boris Johnson claim he wants a "liberal" Brexit then talks about immigration suppressing the wages of "indigenous" people.  
We must respect the outcome of the advisory referendum. We must respect the will of the 37% of the electorate who voted to leave. Where the fuck is respect for the rest of the population?I will respect no such fucking thing. I will not be fucking crushed.  #StopBrexit 
This man's explanation of why young people should stop Brexit is flooring people  
Is EU citizenship a political gift, that can be withdrawn at the whim of brexit billionaires and oligarchs, or is it a legal fact? Litigation by UK nationals in the Dutch courts to preserve their citizenship has passed its first hurdle. 
Boris Johnson says stopping Brexit would result in a sense of "betrayal".Brexit betrays Britain. It will further impoverish our poorest regions, already as poor as Greece & Calabria. No responsible Govt would inflict such damage to its own citizens. Stop Brexit.#FBPE 
Corbyn is failing the entire UK by being the hard righr’s lapdog on Brexit. 
Boris Johnson: Brexit is a reason for hope not fear   
Oh, it’s Valentine’s Day. I can hear you all scribbling your wee cards and smelling flowers. I hope you’re all in love and swoony. But I have tell you, Brexit has broken my heart.  
Boris demands Theresa May ignore EU demands post-BrexitHe wants what we voted for a Full Brexit!  
Boris Johnson warns Remainers that stopping Brexit "would lead to permanent and ineradicable feelings of betrayal."  
Everything UK leaders have said and done (& not done) in the last 18 months has continually reinforced the impressions that they are either oblivious, indifferent or disdainful of the consequences of Brexit for UK citizens abroad /8 
"Our future, our choice" - a campaign has been set up for young people who believe Brexit should be stopped  
It's hard #Brexit that'd be disastrous. Employers don't care abt 'liberal' aspirations. They want to know if they can sell their goods easily or they will leave. That means staying in SM/CU/EEA/EFTA, not throwing away our current mkts for some vague ideological freedom!  
.@BorisJohnson Today will be all about you. About how you accuse those who fight Brexit of creating “permanent and ineradicable feelings of betrayal”. I, and millions more, can tell you a few things about that feeling. For today we are #600DaysInLimbo  
We are not 'former' #remainers . Truth, decency, common sense, a backbone & integrity means we will continue to fight the #brexit catastrophe. #FBPE #stopbrexit #ABTV #r4today 
#BBCR4Today tells me that #Brexit's Liar in Chief, #BorisJohnson, will "reach out to remainers" in a speech later today.I'd rather be "reached" by bubonic plague. 
Reports of Johnson speech seem to indicate we shouldn't be subject to EU laws as we can't influence them. However that is inevitable consequence of Brexit, if we want to continue to export to EU we have to comply with their rules!! 
I was at the #Brexit information evening at the UK Embassy in Berlin last night, made possible by @BritsinGermany & @BritishInEurope /THREAD 
This “25% chance of Brexit being cancelled” doesn’t take into account the efforts of the fabulous #Renew! With your support we can make that figure 100%.A fascinating read...Samuel Tombs: Theresa May could be forced to call a second Brexit referendum  
One reason #Brexit is such a mess now is that the referendum offered a near meaningless 4 word catch-all slogan as a Leave option. But had the option been more precise about the kind of Brexit then Leave would have lost. There is no Brexit mandate. #StopBrexit #FBPE #FinalSay 
Talking long overdue speech from @BorisJohnson on @GMB on Brexit. More please from Cabinets best communicator 
As Boris plays up again on Brexit to further his own ambitions, let’s not forget the victim of his blunder who reminds us he should have been sacked as foreign secretary  
British nationalists on #Brexit are like people diving into a pool of sharks and saying mid-jump: "See! Nothing has happened." 
Boris Johnson’s big idea on Brexit is simply preposterous - @OliverKamm nails the foreign secretary’s latest burst of attention-seeking silliness 
In the 1991 referendum on whether to remain in the USSRUkraine: 81% yesThe Chechens he supposedly ethnically cleansed: 75.9% yesThe Tartars he also supposedly ethnically cleansed: 87.5% yes 
Boris Johnson is to warn Remainers that reversing Brexit would cause "permanent feelings of betrayal" across Britain  
Today we published our report on 'Home Office delivery of Brexit: immigration'. Read it here:  
The fact that he acknowledges the possibility of stopping Brexit means that we definitely can. Please redouble your efforts to do so. It is possible.  
Why doesn’t Nawaz consider result of NA-4 by-election in Peshawar as referendum in favor of Panama verdict?  
Brexit is paying off for Lithuania as it strives to become a northern European hub for 'fintech' firms  
Boris Johnson: Brexit is a reason for hope not fear  
Our fishermen have been let down by successive governments and their insistence on our membership of the European Union. #Brexit must mean reclaiming our waters and revitalising a proud British industry. @Number10gov #UKIP 
George Soros has donated £400,000 to stop Brexit  
With no time for Brexit, Macron sets out plans to redraw EU political map  
I understand your hesitation about going through yet another referendum. But we have to think about long term good of the country. Also, a Brexit vote where we respect opposing views but choose to vote WITH our daughters/sons, that could repair some of the divisions from 2016.  
Continuing with Brexit is a betrayal of the sacrifices made by NI ppl in reaching the Good Friday AgreementJohnson has such disdain for NI peace, he doesn’t even mention itHe knows he has no solutionHis big selfish career comes first  
"NO SURRENDER!" (Unless it's to Brexit or Tory austerity ideology that costs lives).This is the Tory candidate for the Selkirkshire by-election. Council level, where the constitution isn't a competency.  
Sums up the Brexit dilemma perfectly!Government analysis: "Any kind of Brexit will be disastrous."Boris Johnson: "Thwarting Brexit vote will be disastrous."Do we believe the experts?Or do we believe the politicians?It's been the central question since day one.#FBPE 
Basically.  Bugger Boris & the lies he rode in on. To hell with BREXIT, this government & especially him. 
#Brexit analysis by the Scottish Government and UK Government is much the same....both say it will have major negative effects on the Scottish economy.  
And you, Jezza, are failing the people of the UK on Brexit.#FBPE 
 via @BIUK_Politics"Pantheon Macroeconomics believes there is a 40% chance that Prime Minister Theresa May will call a second Brexit referendum because she does not have enough votes to get Brexit through Parliament."Fingers crossed.#brexitshambles 
I've been told hundreds of times how voters only lent Labour their vote in the GE to secure a soft Brexit (despite the fact Corbyn & manifesto committed to leave single market). So where is soft or no Brexit on this list of reasons people voted Labour?   
Uluru Statement voice must be in Constitution, says Referendum Council co-chair Pat Anderson and members Noel Pearson and #FASSA Megan Davis 
does @jeremycorbyn STILL support:Trident 30 miles from Scotland's largest cityBrexitNO Customs UnionNO Single MarketTory austerityand will he STOP lecturing #Scotland until he fixes #Wales 
Reads like Tories agreed to the clause on the border to allow Brexit discussions to progress. Now that they're progressing they want to renege on the agreement. May and her cabinet can't be trusted. 
It seems to me that the last thing Scotland needs is Labour. A party who colludes with Unions to deny women equal pay. Who works with Tories to deliver hard Brexit. Who fights against powers for our Parliament, and who promotes interests of big business over hard working people. 
Why must people who honestly believe that reversing Brexit would be a good thing be accused of betrayal.  The casually offensive vocabulary of treachery, treating people who still argue for Remain as at odds with our values is so depressing.  
I can’t decide if @BorisJohnson is the English Gary Busey or if Gary Busey is the American Boris Johnson. All I know is, I’ve never seen them in the same room at the same time. #Brexit 
You killed our fathers, mothers and brother and sisters you are telling us to stop talking about Biafra. I don't think that @MBuhari have common sense. #BIAFRA #referendum is all we want.  @realFFK @realDonaldTrump @nlitvin @VP @EuropeUnion @UN  
This win shows us that Floridians are rejecting the same tired rhetoric we saw with Donald Trump’s campaign, which was the same rhetoric Buchanan used to try and win. This is a referendum on Trump and the GOP. #BlueWave 
New @CommonsHomeAffs report on Home Office preparations for Brexit contains a good summary identifying several of the issues that need clarifying asap on citizens rights for @The3Million & @BritishInEurope - eg page 7  
Terrific analysis of #brexit by @anandMenon1 with @AlicePannier. The impact on British Politics will be to make the country more isolated from Europe no matter how this develops because any negative consequences for the UK will be blamed on the EU. 
There's a lot of love for this man and his views on young people and why we should #StopBrexit.@Femi_Sorry of @OFOCBrexit says he wants to deliver the will of the people who will have to live with the consequences of Brexit: to #Remain in the EU.#FBPE 
Highly critical @CommonsHomeAffs report into post-Brexit immigration arrangements, preparedness, policy delays, just published .... “overstretched” officials left in an impossible position:  
I repeat. This govt fears civil disobedience more than anything else, because it would most likely lead to its collapse. If, as appears from Johnson, it's being cowed into Brexit knowing that it's going to be disastrous, then it really needs to collapse. 
Boris Johnson will say stopping #Brexit will betray 17.4 million people. Your Brexit, Mr Johnson, will betray everyone in this country, save that privileged few who can afford the services of tax havens and expensive tax advisers.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Brexit is becoming like teen angst. Bexiters are shouting blaming everyone else and slamming doors because what they want is impossible.May is like the over indulgent mother who won't say 'No'Corbyn is the father who disappears down the pub to avoid conflict 
The better educated people in the UK voted to Remain and anticipated the problems we are facing.  Rather than be convinced by massive liar Boris Johnson, our job now is to explain to those who have fallen for lies, that Brexit will harm them & their children. #Newsnight 
A real treat for me to join @CNorthLabour and @JohannaBaxter in Saltcoats this evening. A Brexit discussion that didn’t pretend to have all the right answers, but actually identified the sensible questions.  
Somewhere in the bowels of the #BBC is an interviewer waiting to burst on to the scene by taking apart a leading #Brexit advocate on air. Then, the current generation of #Brexit pussycat interviewers at the Beeb will be instantly ready for the knacker's yard. 
Simply not true. There are more EU nationals here than there were at the time of the EU Referendum. Fact. Why not do basic research before posting such utter lies?  
The very same shysters who told the nation “don’t believe what Remain tell you; it’s project fear” are now unashamedly telling the same voters “you all knew what you signed up for; didn’t you listen to Remain?” #Brexit  
Labour must take a stand on Brexit or be responsible for austerity.“The defining issue of our times is not going to go away. Labour has to lead the fight in Parliament,” says @ChrisLeslieMP.Most people now want to #Remain. Let’s #StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
Listen to Femi. The young don’t want Brexit, and it’s their future. He wants 2nd referendum. Would #A50challenge  suffice? 
So to clarify. I am intolerant because I was willing to debate and as such that warranted me being blocked?We were debating Star Trek, so of course he decided to highlight that I voted Leave in the EU Referendum and say I was a "pathetic little Englander". 
‘I detect a hardening of the mood, a deepening of the anger. I fear that some people are becoming ever more determined to stop Brexit.’  Quite right!  
Young people are the face of @OFOCBrexit, but we need EVERYONE.We know Brexit will harm this country, especially the regions that voted most strongly for it. Everyone has a part to play in protecting this country's future.  
It's telling that most people on who talk about Brexit on news just care about trade. These people are money-hoarders & clearly don't understand that many Remain voters have ALWAYS felt European and NEVER little Britons. They are attacking our culture & identity. #Newsnight 
Aha, you noticed that too. @danieljhannan still saying that the EU creates barriers to trade for the poorest countries, but now they are (unspecified) non-tariff barriers. And Brexit would still magic them away, somehow, even though we don't know what they are. #hannanlogic 
SOME Brexit voters might have fallen for a lie on the side of a bus but Remainers won't fall for @BorisJohnson's lies. The 'liberalism' Brextremists advocate was tested in Chile by a psychopathic killer on a trapped population. Thatcher then brought it here but it's failed 
Irish press report PM asked Varadkar for help... to try to flesh out options other than the default/backstop “full alignment” position...Sounds like those Belfast talks were as much about Brexit as devolution  
Pro-Remain MPs say Brexit might not happen.“I’ll tell you who might stop it, and that’s the people of this country,” says @Anna_Soubry MP.And polls now show most people now want to #Remain in the EU. So keep campaigning to #StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
Truly a great leader, Henry spoke in Rushden this evening at @UKIP  Wellingborough's branch meeting. #BackBolton we have #Brexit to get back to !  
If Brexit is a "liberal project" @BorisJohnson then why are most who rant at me and threaten me, when I say it should be stopped or weakened, far-right supporters of the EDL and Britain First? Why is the far-right Breitbart one of its strongest media supporters?#Newsnight 
How? How? HOW? How? How? HOW? Mr Corbyn @jeremycorbyn How? How? HOW? How? How? HOW? How are you going to do that? How is Brexit going to protect jobs? How? How? HOW? How is Brexit going to protect the economy Mr Corbyn, how? How? How? Living standards? How? How? HOW? How? HOW?  
Just heard on #bbcradio4 that @BorisJohnson is going to say in a speech tomorrow that those wanting to stop brexit are getting more and more determined!Well, I suppose, he must speak the truth at least once in his life!#StopBrexitSaveBritain#WeAreTheOppositionNow 
Just been on @BBCNewsnight. @DanielJHannan in a minority of one among Brexiteers arguing for immigration. Every day @GOVUK argues for more restrictions. Fundamental dishonesty (quelle surprise) from @BorisJohnson arguing #Brexit is a liberal project. It is all about barriers. 
Vote Leave made a Farageist, not *liberal* case for Brexit. Cutting immigration & boosting the NHS is what Johnson, Gove & co. sold to the British people.  Deeply cynical & dishonest for Johnson to try to re-frame Brexit as *liberal* now.  
Daniel Hannan please note: this is the effect of the mere threat of #Brexit to British agriculture. This is but today's example. Similar instances pour forth in abundance every day. #Brexit is destructive to Britain. Full stop.#Newsnight 
“It’s either a deliberate misuse of language or intellectual confusion” - @VinceCable on Boris Johnson’s vision of a ‘liberal Brexit’ #newsnight 
Boris is right. It’s time for the majority who won the referendum to fight the insidious backsliding and scraping to the EU we’ve seen over the last year.    
There was never any prospect of a power-sharing deal yesterday so did the Prime Minister use the Stormont talks as cover for a meeting with her Irish counterpart about the border? #Brexit  
I am Brexit vox-popped out. BBC, please stop. It's completely pointless. 
The mere idea of Boris Johnson presenting #Brexit as internationalist... isn't this the Foreign Secretary who has turned Britain into a laughing stock on every occasion he has stepped onto the world stage?  #Newsnight 
It’s not just “our future, our choice” for “young people” it’s “our future, our choice” for everyone, many of whom have worked extremely hard for many years for this country & many have fought & made immense sacrifices for it. Brexit won, suck it up.  
In 5 years, you're in the minorityIn 5 years, we won't have made trade deals with the rest of the worldIn 5 years, we won't have re-done the laws of the UK in any significant way.Brexit voters may still be around, but the Brexit majority will be dead. 
Nonsense. I watched Labour abstain on austerity at Westminster. And vote for Trident,  wasting countless billions. Then there’s job slashing Brexit which Mr Corbyn dragooned his MPs into supporting in cahoots with the Tories.  Scotland won’t fall for this faux left patter again.  
This is apparently the first step in @GovUk “reaching out” to those still  opposed to #Brexit.  Maybe Boris not such a great choice to kick it off….  
"Fascism is coming; probably a slimy Anglicized form of Fascism, with cultured policemen instead of Nazi gorillas and the lion and the unicorn instead of the Swastika."George Orwell's words are all too fitting for our times.#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit  
To the young people of this country:It is your future, your choice. This is the time to make your voices heard.Take it from an old guy, Brexit must be stopped, but that's just me.#dontbrexit#StopBrexit 
Boris, who sold Brexit voters a pack of lies, claims thwarting his plan would be “disastrous”.The main thing it would be a disaster for is his career.#StopBrexitSaveBritain.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
EU united front DISINTEGRATES as Austria warns Brussels to cut spending after Brexit  
Brexit or Remain?Many believe Labour & Tories, and the nature of our democracy, under threat from the ideologically driven hard left and hard right; and the only counteraction is to vote tactically in all elections until balance restored.How would you vote now? Please Retweet 
‘Stop Brexit, eject Johnson from office, and install a government determined to promote trade, prosperity and security with our European partners – and not undermine them, as he is doing’  
“In private, many Polish politicians are expressing regret at the EU Commission not treating Britain with due consideration and respect.”- Daniel Kawczynski, MP, chair of all-party Parliamentary group on Poland#Brexit#EUIsABully 
£ drops in value due to #Brexit so lots of foreign buyers come in to buy commercial property. Leave voters were promised less foreigners in UK but Brexit is increasing their presence. Another Brexit irony @Labour4EU @EK_EuropeanMove 
Boris Johnson warns it would be intolerable and undemocratic for EU laws and regulations to be imposed on the UK after Brexit:  
It's my birthday on #ValentinesDay and there is no better gift I would like to receive than to see this petition reach 100k! If you are #StopBrexit #FBPE #PCPEU #WATON or just human, then surely you want an option to #Remain when MP's vote on #Brexit?  
Young people banging on about “we’re the ones who’ll have to live with it” seem to have forgotten that the pensioners whose Brexit votes they’re dismissing have also had to live with the EU their entire adult lives! Do they not matter because that time is behind them, not ahead?? 
If you renege on Brexit @theresa_may you will see the biggest insurrection since 1642. We'll kick you out as well as anyone who does not support British values. And you know what that means. BBC won't be privatised, it'll be vilified, prosecuted and crushed. It will happen. 
Very understandable why Royals are front page again.We're on the verge of Brexit lunacy, Ireland is treated as a deviant colony, Scotland is totally held in contempt by Westminster & there is no opposition. Almost everyone stands to lose out significantlySo let's talk Royals. 
If 17.4 million people don´t start behaving as if leaving brexit really does count then we are not going to leave. May is playing the tweaking game, each day moving us further away from brexit to see if there is a point at which all hell breaks loose. It seems that no one cares 
As many as a dozen EU countries are predicted to rebel against Michel Barnier's 'punishment' approach towards Brexit  
Of Jeremy Corbyn's 135 tweets so far this year only one has been about #Brexit. The greatest crisis Britain has faced since 1945 and the leader of the opposition is absent. #WeAreTheOppositionNow #WATON #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Jesus H Christ is there no depths you remainers won't stoop to, using kids like this to try and overturn a democratic vote is appalling. Get a grip and get behind your countries decision to leave! #Brexit  
I am now convinced that the establishment is trying to get out of brexit. I also believe they will try because they believe there will be no retaliation or problem. I also believe they are wrong about this and all hell will be let loose if they succeed. 
Tech Figures Warn: Anti-Brexit MPs Could Sabotage UK-U.S. Trade, Congressman Urges Clean British Break from EU  
To all the #FBPE people on my time line. See if you can find Brexit on the list of reasons why people voted LAB in the 2017 general election....I will wait....  
Tomorrow's front page ... Contest can be crucial to independence strategy - Exclusive major interview: Alex Salmond on the SNP depute race, Brexit, May, Corbyn and the ‘shameful and pathetic’ repealing of the Football Act pic.twitter.com/7qKhqWJFrl 
Like the Tories Corbyn wants to impose a hard Brexit on Scotland, which will lead to even greater austerity. Like the Tories his party support spending Billions of £££ on new weapons of mass destruction. Two cheeks......  
Brexit is the great project of our age and does not mean Britain being insular — it means being more GLOBAL  
Tasmina Ahmed-Sheikh on why Jeremy Corbyn can't escape Brexit 
Read and weep, this is what we've become thanks to Brexit. My DiL is Polish, she won't speak Polish in public anymore, when she does to my granddaughter it sounds so soft & lovely. She's a qualified English teacher and speaks perfect English, better than a lot of Brits.  
Rubbish! You know almost nothing about Scotland and are letting down all 4 UK Nations with your lack of backbone on Tory #BrexitWhat do you seriously think that will do to jobs? #BrexitDithering 
The truth is young people didn't overwhelmingly vote to remain. On referendum day they couldn't be arsed to vote then threw a collective  hissy fit about something they still don't understand #Brexit 
#skynews #bbcnews  whoops some more good news for brexit britain  
Excl: Boris Johnson issues thinly veiled ultimatum to Theresa May that to follow any EU rules after Brexit is “intolerable”;  
Yeah we shouldn't have hungry children in Scotland, but you fucking shackled us to an Austerity driven Tory gov that further wants to decimate the economy to a far right Little English Brexit  
Why can’t Remainers just accept ‘they lost’? This is why  #Brexit 
Here is Tracey, she voted leave but when she did she never considered that there would be no plan for brexit. However, 19 months on, it seems there still isn’t. She has #bregretRespect @Welshwisdom for speaking out on this, there are so many like you who are #RemainerNow  
Brilliant interview with @Femi_Sorry On @jeremycorbyn... "He should be my guy, but because of his stance on Brexit, I'm not there". The voice of a generation speaks. If the Labour Party doesn't campaign to #StopBrexit - we risk losing Femi and millions like him. 
"This is like going into a negotiation with absolutely no leverage and pretending you control everything" - we speak to @IAmJohnOliver about Brexit, a second referendum and Donald Trump  
What to do when @Telegraph attacks you? Start a crowdfunder and take the fight to the powers that be. By sharing and donating, you'll equip us with the tools to end this #BrexitShambles. Keep up the pressure. Keep up the fight. Brexit can be stopped. 
They will probably be angry when #Brexit doesn’t turn out to be what you promised them, too.  
Nigel Farage says 'people will be very angry' if 'The Establishment' derails #brexit. Well, folks, that leaves it to us ordinary guys - #WeAreRemain, #WATON, #OFAB, #FBPE, #BestForBritain, #ToriesAgainstBrexit #LibDems #Labour etc  to #stopbrexit once & for all. 
It isn't that Brexit = austerity it's that the officially predicted economic impact of Brexit will mean unemployment and a decline in govt revenue with an impact worse than the last 7 years of austerity.  
You are failing the people of the whole of the UK by supporting Brexit. By doing so you are actively working to close a world of opportunities for young people. Plus: Brexit will seriously harm the economy >> knock-on effects -- from further austerity to severe problems for NHS.  
90% voting for Brexit to be stopped in poll in this article. Let's keep that going :) #StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON 
As I sit here, at a company gathering with my European colleagues - Italian, Irish, German, Dutch, French and Spanish, I am at a total loss to explain to them the madness that is #Brexit. Nothing I say sounds remotely rational. That's because nothing about it is... #StopBrexit 
The #UK is to be free of Brussels on New Year’s Eve 2020 – three months early #Brexit 
“In London, many feel we have little signal of what future relationship the EU27 would like to have with a post-Brexit Britain.” What we do know is that Brussels wants to punish us & inflict serious damage on our economy. You must fight against this, if necessary like with like.  
"One of the key benefits of #Brexit is no longer applying the EU’s Common External Tariff, which exports poverty to the third world,"  
I honestly believe that the DUP would prefer direct rule from Westminster than let nationalists participate in a devolved government.I also believe their #brexit strategy is designed to put a hard border between NI and the Republic of Ireland. 
Nigel Farage - "If the establishment do stop #Brexit from happening, I think you will find a very large number of people in this country who will be angrier than you've ever seen."  
Roses are redViolets are blueFarage and Johnson are still lying to you#Brexit #stopbrexit #FBPE #BrexitImpact #BrexitValentines 
Astounding how many people are upset about Brexit and don't realise the simple things they can do. Like writing to Jeremy Corbyn - he needs to hear from more #Labour voters who don't want #Brexit. Here's the email address: leader@labour.org.uk.  
It doesn't really matter how many people still think Brexit is a good idea, or don't care. The truth is, if we leave it will negatively affect EVERYONE who doesn't have the money to protect themselves. There's no silver lining. No upside. It's a game changer. For the worse#FBPE 
Three things to do to help #StopBrexit:1. Support @BestForBritain’s #FightBrexitFund: 2. Sign the petition for a #Remain option: 3. Send Labour feedback on its Brexit policy: RT to spread the word. #FBPE 
What a little pipsqueak nation we'd be if at the end of all the frustrated Brexit talks Soubry, Umunna, Cable, the Milibands and others got their way and we stayed in the EU. The EU bullies would rule OK? And our standing would be diminished in the world. The party would be over.  
Well done .@Femi_Sorry - clear, passionate & informed. Please do more of this. #Brexit  
Welsh fishing sector likely to be gravely harmed after Brexit. The Welshing industry is dominated by shellfish catch and ~90% is exported to EU so market access is critical....stuff that in your Hoey and smoke it like a kipper. 
Every age group right up to the age of 45/50 voted Remain. Are they not grown up?Femi studied/worked in EU Law for years. People are learning new information about the EU/Brexit every day. Isn't that the main factor affecting people's opinions?  
All you have to do to give money to Our Future, Our Choice @OFOCBrexit, the anti-Brexit youth movement, is to follow them on Twitter. The easiest donation you'll ever make!  
He’s worse than Gove,Farage, Johnson etc.  At least they are open about their support for Brexit chaos.  Jeremy opts for the double agent approach to con young voters. 
Can we give up Brexit for Lent?  I"m in... 
Post-Brexit BritainLiam Fox wants Britain to get closer to a man who just ordered soldiers to shoot women in the vagina Via @TheCanaryGlobal 
This is my 3000th tweet. I thought I'd mark that with some inane sparkly GIF, but since most of my Twitter use has been in expressing my incredulity, sadness and anger at the folly that is brexit, I felt I should do something a little more meaningful... 
Well done @johnmcdonnell on moving towards a ratification referendumHowever,60% of electorate want another vote70% of Labour are Remain and 77% think the negotiations are going down the toiletMake it @uklabour policy now 
Young people had a chance to stop #Brexit on 23rd June 2016. You can’t shut the stable door after the horse has bolted!  
The late Lord Denning was one of the finest legal brains of the 20th century and was hugely sceptical of the flow of European law reaching Britain's shores.Brexit is our only opportunity to take back control of our laws. Accepting fresh EU laws during any transitional period  
1/ Here are my predicted highlights from the Brexit speeches to be given tomorrow. 
The latest #Brexit updates, from the most reliable source Sign up now:  
The SNP have done more for Scotland in a few years than Labour ever did. Now away and let the Tories have a hard Brexit and enable Trident you plastic socialist. 
I am learning to despise this man. The way I despised those arrogant British politicians who ventured northwards during the first referendum campaign to lecture us from scripts prepared by their lackeys in Scotland. #Referendum2018 
True, sadly. There is not "a single official in the high echelons of Whitehall — from the cabinet secretary down — who thinks Brexit is anything less than a catastrophe."  
'Brexit betrayal' will plunge UK into chaos says man who helped plunge UK into chaos Farage is a thug.#brexitshambles 
RT: Establishment Remain campaign threatens Brexit In Name Only.Please help show support for Brexit to #SaveBritainsFish by flying the flag. Get one here -> Show we won't capitulate to being a vassal state in a "transition" obeying EU laws AFTER we leave. 
London agency behind Patagonia, Nike and Converse ads to shut shop for Amsterdam because....Brexit  via @thedrum 
- [INSERT WILD CLAIM]- Any evidence to support that?- ANY EVIDENCE IT’S NOT TRUE?- Yes. Lots. Here.- [INSERT CONSPIRACY THEORY]Multiply this conversation daily by ten million and you’ll have a fair idea of where discourse is in the UK with #Brexit and the US with #Trump. 
The Establishment can’t stop Brexit, only the people can do that. If they decide to change their minds, who is Nigel Farage to be angry with them! Or is that the ‘will of the people’ only counts if it backs Farage and Brexit? #FinalSay #FBPE 
Britain's airlines are deeply worried about Brexit  
#FBPE Could you explain your claim that @UKLabour would lose huge numbers of votes unless they miraculously stopped brexit with results like this from 4 days ago in a constituency that voted 68.6% remain in 2016?  
I'm someone's wife and someone's mother, newly returned to work. I'm English and European, grew up near Hull. I fight Brexit because of the personal cost to ordinary people, to my friends, neighbours and colleagues. I want my country back.#WeAreRemain 
Remember that poll that Metro ran yesterday? The one asking if #Brexit should be stopped? 90% of people say it should.NINETY PER CENT.If you still haven't voted, It's at:#FBPE #WATON #StopBrexit #StopBrexit2018 #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Jon Oliver has returned to the UK for 5 minutes to lecture us all on how we need a second Brexit referendum.How about you piss off back to your New York metropolitan elitist bubble and stop trying to undermine democracy, you utter clown?@iamjohnoliver 
Interesting to hear Welsh fishers say Brexit fantastic opportunity to rejuvanate & diversify from just shellfish by regaining access to offshore fisheries.Too many areas hve been pushed to only shellfish as EU takes 60% resources in UK waters that are in EU or EU "flagship" hands  
Ehh Jeremy!!! The real fight has been going on for a while, of course when Tories said "Brexit", Jeremy you said "How High"    
With only 51.9% in favour of #Brexit, unless you believe 96% of those were definitely in favour of leaving both Customs Union & Single Market then morally & intellectually both should at the very least be on the table for discussion. 
I watch this and read the outline of Johnson’s speech and I hate Brexit all the more. BJ epitomises the selfish dishonesty that will limit us all.@Femi_Sorry makes me proud of our younger generation and all the more determined to fight for their future. 
We reckon the people deserve a #FinalSay on any Brexit deal inc an option to Remain. We are almost 2 years down the #RoadToBrexit & the democratic process allows for a change of mind now that some, not all, the facts are on the table. Did anybody vote to be poorer?#StopBrexit 
How much more evidence is needed of the damage Brexit will cause before the leadership of @Conservatives and @UKLabour abandon it and are honest with the British people? We seem to have entered into an ideological period of politics devoid of rationality. 
My thoughts on the UK Government’s #Brexit impact analysis, with focus on #Wales. Depressing. 
A list of actors that could topple May's Brexit.Boris JohnsonJacob Rees-MoggMurdochJeremy Corny#remain ToriesArlene FosterMerkelMacronVaradkarJunckerParliamentLordsNissan / ToyotaAny more? #FBPE 
This is PRO Leave Brexit video - my vagina literally clinched so hard in shame I might need an Idris Elba massage to bring me off a ledge - WHAT THE CLACKWANKER is this? And why? #nonodivorcebill #proleave pic.twitter.com/3pRNmXUpKB 
If Brexit does happen then everyone in the country, apart from a very few, are going to be angrier than you have ever seen. They will be disappointed that every expectation has failed to be delivered. I think the risk of that being the case increases with every week. #StopBrexit 
1/ EXCLUSIVE!*Turns out that as with Brexit itself, Boris Johnson wrote two drafts of his "liberal Brexit" speechHere's some excerpts from the version he *won't* give*parody 
Most fifteen-year forecasts are likely to be wildly wrong - it's difficult to believe some in the media are taking these latest Brexit forecasts seriously, says @johnredwood 
If the #8thRef is on on May 25th we are now 101 days away from the referendum. Are you referendum ready? #referendumready #repealthe8th 
A documentary highlighting the BBC’s pro-Union coverage of Scotland’s independence referendum has been nominated for two prestigious awards.  London Calling, directed by filmmaker Alan Knight, is in line for two Wincott awards.  
Question for #Brexit folk: Germany now has world's largest trading surplus, given that the EU is hindering Germany from "going global" like UK - Just how big a surplus wld Germany have once unshackled from the EU? 
There appear to have been close links between @UKLabour and @oxfamgb . Several MPs and party officials have also held senior posts in the charity. Wouldn't want to embarrass them, would we? 
Brexit update:@MichelBarnier - waitingPhase 1 agreement put into legal framework - waitingCabinet to decide on shape of Brexit - waitingNI border & GFA mechanics - waitingAnother day with absolutely no progress whatsoever. #FBPE #RoadToBrexit #FinalSay 
Brexit? What Brexit? Norwegian reveals bold flight plans for GatwickBeijing, Shanghai and Tokyo are on the listNew York may go 3xdailyDetroit, Philadelphia and Minneapolis could join the networkNot forgetting non-stop to Buenos Aires, starting tomorrow 
I have worked in the automotive supply chain and military equipment manufacture for a pan-global company for 21 years in locations all over the world.In my opinion #Brexit is absolute economic suicide for the UK. #WOPR #NobodyWins#WeAreRemain 
During the referendum campaign the SNP used GERS to justify to us why we would be £500 a head better off when independent. Now they tell us that GERS tells us nothing about what the economy would be like in an Independent Scotland. Did they lie then or now or both times?   
If I set up a campaign of young people who want the best possible Brexit, who’d be with me?  
Businesses and #Brexit realists like @philiphammonduk want to remain in the customs union.  This is for the good of the economy and a solution to the Irish border.  #Brexiters want out, threatening peace and economic catastrophe. 
On a platform brimful with nazis, racists, clerical-fascist flat-earthers, brexit maniacs and FSB botniks masquerading as all of the above, the @dwppressoffice manage to come up with the very worst tweet EVER 
'We need to wake up to who he is!' Farage SLAMS George Soros' attempt to STOP Brexit  
The way out is a second referendum and we all know very well that will put an end to this nightmare   
#OFOC co-founder @Femi_Sorry tells Sky News why Brexit has to be stopped and why YOU need to join the fight.[Part 2]  
#OFOC co-founder @Femi_Sorry tells Sky News why Brexit has to be stopped and why YOU need to join the fight.[Part 1]  
Important point from @CitySamuel in the Brexit trade debate - service-dominated nature of UK economy means we have very different trade priorities from EU and could apply leverage much more effectively ourselves to get deals better suited to our economy  
We want to enable a fair, truthful and respectful debate during the referendum on the 8th amendment, by bringing paid social media ads out into the open.  
"But the difficulties with May’s position go deeper than the fact that it will be very hard to negotiate her preferred outcome." says @jdportes on Theresa May's proposal to stop FoM rights for new arrivals of EU citizens post Brexit day.  
Tech Figures Warn: Anti-Brexit MPs Could Sabotage UK-U.S. Trade, Congressman Urges Clean British Break from EU  
Enough of the revisionism – at the referendum we did vote to Leave the EU’s Customs Union  
There's a lot of love for this man and his views on young people and #BrexitWhen Femi Oluwole went on the news to explain why there should be second Brexit referendum, he gained a lot of supporters. #StopBrexit #FBPE @Femi_Sorry 
Americans have Trump, no need to wreck your brain explaining Zumanomics to them. The British got Brexit to deal with nabo. Angela Merkel is another Mugabe that just won't leave. Tsipras is broke anyway. Russia & China know enough already. Only George Weah's worth explaining to   
Brexit is on its way to becoming a mystical entity and a sign that the UK has gone mad, says @Bonn1eGreer 
Not unlike the British diplomats having to explain Brexit or the Americans having to explain Trump, is it?   
Reasons not to have a referendum on the deal:DemocracyYou lost, get over itWill of the peopleWait another 40 yearsWe're leavingYou just want to rerun until you winBut never:Yes, bring it on. Leave will win againDoes that tell you anything? 
Leave won EU ref by 1,269,501 votes. John McDonnell says “we respect the referendum result.”In 2010, Tories beat Labour by 2,117,087 votes by promising austerity. Labour vow to ‘fight (the voters decision) using every means available.’Labours support for Brexit is political.  
Brexit = austerity is stupidest thing I’ve read.There were 6 years of spending cuts before Brexit, a decade of falling wages, 40 years of ever stronger neoliberalism. What planet are these people on? 
Plse share...& let’s ensure as many people as possible know about this. #NHS #FundOurNHS #PMQs #bbcqt #NHScrisis #Brexit  
Pro-EU campaign group launches its own 'Brexit battle bus' to tour the UK  
Somebody asked me today: will a new German government change its #Brexit policy? Nothing hints to such a policy shift! Expect us to follow our long-standing interest in the integrity of the single market and cohesion of the #EU. 
The real world where #Brexit will harm their job prospects and hit their wages more than any other single even since the early 80s. That real world.  
Another way of looking at the Remain side in the #EU Referendum debate:  
Liberalism: thinking councils can’t build social housing but they can stop Brexit.  
A warning to #Brexit politicians. Demographic change alone will produce a growing #Remain majority. That majority feels ignored by the present political elite, and will not look kindly on the politicians who have foisted Brexit on them. #StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON 
. @johnmcdonnellMP says a 2nd referendum would divide the country again. This is nonsense. The country is already bitterly divided. A general election would effectively be a choice between 2 Brexit parties. That is not democratic and would provoke huge anger. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Theresa May … another vacuous speech on the farcical road to BrexitTrying to decode her utterings is futile: she has nothing to report and isn’t an interesting enough speaker to bluff it 
That this is the level of strategic thinking explains a hell of a lot about the Brexit negotiations. 
Seems a bit vague to me, @LordCallanan Can you specify how much we trade with Lithuania? What will we be selling them after Brexit that we can’t sell them now? Could we have a bit more detail please?  
Or some sort of election after that vote where people could have voted for a party which wants to stop Brexit   
Today's #TanjasDaily is for @Femi_Sorry and @OFOCBrexit Femi has shown me that the UK I fell in love with still exists. His absolutely brilliant interview (link below) needs to be watched and discussed. Today. Tomorrow. And until we have stopped Brexit. 1/  
"We Need to Save Our Democracy from Political Bullies Before It's Too Late": @Andrew_Adonis explains why he's campaigning to stop Brexit and protect democratic process  
Having weighed up all of the options available, the PM and cabinet decided that the best way to get Remainers on board with Brexit is to get B Johnson to make a speech.Whatever you're views, that shows an alarming and worrying lack of judgement by our top decision-makers. 
Taking back control, Brexit style  
So @SkyNews had a segment with anti-Brexit Remoaner @Femi_Sorry earlier this morning where he flat-out provably lied.Had this been a Leave campaigner you can be damn-right that the lie would have been questioned.But hey... Remainer... @adamboultonSKY didn't pull him up on it! 
There's no such thing as a liberal Brexit  
Newydd fod yn darllen y ddogfen ar effaith Brexit. Just been to read the UK Govt #Brexit impact doc. (All very dramatic - phone taken off me so I couldnt photograph it etc) Not comfortable reading. Grim. Will post more later. 
20,000 jobs lost & €18bn slashed from British economy,  will hit north of Ireland hardest. Brexit is an economic train crash #specialstatus 
I'm in US where Trump has announced spending cuts that will damage most those 'left behind' who voted for him. The parallels between Trump and Brexit continue to be precise. The supporters of both are the main victims. 
Sick & tired of Remoaners whining that they know what’s best for us when they disregard the fact that we voted to leave the EU, if they think it’s such a marvellous place perhaps they should move to Brussels & let us get on with Brexit. 
Will all remain voters who are still complaining about the result please pack up their belongings and relocate to one (any) of the beautiful 27 countries within the EU and let us Brexit voters get on with it, I really don’t know why you’re still here. 
7- I will continue to fight for Brexit for young people. My generation are too set on reversing democracy, why not focus on creating opportunities from Brexit instead of constant complaining? 
I am a young person. I spent hours campaigning to leave. Here's why Brexit will be good for my generation.  
A 52-48 majority is simply not "overwhelming" - as Nigel Farage pointed out before the referendum.  
Boris Johnson's naked ambition blinds him to the dangers of Brexit | Martin Kettle  
You had a choice - it was called a referendum.  
There is not one "fishing industry", just ask Wales. My report on the implications of Brexit for Welsh fisheries launched today. Follow the discussion at #BrexitLandAndSea 
State of Brexit Feb 2018:Tories: The negotiation shambles is all Remainers fault for not believing totally in BrexitLabour: The Tory lead in the opinion polls is all Remainers fault for not believing totally in Jeremy Corbyn 
Four Catalan businesspeople called to testify to Spanish judge about printing (gasp!) material related to the Catalan Independence referendum of October 1, 2017.  #RogueSpain 
If @Femi_Sorry’s anti-#Brexit youth movement is in fact called Our Future Our Choice, that abbreviates to OFOC, which sounds a lot like how a lot of us feel about Brexit right now. 
This guy @Femi_Sorry speaks more sense than any front bench politician. Makes the case that those who voted for brexit won’t be around when the young have to deal with the consequences. #ABTV #FBPE brilliant! 
Lord Denning, one of the finest legal brains of the 20th century, was hugely sceptical of the flow of European law reaching Britain's shores.Brexit is our only opportunity to take back control of our laws. Accepting fresh EU laws during any transitional period is a non-starter!  
We warned repeatedly during the EU referendum campaign that Brexit would, quite literally, be a car crash. #StopBrexit 
The polling is so clear that an internal referendum would just be a waste of time. Time we don't have. Just get on with stopping #Brexit like the membership/supporters/voters want & because its for the good of the country, the right thing to do./1 
UK EXPORTS: West Midlands firms to increase exports beyond Europe. More than half of mid-market business leaders (58%) plan to increase investment in exports beyond the EU in response to Brexit.  pic.twitter.com/8iRaSLqw6m 
Perhaps the most important element in the attacks on Soros has not been properly noted in the media. Putin regards Soros as an arch-enemy because of his work building democracy in Eastern Europe, and antisemitism is one component of Putin's attack.#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit  
Today’s news from Scotland: royal visit, royal visit, royal visit, car crash, royal visit, royal visit, snow, royal visit, SNPBad, royal visit, Jeremy Corbyn says SNP are very bad, royal visit, royal visit, Brexit good - independence bad, royal visit.#Boak 
#Fisherman, #LenWalters on #fishing after #Brexit: "For years we've been stuck in an #EU with depressed prices. They dictate where we can sell. Brexit is a fantastic opportunity to move the #fishingbusinesses forward to regenerate our coastal communities. 
Good words from @AMCarwyn about how nobody voted to be out of a job. The impacts of a hard #Brexit on Wales are likely to be massive if the UK comes out of the customs union and the single market.  The people must be granted the chance to vote on the deal  
Growing trend of supposedly anti Brexit pro FBPE accounts suddenly outing themselves as moles who use carefully worded tweets to work against Remain. They share a few genuine Remain things to downplay suspicion but their own tweets use leading language. 
No matter the kind of Brexit, Wales loses out. Brexit is not inevitable if the public change their minds. #LeaveWatch 
Brexit:a) Vote anything other than LAB get hard Tory brexitb) LAB accepted democratic vote & would be castigated if they didn'tc) 70% of LAB constituencies are leaved) This is a Tory Brexit. Their referendum. They have HoC majoritye) Brexit deal must meet LABs 6 tests  
Nobody should be blaming Jeremy Corbyn, or even Theresa May really (she is a bad politician and even worse opportunist). Fault is entirely that of @David_Cameron - poorly worded referendum, cowboy attitude to it. Good he is out of UK politics 
4 things which are all true:1) Brexit was biggest vote in history of UK. We voted to leave2) We never voted to leave the single market, but most will accept we tacitly did3) There are some valid points to 'Lexit' argument4) Leaving Single Market will be economic car crash 
Labour. A request.Could you make yourselves electable for a couple of years.This whole scare the horses socialist thing is fun but it can be played with any time.But brexit is a one time deal. And even with the most incompetent tory Government in history you still can't win. 
I’ve seen the future and it’s this guy:#Brexit  
Brexit promises v Brexit reality  
 We're delighted to announce that we'll be hosting Brexit Cafés across Europe this year in Brussels, Paris & Berlin to make sure that young Europeans have a say on the future relationship between the UK and EU. Follow @APPG_Brexit to find out more about our work!   
By pledging to unilaterally cut tariffs on imports post #Brexit, Britain can send a chill down the EU spine - EU nations will have to compete with RoWorld to sell to us.And watch how the threats will disappear and they'll sit down to do a deal.1/#OpenBritain #GlobalBritain 
#NigelFarage: If the Establishment do stop #Brexit from happening... people in the country will be angrier than you've ever seen. I think the chances of that being the case get higher with every week.  #BBC #SKY #LBC @ConHome #UK @CCHQPress @Jacob_Rees_Mogg 
Gibraltar’s current status within the EU is solely due to the fact that it’s a European territory of a member state, the UK. #Brexit will take this status away. What is the gov’t planning to do to solve this?  
Wouldn’t it be great if @BBCr4today had this man on to put the young person's view of Brexit next time you flood the programme with grumpy old Brexiters?  
Corbynite rising star Laura Pidcock says she would oppose Brexit if Labour members backed pro-EU stance in internal referendum - excellent interview by @Anoosh_C.  
Nigeria has three choices ahead.1. Repeat 2007: vote in a bad second term.2. Repeat 2015: vote out the bad first term, vote in a replacement from the political class.3. Reject the political class and the political process they control. Start demanding a SNC referendum now. 
UK has 'huge misunderstanding' over post-Brexit customs: Senior MEP  
On a bus in Ireland right now. Radio is talking about €18bn hit to Ireland & thousands of jobs lost in a Brexit scenario. Mortifying. 
Exclusive: Brussels did some “math acrobatics” to keep official #Brexit bill low. Real amount around £100 billions acc to senior EU sources @welt 
Mhairi Black MP: Labour’s backing for a job-destroying Brexit deal is unforgivable  .  
Around the world, Irish diplomats are preparing for the challenges of Brexit Learn more about the steps we’ve taken:  
I know you're all talking about me not being a problem now and you're obsessed with me and customs and that, but I remember the Referendum. You people who wanted to Leave, all you talked about was immigration. Now you don't mention it. I'm not deaf. And I do remember things. 
To see the real impact of Brexit, we don’t need a secret dossier pulled  together in a basement at the centre of government: the opinions of the world’s experts on these topics paints that picture for us – and it’s not a pretty one.  
Overwhelmingly, the old voted for Brexit, but young, economically active people who have to make it work, voted remain.  That is almost like the old voting to send the young to fight a war.  Who can blame them if they want to desert?  
A Brexit exodus of talent from London has already begun, Monocle's Tyler Brule says  
PATHETIC: ‘Brexit transition’ to last until at least NYE 2020. That means no real change for years. Public voted to end open borders in 2016 - we want less talking and more action!       #fo2eu 
Leading #Brexit expert in @Europarl_EN @danutahuebner says British leaders think they can leave EU’s customs union but enjoy an arrangement that will produce similar benefits. They can't. 
Wouldn’t it be funny if all these politicians pushing for Brexit were just doing it to depress UK property prices so they could reap huge dividends buying it back up after the crash with their offshore money...........  
We’re talking Brexit transition, EU ‘nuclear bomb’ warning and escalating violence in London.  
If you want to know who @georgesoros is - read this piece by him.He has a far more lucid, bold grasp of our current Brexit predicament than do many timid MPs, party leaders & journalists.  
A great blog post by Peter Kellner, which explains a lot if you’re mystified about why the Conservative Party can’t, and perhaps never will, make up its mind over brexit.  
Brexiters’ progression from soft Norway to hard Canada to country-crush no-deal should have been predicted by anyone who’s followed politics for last 30 years. From rebate to Maastricht to euro to renegotiation to Brexit, no compromise will ever satisfy or appease them. Enough. 
This is appalling... while ppl lose their head & focus on Brexit,& while the FBPE try to undermine Corbyn, the Tories have free hands to do whatever they wants. The priority is to kick the Tories out, everything else is secondary. @LabourUnite 
AC Grayling: Government Plotting to Get Navy Ship Sunk to Distract From Brexit  
Hard Remain Twitter is wild for conspiracy weirdness. If anything this is Gavin Williamson being provocative to boost his leadership chances, not some 4D-Brexit-time-for-some-game-theory-chess.  
Household budgets have again been squeezed by weak wage growth failing to offset the Brexit-fuelled jump in the cost of living. The poor are getting poorer - and the outlook is bleak. The biggest improvement in living standards would be for the UK to #StopBrexit 
This is my personal Brexit tragedy: when my Italian parents (now in their early 70s) will be too frail to look after themselves, I will have to choose between living with them or my British family. Might not even be allowed back in UK if I choose the former. 
The UK is one of the least racist countries in Europe. I've been trying to explain this to people for years, despite a small number morons, Britain has made far more progress than many other parts of Europe & I don't buy into the argument that Brexit suddenly changes any of that.  
Simply brilliant!I'm a liberal & #Brexit is an anathema to me, however @iandunt has articulated it more effectively than I think I could.We need the liberals in all the parties and none to come together to secure an #ExitFromBrexit via @politics_co_uk 
WATCH | @Nigel_Farage: "If the Establishment do stop Brexit from happening... people in the country will be angrier than you've ever seen. I think the chances of that being the case get higher with every week."  
This is the reality of the immigration system Brexit seeks to expand. To call it liberal is an abomination  
So @BBCr4today how about allowing this young, articulate voice to educate Humphrys on Brexit?   
"If the establishment do stop Brexit from happening...people in the country will be angrier than you've ever seen."　Former UKIP leader @Nigel_Farage says the Commons vote on the Brexit deal could plunge Britain into a "constitutional crisis".  
.@uklabour have a key role to play in #Brexit negotiations. They have the power in determining whether a parliamentary majority can be created for staying in the customs union, triggering an embarrassing gvt. defeat, solving the Irish border problem and protecting the economy. 
Femi is a great member of the Remain Twittersphere and his astute and deeply intelligent comments on Brexit always hit the mark. Hence he's ignored by @BBCNews whilst clowns like Rees-Smug, Redwood and Digby-Jones are trotted out daily. 
As Remainer rags promote the Japanese ambassador's warning of international companies closing their UK HQs after Brexit, Japan's second largest bank Sumitomo puts pen to paper on a new 20-year lease for its London HQ.Reality > #ProjectFear  
Excellent thread (by a Leaver) on Leavers, the Single Market, and the claptrap surrounding the 'purity' of Brexit. Disclaimer: I'm not endorsing soft Brexit over remain BTW, and don't think EFTA without CU solves the border issue. It's just an excellent and perceptive thread.  
Spot on that Remoron! BREXIT MAKES YOU FAT - of course it does. (One minute we are all eating from food banks and wasting away because of Brexit, the next we are all going to be hippos because of Brexit! 
This thread on the Home Office’s apparently arbitrary decisions to refuse visas for visiting academics is infuriating. Has been happening for some time (e.g. @ASAUK_News conference) but seems to be getting worse post-Brexit.  
Well done Hammersmith & Fulham, but it makes no difference so long as your leadership ignores you. It's not only the government who's pushing Brexit forward, but Labour too.That's why we have to send them BOTH a message on May 3rd.#ABTV 
Andrea Leadsom has blocked me for these tweets in response to her tweet about having received a threatening tweet allegedly from a Remainer. If anyone wants to remind her of my tweets.... :)#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit  
Global Britain is Brexit’s founding myth and unending con. The EU has not stopped us trading with China any more than it stopped us invading Iraq.Me in @TheNewEuropean 
This guy is brilliant- speaks on behalf of the people who are going to have to live with consequences of Brexit: young people who mostly wanted to REMAIN  
Brilliant from @OFOCBrexit @Femi_Sorry Telling it like it is on Brexit  
I think I've found the perfect place to publish my diary about how pissed off I am about Brexit.  
.@mk1969 have you seen @Femi_Sorry interviews re the students' campaign to stop Brexit. Give that man a column! Young, gifted and black and speaks fluent human!!! 
This is a game changer from @Femi_Sorry Brilliant interview, nailing why young people must get involved and why a new referendum is needed  
Take part in our poll about UK government defence contracts going to EU shipyards and defence industry after Brexit:  
Brexit voters weren’t ‘brainwashed’ – they wanted a better Britain. Now it’s clear they won’t get it, we need a vote on the final deal. Article by @ChukaUmunna#StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE #WATON 
British protestors came out in force against a trade deal between Europe and America. Brexit could lead to more ire  
Brexit: Here is where the Leave Alliance (yes the Leave Alliance) says No Deal with the EU would be "an unmitigated disaster," the UK "could not survive as a trading nation," and 7-8m jobs are at stake  
WATCH: Commercial fisherman, Len Walters on fishing after Brexit: "For years we've been stuck in an EU market with depressed prices. They dictate where we can sell. [Brexit] is a fantastic opportunity to move the fishing businesses forward, to regenerate our coastal communities."  
This man knows more about the EU legal structures than anyone and I entirely agree with him that even with all the good will it isn't possible for UK to enjoy all EU JHA instruments & databases outside of EU & ECJ as my Brexit Security Dimension paper pointed out a year ago.  
If you do nothing else @BBCNews @BBCr4today @SkyNews @Channel4News 1. Please invite Prof Dougan for an elongated interviews..he'll cut through the #Brexit BS & give you the Legal take.More EXPERTS fewer PARTY PROPAGANDISTS & MEDIA BUDDIES! 
“Despite the mounting evidence that Brexit will stunt economic growth, impede business transactions and damage tax revenues, there is an unsettling and deeply frustrating ambiguity at the top of my party”, writes @ChrisLeslieMP today. 
Boris Johnson to deliver a major speech on #Brexit tomorrow.So - let me guess the content !* EU a *super state* & denudes national sovereignty* UK needs less regulation* A swipe at JCTo SUMMARISEHe'll drive a coach & horses through Cabinet collective responsibility. 
“I’m not opposed to aid,” one of the key benefits of Brexit is no longer applying the EU’s Common External Tariff, which “exports poverty to the third world,” says @isaby 
"Our future, our choice" - a campaign has been set up for young people who believe Brexit should be stopped  
#Brexit Can we stop having guardian journalists  on TV & Radio morning noon & night FFS. Owen Jones, Polly Toynbee, Zoe Williams, Paul Mason and other bores. Everyone says same bloody thing always.I hate Brexit & Donald Trump. Only newspaper has more journalists than readers.   
TODAY’S LIVESTREAM @ 13:00:- Brexit transition til 2021, you mad?- More knife violence in London.- EU warning of migrant ghetto ‘nuclear bomb’.See ya then!  
We are fighting to #StopBrexit !UK govt has chosen not to exercise the right of all EU member states to register EU citizens. In Spain we are obliged to do this at town hall & for ID number and for residency. This 'control' is being peddled as a Brexit benefit.#citizensrights 
I'm a working class lad done good, and I oppose Brexit because it's effects will hit the poor hardest. I'm so lucky. I'm paid well. But I never forget where I'm from, and I will never stop battling to save that community from even worse poverty #WeAreRemain 
More than two thirds of the 2,500 companies surveyed in the UK, France, Germany and Spain predicted an increase in turnover after Brexit  
The government's vision of Brexit centres around reducing/restricting immigration - & that's the opposite of "liberal". @IanDunt explains the fundamental contradiction: 
Our research reveals the EU’s draft transition treaty will prevent UK from preparing for Brexit by binding us to the principle ‘sincere cooperation’ - meaning any serious attempt to negotiate free trade deals will result in sanctions  
Irexit would be the end of Irish nationalism  Fintan nails fallacies of Brexit thinking re Ireland (Nice stat: in 1960 75% of Irish exports went to the UK. Now? 18% Irish service exports and 14% of Irish goods exports are to the UK.) 
Exactly. Johnson isn’t ‘reaching out’ with compromise and diplomacy. He’s just insisting on his version of Brexit, claiming it’s liberal and telling us to agree. I’m so far from being persuaded it’s laughable. 
Important news picked up by @Jefferson_MFG .  4 days earlier the anti-#Brexit BBC showed Japanese ambassador in @Number10gov saying opposite.  Shows it's not only UK's mandarins who are anti-Brexit & pro-EU. #GBmfg 
No, we are not on the same side. Labour backs Brexit.  
This is a characteristically brilliant debunking of Johnson’s laughable “liberal Brexit” nonsense by @IanDunt . But these paragraphs in particular are so magnificently, justifiably angry I could stand and applaud. 
Exports of British goods and services around the world rose by 11.3% in the first full year since the EU referendum, according to new figures by @ONS... 
No matter the kind of Brexit, the North East of England loses out. Brexit is not inevitable if the public change their minds. #LeaveWatch 
I will never forgive or forget what @Conservatives and @UKLabour have done to this nation in supporting a Brexit policy on such a small majority referendum. They are destroying our future and our children’s future in a secure society. 
Yesterday a German WW2 bomb shuts City Airport, today another shuts the Dartford Crossing.I guess the Germans are upping the ante on these Brexit negotiations. 
Ignore Johnson's bullshit: There's nothing liberal about Brexit and any liberal worth their salt would fight against it  
"Usefully, Brexit has reminded us of that stratum of English political  life in which it is still perfectly okay – indeed compulsory – to treat  Ireland with an arrogance undiminished by absolute ignorance." @fotoole in fine form on #Brexit.  
The SNP can try blaming Brexit, Westminster or whatever else, but the simple fact is the poor state of our roads is down to the SNP’s decision to cut council budgets to the bone. 
Brexit is the single most catastrophic issue facing Scots today. Since we have been completely shut out of any discussion on a UK level, an independence referendum is the ONLY way Scots can have ANY say over our future relationship with the EU. That's why SNP are pursuing it. 
We've smashed the £120k mark! There's a reason the @Telegraph went after us: we're a huge threat to their Brexit wish. Keep up the pressure; keep up the fight. Brexit can be stopped. #StopBrexit #FBPE #TheFightIsOn 
Rabid nationalism, xenophobia, scapegoating of minorities, anti-intellectualism, plots, saboteurs, the will of the people & enemies within. Core themes of populist dictatorship peddled by the Tory Right & the tax-dodging #Brexit billionaire press.Defend Democracy! #StopBrexit 
The spanish mayor welcomed a theatre full of angry/sad/confused brits with a speech about the 84 nationalities living here which enriched the culture. The british consulate could give no more real assurance than when she spoke to us over a year ago. #Brexit 
Why Brexit won’t derail the Northern Ireland peace process  via @BrexitCentral 
'Brexit voters weren’t ‘brainwashed’ – they wanted a better Britain. Now it’s clear they won’t get it, we need a vote on the final deal' | @ChukaUmunna 
“Fintan O'Toole: Irexit would be the end of Irish nationalism:Brexit has reminded us of that stratum of English political life in which it is still perfectly okay – indeed compulsory – to treat Ireland with an arrogance undiminished by absolute ignorance”  
DELIVERING BREXIT IS SIMPLE -BECAUSE EU MEMBERSHIP IS ILLEGALAll Theresa May has to do is declare the 6 Treaties null & void under the English constitution.The 1688 Bill of Rights requires that NO sovereignty can be surrendered to a foreign power except in case of defeat in war 
No love. Brexit is the result of a vote. Your mindless, slavering devotion to a corrupt, undemocratic creeping superstate displays cult like behaviour. I don’t expect you to see that though, that’s how cults work.  
100s of Germany-based Brits to discuss their Brexit fate at UK embassy in Berlin tonight. First time a @DExEUgov rep has spoken to those affected! Props to @BritishInEurope for their resolute campaigning. 
I have no sympathy for any Labour member who clings onto trickle down economics to oppose Brexit. The benefit of corporations does not equate to the benefit of workers. 
Australia tells UK to open tariff-free trade to the world after #Brexit What's not to like snowflakes! 
useful reminder that Patrick Minford's fringe group Economists for Brexit thought an Out vote would have minimal impact on sterling  
Should the UK ditch EU defence procurement rules after Brexit or keep them in a UK-EU defence relationship?The rules increasingly prevent UK Govt giving defence contracts to British shipyards and industry, favouring cheapest supplier EU-wide instead. 
The growing irrelevance of BBC News: nothing about the growing anti-Brexit momentum; but an item headlined ‘Harry and Meghan to visit Edinburgh.’ - ! 
Today's Editorial in @guardian, apparently billionaires trying to push their personal political agenda in countries where they have no vote is "to be welcomed" (provided they want to stay in the EU). #Brexit #Soros 
If Brexit proceeds as proposed, the Nissan, Toyota and Honda car plants in the UK (amongst others) cannot survive. If you voted Leave, did you know this? If not, now that you do, would you like to reconsider your vote? 
1/ Many prominent Leavers are now advocating a Hard Brexit. As recent discoveries of old tweets have emerged, many of them used to be happy with soft Brexit alternatives. Some leavers maintained *any* Brexit was Brexit. 
If you haven’t already it’s definitely worth familiarising yourself with the climate science denying MPs who are lobbying for a hard Brexit  
Boris Johnson to reach out to Remainers with liberal vision of life after Brexit as he warns that EU endgame is political unity, not free trade  
'Tragic' is how @georgesoros now describes the vote for Brexit. He's a rich man who does not wish to be an even richer man. That is what makes him different from the rich men who bankroll Brexit.  
Such a great article. This country has to pull itself together & step back from the brink. Dunkirk was an honourable retreat; politicians now must find a way to retreat from the Brexit abyss  
Out of 2,500 companies, half are considering post Brexit future and 3/4 will make irreversible changes by June 2018.This is the bit where the jobs go...  
This is not ‘Project Fear’, this is not ‘scaremongering’, this is the government’s own figures showing that the UK will be catastrophically worse off in every situation after #Brexit.  We must give the public a vote on the final deal #ExitFromBrexit 
I am so shocked by the #BBC I still believe it is one of the jewels of the UK crown but it is tarnished. Lord Kerr told us there was a policy decision at the top to only report #Brexit as a done deal. Dreadful decision that compromises its supposed impartiality. 
Brexit Politicians: Remainers lost because they ignored the legitimate concerns of leave voters.Remainers: Ok, can we discuss our legitimate concern that you’re making a pig’s ear of the negotiations and can’t even decide what you want?BPs: Traitors 
Think Corbyn assumes Brexit isn't a big deal for folk in Scotland and that we will just go with a hard Brexit to merely vote for himUnfortunately it is a massive deal up here and rightly so. Scots shouldn't be expected to follow England off the cliff just for the sake of Corbyn 
Maybe Corbyn should first have a think about his timid approach to stopping a hard Brexit, his timid approach stopping Tories failed austerity policy, his timid approach at stopping WMD from being renewed, his timid approach to holding this disastrous UK Gov to account at all..  
Brexit transition period set to end three months early in December 2020 | Boris to warn that EU endgame is political unity not free trade | May and Varadkar plan frictionless Irish border | Australian High Commissioner urges UK to back free trade  
MUST-READ: @ChukaUmunna's column - Brexit voters weren’t ‘brainwashed’ – they wanted a better Britain. Now it’s clear they won’t get it, we need a vote on the final deal  
Scottish Labour shadow minister for brexit is Neil Findlay. Imagine him negotiating with the EU? Doesn't bear thinking about. It would be like putting Annie Wells in charge of NASA. 
Brexit won’t derail the Northern Ireland peace process - but that hasn't stopped some players in the debate using it as a smokescreen to hide their own selfish ulterior motives, says @alexredpath1989 
“Brexit is the liberal option” says man who stoked fears of mass immigration and promised a bonfire of protections for workers, consumers and the environment.  
The Gov't is willing to destroy the UK, not because it is bound to, by *the will of the people*, but because it is too cowardly to 'fess up & admit it promised to implement the *decision* cos it thought Remain would win - that the people weren't stupid enough to vote for Brexit. 
Thank you @ChukaUmunna for addressing *68* @_Britain4Europe and @euromove group chairs yesterday. The pro-EU grassroots force is growing and galvanised! #FinalSay #Brexit #FBPE 
MUST-READ: @junesarpong is absolutely right - Let’s put our differences aside and show that Brexit is not inevitable (£)  
Join me in supporting the Tell Labour what you think on Brexit Campaign  
#Brexit is simple. If you would rather be a slave than risk failure, you're welcome. Go live in the #EU. But the British do not sell their sovereignty, and have always preferred their chances on the open sea. HMS Brexit will be glorious, it’s the only way to live.  
Plausible until the guard of honour bit when it all goes a bit ‘Keith’s blind Mum voting for Brexit’.  
BREXIT 2016: The streets will be paved with gold.BREXIT 2017: It won't be as bad as they warned.BREXIT 2018: We got through two World Wars. We can do this.BREXIT 2020: It would have been great if Remoaners had helped.BREXIT 2030: This rat tastes funny. Pass the mint jelly. 
PATHETIC: ‘Brexit transition’ to last until at least NYE 2020. That means no real change for years. Public voted to end open borders in 2016 - we want less talking and more action!  
Shouldn't the LSK hold a referendum amongst lawyers whether to disolve itself to create opportunity for the young Generation of Lawyers to input on how they want to be Giverned?When current LSK act came into effect 1992 Kenya law and lawyers were like the British very primitive. 
Apparently, Turnbull really is the depository of all wisdom.  He knows better than all the thousands of indigenous Australians who fed into the Uluru Statement, as well as the Referendum Council he appointed.  
Why is there no obvious Brexit related urgency to hooking Rosslare up to the rest of the country with motorways, or a second line of railroad?  
#Boris insists that UK can take advantage of the referendum vote for economic gain BUT ONLY if it is ready to diverge on regulations.  Proof we will dumb down & flog/buy cheap, nasty stuff & lose rights. @TheGreenParty @W_A_T_O_N #RoadToBrexit #FBPE 
This is an interesting piece from Massie, and reflects what we've said since the day after the Brexit vote.  
Brexit was a tragic mistake. That's why I support Best for Britain.  
Theresa May … another vacuous speech on the farcical road to Brexit  
Friends! Too late!And according to a Lib Dem MP that no-one - not even her constituents - has heard of, literally everyone in Britain secretly wants Brexit to stop!Apart, of course, from a tiny handful of 17,410,742 bigots who were taken in by the LIES on the side of a bus.  
I agree with every word. But can never vote for a Brexiter. How insane that Corbyn & his front bench can’t see this is undeliverable in a Brexit-wrecked economy? Or is his game to buy the energy, water etc industries at 3rd world prices,  because that’s what we’ll be - ?  
First the robots were jumping. Now they're opening doors. And we're spending our time worrying about Brexit... 
For those who still think a referendum on #MarriageEquality would be a good idea, here’s what the Australian Senate committee looking at the #PostalSurvey has just found & recommended: that questions of #humanrights for minority groups should not be resolved by a public vote. 
.An Irish analysis of the realities of Brexit...."All the indications to date are that the British government is STILL suffering from the delusion it can have its cake & eat it.. 
Boris is to tell Remainers that it's to be hard Brexit. He'll try and make it sound like it's something else and he wants Remainers to support it. I think we know what he can go and do.  
I don't want any brexiter hurt, or threatened with death threats.I  will wait for brexit to be stopped, and afterwards will take pleasure  from the criminal trials following correct due process that will jail many of them, and ruin the political futures of the others.#FBPE 
I have family that works for a European company that probably won’t be able to operate here after Brexit; I want my children and their peers to be able to live and work in a viable economy; I have EU friends long settled here; I am European. #WeareRemain 
The 'best we can do' is to scrap Brexit & for Boris to go back to journalism where he can't damage the country (much) further  
Brexit alarm bells are ringing for British industryalarm bells ringing loudest is that research intensive sectors such as aerospace, pharmaceuticals and automotive will be among the hardest hit.  #StopBrexitSaveBritain #FBPE #stopBrexit 
That's too simplistic. I voted Labour (in Rees Mogg's constituency) for three reasons; 1. Candidate wasn't Rees Mogg, 2. He had made the right noises about the EU. 3. LibDems had no chance of winning. In no way was my vote pro-Brexit. Saying 8% against Brexit incorrect. 
'It's INCREDIBLY patronising!' MP destroys claims Brits did not know what Brexit meant  
Before the District Court in Amsterdam we argued UK citizens were entitled to keep their EU citizenship rights after Brexit. The Dutch court referred that decision to the European Court.  
Another scare story from Boris Johnson. What’s becoming clear is the real Brexiteer agenda - ending ‘regulation’ such as protection at work, paid holidays, maternity leave etc @Labour4EU @London4Europe @EuroLabour #Brexit  
Investigation after Brexit MPs receive death threats. Momentum thugs at it again? 
Brexit alarm bells are ringing for British industry  
I’m not happy with any Brexit because it’s all been done wrongly. If Brexit had legitimate mandate then I could accept it, but it’s being forced upon us. Total disregard for the law and fairness, irrespective of the dodgy funding and Russian interference. #A50Challenge 
In a few days Boris Johnson will deliver a speech to try to fool Remainers into backing #Brexit by demonising the EU.#Brexiteers have had nearly two years to show us that Brexit will be good for us but they have failed.#SnakeOil #BuyerBeware 
Great thread on the “Not So British Brexit Backers”.This is one of the times Twitter needs more characters.  This needs to go on an infographic / meme ASAP! #FBPE#WATON#StopBrexit#NotVeryPatriotic 
Theresa May … another vacuous speech on the farcical road to #BrexitTrying to decode the PM’s utterings is futile: she has nothing to report and isn’t an interesting enough speaker to bluff it#FBPE #StopBrexit 
1. Remain groups project the cost.2. @DanielJHannan and the Leave campaign dismiss as "Project Fear."3. Tory press run "Project Fear" headlines.4. Cost projections disregarded.5. All Brexit economic arguments collapse.6. @DanielJHannan says it was never about costs. 
BREXITWe have NOTHING to fear from free trade & competition. Australia has had 26 straight years of economic growth since they recognised that barriers to trade are also barriers to growth. Free trade would be good for Britain, Europe & the rest of the world.  
Energy price cap for low income customers needed next winter but government won’t promise it will be in place, (probably because so much parliamentary time is being taken up with Brexit). And anyway it will be scrapped soon after. Urgent problems get more talk than action.  
"Farage warns there might be a sort of Brexit chaos he can't profit from." 
Since 2016 I've been tweeting that Brexit, for its dishonest architects, is really all about deregulation of financial sector, environment, consumer, data and employment protections and increasing scope for corp and personal tax avoidance. Now, here it is: 
Most of the #Remain vote in 2016 came from @UKLabour supporters. Yet the party is avoiding discussing #Brexit. The party is supposed to be democratic & policy should be determined by its members, MPs & affiliates. Demand Labour debates Brexit by emailing policyforum@labour.org.uk  
So if, like Dyson, you manufacture abroad and say Brexit is good, you're a business genius.But if you're a small business based in the UK, and you think Brexit is hurting you, you're incompetent.That's Kippernomics by Mogg.#FBPE 
It takes time, effort, dedication and passion to get up everyday and fight against this Brexit madness. And it takes courage to do it on the streets, alone.But the alternative is to not be there, which would let Leavers think they've won.You represent all of us.I admire you.  
RUSSIA WAS THE MOST INFLUENTIAL CAMPAIGNER DURING BREXIT VOTE:New research confirms Russian influence during Brexit ballot dwarfed official British campaigns, pushing pro-Leave disinformation and fake news to millions of voters.Me via @Byline_Media 
Brexit has, and continues to diminish the UK's standing in the world, its ability to respond to issues and crises internationally, and its ability to look after its interests in international fora. 12/ 
Nobody voted for Brexit on the understanding that they would be poorer as a result. On the contrary they were told that the choice was between plodding on moribundly and much greater prosperity. Not an informed choice, and not the fault of those who were forced to make it 10/ 
Indeed he did, but he also said that this must be an informed choice, and we now know beyond doubt that the Brexit vote, while large in participation, was low in reliable information. 8/ 
In short, more people's lives will go more badly than they would have done if Brexit goes ahead. 6/ 
And in qualitative terms too, the utilitarian equation balances to the harm side. Individuals lose rights as a result of Brexit, and will have fewer choices open to them, both of which are a reduction in qualitative utility. 5/ 
The EU has not brought peace you delusional idiot.  It was bought by the bravery, blood, sweat and tears of the Allies and then by NATO.  #Brexit  
Ah yes ... yet another reason for #Brexit reveals itself... and its about greed, avoiding tax and personal gain 
If you’re black and still calling people ‘blick’ you may as well have voted for brexit. 
Bermuda becomes the first jurisdiction in the world to repeal same-sex marriage. The act passed Bermuda's House and Senate by wide margins in December after a referendum found nearly 69 percent of Bermudians oppose gay marriage.  
As Britain Stumbles Over ‘Brexit,’ Support Grows for 2nd Vote  
I wont vote Labour even though I support Labour because they haven't stopped brexit because they can't outvote the Tories and we wlll be out of the EU by the next GE anyway ..so thereSee how bloody stupid that looks.#ToriesOut #votelabour 
Clegg said MPs have every right to vote down the government’s legislation as it was clear that none of the promises made by Brexit campaigners would be realized.  
As @BestForBritain continues its campaign to reverse Brexit, here is a timely reminder from @nfergus about why Brexit was – and still is – a very good idea.  
Result of Turkey not only opposing PYD autonomy in N Syria, but also independence referendum in Iraqi Kurdistan.  
If you’re wondering what’s wrong with Labour it’s when the third party in Scotland seem incapable of disciplining supporters of the leader when they make racist and homophobic remarks and at the same time have not got a clue about their position on Brexit two years after the vote  
To the ordinary decent @UKLabour MPs, Members of the House of Lords & party members, be like Michael @mcashmanCBE, do what is in the long term interests of our country, push, cajole & criticise the Labour leadership until they offer a different option on Brexit & the EU.  
Labour’s National Policy Forum is meeting this weekend.You can tell Labour what you think of Brexit here.Tell them you don’t want Brexit, hard Brexit, soft Brexit or any Brexit.Let them know that you want to #StopBrexit and #Remain in the EU. #FBPE. 
Dear Arlene Foster,If the DUP becomes the party that destroyed the Good Friday Agreement, the DUP is finished.(Brexiters won't tolerate open borders with the EU. Passport checks would mean bye bye GFA.)Supporting the Tories & Brexit is very short-sighted.@DUPonline @DUPleader 
Brexit, Scottish independence, loss aversion, and the attractions of embracing risk. Tomorrow's @thetimes column tonight: 
List of UK institutions, rights and protections Brexiters WON'T sell off to the US in a post #Brexit trade deal.........................................................................#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
It’s late, I think I might have had a bad dream. But all I have to do is click my ruby slippers and say ‘there’s no place like home’. Home is my open, tolerant country at the heart of Europe.Enough of this Brexit Brick Road The #RoadToBrexit is not somewhere over the rainbow 
“If I were given a chance to vote on Brexit again, I would vote for Remain this time.”More and more people changing their minds as the reality of Brexiter lies and broken promises becomes clear. Time to #StopBrexit and #Remain in the EU. #FBPE. 
The pound is weak, interest rates are to rise, inflation is high, which means we're discouraged from borrowing, therefore made to spend less. Job losses. All of this made by the UK Gov and their shambolic mess of Brexit. "You can't have the pound" Good, Keep it! #scotref 
Twitter is where I go to hear and make jokes, where I bond with people over shared experiences and memes, where I mock Brexiters, where I can ask any obscure question and someone will give me an answer, a place where we fight Brexit together. I love Twitter and I love you guys. 
NEW YEAR'S LEAVE 2020 Britain to be free of Brussels on New Year’s Eve 2020 – three months early UK Brexit crunch team are to agree to a shorter exit transition period than the original two years asked for by @theresa_may 
“How Britain Will Divide & Rule” - UK plan for next phase of Brexit talks exclusively revealed in The Sun. [Psst- some of the foreigners can read English! Now they know what the plan is...] #BrexitShambles #twats pic.twitter.com/SUwRoasyt6 
Looking forward to Brexit pancakes tomorrow. Rather than going to the supermarket I'm going to travel around the world and source the milk, flour, butter, caster sugar and eggs from individual suppliers, cows and sugar manufacturers... on WTO rules.... #pancakeday2018 
Presume the extremism they are referring to is cartoon ads in papers encouraging violent attacks on Leave supporters, death threat letters to pensioners/MPs who supported Brexit and a violent mob breaking into an event featuring Jacob Rees-Mogg..?I know... That was Remainers...  
I’m an actor and single Mum and I’m against Brexit because division and nationalism lead to war, as history shows. #WeAreRemain 
Papers @SkyNews 11.30 with @annabotting @ElizaFilby on Brexit. We are leaving 3 months earlier than expected. 
Will also have a piece this week on why the SNP need to support a second Brexit referendum. Our job is to secure what Scotland voted for and to thwart their Tory hard Brexit as much as possible. 
Siri, show me a metaphor for Brexit  
Bloody EU, talking and listening to each other, and properly preparing for Brexit. What’s wrong with just blagging it, like @DavidDavisMP? 
As per, both Labour and Tories have no policies in Scotland but to stand on a platform of hating the SNP and dragging Scotland against its wishes into a hard Brexit that'll devastate industry, jobs, the NHS and our children's future.They offer nothing but platitudes and slogans  
Most Brits are quietly wishing someone would 'just make Brexit stop', says Lib Dem MP.‘Most of the population’ now wishes Brexit could be halted, says @LaylaMoran MP. And it can.It’s time to #StopBrexit and #Remain in the EU. #FBPE. 
Brexit’s rich backers expecting a return on their investment can’t see why a rich man like @georgesoros opposes it just because it’s right. 
Not really true. The indy vote in 2014 was mostly (if not all) from the left. Which is why the debate needs to move to the centre to win next time. You may not like that but it's true. Also, Brexit is what will win indyref2. Make no mistake of that fact.  
Brexit voters weren’t ‘brainwashed’ – they wanted a better Britain. Now it’s clear they won’t get it  Public got us into this mess & public needs to get us out of it. 
It's 2018 and the Scottish Tories still only have one policy: "NO SURRENDER TO A SECOND REFERENDUM!"  
Brought to us by  @MollyMEP An indispensable list of the money-men and the orchestrators who have foisted #Brexit on Britain.#StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON 
Police probe after four MPs receive Brexit death threat letters  
It’s clear Brexit won’t deliver what was promised. More money for the NHS? No effect on Northern Ireland? Quickly negotiated trade deals? None of these are set to happen.We need an option to #StopBrexit and #Remain in the EU. #FBPE.  
More evidence that ministers see Brexit as a chance to worsen our rights at work  
Tories in Scottish Parliament, ad nauseum, deny Brexit is hurting economic growth in Scotland as they construct an alternative #SNPBad narrative that ignores impact of UK Govt decisions. This  from  Sunday Times demonstrates Brexit already damaging investment across whole of UK  
First game back and an assist! Well played Alvaro, keep shutting up those brexit Chelsea fans!  
Our hearts are scarred because we are patriots, and because we believe that the referendum is being used by a small group to bring about an outcome which is utterly damaging to our country,  15/18 
Our hearts are scarred because those who support Brexit have made every attempt to destroy the mechanisms that make our system of government great. You have repeatedly attempted to circumvent and neuter the sovereignty of Parliament  13/18 
Our hearts are scarred because you and your free marketeer cohorts managed to translate the result of an advisory referendum into a purported demand from the People for far more than they ever voted for: not just to leave the EU, but the Single Market and the Customs Union, 8/18 
So Mundell the coward has run away to Japan, away from public scrutiny of his lies to Scotland on Brexit economic catastrophe, lies on a powers bonanza, lies on impact assessments & with no mandate to speak for Scotland to anybody. #mundellmustgo 
Now this is interesting. Leavers like Hannan now admitting costs of #brexit.  So after denying for 18 months that brexit costs were Project Fear, they are now trying to switch to "voters weighed the costs". It's utterly dishonest but interesting nonetheless as reality irrefutable  
"He has supported drug legalisation, equal marriage, and the rights of the Roma people. All this has been done quite openly and above board. All have required a change of public attitude as well as of legislation [as with] his efforts on Brexit." 
‘I want us to remain in the EU to reform the way in which our economy works, to ensure Britain can help shape the global forces buffeting people & secure the best future for future generations. We need change but not the kind Brexit will bring’ @ChukaUmunna 
Once Britain ceases to be a gateway to the EU, it will need other ways of attracting business, and that means low taxes, low regulations, low workplace rights & low welfare.That's why the Tory Right crave a hard #Brexit#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Wetherspoon is a down-market chain. If people became wealthier they'd desert it for something more up-market. So Wetherspoon owner Tim Martin's business model actually depends on keeping lots of people poor. No wonder he's calling for a no-deal #Brexit!#StopBrexit #FBPE 
It's never been about leaving the EU for our money, our borders or our laws, because we've always had control of these things. It's about what lays beyond - less holidays, lower pay, fewer rights, lower protections, greater inequality. Brexit for the few. 
Reminder: Farage has repeatedly used threats of violence to try to intimidate public and politicians into accepting #Brexit. What is astonishing is that he is not behind prison bars, which I am sure would happen if Remainers made the same threats. #StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON 
Dear @UKLabour"A sheepish silence in the hope that Brexit will just pass us by will not work any longer. This is the defining issue of our times & it is NOT going to go away.". 
Great to be out doing Brexit public meetings again after a winter break. Aided in Peterborough tonight by Tim Aker MEP. So much more constructive than internal feuding. Next week Downham Market. 
When the likes of Boris start talking about deregulation this week he will not mention one rule that keeps us from trading. Germany just overtook China as world’s richest exporter with those same regs.There are zero benefits to Brexit. 
Very interesting Brexit stat on the MoggMentum page today!Look at the way constituents voted in terms of seats..  (Seats)LEAVE: 406 (63%)REMAIN: 242 (37%) 
RT if you're excited about Brexit  
'It's INCREDIBLY patronising!' MP destroys claims Brits did not know what Brexit meant. Of course we knew! Leave Single Market, Customs Union, ECJ!  
George Soros will give up to £100,000 more to an anti-Brexit campaign group in a show of defiance after being criticised for his involvement in UK politics  
"The survey also reveals widespread confusion about the Gov't’s Brexit strategy. 74% of respondents said May’s plans were “unclear”,compared to 17% who said they were clear"Could these 17% explain to us please what these plans are?!?#brexitshambles 
Let me get this straight @DanielJHannan are you admitting Remainers were right about costs of Brexit, meaning you weren't and lied about them? This sounds awfully like a) an admission of guilt and b) you don't care about the costs. May want to think about your wording here.  
Fellow citizens, unfortunately the neighbours insist on trying to put new walls up around their property, including the bit we all agreed in 1998 to stop arguing over.Hence the need, sadly, for our new #Brexit website.  
"Russia More Influential Than Leave Campaigns During Brexit" - this is a very good in-depth piece on our report   
#Brexit: The Greatest deception of the ignorant masses by a minority of privileged elite with perverse motivations, that will benefit only the few.#brexit is a con.#Brexit must be stopped for the good of the British people.#StopBrexit#StopBrexitSaveBritain#JacobReesMogg 
Best summary of Brexit notifications I've ever seen  
Activists working for George Soros bragged about toppling governments in Europe, Africa and the Middle East:  #Brexit 
Being in the EU has given us an entire class of crap politicians who were happy not to have to take decisions. Post Brexit we need politicians with belief, toil and vision. More Churchill and less Soubry!  
I'm a retired civil servant who has grown up in various EU countries & loved the freedom to pop across to another country to meet people, even love,work or study. I want young people to be able to widen their horizons thru travel. I hate #Brexit:robs us of this right #WeAreRemain 
The #EU has a vision for its future. The UK does not. The UK has no plan, no blueprint, no manifesto, no vision for #Brexit Britain. Please support our campaign to persuade Britain to consider a U-turn on Brexit.  
This is where Rees-Mogg and the Tory Brextremists and right-wing press are trying to take us. The fight against #Brexit is also a struggle to defend our democracy.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
German carnival float #Brexit #BrexitShambles 
Quite ironic how Brexit, a supposed bid to wrestle control from those bloody unaccountable Eurocrats, has itself become unaccountable; with even the most vocal proponents doing all they can to shield it from future scrutiny.Like by ending their tweets with the word "period".  
How ill must @BorisJohnson be to believe he can make a speech appealing to "remainers" about #brexit? Has he any idea of how deeply toxic a figure he has become- how no one likes him or believes a word he says- talk about fucking deluded #FBPE 
I'm married to a business genius (who happens to be an immigrant) who built a successful company which supports our family, has created jobs and serves firms throughout Britain and Europe. We know the damage #Brexit will do to our business and thousands like it #WeAreRemain 
So Brexit and it’s opportunities are now mere ideologies. Does this man even believe in our country and our potential as a nation? You do not speak for me @ChukaUmunna 
#Brexit is going badly because we can't articulate what we wantWe can't articulate it because all options are unpalatableThey're unpalatable because the acceptable cake & eat it option pushed by the Digbys of the world is impossibleHave some integrity, own your mistake man  
A good read about how the #EU need a #Brexit deal as much as we do.  It also looks at the negotiation tactics of the PM, and how, despite the negative press, the PM has the upper hand and has sent @MichelBarnier and co. into a panic!   
'Brexit betrayal' will plunge UK into chaos says man who helped plunge UK into chaos  
So...#Remain was right about the costs, but #Leave decided they wanted out anyway?Say, can you guys be the  ones who pay for  #Brexit then-all of it?For starters: #MarkCarney has the  estimated financial cost. (It'll be billions)Cheers! 
“A majority of MPs are not currently publicly demanding that there be a referendum on the final deal, with many sitting in the ‘soft Brexit’ space instead – but this is changing, with many privately now coming round to that view.” #ExitFromBrexit 
For those who want to understand Ireland’s position on #brexit, @dfatirl now has a dedicated website devoted to the subject. 
The man who just won the Nobel prize for economics says Brexit is completely irrational  #brexit 
All is not well in the #EU.  People are waking up...There is growing dissent against the approach of @MichelBarnier during #Brexit talks.  Up to 12 countries now disagree with him. 
The child #cancer specialist who’s leaving UK cos of Brexit: “I’ve always thought of myself as a European 1st a German 2nd & it’s about much more than economics for me - I believe we are stronger together & the EU has produced decades of peace and stability.”  
We are a small SME. In our niche market, we have an excellent reputation in Europe and the USA. We will move to the EU if #Brexit is not stopped within the next 3 months. This useless government is a catastrophe for business.  
Theresa May's Brexit Committee meetings: no agreement.Theresa May's Northern Ireland meeting: no agreement.Just as well she didn't pursue a career in family mediation. #C4News 
Farage Warns of Brexit Crisis if 'Theresa the Appeaser' Bows to Establishment and Soros  
Astounding hypocrisy from @ChrisLeslieMP, one of the architects of Labour's disastrous Austerity-lite strategy at #GE2015.Had Labour opposed austerity at the time (instead of meekly imitating it) they could have won the election, meaning no more austerity dogma, & no Brexit.  
Thank you for your honesty, (and to add to the bias) I’m asking all my followers to read this thread and RT it. If we are going to move public opinion against Brexit we must keep talking about the reality of what is yet to come. Thanks @jonnywoo34 #Exibrexit 
Former #CUP MP vows to defend independence referendum result in court. Learn more here  . 
Great article @MarkJLittlewood. The PM should move her focus to America if she wants a good Brexit. 
Farage warns 'Brexit betrayal' would plunge UK into crisis        
Theresa May is pandering to predatory Brextremists, who would make a fortune from hard Brexit as the country suffers. The #lLocalElections are our LAST chance to send a message to Tories to stop this madness. #UseYourVote 
Sending death threats to politicians that support #Brexit is sick.  All those politicians that are refusing to respect democracy and try anything they can to halt #Brexit need to take a long hard look at themselves, because once again, people take it too far.  
Corbyn’s genius is to embody in his position on Brexit the very worst of far Left and far Right politics.  
You wouldn't build without planning permission. You wouldn't build a house on sand. You'd want to know your foundations were solid and legal, wouldn't you? So why build a Brexit any differently? Follow @A50Challenge today - support them in keeping the process legit! 
The Guardian heaps praise on George Soros, which speaks volumes:  #Brexit 
How Russia won the social media battle for the Leave campaign...a vote for Brexit was a vote to undermine and weaken British democracy. Taking back control? More like handing it over to Putin. #finalsay #FBPE 
So...They spent the referendum saying "don't believe Remain lies", now they say "obviously Remain weren't lying & we knew it"? 
In the UK & USA the hard right are attacking the institutions & practices of democracy. Industrial scale lying is part of this. If it prevails then facts & reasons will lose their power to persuade and wealth & power will rule unchecked.Arendt knew this#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit  
Petition: Parliament's vote on the Brexit deal must include an option to remain in the EU.  
2/ You seem to be agreeing that Brexit will be bad economically but that is tough because that is what the people voted for  
Apparently Russia was more influential on Twitter than VoteLeave *and* LeaveEU.Come on folks, can we call time on this now? It’s rediculous.How about we re-run the #brexit vote but with actual evidenced debate and no Russians? Like a grown-up democracy.  
Very good piece from @ChukaUmunna. People voted in good faith but the Brexit that was promised is not going to be delivered.  
Britain needs to stop bowing down to Brussels. Even representatives from EU member states think they’re being unreasonable. People voted leave to stop being dictated to by Brussels, that means a full #Brexit in 2019.  
Very proud to formally publish our free and comprehensive guide on EEA citizens' rights - co-authored by @WesleyGrykLLP & @BindmansLLP. Citizens deserve certainty and clarity, and we're here to help. #Brexit #CitizensRights 
Those accused of amplifying Russian meddling in #brexit include some rather mouthy YouTube content creators..  
New evidence that illegitimate Russian pro #Brexit influence on #EURef dwarfed that of #Leave campaign. Surely no UK Government or true British  patriot can stand behind a result engineered by a foreign power intent in weakening our country? #FBPE #WATON #Remain #StopBrexit 
While the British Brexit government fights itself and dithers the EU meets and plans.  
So here’s another #leave voter who has now looked at who #brexit will actually benefit and has changed their mind. Brexit cannot be for the many - just the few. Those few being elite & rich already.Respect @wafu23RN for speaking out as a #remainernow  there are so many like you!  
George Soros has pledged an additional £100,000 to the group trying to overturn the #Brexit result. Looks like Nigel saw the writing on the wall with this one, Brexiteers need to be ready, because this isn’t over yet.  
What a liar McDonnell is. Stating the facts about how devastating Brexit will be for the poorest in the country isn’t being divisive, it’s being honest.  And I love his jibe about “macho” politics. This is a man who still hasn’t apologised for joking about lynching Esther McVey  
I Would Rather Go Back To WW2 Rationing Then Be Part Of The EU Says Brexiteer  the fool obviously doesn’t know the Americans had to keep us fed... on credit. @LBC #Brexit 
CCBS Director Ruth Taillon was invited to give oral evidence to the House of Lords Select Committee on the European Union, which held a session on “Brexit: UK-Irish relations” at Stormont on 31 January. The full evidence session is available to watch here.  
When and where do you carry out your best traitorous sabotaging of Brexit negotiations?Looking for *specific* locations that you have *directly* affected negotiations from please.PS this tweet is only visible to Saboteurs - Leavers, Govt, &  @GCHQ can’t see your replies  
I don't believe this is from a Remainer. If it was, they would have used a 1st class stamp; stopping Brexit is too important for us to use 2nd class stamps.  
Of course @J_amesp  and @Byline_Media exaggerated the Russian threat last summer Wait? What? Russia More Influential Than Leave Campaigns During Brexit?   
Yes, most Labour members oppose Brexit. Just as most Labour members oppose Trident. And selling arms to Saudi Arabia. Can we have a membership vote on them too?  
New @89_up analysis confirms Russian influence during Brexit ballot dwarfed Vote Leave and  campaigns, pushing pro-Leave disinformation and fake news to millions of Brits.But @Byline_Media and I were there first! 
Absolutely right, @ChrisLeslieMP. This is Labour’s Brexit as much as it is the Tories’ Brexit.  
Richard Tice - "It’s pretty clear that actually many in the EU are not prepared to give a special deal so we’ve got to accept where we are, move on and create some certainty. "And if you went the Canada style route, you don’t even need a transition period.” #Brexit  
By stopping Brexit  
Nigel Farage warns 'Brexit betrayal' would thrust Britain into crisis  
May's position on rights for EU nationals arriving during "transition" sums up government's approach to Brexit. Me in @prospect_uk  
If our stock market is capable of correcting itself, why can’t our political system? Brexit was an error: why can’t we now correct it? 
All we want is a Full Brexit, Leave Single Market, Customs Union, there is no Hard Brexit, Soft Brexit is Not Leaving EU!  
Great idea @Open_Britain! If you're a Labour member please tell them what you want their Brexit policy to be! Answer: TOTAL AND COMPLETE OPPOSITION.  
To the Brexiters-since #Brexit, the pound has fallen to record lows against the dollar, inflation has risen to a 6 year high, meaning a sharp rise in prices and the UK is now one of the slowest growing economies in the G7 and European countries. What are the positives of #Brexit? 
DAME HELENA MORRISSEY - fantastic interview on BBC News Channel with Huw Edwards - balanced sensible & upbeat about life & BREXIT!  She was critical of some media, politicians and leading business people for their negative subversive activity! TOP EFFORT! 
Crown Prince @PahlaviReza on Rouhani's referendum charade: As long as no free elections could be held in #Iran, then any type of elections including a #referendum bears no meaning!#WeWillReclaimIran#IranProtests#براندازم@MRYAZDAN @amiretemadi @ParhamRamin @BabakTaghvaee 
Irish PM Leo Varadkar has backed EU chief #Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier, demanding “clarity and urgency" from the UK govt.“Time is running out. It's 20 months since the referendum, 20 years since some of them started campaigning, and we still don’t know what Brexit means.”  
"The lost tribes of Brexit" Me in @spectator on Britain's new minorities (with thanks to @PhilippeAuclair 
"I don’t want Labour to be partly responsible for this decade of Brexit austerity to come. But Jeremy Corbyn and John McDonnell could end up sharing the blame". Powerful piece by @ChrisLeslieMP 
A friend who’s spent his adult life absolutely loathing Margaret Thatcher now tells me Theresa May is the new incumbent in this role because of her stance on Hard Brexit & cold inhumanity re the rights of EU citizens in UK. 
So I'm seeing lots of Oh Jeremy Corbyn types angrily trying to tell everyone lately that Labour isn't the same as the Tories on Brexit. Did I miss some announcement where Labour said they would reverse Brexit, or came up with a super plan to make it work? 
The Darwin Awards salute the improvement of the human genome by honoring those who accidentally remove themselves from it... The UK is in the process of removing itself from the international gene pool, thanks to Brexit... #StopBrexit 
NEW: Taoiseach says @Theresa_May that the December #Brexit agreement still stands. It remains "bullet poof". That they want it written into withdrawal agreement.  
What a joke. "Real fight starts now". It would have been better if Labour hadn't rolled over to the Tories on austerity and #brexit. It's time for Independence. #voteSNP 
Over 3300 people have donated;how many more are there out there who could chip in a tenner to stay in the EU? Keep Your Right to Fight Brexit+give: #FightBrexitFund 
Flights between the UK and the EU will be grounded from March 29 next year without a #Brexit deal.The UK has "air services agreements" with 44 countries through its membership of the EU, covering around 85% of UK air traffic.Without these agreements planes cannot fly.  
A deluded May has given birth to a pathetic, over optimistic, idiotic abomination.  That's what the German carnival season thinks of Brexit. #FBPE 
Local papers are leading the charge to explain the true impact of Brexit.Shame the BBC no longer believes its duty is to inform, educate and entertain. 
Britain should simply walk away from negotiations if Michel Barnier continues with his vindictive approach to Brexit. 
Tell the Labour Party what you think on Brexit  via @Open_Britain 
I cannot, will not, get behind #Brexit. In a world of moral relativism it is absolutely immoral. #ExitFromBrexit #StopBrexit #FinalSay #ProEU#IAmTheRemoanerDigbyJonesWarnedYouAbout 
Launch event for my edited book *Brexit and Literature*  - free but you've got to book!  
It may be the single biggest issue on politics for many years, but I have to admit, I'm sick to the back teeth of talking about Brexit. I work with people who can't afford to feed themselves, yet half the time on here, I get 'yeah, but Brexit' blah blah blah. What about now? 
Theresa May to set out the “Road to Brexit” – 10 months in to the exit process  via @LondonEconomic 
Brexit logic : Yes, I chopped a hole in the bottom of the boat and I'm proud of it! What's more, as you can't tell me exactly how quickly it will sink, all your predictions of disaster are worthless! 
Here it is, one of my favorite interviews I've ever done. Sally Potter on THE PARTY, and ORLANDO, and actors, and Brexit, and compassion, and morality, and all sorts of other things:  
UPDATE: Police probing four Brexit death threats sent to MPs. Met statement:  
Brexit is a joke:#UKPunDay 
Russia interference in the EU ref is negligible, but Soros handed £400k in desperate bid 2 overturned & STOP Brexit. "I am basically there 2 make money. I cannot & do not look at the social consequences of what I do." Soros really is as vile as they come.   
left wing millennials are obsessed with identity politics unlike me, the guy who is entirely defined by supporting brexit, trump, armed forces, the royal family, free market capitalism, blue lives matter, israel, hating socialists and feminists, atheism, creeping on women, gaming 
New Brexit website from the Irish Government.For balance, here is the one from the UK Govt:And DExEU's: 
Turns out #TheresaMay is so desperate to pander to the #brexit hardliners that she ignored unreadiness of Home office systems and goes for #BrexitShambles of ending fredom of movement before end of #transition phase 
Are those the same costs you and your Brexit chums labelled “Project Fear” and complete nonsense?If I were a Leaver I think I’d be quietly questioning what’s going on and whether the Brexiters had try to con me. In the words of Brexiters themselves ...Plus the tax issue.  
So your trope is that they voted Leave despite the leavers’ lies about the costs of Brexit but because they believed the Remainers’ truths and thought it was worth it.Nice try.My neighbour voted Leave because she thought she’d be helping the NHS to get £350pw. A Leaver lie 
Your chance to tell the Labour party what you think about its Brexit policy before their policy conference on Sunday... You don't need to be a member or supporter, it will take you less than 2 minutes, and it will be looked at by the Shadow Cabinet. 
The Unholy Corruption Behind Brexit: What Do Brexiters want?  
I see that once again @danieljhannan is complaining about being called a liar just because he did, in fact, repeatedly lie about the rights of EU citizens after Brexit. Sad!  
Leave campaigner reveals Brexit SOLUTION to avoid submission to EU AND transition period  
Yeah, because people like you said it was all 'Project Fear' and should be ignored. Don't try and pretend now that you were honest about the true costs of Brexit. "Absolutely nobody is talking about threatening our place in the Single Market." That was you, remember?  
Things Brexit has taught me No. 751: You can safely ignore the opinion of  anyone who uses these words:QuislingShillMeltCuckSmearTraitorAny other examples? 
With the recent attempts to provoke Remainers and suspect threatening letters, I felt it would be good to show we are not faceless thugs but regular peaceful patriots. Write a tweet giving a bit about yourself and why you are peacefully anti Brexit with the tag #WeAreRemain 
Every Brit I’ve talked to, explaining how #Brexit will make them poorer, told me they didn’t care about that. Now, apparently, Brits are starting to care. Too late!!! #BringIt. A kleptocracy run by @RBS and @afneil  
I write for an animation news site that I've been associated with since I was a teenager. I champion human rights and oppose austerity. I am against Brexit because it will take away our rights and diminish Britain as a country. #WeAreRemain 
The first #Brexit: #Map shows Doggerland region around the British Isles 18,000 years ago when sea levels were much lower. Source:  pic.twitter.com/8tXhc3HFjq 
Soros Doubles Down on Anti-Brexit Cash, Promises Further £100,000 after Funding Revelation My hubby says a special place in Hell for this man  
5. Banging on endlessly about sovereignty and saying that a referendum result was an 'instruction to parliament', while not realising the two are definitionally opposed to each other. 
More than 25,000 UK citizens carry out seasonal tourism jobs in the EU each year, allowed under single-market rules. Post-#Brexit, laws and regulations are likely to make it costly or impossible for UK staff to carry out these roles. 
A must-read piece by @ChrisLeslieMP in @standardnews about how the Labour Party must take a Brexit stand or be responsible for austerity  
Jeremy Corbyn’s national policy forum is meeting next week and, incredibly, they’re NOT inviting ideas about Brexit. This is beyond belief. Tell them what you think here. No need to be a Labour member.  
EU budget chief Oettinger says 'almost all programmes' to face cuts after Brexit. Unless Britain decides to un-padlock its chequebook, of course...  
ICYMI this weekend. Labour figures are complaining the UK won't imperialistically impose gay marriage on overseas territory Bermuda, which voted against it in a referendum:  
#Brexit is a cancer eating away at the body of a once tolerant Britain. The only cure is to excise the tumour, if the country is to have a chance of surviving. The longer it is left, the more irreparable damage is being done. #StopBrexit 
Theresa May sets out ‘Road to Brexit’  
This EVIL man is a problem for ALL nations! He and his family should be banned from this country.#MondayMotivation #MAGA @POTUSSoros Doubles Down on Anti-Brexit Cash, Promises Further £100,000 After Funding Revelation - Breitbart  
Scottish independence is no longer about the status quo VS the uncertainty of indy. It's now about being dragged down into a pit by Brexit or taking a chance that an iScotland can do things better. #indyref2 
OK another question for #FBPE peeps. If a 2nd referendum went to leave again, would you start saying, OK it's best of three!? 
UKIP activist Mandy Boylett, who once rewrote Three Lions to be about the EU, has done a new dystopian Eurodance song about the Brexit divorce bill. This is what the future looks like.  
Tomorrow begins the voting period for referendum to increase the athletic fee by a net of $4.25 per SCH. The new athletic fee is still 30% below the Conference USA average and 20% below Texas State and UTSA. 
I don't know how you work that out. I have a lot of respect for the Greens - especially Carline Lucas.How will voting Green stop Brexit ?They are a *niche* market unless the voting system changes - which is unlikely.  
Brexit is, as much as anything else, an agricultural policy.And so it's no wonder that we keep finding agribusiness lobbyists lurking in the shadows:  #brexitdarkmoney 
The true king of England welcomes #DarwinDay and asked me to thank all those immigrant Saxons for their contributions. May they have leave to remain after Brexit  
Friends! Enemies!We on the Progressive Left are proud of our allies, e.g. Our Soros, Our Soubry, Our Bankers, and Our IMF!And especially our main ally: Our EU, which is so popular, it's never been defeated in a democratic election!No wonder Remain won Our Referendum by 48%!  
It's carnival, it's Germany, it's the #brexit float! #FBPE #WATON 
Farage warns 'Brexit betrayal' would plunge UK into crisis  
I get why some people say “move on from Brexit.” They’re sick of it. I’m sick of it.But it underpins most of the things we need to fix in Britain.Today we read even *if* we sign deals with all other countries o/side EU, manufacturing set for big hit 
Pleased to meet again with @EESC_President and with the enlarged Presidency of @EU_EESC for a constructive exchange of views on consequences of #Brexit for all stakeholders. Employers, workers and other representatives of civil society have to prepare themselves for next steps.  
‘If Labour opposed Brexit its polling would surge’ is the new ‘it’s not the ideas, it’s the person presenting them’ from folk who just scramble for an excuse not to support a left-wing platform. 
UK Will Have Global Influence, Make ‘a Lot’ of Bilateral Trade Deals After Brexit: BP Exec   
These have been sent to a number of people who’ve tweeted them here. This is the true true hatred that’s been unleashed by Brexit - that from those remainers who detest this country. They are not even just pro-EU, they are anti-British ideologues.  
Yet another vote of confidence in Brexit Britain as Citigroup announce huge investment in a London 'innovation centre'. Still no sign of that economic apocalypse... READ MORE  
Uncomfortable with EU threats?Anna Soubry:“We’re saying we want to leave your club, but sort of, actually, we want to rejoin it."Your missing the point @Anna_SoubryWe're LEAVING on 29th March 2019We certainly DON'T want to rejoin it!#Brexit #EU 
Floats at carnival parades in Germany are a good indicator on how Germany perceives global politics. Here the one on #Brexit  
I can tell you what I thought were important British Values: fairness, kindness,tolerance, openness,politeness, intelligence.None of those seem to be current #BritishValues since the Brexit vote. 
'Brexit Britain will be a bloody horrible place: insular, boorish, incurious, , illiberal, kleptocratic, narrow-minded, baleful, broke, and draping its America-lite reality with fantasies of empire and Blitz'. Keith Aitken via @ScottishReview  
Historians will search in vain to find a single official in the high echelons of Whitehall who thinks that Brexit is anything less than a catastrophe  
.@MollyMEP dispels some #Brexit trade myths on @BBCAnyQuestions:"This isn't so much about global Britain as it is about global theatre - going out and posturing to the world": 
Brexit is a self inflicted catastrophe. For it to stop a lot of people are going to have to admit either privately or publicly that they were wrong. That is very hard to do.  
Congrats to @LBHF for becoming the first council in the UK to formally call on the government to give the people a vote on the #Brexit deal.  Hopefully other councils will follow and @jeremycorbyn will listen to members of his party 
He also claimed during the referendum that "Absolutely nobody is talking about threatening our place in the single market"...  
Tory Brexiteers attack the institutions that maintain our democracy, the civil service, judiciary, Bank of England and Parliament in the pursuit of a hard Brexit. They are taking our country into a very dark place indeed.   
Anti-Brexit art installation launched in Kent  
Andrea Leadsom has complained to police over Brexit death threat. Understand 4 other such letters sent to Leavers have been reported to police this morning:  
Brexit boost as BP's boss claims lots of countries want a Brexit trade deal as Australia's High Commissioner says they will be more options for exports if we leave the EU Customs Union   
Leadsom Contacts Police | 4 New Brexit Death Threats Reported to Police This Morning  
Remain campaigners consistently receive death threats, egged on by establishment papers. You might remember that a serving, Remain-leaning MP was killed just prior to the referendum, the killer with links to Far Right groups. Fucking spare me.  
.@Nigel_Farage warns 'Brexit betrayal' would thrust Britain into crisis  
The whole “cost of #Brexit” thing — per the UK govt analysis from last week — is an economically illiterate lie by the media. Spread the truth...  
You demand that I respect your vote, because DEMOCRACY, and in the very next tweet say you believe #Brexit is JUST LIKE LEAVING A GOLF CLUB. Democracy depends on all of us taking our civic duties seriously enough to actively seek and critically assess information. I did. Did you? 
Do you, the people, want Brexit to be stopped?I said YES!What do you think?#StopBrexit 
Labour are the official opposition of the entire country, not just Labour members, and they are trying to heal some of the division causes by Brexit. Overturn Brexit and you will see a huge surge in support for Ukip and far right parties! Compromise is the way forward.#RJCOB 
Brexiteers are trying to silence your voice, with attacks on everything from the judiciary and civil service to campaigners fighting against a Tory Brexit.Please join and share! 
Meeting with @Number10gov Theresa May and her officials in Belfast, constructive talks on restoring power sharing and Brexit. Next up: meeting leaders of the Northern Irish parties  
The Sun reports that PM May intends to withhold UK contributions to the EU budget unless they have a veto over new EU laws during transition.This would severely increase the risk of a no deal #brexit 
The problems when one hopes to become Singapore-on-Thames by running a protectionist (anti-immigrant) campaign. Has always been the inherent contradiction in Brexit logic. (IE let's leave the world's largest free trading area to become global champions of free trade.)  
Summary:1. We Young People did not vote for Brexit. 2. Admittedly, not many of us voted Remain either, as most of us didn't actually bother to get out of bed on 23.6.16.3. So: the old people stole our future while we were sleeping.4. Talk about UNFAIR!5. That's all, folks!  
Today we revealed the full and staggering scale of Russian media interference in the EU referendum.  
Don't let Remainers know this ........ but:Professor of Economics says the reporting of Brexit costs (by the purveyors of EU propaganda) is very misleading.  
Beginning to see vast scale of Russian Bots,Troll Farms and RT/Sputnik #Brexit propagandaNext thing to factor in - Breitbart/Bannon/Cambridge Analytica This will begin to prove the EU ref was not a free and fair election@profcarroll @RVAwonk @carolecadwalla @justinhendrix 
Soros Doubles Down on Anti-Brexit Cash, Promises Further £100,000 After Funding Revelation   
It surely must be clear now to the vast majority of MP's of all parties that there is no outcome to Brexit that is anything other than seriously harmful to the UK. It is time for Parliament to take back control, install a government of national unity, and sort out this mess. 
Lib Dem MP: Most Brits are 'secretly wishing Brexit would stop' WRONG: Most Brits want MPs to implement the result of the referendum like they said they would. 
Tell May to step down from Brexit negotiations and put The Mogg in charge.  
#Brexit as seen in a carnival in Germany... Via @AFPphoto 
Australia tells UK to open tariff-free trade to world after Brexit: ‘It’s worked for us for 26 years’  
This week’s Who’s To Blame For Brexit chart. And excitingly we’ve got a new number 1, up 4 places, thanks to Digby Jones and pals.  
Mogg's Army: 100 MPs demand an end to Free Movement on Brexit day  
Andrea Leadsom slams ‘cowardly’ death threat from pro-Remain group who claim they will ‘take lives’ from the Brexit side  
Wow. Anti-EU articles and tweets by #Russian outlets had 4 times more impact than official Leave #Brexit campaigns, according to new report by @89_up. 261 articles said to be viewed 134 million times. Remember, the Kremlin's objective is a weakened UK. 
BRITAIN SHOULD ‘WALK AWAY AND SEE HOW EU DOES WITHOUT THE MONEY’It’s time to stop bowing down to Brussels and go for a clean Brexit in 2019!   QUIT STALLING!       #fo2eu 
Up to TWELVE European countries rebel against Barnier's plot to punish UK for Brexit by offering 'narrow' trade deal  
“The Midlands and the North of England are more exposed to Brexit than any other region in Europe”  
Britain will have pulling power around the world despite Brexit and the prime minister is doing the right thing in keeping negotiations under wraps, according to the boss of BP  
Brexit will allow governments to deliver on their promises  
“We Will Take Lives”: Brexit MP Receives Death Threat Letter -  
Ah, the wonderful effects of our likely #brexit ....  
UNWARRANTED: Theresa May 'wants to keep Britain tied to EU-run police agreements' post-Brexit.So Brits can be shipped off to face Mickey Mouse charges abroad? That's not taking back control. 
#Brexit will NOT be supported by @UKLabour if it fails to ensure/deliver:1 Strong/collaborative relationship with EU2 "Exact same" benefits3 Fair management of migration in the interests of the economy4 Keeps rights & protections5 National security6 Help ALL areas of UK. 
Want to know which climate science deniers are also pushing for a hard Brexit? Here's a list | @DeSmogUK - 
Doesn't look like Germany needs us more than we need them, does it?How can people still believe all those #LeaveLies when Brexit is making the UK into the laughing stock of the world? How can anyone support it call themselves a patriot? Stop the #fakepatriots = #StopBrexit2018 
George Sopros has now pledged a further £100,000 for Brexit referendum even though he doesn't live her or vote here 
If actual Remainers sent this I condemn it.But can't help but notice all these incidents being presented by the most intolerant of Leave MPs, including attempts to provoke Remainers into confrontation.I read this as forced narrative- scapegoat Remain at Brexit turning point.  
Britain not diminished by Brexit, says BP boss  
There are 1000s of us. The average pledge is £27.64. This is a meaningful grass roots expression of anguish at this unconstitutional Brexit. It’s not ok. And we are not going away. 
If Britain were to change its mind on Brexit, the European Union would welcome it back with open arms and there would be no country celebrating more than Ireland would be, says Irish foreign minister @simoncoveney 
Registration System to Control EU Migration After Brexit ‘Almost Certainly’ Not Ready in Time   
Sorry, but I don't understand your criticism.How could #FBPE (Follow Back Pro EU) possibly be IN FAVOUR of Jeremy Corbyn, when he supports Brexit?You might as well ask us to be in favour of Farage, May or Mogg.  
There will be a transition, there will be a deal, and the concessions the UK is making to get there will quickly be forgotten, just as the #Brexit bill row is already far behind us.  
Europe. % aged 15-30 who voted in any level of govt elections in last three years Austria 79%Italy 79%Poland 71%France 67%Netherlands 66%Spain 65%Germany 61%UK 55% (Brexit...)Belgium 40%Luxembourg 35% (They really don’t care) EU-28 64% 
How is it possible to charge #Catalonia’s politicians for rebellion? Rebellion is a violent uprising, but #1oct referendum was about people wanting to vote peacefully. Only #Spain authorized violence that day, when #GuardiaCivil beat voters. Disgraceful! 
MOGG'S ARMY: 100 MPs to DEMAND end to free movement on day of Brexit  
Hard Brexit to make every day life CHEAPER, Australian official says HUGE growth on way  
Farmers voted to Leave & still want to Leave.  The NFU, (who actually says Brexit would be bad in the article, not farmers), have always looked after the interests of the large, rich landowners, not the average farmer.Once again - the EU stands for the rich & elite.  
Illusions that the U.K. could conclude an FTA with USA before Brexit. USA is the only important trade partner for U.K., but far behind EU and countries linked to EU. USA to be tough and want to know links U.K./eu before negotiate 
Ms May to make « big offers» while these wishes will actually be wishes she has no means to realise:that U.K. continues after Brexit to continue benefiting from arrest warrant and Europol as if it was still an EU member. Impossible. See Denmark for Europol! 
I'm wondering how many real #Brexit supporters there R? So many fake accounts, (often Far Right USA) being thrown at an ever growing number of real ppl supporting #Remain that I guess the only way to find out wld be to hold an actual Ref in 2018 & let the real voters vote.#FBPE 
THEORY OF DEVOLUTIONIt is possibleto go backwards, too,as support for Trump and Brexit teach us.A descent back into primitivism,and the Origins of the Specious.#DarwinDay 
Parliament is not a bystander in the Brexit process, and will not give government a blank cheque. We will get a meaningful vote, and MPs across parties are willing to vote against the government if the deal is against the interests of our constituents.  
Currently rolling its way through Köln’s Rosenmontag parade...Theresa May, with a Brexit armband, dragging away a screaming baby [] from the EU.[HT @Simon_Gardner] 
Brexit: the slow realisation that Britain is an ordinary European country. 
Russia's anti-EU tweets eclipsed Leave campaign before the referendum. #Brexit #BrexitRussia #FBPE 
Gracious & sensible announcement from @IanBlackfordMP about not contesting @SNP deputy election. The more hands on the tiller as we face Brexit plus likely #scotref the better. 
At the beginning of 2016 UK has the fastest growing economy in the G7 group. Since the Referendum it is now the slowest. #economy #growth #FBPE #WATON #UKBiz #FinalSayForAll #ABTV 
Thatcherism 2.0: How free market fundamentalists are trying to turn Brexit to their advantage  
Even if we got trade deals with EVERY SINGLE NON-EU COUNTRY, under a no-deal Brexit, British manufacturing exports would be badly damaged. Please RT so everybody knows the real facts:  
Believe me, I so want our politics to focus on these issues too. The truth is if we carry on the way we are going with Brexit, it makes it harder not easier to tackle these problems.  
Now @AndreaLeadsom Gets Brexit Death Threat:  
Most Brits are quietly wishing someone would 'just make Brexit stop', says @LaylaMoran 
Farmers starting to realise having voted tp tank the economy they won't get any subsidies after Brexit. 
**POLL** Should Brexit be stopped? You know the drill, folks! Vote & RT@W_A_T_O_N @eddiemarsan @AngieMeader @ianw2000uk @Scientists4EU @BestForBritain #RoadToBrexit #FBPE #StopBrexit @LibDems @BremainInSpain @Labour4EU @TheGreenParty @TheNewEuropean 
"With a bit of patience we'll get there" @VinceCable tells @MattForde how an exit from Brexit gets more likely with time.Watch the full episode here:  
As it becomes clear how complex Brexit is going to be and how much it’s likely hurt us, I believe this is true. But the public need to believe it is possible and make their voices heard.   
Brexiter: It's up to remainers to make #Brexit work.Remainers: We told you this can't workBrexiter: Get on with it and clear this mess up, it's not working because of you.Can you stoop any lower than blaming others for the mess you created it's pure cowardice. #StopBrexit 
BRITAIN will have “no control” over its trade policy if it remains in a customs union after Brexit, Australia’s High Commissioner Alexander Downer warned, as he talked up the trading opportunities between the two countries.   
George Soros raises donation to anti-Brexit Best for Britain group  
 @MhairiBlack: Labour’s backing for a job-destroying #Brexit deal is unforgivable.  
Why am I not surprised that its the same Labour MPs trying to over turn Brexit because it didn't go the way THEY wanted, that tried to overturn our decision to elect Corbyn as Leader because he wasn't the leader THEY wanted. Democracy only counts when it goes the way THEY want! 
The 2016 referendum was the second referendum. The first one was in 1975. So now Change Britain is saying the second one was undemocratic. Curious argument from people who back Brexit.  
Confirmed: Brextremists want post #Brexit Britain to be a race to the bottom on workers' rights. This is not Project Fear it's #BrexitReality 
Let me remind you Corbyn took a holiday during the EU Referendum, put on a fur coat and went on some crap TV show when he grudgingly said he was (as I recall) 60% percent for Remain.  
The EU wants further protections for casual labour. The UK doesn't. Inside the EU, the UK thinks it can block those protections. But after Brexit they might just be imposed on the UK via a 'level playing field' clause.Fascinating - on how Brexit means losing control.  
A meaningful referendum on EU membership is held when a country has had a membership-long democratic debate on its position in the Union and not after years of fakenews-bashing and a 3 month campaign mired by scaremongering and disinformation #brexit 
So Allardyce used our scouting network to steal a target and then refuses to play him due to the most Brexit reason of all time. Great.#CPFC 
Intrigued by the idea of an undemocratic referendum.  
The attempt to stop brexit despite the majority voting for it is now out of hand. Government should stop it before there are deaths. People are getting very angry. We either have a democracy or we don´t. If we don´t then lets do the only thing left to do and start fighting 
Funny, Van Badham just suggested an omnibus referendum to resolve a range of constitutional issues. Credit where it’s due: that was Barnaby Joyce’s idea. #qanda 
Disappointing that MPs continue to claim ‘Brexit might not happen’ & advocate the undemocratic idea of a 2nd referendum. 17.4 million people vote to leave the EU, the largest democratic mandate in British history  
Prime Minister Mogg has a ring to it. A ring of success for Brexit and Britain. The feral Left fear it.  
“Bloody snowflake millennials scared of free and open debate” I harrumph into my Telegraph “and another thing, why won’t those Remoaners shut up and get behind Brexit?” 
‘Brexit lies about cost of EU will be the sinking of the good ship Britain' @Kevin_Maguire shows us how much the EU is really costing the average taxpayer per year - and it’s probably a lot less than you think… 
You visit archeological sites and see ruins of cities where civilisations once flourished and you think “how did all this come to an end?” . And then you remember Brexit and it suddenly makes sense. 
Backlash against MPs voting to scrap EU animal sentience recognition post-Brexit sparked PR panic with Tories desperate to rehabilitate their animals image. But we still need to talk about animals & Brexit. Cambridge folk, join me tonight to do just that  
Australia says yes to post-Brexit free trade agreement with the UK  
.@MhairiBlack - "Labour's position on Brexit is a shambles. They are aiding and abetting right-wing Tory plans for an extreme Brexit which will do huge damage to the Scottish economy, jobs and living standards."  
STAGGERING: EU Commissioner warns migrant ghettos will become 'a nuclear bomb' in the future.Brussels has £310bn set aside for social integration. Brexit means UK taxpayers won't keep forking out for EU mistakes. 
That’s why MPs on both sides are examining the options & concluding EFTA & #CustomsUnion deliver #Brexit and secure our economy & GFA  
To a large degree #Brexit is about English nationalism, and for the English nationalists Ireland is a far away land of which they know little and care less.#StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON 
30 months since the Referendum and 13 months to go until the Article 50 notice and the Cabinet still don’t have a plan for the most important issue facing this country since WWII  
Tactical argument on aid: Aid is a brilliant form of soft power in countries which with development and time could become great markets for the UK. Should be clear why that’s critically important during Brexit.  
I see 'unilateral free trade', the cargo cult of Brexit, is back in the papers.  
Britain has traditionally played a blinder to get what it wants in the EU with diplomatic 'divide and rule' tactics with the 27. But with #Brexit and the Brexiters, we're playing 'divide and misrule' among ourselves.  
BREXIT IRONY: Farmers struggling to recruit fruit & veg pickers from #EU after #Brexit vote, says NFU report /  
“We thought that 27 countries would be squabbling amongst themselves.But instead it is one country squabbling with itself.It is very strange.” Finance Minister of #Malta-@BloombergTV#Brexit 
Billionaire George Soros pledges another £100,000 to 'accelerate' his fight against Brexit after criticism  
"The Road to Brexit" - today's @guardian cartoon... 
"Time is running out" in Brexit process, says Leo Varadkar, who wants more details from Britain  
Every time someone says ‘Road to Brexit’ I keep hearing the Talking Heads ‘Road to Nowhere’..Can’t think why... 
Don't spoil the ship for a ha’porth of tar is an old warning against ruinous false economies which applies to Brexit  
Brexit lies about cost of EU will be the sinking of the good ship Britain  
Ironically, @hilarybennmp said the same thing as RM did about the reason for not having a second referendum at an event in Kilburn.  Absurd ill-thought through cliches that infect our discourse and prevent intelligent debate driving us towards a disastrous outcome.  
3. We lost any chance of this working when A50 was invoked w/o due diligence & it appears little if any agreement in Govt or Opposition as to what #Brexit wld look like. All we were offered was some form of Pay & Obey No Say version or a damaging WTO cliff which is not an option 
Brexit aside, business is business. Successful companies learn to adapt in order to make money:Proving the Remoaners wrong: MAJOR US bank announces plans to INVEST in UK post-Brexit  
READ | Globalist billionaire George Soros pledges another £100,000 of his foreign money to overturn Brexit - and still we get silence from Remoaner MPs like @RhonddaBryant and @thomasbrake who took thousands from Best for Britain at the last election. 
Barmy Barnier risks EU 'FRACTURE'EU diplomat:"Could anyone accept these terms?If I was Britain I would be tempted to say 'no', walk away & then see how EU does without the money."#Brexit #EU 
“The future is an EU dystopia. We are destroying nation states of Europe against the wishes of Europeans. We are importing Islamism, conflict & strife to Europe through mass & uncontrolled immigration. I am a deluded fanatic”#NeverEU#Brexit 
Brexit PollShould an Member of Parliament’s priority be.Please Rt for a wider audience 
Bash a Brexit blockhead  
BOOM: US banking big hitter Citigroup to invest in new ‘innovation centre’ in London.Brexit Britain leading the way once again!  
No deal Brexit could lead to 43,000 fewer construction jobs.#Brexit #BrexitImpact #Housing #Construction #Tech #Innovation #HousingCrisis 
"Before the referendum Britain was doing better economically than the rest of Europe. But this has now been reversed, with continental economies powering ahead while Britain lags behind." George Soros 
So far, and there is of course a long way to go, Brexit has been one of the best adverts for the EU. 
Lord Digby Jones has so much faith in Brexit being a roaring success that he's already manufacturing convenient scapegoats for when it all goes horribly wrong.  
Most Brits are 'secretly wishing Brexit would stop'  
Amazing but not surprising.  All she could say is1. *Only* thing entire Cabinet agrees on is immigration target is mad. Unfortunately PM disagrees2. There's no post-Brexit policy and won't be till Xmas3. Good news (for economy) is free movement continues to 2021. Rejoice!  
A responsible government would now be saying to the British people "We heard the message of the referendum and we have  pursued it as far as we can. It has become clear that  leaving the EU is not only fraught with unforeseen complexities and  dangers.... 1/2 
This remoaner, 62, daren't say the word "Gibraltar" for fear of Lord Gammon Jones accusing me of undermining Brexit. GIBRALTAR.Oops. 
honestly could we not collectively decide to not start talking about Brexit before like 10.30am or something, it's too early for this 
Seriously. It’s nothing. RT & Sputnik have a combined budget of hundreds of millions and they have exclusively pro Brexit coverage. Russian state funded media don’t have editorial independence and we did it for a reason - weakening the EU which has sanctioned us. 
1. Campaign for years with no plan if you succeed.2. Hold a referendum with no plan if you succeed.3. Win referendum unexpectedly, then realise you had no plan.4. Blame the side that lost the referendum for the fact you have no credible plan.Repeat step 4 until success... 
The UK was doing great in negotiations against 27 competent countries. We had sent out finest hams, but now those efforts have been undermimed after Carol the Remoaner tweeted “not a big fan of this Brexit thingy tbh” making negotiations impossible. All bad things are her fault  
This is nothing compared to what I spent to make Brexit happen 
Brexit negotiations have been derailed after Carol from Worcestershire tweeted “bit worried about the Irish border if I’m honest”.Things were going great until the Remoaner, 34, sent her little tweet and now we’re going to get a bad deal and it’s all her fucking fault. pic.twitter.com/p7Kx2hrq1Q 
#Brexit Can we just get on with Brexit please stop trying to derail it. Same bloody Remoaner bores out everyday FFS. Alastair Campbell, Chuka Umunna, Anna Soubry, Tony Blair, Ken Clarke, Michael Heseltine, Gina Miller, Richard Branson. And Owen Jones & Kevin Maguire   
George Soros gives ANOTHER £100,000 to accelerate bid to STOP BREXIT  
Most Brits are quietly wishing someone would 'just make #Brexit stop', says Lib Dem MPLayla Moran argued that "most of the population" now wished Brexit could be halted, claiming that is "doable".#StopBrexit #FBPE @LaylaMoran 
The whole thing is a terrible obnoxious joke. If May still doesn't know/cannot implement the kind of Brexit she wants, she shldn't have triggered A50. 
Safe prediction: After these interminable weeks of ministers laying out what Brexit looks like, we still won't know. 
Oh go on, I’ll add this. At the same meeting, the local Labour MP asked me if I was ‘happy with the direction of travel’ on Brexit. I replied I hadn’t noticed any travel at all, other than round in circles. 
Now 125k!Many thanks to the hundred or so law and Brexit geeks that still follow, and to the 125k army of now somewhat bemused Russian pornbots. 
GEORGE SOROS: My love for Britain is why I hate Brexit | Daily Mail Online - THIS IS BRILLIANT. PLEASE READ & SHARE  
Darren Grimes was given £625,000 by Vote Leave to influence Brexit. That's £225,000 more than Soros has donated.  
The Telegraph calls this “a secret plot to thwart Brexit”. There’s nothing secret about Soros’ donations, they are transparent. And there’s no secret conspiracy. He’s one of many trying to save the country from self-immolation. Thank you @georgesoros 
Most of population wish Brexit could be halted, MP says #StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON 
A Reminder of Labour's 6 tests to support any Brexit deal:- Create a Collaborative Relationship with EU- Offer Same Benefits as the Single Mkt & Customs union- Provide Fair Management of Migration- Defend Rights- Protect Security- Deliver for all regions of UK#PCPEU #FBPE 
Scottish dependence on EU citizens means that any #Brexit related disincentive or new difficulty or delay  will have a direct and severe economic impact.  Migration is beneficial for every sector and there are no available alternative sources of talent.  
Dear @DavidDavisMP the statement below was a lie (we assume you are not incompetent having spent 25 years on Brexit).  The truth is now apparent to all.  WHY does @theresa_may keep a liar in office ? Do you have the integrity to resign over your lies ? 
Thank you to everyone who has supported our campaign this weekend to give party members a voice on Brexit. We’ve had a brilliant response. Plse RT and encourage others to do the same:  
Brexit Has Reached The Point Of No Return  
REMOAN: George Soros has pledged another £100k to stop Brexit.Campaign to overturn referendum result goes on. Brexiteers must be ready for the battle.  
The threats to British aviation all stem from Brexit  
Yeah, flipping Remainers! You lost. You aren't in government. You don't dominate in cabinet. You aren't leading the exit negotiations. You don't control 80% of the press. You have no power! So the failure of Brexit is clearly all down to you.  
.@theresa_may is  ‘ready to withhold EU cash’ unless we can veto rules in #Brexit transition.The PM is preparing to deliver a major speech dubbed “Road to Brexit” - which will include a demand that we maintain our veto powers during any transition  
I was about to drop my opposition to Brexit when I saw this ridiculous, bullying tweet from Digby Jones, saying it was time for  “Remoaners” to drop opposition to Brexit.  One thing he said did resonate: his injunction not to give in to bullies- so I decided to carry on instead.  
Monday morning. I'm in Germany. It's brilliant. There's no fucking Brexit here. Everyone I've met has been lovely and welcoming. It's like Britain was before the fucking referendum. 
Barnier faces EU backlash over 'aggressive' approach to Brexit talks. Anglophile diplomat reportedly said: "If I was Britain I would be tempted to say 'no' - walk away and then see how the EU does without the money." I wholeheartedly agree.  via @MailOnline 
I hope we're all prepared for spending years and years of saying: "Go fuck yourself," every time Remain voters are blamed for Brexit not working as fantasised. 
"As things stand, if you're a UK citizen living in the EU on the date of Brexit your rights to live and work throughout Europe will be restricted. If you're a UK citizen living in the UK on the date of Brexit your rights to live and work throughout Europe will disappear."RESIST  
Australian High Commissioner says they could "build substantially" more trade with the UK if they could "negotiate a free trade agreement" post Brexit #r4today 
They started by telling us Brexit would be easy (queueing up to do trade deals) and would bring huge benefits (£350m pw for the NHS).  Now they tell us we will end up with a *lousy deal* and try to bully those of us that are opposed to Brexit into submission.  #r4today 
Remember: the Brexit shit-show is the fault of Remoaners and nothing to do with it being the political equivalent of diving headfirst into an approaching combine harvester. 
I hope you’re all listening. A failure to secure a glorious future post-Brexit will not be the fault of an unprepared and divided government in hock to ideologues. It will be the fault of *you* with your seditious, critical tweeting to your few hundred like-minded followers.  
Morning! Rise and shine, and don't forget to email Labour to change the Brexit debate... Thanks x 
Whipping up of anti EU feeling 18months after referendum has a purpose. As #brexit disaster becomes clear the only hand leave leaders have to force Brexit is to burn bridges with Europe. If UK Population can be made to hate EU enough there can be no way back regardless of cost 
Only last July, @Digbylj was boasting post-Brexit deals were "in the bag".  
#r4todaySuperb depiction of the road to Brexit  
All should read 'EU - A Corporatist Racket'  by David Barnby.  The papers released under the 30 year rule reveal the truly staggering level of betrayal of Britain by Heath, Rippon, Thornycroft, Tickell, MacMillan and our senior bureaucrats in the 1970s. Very relevant with Brexit 
1. Campaign for years with no plan if you succeed.2. Hold a referendum with no plan if you succeed.3. Win referendum unexpectedly.Realise you had no plan.4. Blame the side that lost the referendum for the fact you have no credible plan... 
It is fascinating, really, the “get behind Brexit” psychology that says “if you all shut up and stop criticising, the EU will give us a good deal”. Has anyone explained why this would be the case? 
Never in history has a GB government fought so hard to take away so many rights from so many citizensFor 40 yrs I and millions of GB have lived in the EU and been treated exactly like localsYoung Brits won't be able to do that and have no new rights in return#Brexit #FBPE 
I'm still waiting for a good reason to Brexit.  
The #StopBrexit Great Northern March on 24/3 is our first opportunity this year to put the brakes on #Brexit. See  for details. Sign up on Eventbrite. Tell your friends. Let’s Make Leeds Loud! #GreatNorthernMarch 
Remember, folks, don’t tweet negative Brexit sentiments or ‘Lord’ Digby will blame the inevitable diminution of British wealth & influence on YOU   
If Brexit isn’t stopped, the generational chasm created by Brexit will come to define our modern democracy  
 @fmwales says a post-Brexit 'hard maritime border' between Wales and Ireland would be a "real threat" to both economies 
The actions of key players in the #Brexit saga have highlighted how depraved our communities have become. In this, almost Oedipal example, Richard Branson seems to wish the people who made him dead.#PowerCorrupts#Brexit #Brexiteers 
No he doesn't, you idiot. He says he wants to unwind Brexit. That isn't *defeating* democracy. That's defeating the travesty of democracy being thrust on us by you shysters and allowing for genuine democracy to shine through  
They took #IPOB leader & his parents in murderous rampage, unleashed Fulani terrorists in BiafraLand, invaded & took Jewish congregants inc Rabbi. Now this intimidation 2 stop talk of Referendum. Biafrans DO have a breaking point. It will be #Nigeria that'll break. Mark my words! 
Russia did try to influence EU referendum to deliver a leave vote which supports its goal of weakening Europe  
200 Jobs going from #Ledbury #Herefordshire because of #Brexit  that's less £s in local shops & tax paid so more austerity for all. Time for @NFUtweets to campaign more to keep jobs @RemainingKind @Labour4EU @EK_EuropeanMove @marchesgirl @mappuccinos @AliCapper 
John McDonnell: “I think better we have a general election. Better we have a general election. On the issue, and all the other issues, because you then have a wider debate as well.”No thanks, a #finalsay on any Brexit deal will do fine.#StopBrexit 
16 & 17 year olds could not vote in the Brexit ref. They overwhelmingly support Remain. If you REALLY cared about the young, you would be trying to #StopBrexit 
This is great, because of the @Telegraph attacks Soros has decided to give more to Best for Britain. #StopBrexitGeorge Soros raises donation to anti-Brexit Best for Britain group 
Theresa May overruled the Home Office to insist that EU citizens who arrived during a Brexit transition period would not have the automatic right to remain in the country  
I’m half Welsh, a British citizen and voted Remain. I’m not a ‘Remoaner’ or ‘that lot’. I believe in democracy and as far as I am aware have the right to free speech in the UK. I will therefore fight Brexit for as long as it takes. Call yourself an MP? Have some respect. 
David Davis, the UK's Brexit Negotiator returns to Brussels. Some people say he couldn't wipe his own arse.  
You utter and complete fathead! The reason we have a bad negotiating position is because Brexit and a good negotiating position are logically incompatible, and you have fielded a minister who is sloppy, ill-prepared and without analytical intelligence.  
UK analysis shows big economic hit from Brexit  
In 2018 the tide is with Remain. I predict the UK will reject the Brexit lie and maintain its EU membership #StopBrexit2018 
Citigroup to invest in London, hire staff despite Brexit: FT  
Here’s a clip as a reminder “Not a single job will be lost to Brexit” - a bare-faced Leave Lie from Jan 16. Impossible to trust you now. 
Superb thread - this is the reality of Brexit ... this is why every MP who is not fighting Brexit is a disgrace not fit to be an MP  
“Not a single job will be lost to Brexit” Leave Liar Digby Jones assured the public ahead of the EURef vote.  
Says man who has bent over everytime May talks Brexit  
I will not accept responsibility for this mess because you said I didn’t believe hard enough. Brexit is turning out crap because it was always a crap idea. We said this would happen and now it’s happening. Stop hitting out and accept you got it wrong. Help us fix this. 
Theresa May urged to REJECT Brussels' demands for curbs on post-Brexit trade deals  
I must have seen a 100 like this in the last week. The tide may be starting to turn.Brexit cannot deliever as promised. We must #StopBrexit #FundOurNHS and #reformEU. You in? #WATON #FBPE #ABTV #A50Challenge  
#Brexit undermines itself. Remainers are trying to save the country from the liars, con-men, charlatans and fools who are foisting this destructive rubbish on the British people.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
George Soros is defiantly proud of his huge contribution to anti-Brexit campaign in UK. If this is not interference into other country's internal affairs, then what is?  
Poor old Digby-Jones.Can’t own responsibility for selling a Brexit that could never be delivered well.You had NO detailed deliverable plan after all those decades of bleatingFall back of the weak: “If we can’t blame the EU we’ll blame Remainers/Preferably both.”Your fault 
You think the UK is so weak and pathetic that some people tweeting about Brexit can ruin its prospects of a deal? Stop talking my country down you saboteur! 
'Here is how we BEAT EU bullies' Farage urges May to follow THIS Brexit battle plan  
Shit, and there was I thinking it was the fault of a clueless, split government unable to even agree on a policy among itself, the Brexit Ultras pushing for no deal, and an opposition unwilling to oppose for reasons of misguided electoral strategyTurns out it’s my fault. Sorry.  
Just to be clear: Brexit can be stopped with the penning of a letter.If the people want to.  
19/ If you cannot even do that, then you cannot blame me or anyone else who voted remain. Brexit is on you. If we get a lousy deal it will be because you voted for it. Take responsibility 
I am up for it, who's with me?#ABTVIt's about what's best for our country not your party. Put party allegiance to one side until we defeat Brexit.#dontbrexitfixit #StopBrexit 
18/ If you want me onside, make a better case for Brexit. Be honest about the consequences that flow from leaving and be realistic about how you not onlymitigate the bad things but deliver a Brexit that is better than what we have as an EU member 
Dear Mr McDonnell @johnmcdonnellMP, if you and Mr Corbyn @jeremycorbyn think opposing Brexit would divide the country, then you have absolutely no idea how divided the country already is and how divided it will continue to be. Divided we fall. #dontbrexitfixit#StopBrexit 
17/ The only part of your tweet I agree with is that we should not give into bullies. I won't give into you. I am entitled to argue for Brexit to be stopped by democratic means. 
“Out means out”.“Just LEAVE”.“We want full Brexit & we want it NOW”.“Just get us out!”.“Out NOW!”.“We just want to leave the corrupt EU”.“Out, out, OUT!”“Take back control”.“We’ll make a success of it”.“A clear plan”.“Getting Brexit right”.“Quick! Quick!”   
Digby, don’t blame us, we’re not the ones doing the negotiating.Surely the “Great Brexit Plan” is robust enough to stand on its own?No?  Brexit is a mess?  Well, blow me down!  Who’da thunk it, eh?! It’s YOUR mess - YOU own it.Utter madness.#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Can't possibly be the fault of people who campaigned for #brexit for 20yrs and didn't give an iota of thought to how to implement it and still  don't have a clue now 
The first referendum we voted in. The second referendum we voted out. The result should be respected and it should be another 40 years before it happens again. Dear remainers, you had your turn. Soubry, Adonis, Miller & the 'others' are scheming corporate 'whores'. Nothing else. 
3/ 16,141,241 did not vote for something which the GOV had made no plan for before the referendum 
‘Old voters have overruled young voters who will have to live with the consequences of Brexit for decades ahead. This is aggravating the disillusionment with democracy among young people.’  
I'm trying to convince someone that the EU just might want Scotland to become independent post brexit. Combine the GDP of all the former Yugoslav countries (2 EU members, 3 EU candidates, 2 EU potential candidates), even throw in Albania(!) and it's still less than Scotland's.  
Chuka preaches that "we will all be poorer" after Brexit. He conveniently forgets the about 150 million Greek, Spanish, Italian and Portuguese Europeans whose economies and incomes have been nuked by his precious EU! 
Calling people who disagree with you names such as remoaners is rather juvenile. It is our democratic right to protest against the Tory mess that is Brexit. #BrexitShambles #ToryShambles #Democracy 
George Soros raises donation to anti-Brexit Best for Britain group  
Hello Lara. Be careful of brexit. Look what it did to this old buffoon.  
Please think of the children saddled with this mess.Please sign and share: “Parliament's vote on the Brexit deal must include an option to remain in the EU”.   
Dear Digbylj, a few things to address.. 1) if you met me in person would you be so derogatory? 2) Brexit and all it stands for, lays at the feet of those who voted for it.3) Mr Barnier is fulfilling his mandate on behalf of the EU, he's not the bully. But I fear you may be. 
No, but I don't think you're going to give us a referendum on leaving Westminster.  
George Soros raises his donation to help reverse Brexit. Public donations to Best for Britain will be matched up to £100,000. #ExitFromBrexit #WATON 
.@Nigel_Farage reacts after Soros funds campaign to stop 'Brexit'  
Once again, confirms that for PM priority is stopping/reducing immigration. Everything else - success or otherwise of Brexit, economy, NHS - is secondary. 
Billionaire George Soros pledges another £100,000 to 'accelerate' his fight against Brexit after criticism' |h  
Yes @SebDance yes!! say it loud and clear - staying and leading in the EU is the only deal that makes sense. Time to quash the fantasy that so-called soft Brexit would be a halfway house. It would be the quickest conveyor belt to hard Brexit - same rules, no power.  
Just one last thing @acgrayling: @UKLabour didn’t want a referendum, campaigned against #Brexit, have six strict criteria that have to be satisfied or they’ll vote against the final deal, & they aren’t the Govt.Just for a change, could you spend next week focused on the Tories? 
I’m starting to suspect that Brexit may not be ready before Brexit.  
Ben Jennings on the road to Brexit - Political Cartoon Gallery in Putney  
First the foreign workers left.Now the domestic producers are leaving too.But still Leavers call it" Project Fear".#FBPEBritish farmer moves fruit-growing to China over Brexit uncertainty 
EUObserver: [Interview @CoR_President] #Catalonia's crisis will 'go on for months'. "The solutions cannot be to send police for a referendum, (...) nor to bring elected politicians in prison for these kinds of events. It must be  negotiated."  
Theresa May is ready to pull the plug on Britain’s EU payments if we are forced to obey new directives in the run-up to #Brexit...  
We young people did not vote for Brexit and we won't let the Tories hijack our future - The Independent  
Corbyn is waning in his support and Labour have flatlined under him despite the Tories being in disarray. Thank goodness. Let Labour voters believe he is a busted flush. Pathetic with #Brexit , unelectable on so many things. 
Of course. If Britain decides and notifies before March 31st 2019 that it does not want to leave, that’s enough: #Brexit van be cancelled by a single letter. It’s in the end of the day a political, not a judical decision.  
Corbynistas: “Labour aren’t in power, how can they defeat Brexit?!”Are Labour opposing Brexit? No.Call me a naive, but I think opposing something you’re trying stop is pretty bloody good place to start.Logical conclusion: Labour leadership don’t want to stop Brexit. 
As stated already, we plan to convene the inaugural National Convention at the end of February. The resolutions of the National Convention will be validated by the people through a referendum. 
Soros: I won’t ‘butt out’ of Brexit politics  via @POLITICOEurope pic.twitter.com/ABRvJLcdRS 
How to Brexit like a champ, part III.1. Make spurious, uneducated guesses about complex issues and present them as facts2. Get your assertions demolished by experts3. Call the experts “sneering” and “patronising” for not pretending you know what you’re talking about4. Repeat 
Just when you think it can’t get any better, or any more of an own goal for the Brexit Ultras, it does!  
BRILLIANT: George Soros commits extra  £100,000 to anti-Brexit group after right-wing press attacks  / #EU #Brexit  
More worrying than the silence from the Scottish Secretary and Ruth Davidson, is the UK Labour stance on the Brexit impact reports. Not a whistle. 
Proud of my friend @PhilippeAuclair for articulating these post-Brexit words about the 3 million UK-based Europeans.  
Attention all Anti Brexiters, #FBPE and #WATON and fellow followers.Just want to draw your attention to the Hashtag #ABTVIt stands for Anti Brexit Tactical Voting.Lets show them in the local elections what we think of these Brexit parties.Retweet and get all aware! 
Superb news. Donate to @BestForBritain’s #FightBrexitFund and your donation will be matched by George Soros. Double the delicious Brexit-stopping goodness!  
I hope Oxfam has some heavy duty lawyers, they are gonna need them, they are now a Tory target.Who's next ? NSPCC? Save the Children Oh, and if you didn't already realise..all this is a DISTRACTION because they still haven't got n effing clue what to do about brexit. 
Well, I’m a businessman as well with a claim as valid as that of the Wetherspoon’s bloke to know that Brexit will be catastrophic for a lot of businesses.  And I don’t understand how anyone can fail to agree with that 
.@Theresa_May is ready to pull the plug on Britain’s payments to the EU if we’re forced to obey new directives in the run-up to #Brexit.The PM told aides she will only cough up our full contribution if we retain our veto powers.#ImWithMay #NoSayNoPay  
Brexit, if it is to be done, must be done stably, legitimately and with due respect for the U.K. constitution, a product of the wisdom of centuries of our people.A rush to do it unlawfully and badly to satisfy an internal party emergency is unacceptable. 
This is the best description I’ve read of UKGov on Brexit. Brilliant.  
Who voted for what in any referendum or election is to some extent irrelevant. Once elected, MPs are duty-bound to use their judgement to act in the best interests of the UK. “The will of the people” should be only part of the equation in deciding what those best interests are. 
David, we’ve ALL lost, but remember Tories are at the helm of this Titanic Brexit.Utter madness - and increasingly unpopular as reality sinks in.A desperate attempt to dodge the EU’s Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive and a blatant, deceitful, power grab.Unforgivable selfishness.  
Anti-Brexit installation appears across Arlington House flat in Margate -  amazing I agree end the lie #StopBrexit 
Petition time... An important one which could easily reach 100,000 signatures. Option to remain in and referendum 
Brilliant as always from @Frances_Coppola, a great follow on Brexit and Finance.  
Boris Johnson. Because this will never stop being bad & should never be forgotten. To repeatedly* spin & mislead the electorate using the most impt national issue (with Brexit) was, & will always remain inexcusable. #BrexitBadfellas#FundOurNHS#NHS 
SCOOP - George Soros gives anti-Brexit @BestforBritain another £100k in response to ‘smear campaign’ 
BREXIT SHOCK: Theresa May pushes for UK to remain bound to EU's security agency  
Remainers didn’t cause the goddamn problems. Europe is about fixing those problems. Problems that Brexit will make much, much worse. Jesus Christ it makes me tear my hair out   
This piece for @These_Islands probably took more out of me than any other I've written. What does it mean to be a European in post-referendum Britain? Why is European identity ignored in an identity-obsessed Britain? And why we should still have hope, all the same.  
I am also convinced that the way to come to solutions cannot be to send police for a referendum, even if it is problematic on a constitutional level. It is also not the best way to bring elected politicians in prison for these kinds of events.#Catalonia 
Brexit no deal will cost UK economy £252bn, new analysis shows  
I have seen the road to Brexit and it does not suit me.  
To @UKLabour/@Conservatives MPs: Enough of ‘respecting’ the narrow gerrymandered #Brexit vote, if you’re convinced any Brexit outcome will harm the country, say so and explain why to voters. It’s called leadership and doing what’s best for your constituents. 
George Soros: branded meddling foreigner for giving money to fight #Brexit -Reaction: l’ll give another £100kTomorrow’s Guardian  
The ultimate #brexit bookmark. Creativity on @AltNewsMedia - please RT and FOLLOW us! 
I live in central italy. I survived 3 earthquakes in 3 months, lost everything, and now live in a caravan. I'd still rather live here than #BrexitBritain. Brexit is more scary than earthquakes because of what it's doing to the British people.  
this is, I believe, a genuinely important piece from the never less than brilliant @PhilippeAuclair - on #Brexit and the “missing” 3m EU nationals 
My grandad came home after a stroke with orders not to smoke. His wife caught him:- Have you been smoking?- No!- Why is your chair on fire?- ... it was on fire when I sat in itTrue story.We are now at the "It was on fire when I sat in it" stage of Brexit. 
High-value manufacturers would suffer even if Britain signed trade deals with every non-EU country after a hard Brexit, research suggests  
Britons don't understand what Theresa May wants from Brexit:Overall plans for Brexit74% unclear17% clearTrade74% unclear15% clearImmigration75% unclear14% clearBorder82% unclear18% clearCustoms62% unclear22% clear 
For all Theresa May’s go-slow on Brexit policy, and the Government’s lack of legislative impetus, the @Conservatives poll ratings are at levels that David Cameron yearned for…and growth figures for the economy have been upgraded. 
This entrepreneur adds: "Brexit was about the little man standing up to this cronyist corporate bureaucratic world and saying, look, we've had enough. There's a different way...This is the greatest opportunity for Britain in a generation and we should seize it really positively"  
#Brussels chief @MichelBarnier would rather punish us instead of striking deals - and it's vital we make it clear we're ready to walk away without one! #NoDeal  #BBC #SKY #LBC @LBC @ConHome @CCHQPress @Conservatives #EU @daily_politics @bbclaurak #BREXIT 
The idea that the EU stopped Britain trading with the rest of the world was always nonsense. This analysis suggests Brexit will make it harder  
Planning policies that can halt the material conditions that led to Brexit rather than whinging cos your brand of middle of the road boring liberalism has lost its hegemony for the first time in a decade.  
A disorderly Brexit may see further cuts to Britain's credit rating, according to S&P  
We’re getting calls asking how people can support the referendum to remove the Eighth Amendment - one thing you can do is become a member of NWCI and support our campaign #everywoman  
Nationalism and xenophobia are the tools by which a ruthlessly cynical super-rich clique and its political lackeys are distracting people from the rapidly growing gap between the wealth of the 0.01% and everyone else.#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit #WATON 
Farage ranting about foreign billionaire "Soros" influencing Brexit on Fox news..... owned by foreign Billionaire Rupert Murdoch who literally helped Brexit happen  
#recap Andrew Neil skewers trade minister over Brexit and it’s brutal from start to finish  
#AwfullyBritishQuizShowsBrexit Countdown 
What happened to all the 'brexit will lead to a domino effect of other countries leaving the EU'-takes? Seems like forever since I saw that talking point that was everywhere for a while 
There was never any chance of a good #Brexit partly because it was all based on falsehood & false expectations & partly because A50 was invoked prematurely by both Govt & Opposition w/o any attempt at exercising due diligence. The only rational act now is to #StopBrexit. 
There are two reasons for this ridiculous @DanielJHannan statement 1. to whip up anti European sentiment & 2. to cover up the disaster that is #Brexit as somehow being "Europes fault".  
Tim Martin says that no businessmen have told him there would be a problem with a hard Brexit - and we could leave tomorrow. Yeah 'cos I'm sure all the leading business people nip into Wetherspoon to chat to a UKIP supporting drunken hillbilly 
Through all of this insanity, please remember that @eucopresident @EmmanuelMacron @EP_President @JunckerEU and a host of other EU leaders have all said UKGov can stop Brexit whenever it wants.It is our choice to continue. We don't have to do this.#FinalSayForALL 
GEORGE SOROS: My love for Britain is why I hate Brexit  via @MailOnline At last the Mail Group allow a different viewpoint from their British exceptionalist EUphobic line. Maybe they're learning some of the Brexiteer promises are looking a little hollow? 
The cost to our economy of leaving the #singlemarket & #customsunion, (8%GDP, according to the govt’s own figures) is enough to pay for:     - a million extra doctors      - 500,000 social homes or - our entire education system .#BrexitImpact #brexit 
Mrs Chernukhin previously paid £20,000 to dine with Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson in Edinburgh.What other money did Scottish Tories get from Russians -  DUP #brexit Slush fund?   
British farmer moves fruit-growing to China over Brexit uncertainty.One of the biggest growers in the UK says it cannot guarantee it will find enough fruit pickers available to work.Stop the #BrexitBadfellas & their #Brexitshambles. #StopBrexit.#FBPE 
Not so long ago our ancestors turned Italy into a fascist state through a populist referendum. I hope sincerely that the lesson you might want to learn from our history will help you avoid the same mistake. #A50challenge 
Never forget to remind Leavers that leading Brexiters including Farage, Redwood and Raab had no intention of respecting a narrow #Remain victory, and were making it clear that their side would be calling for a 2nd referendum if #Leave lost.#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit  
The people deserve to have a say on whether they think David Davis's #Brexit deal is better than EU membership. It is an important question for this country. Why shouldn't we hear the will of the people on that? #FBPE 
#BrexitBadfellasThe real reason for brexit#PanamaPapers#ParadisePapers 
Best For Britain is planning a massive media operation with the sole aim of overturning the referendum result and keeping Britain in the EU - but Liam Fox, Secretary of State for International Trade, says the facts tell a different story  
This is very good by Martin Howe QC chairman @lawyers4britain.  If you want the more in depth read, click on the link in the article. Remaining in the EU Customs Union after Brexit would be a political and economic disaster  via @BrexitCentral 
Together with @MichelleThomson  writing up our final report into #Brexit and Scottish Business. DM me your email address if you want a copy. 
Liking (in impact if not in content) the #BrexitBadfellas hashtag. Important to see who is behind brexit and what their motivations are. @GuitarMoog 
Greece is growing faster than Britain and is outperforming it in financial markets  
My love for Britain is why I hate Brexit Best For Britain seeks to break the logjam by bringing together all the various forces that are united by their aspiration for Britain to remain part of EuropeIt has my wholehearted supportArticle by George Soros 
Some people say "Brexit can't be stopped"I disagree but there is no doubt that it won't be easyIf enough people try hard enough to persuade others, there *could* be a 2nd referendum and it *could* be wonI think the group best placed to do this are @BestForBritain@eloisetodd 
.Newspapers are reporting that Theresa May will give a 'Road to Brexit' speech later this week.Here's a preview.#TheRoadToBrexit 
‘Just make it stop.’ @LibDems MP claims most Britons want #Brexit scrapped – 'We can do this.’@LaylaMoran nails it. 
Brexit is all about restoring our dignity. That is why we will, and we must, prevail. 
Brexiteer says that Brexit means "the Houses of Parliament won't be turned into posh flats" and the EU won't be telling us "when to stand up, and when to sit down" anymore.  
The Brexiters who put their money offshore; including Arron Banks, the Telegraph owning Barclay brothers and Rees-Mogg. Brexiters trying to buy themselves a #BrexitTaxHaven.#brexit #FBPE #StopBrexit 
Three-quarters of Britons have no idea what Theresa May wants from Brexit, new poll reveals  
Cringworthy appearance of Anna Soubry and Chuka Umunna today on the Andrew Marr show ... I can't wait until this whole thing is over and we no longer have to watch these two frauds on TV any more.#Brexit #Brexiteers 
Don't expect any favours from any Tory MP. Regardless of what they say, they are more terrified of socialism than they are of Brexit. They, and their donors, really don't want to relinquish power to the plebs. In fact, they couldn't care about us any less if they actually tried. 
Well done for saying what many of us have been thinking for months. You and @Anna_Soubry would make much better leaders of a new, kinder party. The country needs #Brexit Honesty  
As #LittleEngland drags Scotland into ‘splendid isolation’ Ireland integrates further with #EU buildng infrastructure for massive trade boom  England using #Brexit to  asphyxiate Scotland, and Scottish Labour&Scottish Tory willingly supplying the tourniquet 
There's IMO one good reason @UKLabour are so weak in polls right nowBrexit ambiguityEither they try to gain back left-leaning Brexiteers ot they try to gain back centre-leaning RemainersCan't have it both waysIt's a lose-lose game And Treeza stays 
AND here is the eloquent thoughts of the pro-EU, anti-British camp. Bugger the fishing & coastal rural communities and let's hope those bad Brexit voting oiks get stuffed by the remain minded political establishment so we can laugh and say we told you so..! #SaveBritainsFish 
Good to hear, Nick. Could you explain why Mr Mundell or Ms Davidson are not being "doorstepped" given their blatant refusal to discuss the catastrophic UK government figures for a post #Brexit Scottish economy? Thanks in advance.  
Don’t you understand the word DEMOCRACY? : Remoaner Soubry refuses to accept Brexit is definitely going to happen  
UKGov decides definitively that it's going to have policy on what it wants from Brexit.In 3 weeks time. A mere 20 months after the EURef (in which everyone apparently know what they were voting for), and 11 months after triggering Art50. And they probably won't anyway.  
British farmer moves fruit-growing to China over Brexit uncertainty 
Where the nationwide parties stand on #Brexit - via @AdamBernard_HA 
 WATCH: This morning I was a guest on @BBCOne for the @MarrShow - I was interviewed about #Brexit as well as the the crisis in funding local government services following the effective bankruptcy of Northamptonshire this week.  
Get off the fence on Brexit or risk serious damage, Britain's businesses tell Theresa May  
With you all the way Andrew...this is a fight for our Democracy..not just #Brexit! 
Who do you trust most with #Brexit? RT for bigger sample... 
There is No mandate for this government’s brexit.#STOPBrexit#A50Challenge 
Cutting back workers’ rights is considered in leaked Government Brexit impact assessment.Holiday pay and working hours could be at risk from #BrexitBadfellas.The best way to improve living standards is to #StopBrexit. 
The papers are claiming Boris Johnson is going to make a principled stand this month for Brexit. Support him in every way you can. Email him and tell him the people are behind him. Let´s put an end to ShariaMay. 
I wonder when Britain will get over the damage Brexit is causing  
Why would the people of the North East, or any region, let the #BrexitBadfellas do such appalling damage to them for their own selfish ends? Don't let yourself be used by them. Brexit can still be stopped. 
"I Won't Butt Out" - Soros Slams UK Democracy's "Fatal Error" On Brexit, Calls It "A Tragic Mistake"  
Does it not worry you a little bit, that 19 months after the referendum, you still don’t have any better argument than ‘you lost, get over it’? Surely ou should be able to give us chapter and verse of the brilliance of brexit by now? Why not? 
The Government has tried to hush up its own impact assessments.The leaked reports show the damage the #BrexitBadfellas could do - every region worse off after Brexit.Let’s take back control and #StopBrexit. 
Julia Hartley-Brewer - "The EU is basically happily going to do economic damage to its own member states and its own countrymen to punish us." #Brexit  
#BrexitBadfellas agree with Mr Galbraith. It’s all about money - theirs - and making more of it. Brexit is bad for Britain but good for them. Leaving the EU is just their excuse. Brexit will destroy our place in the world. Let’s spoil their plot & #StopBrexit #FBPE 
I think perhaps the biggest lie of Brexit is that the wealthy, powerful people promoting it are doing so in the interests of ordinary people. They aren't taking back control to give it to us, but to keep it for themselves. #BrexitBadfellas. 
Think #EuAntiTaxAvoidanceDirective & Brexit aren’t related?Then I've got a bridge to sell you -with clock tower/ clock (needs repair)near #HOC. pic-h/t @IamMardikins..& thks Thks to all for #BrexitBadFellas#Brexit-#TheRichGetPaidAndThePeopleGetPlayed 
Or will it just say.... ‘If the EU want flights, the EU can sort it, we’re eating cake, ya da ya da’ ?At what point does this government’s Brexit mandate expire? How bad do they need to be? How bad does it have to get?  
"I would like the decision to be that we walk away now, we talk to the World Trade Organisation and we get on with our lives." #Brexit  
Now we know what #Brexit means, and it isn’t what the north-east voted for, says @ChiOnwurah 
‘I won't butt out' George Soros blasts 'tragic mistake' Brexit in vow to REVERSE divorce  
Who is really driving #Brexit and what do they hope to gain personally? Some are shadowy and some better known but together they are the Bad Boys of Brexit#BrexitBadFellas 
People say “there must be an innovative technological solution to the Irish border problem”. I say “There is. Get a specially designed centralized government computer system and type in the word BREXIT, so that everyone can see it. Then you press DELETE 6 times. Then RETURN.” 
The aviation sector must be prioritised in #Brexit negotiations.  The Government must stop and take notice or there will be significant consequences for the UK, such as the increased cost of flying.  
Last week, three separate polls from three separate companies were published. They all told the same story. Support for Mrs May & the @Conservatives is increasing. Support for Corbyn & Labour is in decline. People just want the govt to get on with #Brexit. 
No reason for UK giving impression beggar at gate. May needs to pick up papers walk away until Barnier recognises reality #brexit 
By, “that lot”, David Davies means the 48% who voted against Brexit - “not worth replying to”.  
#EFTA may not be perfect but it would be less harmful than a walk-away, no-deal hard #Brexit and it should be considered as the best route for transition. Link here for info from Commons Library  
Soros ‘proud supporter’ of plans to scupper #Brexit  
Remember this?Brexit: British film and TV industries facing 'catastrophic' consequences of EU exit, lobby group warns  
British government declares WAR on Billionaire anti-Brexit donor Soros with huge ULTIMATUM  via @Your Brexit 
Emily Thornberry clarifies Labour’s latest Brexit position...  
The #BrexitBadfellas want Brexit at any cost - as long as that cost is borne by the many of us to benefit the few of them.@UKLabour @jeremycorbyn @Keir_Starmer @labourpress @Labour4EU @MumsnetTowers @AngieMeader @guyverhofstadt @LibDems @TheNewEuropean @CountyTimes @MetroUKNews 
We are members of hundreds of EU programmes and major projects related to science, atomic energy, crime, medicines, environment etc.. We influence their direction now. After Brexit, no influence and may not even remain part of these important orgs like Euratom, Europol. 
British farmer moves fruit-growing to China over Brexit uncertainty  
The majority of MPs from across the Commons just want to make sure the North East & the rest of the country for that matter, isn’t brought down by a fantasy hard #Brexit 
Cameron will be seen as the architect of austerity, the man who is responsible for a massive increase in poverty and homelessness, not to mention appalling neglect of public services and disengagement with the public.  Many will contend Brexit is the result. 
I am sorry to say that I am terminating my membership of @UKLabour. I cannot be a part of an organisation that values RW lies, whims, dogma & xenophobia above reason & decency, cherry picks democracy and knowingly harms its country’s economic & social fabric.#FinalSay#Brexit 
The entire Cabinet deserves the epithet of #BrexitBadfellas - #Brexit is demonstrably not in the national interest; it's an outrage they're going ahead with it based on a narrow majority in an advisory referendum  
So how does the voting on the Withdrawal Deal shape up?Remember the Government has now said that completed impact studies will inform the vote.No alignment hard/clean Brexit: no majority?High alignment soft Brexit: majority in Commons but not for Conservative MPs or members. 
Brexit uncertainty leads fruit company to move production out of uk. I could make some grand sweeping comment here. But what’s the point? This story tells it all.  
Conservatives and Labour are neck and neck in the polls. I wonder what the figures would be, and the Brexit majority, had the BBC been less biased and our schools and institutions less penetrated and indoctrinated with PC aka Marxist ideology? #Liberty 
In light of the new DExEU analysis, which #brexit do you think the Gvt should consider "the will of the people"? 
Talked to Leave voter @EK_EuropeanMove in Herne Bay he amicably trotted out #Brexit myths. Eventually I said we're not going to agree I think you probably read @MailOnline too much. He took umbridge & angrily said I don't read that rag, I read the @Daily_Express! Made me smile 
Brexit banks must choose their new EU bases by June, German official says  
George Soros 'proud' of donating £400,000 to anti-Brexit campaign  
In his spare time, for £180k a year, Hard Brexit fanatic @johnredwood MP advises the wealthy to take their money out of the UK. Thanks John, you're a true patriot.#BrexitBadfellas 
#NigelFarage: @georgesoros has spent billions in the #EU to undermine the #nationstate. This is where the real #international #political collusion is!  #BREXIT! #BestForBritain #BBC #SKY #LBC @LBC @ConHome @CCHQPress @Conservatives #UK #EloiseTodd #NEWS 
And even if it does bring them 5 years power, it'll be 5 years and 5 years only of wasted power, fighting the effects of Brexit rather than implementing their programme.  
Brexit is bad for UK science. Parliament's vote on the Brexit deal must include an option to remain in the EU. #FBPE 
Amidst growing concerns about the security of the post Brexit food chain and talk elsewhere of rationing, this letter in the Sunday Times from the NFU, Food and Drink Fed,British Retail Consortium and others. They’re worried. They want free and frictionless trade with EU #remain 
No money for nurses or the NHS. But a magic money tree for Virgin/Stagecoach, the DUP, Brexit… You’re ‘aving a larf, Mrs May 
Lord Digby Jones:"I’ve sat in meetings for over 20 years & watched French cheat, watched Spanish, Italians & Greeks cheat on #EU rules - the nerve of it!"They want to help Paris, Berlin & Frankfurt - so they punish us, knowing we will give in."#Brexit 
The government team in charge of Brexit thinks it’s going to harm the economy - meaning less money in our pockets, less for public services, and Britain weakened on the world stage. #isitworthit? 
The moll to the #BrexitBadfellasJoin the Twitterstorm now! Who are your Brexit gangsters? The perfect hashtag for @EUflagmafia surely?!@16MillionRising @_Britain4Europe @W_A_T_O_N @Harryslaststand @PJStringfellow @PimlicoPlumbers @BrexitBin @YEM_UK @nickreeves9876 @mrjamesob 
#BrexitBadFellas have been telling lies about the EU for years. The EU is a force for good. Brexit is a fraud built by crooks founded on lies. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Part of the cost of leaving the EU will be increased borrowing. #BrexitBadFellas don’t want you to know that Brexit will break Britain. This is only a fraction of the cost of this disaster. Let’s #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Today's Stop Brexit Twitterstorm is kicking off with hashtag #BrexitBadfellas!From 4 to 6 pm, name & shame your Brexit baddies - tag them all & their organisations!@haveigotnews @GdnPolitics @davidschneider @Andrew_Adonis @mrjamesob @MirrorPolitics @BBCBreaking @W_A_T_O_N @GMB 
Boris not impressed with May's "semi-single market"So our IN-OUT referendum now becomes a Hokey Cokey:I put my red lines in,I put my red lines out,In out, in out.shake it all about.#Brexit!#EU 
Everyone here is talking about “The Road to Brexit”.One of our more mature officials is talking about Chris Rea for some reason. 
Yay, taking back control  .... #oops  British farmer moves fruit-growing to China over Brexit uncertainty  
Paul,I have an university degree in macroeconomics and I am a pretty successfull businesman with factories all over Europe. I had to close two ones in UK after your Brexit decision (formerly profitable).Brexit will have very negative impact on UK. That is more than obvious! 
If #Brexit were to actually happen then the UK economy will be in ruins and the NHS will be privatised.@UKLabour is that really what you want want? 
Fishermen voted Brexit to protect livelihoods, but UK Gov's failing to take back control of UK waters & negotiate a good deal. Gov should have listened to fishermen & negotiated better deal inside EU long before the referendum!#RenewBritain #RethinkBrexit 
John McDonnell: Labour will push for a : general election over a second EU referendum:  
Fluffy has been missing since the Brexit impact reports were released. If found, please do not feed, he is meant to be on sanctions.  
Read this. MPs voting for Brexit are leaving families in unbearable uncertainty. We all benefit from EU citizenship guaranteeing our rights to live, love, work and retire across Europe.Let your MP know you want to protect EU citizens’ rights and #StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
Young people didn’t vote for Brexit and we’re going to stop it. Let’s hit 3100 followers by tonite friends!   
The guy who is running the investigation into “Russian interference” in the Brexit vote? Loves Soros, hates Brexit, and just blew a tonne of tax payer cash on a junket to D.C. >> @DamianCollins 
"Hold on, that's not what I voted for": In Britain, second thoughts about Brexit may yet prompt a fresh referendum. @_StephenCastle 
Please RT & Share! Brexit: Ask the Experts Prof. Michael Dougan & Colleagues #StopBrexit #ExitFromBrexit #FBPE #FinalSay #NoConfidence #BrexitReality #BrexitImpact @stratford4eu @stratrich @monkey__mark @DazPistol @acgrayling @Scientists4EU 
Environment Secretary @michaelgove hailed the figures as a taste of things to come. He told The Sun on Sunday: "Farmers, fishermen and our food producers are all helping to deliver a Brexit bonus – with more exports of British food and drink than ever."  
Leading cancer professor leaves UK - citing #Brexit fears Did YOU vote for this? What will it take for the #Brexiteers to stop their madness?I am a #cancersurvivor I owe my life to the #NHS and research that #EURATOM & guys like provide. #fbpe #waton 
This is exactly what is wrong with Labour’s approach. Even though it is 4 years away, Labour are focusing on a general election, which might bring them 5 years of power, rather than stopping Brexit, which will screw our country & economy for generations.  
[REPOST] #Brexit bill: MPs reject amendment to protect EU citizens in UK. Measure to force government to give all EU citizens living in Britain permanent residency defeated 332-290.  
It's a year to the day since I created this Twitter account dedicated solely to quality news and analysis of Brexit developments. Many thanks to all who follow, and/or who read my blog with my own Brexit analysis at  
Many people voted Brexit because they've been repeatedly screwed over by the system. I get that. And it MUST be dealt with. But to argue that "It's not like things can get worse" as a reason to keep supporting Brexit...There are countries in this world that would disagree... 
“What the public want is, they want the vision. They want some meat on the bones, and that’s what they’re going to get,” says @PennyMordaunt on @theresa_may upcoming #Brexit speech! We hope you are right Penny for the sake of the @Conservatives existence! 
The Swiss government disregarded the result of a referendum on EU immigration after it decided the result was illegitimate. Take it from the Swiss: the Brexit referendum wasn't legitimate.  
I'm sick & tired of hearing about trade & money, while the human impact of brexit is ignored. We cannot accept this! Write to your MP again & again. Write to the Lords, too. It is not fine, it wasn't fine & it will never be fine! #FinalSayForALL #WeAreTheOppositionNow 
Chukka says in one breath #Brexit is bigger than party politics and then in another, that he can’t see Labour MPs voting on the final deal in the same lobby as Tory MPs Remain MPs are contrary and incoherent - a deliberate tactic - they confuse in order to deceive  
#AnnaSoubry & #ChukaUmunna on #Marr demanding the #PM kowtow to their demands by adopting a #Norway-style #Brexit, which would see the #UK become a vassal state. Here's Norway's #PM on why that would be a disaster for #Britain:  #BREXIT #BBC #SKY #LBC #TORY 
Theresa May is to set out the “road to Brexit.” Spoiler:  
From the #Marr show this morning. Things are becoming clearer. #Brexit is not inevitable   
If you haven’t already, you should read this article by @georgesoros It’s as good an explanation for opposing #Brexit as you’ll find.UK should listen to its friends who have our best interests at heart.#ExitfromBrexit via @MailOnline 
Corbyn repeatedly makes a mockery of @Keir_Starmer's 2nd test by saying Britain must leave the SM. There is no way we can do that and pass the 2nd test. If Corbyn doesn't take Starmer's tests seriously why should anyone else!#StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON #Brexit pic.twitter.com/vsGY549wvw 
TEHRAN- Rouhani suggests sorting out "our differences" through the ballot box, even by holding a referendum.A referendum on dissolution of Islamic Republic & restoration of national sovereignty would be a good idea. Problem is no one trusts elections held under present regime. 
Us not so young people didn’t vote for Brexit either and we won’t let the Tories hi jack our children’s future. #StopBrexit 
Remainers 'Misconceptions' on Brexit, CFP & Fisheries! The evidence the CFPs been disastrous is the empty harbours & run down high streets around our coastal communities. We can rebuild to be equal to Norway @michaelgove @KateHoeyMP @OwenPaterson @BrexitCentral @LeaveEUOfficial 
George Soros is right: 'Brexit has rendered the two-party system outdated. The old distinction between Left and Right is overshadowed by being either pro- or anti-European.'  
Anna Soubry and Chuka Umunna say MPs could block hard Brexit  
February 2018: Mundell refuses to be interviewed over Brexit impact analysis papers by ScotGov and UKgov.  
I wrote a version of this recently, following insinuations that BoE forecast updates made the Brexit stuff look all fuzzy.   
Any (book) recommendations for a good clear-eyed history of the British Empire? I'm increasingly convinced that the national psychological repression of the horrors and truths of this time loom large behind Brexit. Need to educate myself 
Later this month, MPs will debate #Brexit amendments relating to trade. We know we can influence & embolden them, so pls write to a couple of MPs & RT this with a few tagged! #BackBenchBackBone #StopBrexit #WATON #FBPE #PCPEU @fish_in_a_hat @CommonsEUexit @LordsEUCom @MarrShow 
The Referendum:1. Wasn’t a General Election but a lifetime’s imposition.2. 17.4 million took a decision affecting an electorate of 46.49 m or 37.4%3. 62.6% of the electorate DID NOT VOTE TO LEAVEUse this as a template In realising why a lot of remainers feel angry. #Brexit 
On Tuesday this week @The3Million EU citizens in the UK and 1.2m @BritishInEurope will have been #600DaysInLimbo, together with their families, partners, friends and colleagues.This is totally unacceptable and inhumane.Please guarantee our #citizensrights. Now!#Brexit #FBPE 
Labour MPs to get another chance to abstain on Brexit. Whoop de doop.  
I’m @LibDems member but if @UKLabour came out against Brexit, I would lend you my vote and then worry about UK politics later. #StopBrexit is 1-10 on the top 10 things we need to do right now and voting for the party that opposes it sends the clear message we are against it 
Ireland’s pro-lifers could still win the abortion referendum against all odds, says @DavQuinn 
Damian Collins: Britain’s Russian Inquiry Chief is a Hardline Remainer, Quoted Soros, Spread Govt Fake News Over Brexit  
John McDonnell: 'Better a general election than a second Brexit referendum' – video  
“Brexit has drained the life from the British machinery of government. It is now utterly dysfunctional, unable to focus on, let alone deal with, any issue unrelated to leaving the EU. And that’s not exactly going well either.”   
So, the EU are worried that a soft Irish border will create a situation where EU citizens can walk across into 'tax haven' UK and buy goods without the external tariff applied, thus undermining the 'Single Market'Oh well #Brexit #Irexit 
Thx @Labour4EU @KentConsIN @LibDems @kentgreenparty @ct4europe @HughRiddle2 @mazzorbo for supporting @EK_EuropeanMove today in Herne Bay freezing wind but lots of signatures & conversations on #Brexit @JohnHowarth1958 @catherinemep @GreenKeithMEP @RichardAshMEP @KentishGazette 
“My love for Britain is why I hate Brexit.”George Soros is right on this. We need to #StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
#BestForBritain? @georgesoros Missionaries have Bragged About Toppling #Governments in #Europe, #Africa, and the #MiddleEast!  #BBC #SKY #LBC @LBC @ConHome @Conservatives #UK #EU @eloisetodd #GeorgeSoros #EloiseTodd #BREXIT 
I don't mind Soubry & Co voicing their own opinions on Brexit I do object however when they claim to speak for the majority of British people which they clearly do not..... 
British farmer moves fruit-growing to China over Brexit uncertainty  
‘I won't butt out' George Soros blasts 'tragic mistake' Brexit in vow to REVERSE divorce  
Locke 2nd Treatise: the ‘utmost power’ of government ‘is limited to the public good of society.’ It’s not entitled to use its powers to do harm. Brexit threatens major harm to the economy, citizens’ rights, & the future of the young. By Locke’s reasoning the gov is ultra vires. 
Please lawd, get us over the line with #Brexit, so I don't have to hear the irrelevance of Anna Soubry on my TV any more.Obscurity & anonimity suited her well before, let her return to it.#BrexitPrayer 
R4 World This Weekend now basically running propaganda scripts for Brexit blockers. BBC relentless bias against Brexit is shocking. 
This is why we need, Nigel Farage to lead us out of Brexit. For all he says about taking a back seat, you should have heared him arguing, with a REMOANER on his show on LBC today. The passion is there, the belief is there, showed more fight in 5 mins than the rest do altogether. 
The secretary of state for Scotland has been criticised for his deafening silence over the leaked Brexit papers. David Mundell has questions to answer after Whitehall's analysis suggested a no-deal Brexit scenario would hit Scottish economic growth by 9%.  
We young people are determined to stop Brexit  
Nope. Brexit makes their manifesto undeliverable. Spending billions to lose billions. It's an act of unbelievable selfishness and self harm. The only way to fund our nhs and achieve a fairer society is to stop Brexit. To do that, I must vote for a party that opposes it. 
#Diplomats of other #MemberStates are deeply concerned about the #EU's #Brexit bullying tactics with one commenting: "Could anyone accept these terms? If I was #Britain I would be tempted to say no walk away and then see how the EU does without the money." 
Anyone who claims to be socialist and is anti EU,- is following an ultra right agenda, whether knowingly or unknowingly. Brexit is a TORY ultra right affair, which is in keeping with all other far right parties in existence across the EU. 
BRITAIN SHOULD ‘WALK AWAY AND SEE HOW EU DOES WITHOUT THE MONEY’It’s time to stop bowing down to Brussels and go for a clean Brexit in 2019!                     #fo2eu  
PM and ministers to set out 'road to Brexit'  
All of British business now needs to turn Brexit to our collective national advantage  via @BrexitCentral 
While we’re talking about the Irish border, here’s the @BestForBritain view. No form of Brexit works for this; we need to stay and lead in Europe, and keep peace and prosperity in NI and Ireland   
Watching Japanese manufacturers trying to warn the UK government about Brexit is like watching someone trying to convince their drunk friend not to drive home.Neither of them will listen, and it will end in a car crash.#FBPE 
Norway’s Prime Minister says that the 'Norway model' post-Brexit, would mean that “Brussels decides and the Brits don’t have a say”  
Brexit: yet another bogus establishment stick to beat Corbyn with... just in case the IRA, Hamas & anti-Semitism smears don't quite make you recoil from the real threat he poses... that of reducing their wealth & power & creating a fairer society. 
I missed this excellent, robust interview by @BBCGaryR on Friday with @stephenkerrMP re Tories unbelievable defence of leaked document showing likely Brexit-related damage to Scots economy. Well worth a listen.  
EP’s chief Brexit negotiator Verhofstadt’s rant in an empty European Parliament  
Accurate analysis today from @andrewrawnsley who is right to urge MPs to seize the moment, put the country first and work together to avoid a damaging #Brexit, starting in a few weeks with the #CustomsUnion amendments we’ve tabled 
Appeaser May Considers Plan Keeping UK Partially in Single Market After Brexit  
One of our favourite things to happen this week? May finally admitting the UK benefits from EU trade deals and wants to be treated as an EU member country during the transition period. Brexit clearly does not mean Brexit. 
Social media firms must tell users exposed to Brexit propaganda, MP says  
Ministers plan "road to #Brexit" speeches. Different roads. @PhilipHammondUK stuck in driveway. @michaelgove tampering with Hammond's brakes. @BorisJohnson boozing with @Nigel_Farage before setting off. @theresa_may satnav broken. #ExitFromBrexit #FBPE 
After reports Northern Ireland will remain in single market post-Brexit, Nicola Sturgeon demands same deal for Scotland. Fair. Maj of Scots voted remain yet their fates are dictated by failing Tory negotiations. Ridiculous. We must #RenewBritain. Join us. 
If Scotland is so heavily subsidised, whey are they so opposed to a referendum and getting shot of that burden especially when it's becoming clearer that Brexit will be a financial disaster. This is not about Scotland, it's about England as an Empire and what they can steal  
Soubry - The most important thing is we put our country's interest 1st & foremost.. it's the people of this country that will stop #brexitUmunna - There is no majority in The Commons to just jump off a cliff... ideology is getting put before the national interest#FBPE #marr 
Theresa May is set to hammer out her “no say, no pay” warning as she gives her clearest vision yet of life outside the EU, in a major speech dubbed “Road to Brexit”  
Brexiters confronted with evidence of the crumbling catastrofuck that is Brexit. pic.twitter.com/LqnHsvHXRj 
Scottish secretary David Mundell slammed by SNP for 'deafening silence' over leaked Brexit analysis  
MPs could block Theresa May's Brexit plan - Anna Soubry  
Julia Hartley-Brewer:“There is a major issue believing everything EU says is the word of God & everything else is being politicised."“EU is basically happily doing economic damage to its own member states & its own countrymen to punish us.”#Brexit #EU 
Japanese car firms have a duty to their shareholders. If those shareholders say "get out of Brexit Britain and relocate to the EU", then that's what they'll do.#FBPE 
Brexit negotiations latest:"Do you expect me to talk?""No Mr Johnson, I expect you to comply."  
I'm sick of hearing this "we the 48%". I was part of the 48% too, I don't want to Stop Brexit, I understood my vote was worth just as much as the next persons. What's more, I don't need Juncker, Verhofstadt or any politician to give me permission to be European, I am European. 
One of Cameron's advisers makes it perfectly clear - The main reason for excluding 16-17 years from the #Brexit vote was to appease the Tory right. A gerrymandered electorate in an advisory referendum mis-sold as mandatory. No Mandate for #Brexit!#StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON 
Eloquent and sensible as ever: Soros in his own words on Brexit and Europe  via @MailOnline 
.@IanBlackfordMP has written to David Mundell criticising his "deafening silence" over the UKGov's leaked Brexit papers, which shows that a no-deal Brexit would hit Scottish economic growth by 9%  
I know people who would have voted #brexit but weren't allowed to because they had spent the last 20 yrs indiscriminately living in another Member State whilst thinking it was an inherent right of their britishness that should in no case be reciprocated. How fucked up is that. 
George Soros 'proud' of donating £400,000 to anti-Brexit campaign  
#bbcsp how can Lord Adonis say @scotgov has gone awol when u are interviewing @HumzaYousaf I’ll tell u who has gone AWOL. Scottish secretary @DavidMundellDCT gone into hiding due to devastating #Brexit figures. @BBCScotlandNews are a joke and create fake news! 
Ministers to set out “road to Brexit” in series of speeches. Probably a series of different roads to different Brexits. Hammond doesn’t want to leave his driveway. Boris will have too many pints with Nigel before setting out. Theresa May’s sat nav has broken down. #ExitfromBrexit 
John McDonell: "We won't take membership of the Customs Union off the table yet."Peston: "When will you?"McDonell: "Never, so long as we can pretend to the remainers that we're going to stop Brexit and pretend to the leavers that we'll honour the referendum." #Brexit  
Labour supporters talk about wanting a revolution in British politics.Well so do I.An open revolution. An ethical revolution. A scientific revolution. An environmental revolution.A Green revolution.And that doesn't begin with a tactical vote for Brexit Labour. 
"The pressure to move to the extreme means they regard even modest concessions as crime" Me in the Observer on the greed of the Brexit right  
.@SeemaMalhotra1 asks @DanielJHannan about trade after #Brexit. "This idea that we are defined by our geography is a very old fashioned/18th century way of looking at trade" responds @DanielJHannan"Geographical proximity has never mattered less" #bbcsp 
The state of this, and the state we're in. An MP putting his fingers in his ears at purely factual evidence presented by  leading (and not particularly anti-brexit) expert @AllieRenison. 
Corbyn and McDonnell Labour are actually the centrists in the Brexit debate on one side is the rabid Tory Zombie economists on the other the EUextremists and the libfibs 
Not Hard Brexit or Soft BrexitJust a Clean Brexit!Wave goodbye on 29/3/19.Wish them well and rejoin the Big Wide World free of their pernicious bullying paranoid influence.No regrets.Viva Brexit! 
A year on a reminder.....Scotland has alternatives to #BrexitChaos ‘EU's chief Brexit negotiator says Scotland gets automatic re-entry to EU.’   
Brexit deprives Scotland of EU protections we have enjoyed for nearly a quarter of a century: The right of free movement and residence in the EU.Protection from discrimination on grounds of nationality or religion.The right to live in a clean environment. 
Seema Malhotra on #bbcsp uses the Labour euphemism "I respect the Brexit decision" and THEN says we must stay in the EU institutions. *Sighs* 
A Downing Street source said: “Brexit is a defining moment in the history of our nation. We will be forging an ambitious new partnership with Europe and charting our own way in the world to become a truly global, free-trading nation.”  
Tory donors are right to call for clear leadership from Theresa May in favour of a FULL Brexit. 
Another brilliant job by the Sunday Times design team this morning to illustrate my piece on the latest cabinet Brexit machinations. Note the PM’s kitten heels...  
Reality is Brexit allows us to trade with other nations in a way we have not been capable of doing as yet in this technological age. Looking at IMF figures for world economies next year is reason for hope when you consider Commonwealth economy is due to overtake the EU economy. 
John McDonnell: "Another referendum would divide the country again, and opening up right-wing xenophobia which we saw in the last referendum.""Better if we have another General Election." #PCPEU #FBPE 
As it stands, Brexit is going to make the anger worse in the places that were already angry, the resentment worse, the need to find scapegoats worse. 
'We young people are determined to stop Brexit'  
Britain’s sad circular journey: from empire to Efta to EU to Brexit.A glance at Britain’s history with Europe reveals that, then as now, we are worse off outside a union than we are inside it.It’s why we need to #StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
Chuka Umunna - We won't be forgiven by future generations if we play party politics with #brexitAnna Soubry - We are absolutely united on Brexit... we are putting our country and constituents 1st & British business also needs to speak up...#StopBrexit #FBPE #marr #bbcsp 
No one should be surprised - Tory #Brexit agenda is in part the fulfilment of  a long running campaign against social protections & human rights : Official document raises prospect of tampering with workers' rights to boost economy | The Independent  
Andrew Marr at his impartial best here, whispering to Brexit’s Penny Mordaunt: “That was very good” #marr 
How about funding the money you owe to abuse victims instead? Also, what's to stop any of this money from being used in the referendum if raised early?  
Slowly, the penny is dropping. But as many realize that Brexit fantasies will never come true, they resurrect some ancient conspiracy theories to explain why not  
Asked if Labour will rule out a second Brexit referendum, @johnmcdonnellMP insists he would prefer to fight a general election.  
What satire? #Cleverbollocks word salad devoid of substance from “Britain’s most consistently critically acclaimed standup comedian” (who apparently thinks that’s something to brag about). I don’t think he likes #Brexit. Or anything else.  
Anna Soubry and Chuka Umunna on #Marr putting party politics aside to put the interest of our great country first.Against all the pro-#Brexit media and commentators (aka Bullies) there are politicians prepared to stand-up and speak-up. Well done to all you sensible MPs. 
Apparently Boris Johnson will make a speech this week making the case for a ‘liberal Brexit’ designed to reassure #Remain voters. Are we reassured, #Remainers? #ExitFromBrexit 
I imagine other countries watch Brexit the way the sober person at a party might watch the guy who's been bragging all night that he can down a pint of vodka in one. 
"Brexit is an absolute disaster. Brexit and the Good Friday Agreement are mutually incompatible" says Sinn Fein leader @MaryLouMcDonald #Paterson 
Watch the Euro pincer movement, Remoaners make Brexit look difficult and impossible, weaken an already weak government and frighten the people, so as to encourage the EU to take an ever tougher line and force us to give up. Geniusical! Schlieffen lives. 
Brexit amazes me for:1. How it became a cult;2. How the politicians supporting it are only chasing a come back to the serfdom;3. How educational system in the UK failure since ever4. How racist British people are;5. How ignorance has been considered a virtue; 
So, @Theresa_May says she'll explain Brexit plan "within 3 weeks". Meanwhile the vast majority of Grenfell survivors who were promised new homes "within 3 weeks" are still homeless. Don't hold your breath.  
I do not like or respect either. They are deliberately trying to overturn the results of a referendum before it is even implemented. They are the enemies of democracy and the sovereign people of Britain. 
Parliament is not a bystander in the Brexit process, and will not give government a blank cheque. We will get a meaningful vote, and MPs across parties are willing to vote against the government if the deal is against the interests of our constituents.  
Dear RemoanersWe listened to the #ProjectFear bullshitWe read the taxpayer funded pro-EU leafletWe had EU propaganda forced down our throats by the media, institutions & establishmentThen we voted for #BrexitThat’s it. Stop whining & get behind BritainNot the EU pic.twitter.com/cIG1m3gvFv 
May says she will have sorted her Brexit policy in three weeks time! Whaaaaat!!!!! Nearly two years on from the referendum and SHE HAS NO POLICY!!!! We are governed by total incompetents! And just to think her incompetence goes unchallenged by #Labour We are in a madhouse! 
Alistair Campbell still wants to destroy the current leadership in Labour.  How many referendums does Alistair want before it is the right decision? Do you do best of 3?  Surely we have to find a way to make Brexit right for UK which is what Labour leadership are doing.  
There are three people in this photo from the #Marr green room with whom I passionately disagree on the biggest political issue of our time, Brexit. But they’re good people. We can disagree without needing to abuse each other. Twitter trolls, take note.  
John McDonnell just tried to explain away his party’s #Brexit fence sitting by saying Labour are trying to ‘build consensus’!You are either in or out John. Pick a position before your support slips even more...  
John McDonnell pitiful on : no further referendum on Brexit madness, but he’d like a general election when they can fudge it again. 
I like & respect Chuka & Anna, and I know they genuinely believe their fight against Brexit is for the public good. But the reason why we ALL get a vote is precisely to stop the powerful deciding what’s best for us on our behalf. The people have spoken on Brexit. Listen to them.  
WATCH: Our letter with @laboursinglemkt, signed by 30 Labour MPs, which calls for a dedicated Policy Commission on Brexit, was mentioned on #Marr. On the biggest issue facing our country, Labour Party members & voters deserve to have their input. Please RT: 
Here’s @KateHoeyMP trumpeting potential positive effect of #brexit on the one industry - fishing - that „may“ benefit from leaving the EU - it’s less than 0.5% the economy. From the brexit impact assessment she claims is rubbish & not credible for all the other economic sectors.  
Diplomats of other Member States are deeply concerned about the EU's Brexit bullying tactics with one commenting:"Could anyone accept these terms? If I was Britain I would be tempted to say no - walk away and then see how the EU does without the money." 
Excellent to see @ChukaUmunna and @Anna_Soubry working together. There's a real risk for May & Corbyn that MPs working to put national interest first on #Brexit discover they have much more in common with each other (& with @libdems) than with their own party leaders. 
As usual, no place for 3rd largest Westminster party, which is also Scotland’s most popular party. Yet UKIP’s Henry Bolton given air time, even though he admitted UKIP are ‘not on the field’ in the Brexit debate. Honestly, what is the point of the BBC? #Marr 
 asks @johnmcdonnellMP, what is the difference between "the" customs union and "a" post-Brexit customs union that @UKLabour think could work? 
Why is @johnmcdonnellMP digging further in the ‘a’ or ‘the’ customs union debate. ‘A’ customs union is fanciful and therefore the Labour leadership as midwife to a hard Brexit. The only way of having a ‘jobs first Brexit’ is in THE single market and customs union 
Things you won't learn from BBC News #17Brexit has cost the UK a high-tech contract to run part of the Galileo satellite.I've searched the BBC. No sign.EU relocates Galileo satellite system installation from UK to Spain because of Brexit  
I know people mock some Brexit-supporting MPs, but it’s good to see them engaging constructively in complex debates on Twitter.  
Unsurprising that only 3% know what @Theresa_May’s plan for Brexit is. What do you want to hear from her? #FarageOnLBC 
17 reasons why we should love Brexit  
Remain-supporting MPs @ChukaUmunna and @Anna_Soubry put party differences aside to talk about Brexit on #Marr. 
The brilliant @Anna_Soubry and @ChukaUmunna this morning on #marr, explaining why they are putting the national interest rather than narrow party interests first when it comes to Brexit.  
Another great Brexit bonus from the party of business (Sunday Times)  
DENIAL: Arch-Remoaner Anna Soubry refuses to accept Brexit is definitely going to happen.What is it about democracy that these Europhile MPs don't understand? 
I find it difficult to believe some in the media take these latest economic forecasts for 15 years outside the EU seriously. They have all the hallmarks of the approach that the Treasury used to get the short term forecast for the aftermath of a Brexit vote so hopelessly wrong. 
.@GwynneMP says Labour have "quite a coherent position" on #Brexit. He says Labour wants a transitional period that accepts being part of the single market and customs union, which will act as a "bridge" to the new relationship we will have with the EU post #Brexit #marr 
It seems Chuka Umunna has found his voice on Brexit, shame he didn't find it during #EURef. No motivation then perhaps? #Marr  #bbcsp 
Andrew Gwynne (@GwynneMP) on #Marr this morning once again highlighting @UKLabour #Brexit policy is non existent. @jeremycorbyn said that we will come out of the Customs Union and Single Market, here he says that may not be the case. 
Parliament is sovereign. @Anna_Soubry and @ChukaUmunna argue persuasively that MPs must put Country and constituencies first in fighting hard Brexit #Marr 
"We won't stop Brexit, it is the people who will" @Anna_Soubry and @ChukaUmunna discuss #Brexit on #marr 
Hearing the usual #Brexit argument on #marr that we can't have our cake and eat it. There is literally no point to cake if it can't be eaten. 
Anna Soubry and Chuka Umunna on #Marr demanding the Prime Minister kowtow to their demands by adopting a Norway-style Brexit, which would see the UK become a vassal state.Here's Norway's Prime Minister on why that would be a disaster for Britain:  
"The EU is not a benign institution. It exists to limit democracy, it has crushed its poorest states and is now trying to make an example of Britain." #Brexit  
#Marr@Anna_Soubry  & @ChukaUmunna want to overthrow the biggest democratic vote in the history of this great country.They think they know better than us plebsIt is this type of arrogance that brought about the #Brexit vote in 2016Let's stop the dithering & delay & get #OUTNOW 
I don't bother watching Marr any more: we spread BBC Brexit propaganda still further when we all bother to get outraged about here.  
So much harm is done by the journalistic scourge of False Balance - where a scientist giving evidence that the Earth is round is “balanced” by some loon shouting, “heretic!!”.See also, Climate Change and Brexit. 
.@ChukaUmunna & @Anna_Soubry - clear on #Marr: all options must remain on the table. National interest above party interest. #Brexit the biggest issue of our generation. 
Chuka and Soubry just can’t (or won’t ) understand that people voted for Brexit despite the difficulties and risks. It was an instruction to the politicians to overcome those things rather than spend 18 months arguing that it can’t be done #Marr 
To be absolutely clear the idea of a 'no-deal' #Brexit is throwing the rights of @The3Million EU citizens in UK & 1.2m @BritishInEurope under the red Brexit bus as the House of Lords committee report rightly highlights.  
When listening to Anna Soubry, do remember this is how her constituents voted in the Referendum. #Marr 
Excellent letter in @thesundaytimes from UK food supply chain collectively highlighting the importance of securing a brexit deal that safeguards the future of the UK food industry. Follows on from an excellent meeting by @NFUtweets @nvonwestenholz @NFUCymru 
.@JuliaHB1 on #Marr this morning taking to @AndrewMarr9 about the #UK press not reporting on the major splits in the #EU over #Brexit and alluding to the @BBC bias. Julia also points out that the EU will cause damage to themselves if they carry out their threats. 
May now setting a deadline of three weeks' time for settling on a Brexit policy. Take your time mate. There's no rush.  
WALKOUT: Britain should walk away and see how Brussels does without the money, says an EU diplomat.It's time to stop bowing down to Brussels. The UK needs a full, clean Brexit in 2019. 
All we now have to protect us from this ultra-right government and Brexit is the law: I hope our judges will remain as strong as our two principal political leaders have remained weak  
The EU’s chief Brexit negotiator has “fractured” the coalition of 27 countries by dramatically stepping up his aggression towards Britain, the Telegraph has been told  
GEORGE SOROS: My love for Britain is why I hate Brexit  
Brexit presents a golden opportunity to grow the UK's value-added manufacturing and exports while reducing our overweighting towards services, writes British exporter Christopher Nieper  
A reminder of Labour's 6 tests to support any Brexit deal.Labour would 'Vote Against' a Brexit Deal that Failed to meet its 6 Tests.#Marr #PCPEU #FBPE #WATON   
Young want to stop Brexit and we can help. Alastair Campbell on how the youth need to raise their voices and speak out against Brexit.  
In today's Brexit Briefing: Michel Barnier is risking a UK walkout, EU states fear | Theresa May prepares to unveil her ‘Road Map for Brexit’ | Prime Minister ‘ready to withhold EU cash’ | EU environment plan ‘putting 20,000 defence jobs at risk’  
Here’s what Brexit  “means”. It means leaving the EU and its every institution and asserting British sovereignty.  
This is a massive story Finally the EU insisting that decisions be taken on Ireland“It’s important to tell the truth,” says BarnierIf we get to the truth soon, the British public will be able to take a position on the reality of Brexit  
Kezia Dugdale: I quit as Scottish #Labour leader over Corbyn's #Brexit stance | #StopBrexit #BrexitShambles #2ndEURef 
A swarm of Tory Hard-Brexit ministers are pushing Theresa May for the most extreme forms of Brexit. Theresa Villiers, David Gauke and Penny Mordaunt are preaching their selfish messages on the Sunday morning politics shows. We need to boot them out of government #Marr  
Pretty direct and lucid attack on government's confiused approach to Brexit from @MarcusFysh 
David Mundell criticised over 'deafening silence' on Brexit papers leak  
They need our trade we don’t need their corrupt Political Union! It would be foolish to alienate this country Post Brexit  
"If #Brexit Makes us slightly less rich, so be it" The arrogance of wealthy Ambrose Evans-Pritchatd saying he wants to increase austerity for the many. But finally an honest Brexiter. I'm very sad @UKLabour supports this too. @EK_EuropeanMove @Labour4EU @uk_karen @labour4europe 
It's Sunday so...1. Wake up slowly2. Have a nice cup of tea3. Don't forget to click here to email the Labour and change the Brexit debate Thanks all x 
Scottish secretary David Mundell is slammed by SNP for 'deafening silence' over leaked Brexit analysis  
A few such immature reactions from labour members / supporters last night who would rather Scotland was devastated by a Tory #Brexit  than engage sensibly with nationalists in any attempt to avoid it.   The depth of their narrow tribalism is their core problem  
A reminder to all EU citizens resident in UK that you CAN vote in local elections in England on 1 May. This is a chance to send a #StopBrexit message with a #ABTV (anti-Brexit tactical vote)PLEASE RETWEET@The3Million #IamEuropean #FBPE #citizensrights 
Exclusive: A senior member of Irish government said Brexit talks “could collapse at any moment” over the border issue in a private meeting with a prominent MP this month  
Incredible as it may seem, the Spanish police, which despite the use of brutal violence against a pacific people was unable to stop the Catalan referendum on 1 Oct, are acclaimed as heroes in Spain. 
I’m sorry if our “preoccupation” with the leader of the opposition’s stance on the most important issue facing our country in 50 years,  is disrespectful to your glorious leader, but the gov’s own analysis shows the Brexit he supports will destroy the NHS & the lives of the poor.  
‘Theresa May is to set out her vision for Britain beyond Brexit.’ So Nigel Farage has agreed to give his next speech as Prime Minister, on why we have ‘no choice’ but to commit national economic self mutilation. 
You don’t negotiate by making speeches.  Negotiation is a two way process.   You negotiate by negotiating.......PM and ministers to set out 'road to Brexit' - BBC News  
Justice Minister David Gauke, following in the footsteps of his fellow Tory Hard Brexiters, has been funding the Hard Brexit lobby group "Europoean Research Group" then claiming it back on expenses #StopBrexit #Marr  #Paterson 
"Idiot's Guide to Benefits of Single Mkt" - Shocking #Brexit Facts4EU report showing avg UK economic growth rate has FALLEN in 25 yrs of Single Mkt.  EXCLUSIVE STORY:  
Abe shoots for earlier-than-expected referendum on constitution  
Britain’s sad circular journey: from empire to Efta to Brussels to Brexit  
I give you one of the first printed maps of Europe c.1550 from Munster's Geographia showing England alone, turned upside down, and at the bottom.#Brexit  
The Brexit ‘war cabinet’. That phrase says it all about May’s attitude to Europe and the EU. Dangerous, inappropriate and utterly pathetic. The only ‘war’ is the one raging within Tory ranks. Damn them all. 
Soros once again seeks to undermine a national democracy, asserting contemptuously that "Allowing a referendum on membership was a fatal error." In his eyes, his billions make his opinions more important than that of 17.4m voters.  via @MailOnline 
Some British politicians want a second Brexit referendum. And voters might want one too.  
PM and ministers to set out 'road to Brexit'-BBC. This news is 2 hours old as I write it. That’s disgraceful. It should be 2 years old. This should have been figured out before the referendum was called.   
Why George Soros is proud to support @BestForBritain, exclusive in today’s Mail on SundayGEORGE SOROS: My love for Britain is why I hate Brexit  via @MailOnline 
"It's time for Brexit? Brexit?  Brexit?  For goodness sake, it's too early to start talking about Brexit.  We've all had Brexit up to here.  Shut up about Brexit.""I didn't say 'Brexit'.  I said, 'It's time for breakfast'.""Oh. Sorry." 
Britain has been the sick man of Europe since the Brexit vote. Guess who's in roaring health?  via @BV 
Letter in today’s Sunday Times on the need for a good deal for farming.“A Brexit that fails to champion the UK food chain will be bad for the country’s landscape, the economy and our society.”  
The Tory poll lead explained:1. 40% of people will never vote for a party led by someone who hates the West.2. People are noticing the far left has taken over Labour.3. The Labour leadership’s support for Brexit has finally been clocked.Put that together & the Tories win. 
My love for Britain, freedom & democracy is why I hate Brexit - excellent piece by Goerge Soros, hitting back at his critics  
BBC News - PM and ministers to set out 'road to Brexit'  how many times can you write this headline? A proper news organisation would say 'Ministers failed once more to agree a Brexit strategy after two days meeting' Stop apeing Brextremist media 
Germany, a member of the EU, overtakes China as world's richest exporter. Prove that we need to leave the EU to trade with world is a Brexit lie. Wake up Britain!  
Important paper on solutions to Irish border post-Brexit from the European Parliament.   
Nailed it...#BrexitShambles #Brexit #ToriesOut 
"#Brexit was not about the economic argument, wether we will be slightly richer or slightly poorer... It was a massive leap of faith by the British people."That's the thing about faith...It's often blind And stupid.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
PM and ministers to set out 'road to Brexit'  
British Press 2/8/2018 "George Soros, the man who 'broke the Bank of England', backing secret plot to thwart #Brexit"NYT 2/10/2018 "As Britain Stumbles Over ‘Brexit,’ Support Grows for 2nd Vote" NOT ONE WORD ABOUT SOROS 
Europe's leading the world in growth, productivity & job creation after the euro gained 14.2% last year, the most among 16 major currencies the strongest appreciation since 2003, Greece is the biggest beneficiary and Britain is the new sick man of Europe. 
That’s it????I ask you for specifics not slogans and you reply, it’s great because it’s quoting Shelley. Labour are doing well (they’re 4pts behind worst Tory gov in history) & you say Brexit ain’t gonna happen. (Corbyn’s LP support Tories on every aspect of Brexit)  
2/4 )...towards the 16m who didnt ask nor vote for brexit-also the 3m disenfranchised brits living in the EU & the 1.2m 16-17 year olds about to come of age plus the 12m who didnt bother to vote-all of these people are impacted upon by Brexit-it will be a disaster and we know it 
Let's Stop the #ForeignAid Madness100000 signatures needed for debate in Parliament.Sign and RT my petition here #LBCLIVE #skynews #Conservatives #Brexit #JacobReesMogg #bbcqt #marr  #Paterson #bbcsp 
Every day we learn new information about what a post-Brexit Britain would look like.Anyone who cares about the UK more than their own personal pride, will have been constantly re-thinking their position since the vote. 
LK Soros is trying to reverse Brexit vote! The globalists with all their $ try to stifle voters voices by drowning them out with staged protests!Soros pays protesters.The sentiment is not genuine, it's bought.He's doing the same in US with his #resistance.#wakeupAmerica 
Nobody owes you anything, As an individual, as a group, or as a country.  "Rising influence" follows facing with hard core-type questions, day in and day out. If you are 10 story building , first 6 stories have to be *settled* and not put up for referendum every year. 
Any Remainers in the Bristol area fancy filling up the hall?Factoid.She was waxing lyrical about fishing & Brexit.  Fishing contains £434 mill pa (YUP ..just about 3 week’s net EU membership money). <0.5%.Throwing away our economy to boost fishing.  
Theresa May is setting out her Road Map to Brexit Success. We're a YEAR into negotiations!!Half-way through the journey, completely lost, and NOW you think we might need a map!?!?  
#lka voters have short memories & low thresholds of patience. Which gives newly elected govts a limited time window, usually <1,000 days, for reforms. @MaithripalaS & @RW_UNP kept bickering while time ran out. Delayed #LGpollSL became de facto referendum on govt performance. 
The honeymoon is over. Time for Corbyn to do his job and stand up for working people. He is squandering a golden opportunity by his Brexit stupidity.  
The PM 'lost' one referendum, in which a flawed republican model was put to the people at a referendum. We cannot allow proposals for future change to be overwhelmed by that.  
Remoaner Philip Hammond's EU speeches BLOCKED by Downing Street over Brexit negativity  
My biggest annoyance with Brexit is that, at the very moment neoliberalism is passing away, its given a generation of Blairites something to pledge a political commitment to. Soft Brexit and Stop Article 50 are just floating signifiers denoting their lack of actual politics. 
Delegation includes representatives from the Kurdistan Democratic Party (KDP), Gorran Movement, Patriotic Union of Kurdistan (PUK), Kurdistan Communist Party, and Kurdistan Islamic Union. Second parliament del to go Rojava after referendum.  
#Sky news #skypapers #sunday #brexit #BrexitImpact #BrexitShambles #sunday 
16. Alfa Males: Russia Ties Deepen - 12th May 2017The complex web of Trump and Brexit ties to Russia deepen. 
15. Trump, Russia, Brexit? No Comment - 11th May 2017Asked about the most important issues facing Britain since World War II, PM May has nothing to say. 
How do you accidentally find out Russia hacked democracy during the Brexit referendum, Trump Election, across the EU, and across the world, in the execution of a new type of hybrid warfare?Well, this is how I stumbled into the kerfuffle at @Byline_Media in a mega thread... 
Since this government can’t govern, parliament must take charge of Brexit | Andrew Rawnsley  
May FIGHTS BACK: Pledging to make the UK a “truly global, free-trading nation”, the Prime Minister will spearhead a series of keynote speeches in the coming weeks to underline her positive vision for a post-Brexit Britain.  
Greece is growing faster than the UK and is outperforming it in financial markets.The pound remains the worst-performing currency, even after the dollar weakened 12 percent in 2017.Brexit has made us the sick man of Europe.#stopBrexit 
Mundell slammed over 'deafening silence' on Brexit leak  
"You can argue Brexit will be some sort of spiritual success in terms of sovereignty, but there's no way on God's green earth you can argue it's going to be an economic success or that life for the people in this country will get better" - @queenchristina_ 
If, as appears, the only reason our politicians have for supporting Brexit, other than lunacy and personal pecuniary advantage, is fear of civil unrest by thugs, louts and assorted morons and racists, they really ought to be thoroughly ashamed of themselves. 
The irony and tragedy of Brexitby @queenchristina_ on @SkyNews 
Thatcher destroyed the mining industry in the 1980's so I guess @theresa_may will be forever remembered for destroying the UK's manufacturing industry.Jaguar/Land Rover, Honda, Nissan, Mini, Vauxhall, Ford, Airbus etc.. All have rung alarm bells. #Brexit #StopBrexit #FinalSay 
Hard Brexit means ceding control of trading laws with our largest market, the EU. Theresa May also wants the ability to ditch pesky human rights law - this is not taking back control, it is handing control to the privileged elite so they can exploit us #Marr  #Paterson 
BFE: Our "Brexit MUST be STOPPED..." series returns with this courtesy of one @campbellclaret who's never been more spot on! Brexit was the fallout from a program of "weaponised nostalgia" which totally ignored the generation which would be left to deal with it. #FBPE 
If Scotland Has NO Say in #Brexit, what do people think will be important enough for our views and wishes to count?  
Unsurprising since the #ToryBrexitgovt doesn’t know either what it’s seeking, beyond that utterly vacuous ‘Brexit means Brexit’ soundbite  
BBC Europe Editor Katya Adler revealed the real reason behind the European Union's #Brexit threats is that Brussels is "terrified" of the trading competition the UK will create against the bloc.  
TOMORROW: Show some love for your immigrant hating, Brexit loving, pro-Nazi partner on Valentine’s Day with some free leftover shit from @HotelChocolat. pic.twitter.com/BfFLXeGjEf 
Kate Hoey FFS One of four Labour MPs who Defied the whip to back the Tory Brexit bill last week, Along with Graham Stringer, Frank Field, and John Mann! Hoey's constituency voted overwhelmingly to remain. So she spat in the face of those who elected her!  
Three out of four Brits don't know what Brexit will mean for them. They deserve another chance to make their voices heard. They deserve a Labour Party willing to change policy. They deserve an opportunity to #StopBrexit 
Absolutely bizarre, that despite the most heinous Government since Thatcher, eroding civil liberties, sending people to their graves, and the very reason we have Brexit. Some so called Labour supporters, turn all their fire on Jeremy Corbyn's Brexit stance! And I'm a remainer!  
Dugdale: I quit as Scottish Labour leader over Corbyn's stance on BrexitFull story in tomorrow's paper 
Comfort Town in Labour Land 2niteReality=You shdn't be behind Cons& u know itThey're in disarrayConcern about NHS, your issue, is upAs is anger with handling of BrexitYour lead shd be 10+ a-la 1993Polls wrong?MaybeOr, maybePeople are still bloody wary about Corbyn 
Just for the record: unicorns do not exist, nor does a ‘jobs first Brexit’.  
The Tories are a dead horse and yet @UKLabour appear unable even to win a one horse race. Answers on a postcard please, entitled:'The Labour party can't win even against the worst Tory party ever because........'Stop the fuck Brexit#dontbrexitfixit#StopBrexit 
INDEPENDENT DIGITAL: Brexit means.....? #tomorrowspaperstoday 
UK fears UK walk-out. Finally with just 9000 hrs to Brexit, the sounds of pennies dropping. It took the Japanese ambass, some leaked stats the govt. didn't want you to know & a looming deadline which we agreed but now can't meet. Lightbulb: blame Barnier  
Account from @tobyhelm on what can go wrong on Brexit. Can’t go the life of me see how May gets through this  
The first response to any brexit tweet always has a reasonable tone to it. I respond, usually reasonably. Then the mask slips. Immediately, they descend into 'Corbyn is shit', or 'Labour want hard-brexit'. Anyone else familiar with this? My block button is red hot at the moment. 
Stripping workers of their rights considered in leaked Government Brexit impact assessment.Holiday pay and working hours could be at risk from Brexit.The best way to improve living standards is to #StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
If you're suggesting the example of the Canada-US border offers a viable solution to the NI-Ireland Brexit border issue you really need to get a grip. 
The EU’s chief Brexit negotiator has “fractured” the coalition of 27 countries - via the Sunday Telegraph  
In 18 months time you won't meet anyone who'll admit to having voted in favour of Brexit 
Brexit is 9889 hours away. #brexit 
Social media firms must tell users exposed to Brexit propaganda, MP says  
Interesting..."The EU’s chief Brexit negotiator has “fractured” the coalition of 27 countries by dramatically stepping up his aggression towards Britain, the Telegraph has been told." 
BBC ‘Indyref Bias’ documentary nominated for prestigious awardsA documentary highlighting the BBC’s pro-Union coverage of Scotland’s independence referendum has been nominated for two prestigious awards. 
Soros is no benign influence. His actions in the U.K. threaten to undermine our democracy. He is a man whose playground is other country’s politics. #UKIndependence @UKIP Hungarian Government Slams Anti-Brexit Soros  Breitbart  via @BreitbartNews 
Labour leadership - are you absolutely SURE your policy on brexit is working? Bear in mind that the kippers you are keen to keep on board don't tend to vote .. so these figures might be optimistic.  
You voted for a wall, some of you for smaller government.You’ve got no wall and more government. Catalonia is still part of Spain. Brexit still isn’t close to happening.  I imagine you’ll just have to #VoteHarder 
Britain has been the sick man of Europe since the Brexit vote. Guess who's in roaring health?  
Which is why I will keep on fightig this. If you deny me my democratic right to defend myself and my family via the vote, I shall fight Brexit by any other means possible. 24th March, March in @LeedsEurope 20 October, March in London. 
The Tories promised the vote for Britons abroad for more than 15 years. But they couldn't be bothered to implement it in time for the referendum.#StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE #ABTV 
Citizens from over 70 nations were able to vote in the #Brexit referendum, but not most EU 27 residents.  This wouldn't matter so much were the referendum treated as advisory. But as things stand it is criminally unjust.#StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON 
GOP support for AVR today is yet another sign that, when AVR actually comes up for a vote, it's very hard to say 'no' to. It passed 65% to 35% in Alaska's 2016 referendum! Next test: Nevada's AVR referendum this November. 
Brexit: the impossible job? A guide to the roadblocks facing the PM  
Some Airbus wing components cross the English Channel nine times before being mounted on planes. Brexit may complicate that further  
There isn't long to avert a damaging hard Brexit, which would harm the UK culturally, politically and economically. The two groups pushing it are the far-right and rich Tories who would make money from it.Help moderate Brexit voters to see the con.#HowBrexiteersViewYou 
Brexit Explained  
Not even Germans want to leave the cultural epicenter of Europe for Frankfurt...  @MKTWDelamaide @kslodczyk #Brexit #London #Frankfurt #DAX #banking #EU #eurozone  
So yes, please share the tragic stories of people driven out by brexit. But say it as it as: they were made to leave their homes, not go home. Please consider the use of your words. Please acknowledge that our home is here. Thank you. /10 
Brexiters claim to be patriotic. What kind of patriotism supports a policy - #Brexit - which aids Russia in its hybrid war against Western Democracy and the EU! The Army Chief of Staff has made it very clear that Russia is Britain's main enemy. #BrexitBetraysBritain #FBPE 
It might not seem like a lot, but language matters. My home is in Scotland. Should I ever be made to leave Scotland due to brexit and go somewhere else, then i will not be going home. I would be forced to leave my home. Because this is my home. /9 
To put it starkly, if there is another election, there is no choice for working people but to vote for Labour. Any other vote would enable the Tories to recommence and take us to a no-deal brexit, kill the NHS mercilessly and continue austerity as a long-term policy. 
Exactly what we have warned about with a Tory Brexit: Official document raises prospect of tampering with workers' rights to boost economy  
This is the main reason why we must oppose Brexit. Can't say whether he would have approved of the EU as it currently stands but Churchill knew a United Europe was the only was to prevent further warfare across it.#StopBrexit #WeAreEurope #FBPE #FinalSayForAll #IAmEuropean 
Seeing a lot of "Brexit is Corbyn's fault" tweets of late. Personally, I think the blame lies with people who:Called the referendumPandered to or stoked racism and xenophobiaUnleashed austerity creating divisionCampaigned for BrexitVoted for Brexit 
Jacob Rees-Mogg fails to win over Cambridge students in Brexit debate  
Stop talking 48%...after the appalling mess of a unachievable #Brexit unfolding by the day it's bound to be more!Give us a Binding #FinalSay in 2018 with a chance to #StopBrexit Confirm the Will..#WATON #FBPE 
"Rees-Mogg is so rich that neither he nor his family would be hurt by a hard Brexit. He is personally insulated. But the people he represents are not so fortunate."  
The nations businesses will have had 2 years to plan for brexit and if they have'nt already done so then they are niave thats why there should be no transition period as it's been created by our inadequate MP's 
Leading Newcastle University cancer professor from Germany leaves the UK for the Netherlands citing #Brexit fears.  
A picture of our counter-protest to a Pro-Brexit rally in Cardiff has been used by the New York Times to illustrate the growing calls for a #FinalSay vote on Brexit. 
Yeovil deserves better!Tory Brexiter @MarcusFysh ‘s appalling reaction to trade expert @AllieRenison ‘s technical response to one of his tweets about Canadian/ US border.The pro #Brexit elite know they’ve lost the argument hence their fear of a referendum.#ExitFromBrexit 
British economy will suffer £252bn hit if UK crashes out of the EU with no deal, latest analysis shows.Scale of ‘Brexit black hole’ revealed by research based on Government’s own leaked analysis.Time to #StopBrexit.#FBPE @eloisetodd @BestForBritain 
I welcome the UK Government’s u-turn to allow MSPs more time to scrutinise the Brexit economic analysis papers - however these restrictions should never have been in place to begin with.  
Back to business: @BestForBritain  team exposing the *real* cost of no dealBrexit no deal will cost UK economy £252bn, new analysis shows  
If there is to be a referendum on the final Brexit deal, let’s at least make the question honest and clear.  
Left-liberals HATE imperialism. Well, until the natives do something they don't like, like vote against same-sex marriage in a referendum – that's when imposing your imperial will on majority-black countries becomes a progressive duty!  
Bob Moran’s Winter Olympics and Brexit - Political Cartoon Gallery in Putney  
Pro-EU folk pre-referendum: 'We are an independent nation. It is a lie to suggest we are governed by the EU.'Pro-EU folk post-referendum: 'Brexit is madness. We can't possibly leave the Single Market and Customs Union. We are too closely entwined with the EU.' 
Embarrassed to call myself a city fan tonight. The useless French nancyboy in charge has to get the sack on Monday morning. Should get Paul Heckingbottom in. Wouldn't concede five with a Granite Brexit manager in charge. Ref should have sent off the little diver Stoiling too! 
Trust me, I’m no fan of Anna Soubry, but at least she is prepared to speak out against Brexit. Isn’t it pitiful to witness the stance of Corbyn. He’s happy to prop up the Tories. Never was and never will be fit to be Labours Leader #BrexitShambles 
A new poll shows that Britons don't understand Theresa May's Brexit plans. Total confusion over what the Government is seeking - with only months to go before a deal has to be agreed! #BrexitShambles #StopBrexit 
Corbyn doesn’t want another referendum. It would involve him actually doing something  
The Tory mask is slipping, clear now that they want use Brexit as way to erode workers and workplace rights. We can’t let them use Brexit to turn us into a European Cayman Islands. Another reason we need an EEA EFTA Brexit, key to protecting our rights and standards.  
Getting on for two years after Brexit vote and still this nonsense. Wild idea - why doesn’t Telegraph actually send someone to Irish border?  
New poll shows three-quarters of Britons have no idea what Theresa May wants from Brexit  
Neville Chamberlain, 1938: "Peace for our time."Muhammad Saeed al-Sahhaf, 2003: "There are no American infidels in Baghdad. Never!"David Davis, 2016: "There will be no downside to Brexit, only a considerable upside." 
Aguero has scored 20 goals in 4 consecutive years but has never been in the TOTY but Gary Cahill made it last year. Brexit really means Brexit 
The prospect of #Brexit often leaves me depressed, but taking part in the @LibDems' #ExitFromBrexit rally in #Richmond today, with @catherinemep, @sarahjolney1 and @cos_detoma, was motivational #FBPE #StopBrexit! 
ICYMI - No-deal Brexit would cripple UK finances to tune of €91 BILLION - leaked report / #EU #Brexit  
The government team in charge of Brexit admits it will slash £2,000 million a week from the economy. That’s not just a number: it’s our wages, our NHS, our pensions. #isitworthit? 
The #EU: Better a part, than apart. Please help us to persuade Britain to consider a U-turn on #Brexit by sharing this video far and wide. It’s not too late to #StopBrexit, if that’s what #Britain wants. 
'EU is WRONG' Brussels savaged over funding cut plans - don't PUNISH states for Brexit  
If ever you doubted the Thatcherite agenda behind a Tory-led Brexit, read this & stop doubting.  
If Scotland was a Independent country between the years 2008 and 2014 we would have been 8.3 Billion better off GOVERNMENT EXPENDITURE & REVENUE SCOTLAND published by both governments come to the same conclusion. With the Oil price rising along side Brexit its time to get out 
First sensible thing he has ever said , @Conservatives @ScotTories  knew the true impact of brexit to the Scottish economy was revealed and @ScotGovFM @Feorlean @AlynSmith was right , the only sensible thing is to decide when to call Indy ref2 
How the EU rights of Irish citizens in Northern Ireland would be given effect after Brexit?Rights have no value if they cannot be enforcedWhat court will Irish citizens resident in Northern Ireland have recourse to enforce their EU citizenship rights? 
BREXIT CHAOS: New poll shows Britons don't understand what Theresa May wants from withdrawal / #EU #Brexit  
“British economy will suffer £252bn hit if Theresa May crashes UK out of the EU with no deal, analysis shows Research based on the Government’s own leaked analysis – is said to fully expose the 'Brexit black hole at heart of the economy' 
Over next week @89_up is going to be breaking the full story of how Russia used its media channels to influence the EU referendum. Part 1 here:   
Conservatives and Labour are Brexit parties now. To help Stop Brexit, please support a Remain party, and Vote Remain. #WeAreTheOppositionNow #LE2018VoteRemain 
Putin is conducting a relentless hybrid war against Western democracy. #Brexit is helping Putin in that war. Our government is knowingly aiding our enemy. That is treason!#BrexitBetraysBritain.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Brexit: Northern Irish will be able to remain EU citizens under deal. Two sides agreed the passport deal would continue after #Brexit.  
'The clock is ticking' - M Barniers loves to remind his British counterparts. The clock is also ticking for the export-led German economy, French wine&cheese exporters into Britain, the Spanish tourist industry serving Brits. EU intransigence will cost them dear too.#Brexit  
Some remainers say we were not told that we would leave the Single Market when we voted in the referendum.Here are 5 Ministers speaking BEFORE the referendum telling us that #Brexit would mean leaving the Single Market.  
#HowBrexiteersViewYouIf you are poor and voted Brexit then you are viewed as 'useful idiots'. You sure aren't going to profit from hard Brexit. That's a game for city types like Jacob Rees-Mogg and Nigel Farage 
#HowBrexiteersViewYouSome pushing hard Brexit, which government studies showed would cause poverty,  were in an 'elite' drinking club at Oxford that taunts homeless people by burning money in front of them 
Translation. The best way to avoid any risk of change is to pretend the referendum (all the campaigning, all the debates, all the votes) never happened.  
AltNewsMedia welcomes new contributor @P_G_Thompson with his take on Brexit. Maybe it isn't quite the doom & gloom the establishment wishes us to believe? The costs and benefits of leaving the EU institutions.  via @@AltNewsMedia 
Brexit is not about sovereignty – it’s about restoring the class system  
10,000 trucks cross the US-Canada border everyday, 2 countries that are NOT in a customs union. Many of them 4 times the same day.And things work fine.If it won't work between Britain and the EU, it's only because the EU elite doesn't want it to?#Brexit #LeaveCustomsUnion 
Honda and other Japanese firms will pull out of Britain without full access to the EU, says the country’s ambassador.Brexit is putting jobs at risk. We’re better off if we #StopBrexit and #Remain in the EU. 
Red Buses?Blue Passports?Commemorative #Brexit Stamps?Politics is about sentiment....And campaigns are won through symbols not facts and reason.So my latest initiative is#StopBrexit Stamps (stickers that we can plaster everywhere!)#FBPE? 
Canada and the USA are NOT in any customs union, or even single market.Trade and border crossing between the 2 countries works as smoothly as it can be.Why won't it be the same between the EU and Britain outside the customs union? #ProjectFear#Brexit #LeaveCustomsUnion 
The Tories Blair the libfibs and the EUextremists all frothing at the mouth against Corbyn.. its absolutely stunning to witness.. the chance of the most progressive govt in the history of this country and stop Brexit.. but oh no.. they all want Corbyn to be the Scapegoat, why? 
A vote among party members over Brexit would transform the debate and act as a trial run for the real thing, argues @andrew_adonis. 
Ever since we took the momentous decision to vote for Brexit the economy has gone from strength to strength, outlook is bright but Remoaners still have collective amnesia. 
Why Britain needs to leave Customs Union: REMAINER Lord admits UK must go Hard Brexit  @Conservatives @theresa_may 
Oh no!  If only someone had warned us all! Like with so many other things, you were so wrapped up in your pro-Brexit / anti-EU agenda you skipped over the real nuts and bolts of what Brexit actually means for ORDINARY HARD WORKING PEOPLE who don’t have off-shore tax havens!  
Prominent Brexiter, Montie, complaining that the BBC is giving too much exposure to Anna Soubry, as he doesn’t like it that someone dares to challenge to the government’s approach on Brexit. That would be the same Montie who claims to “challenge herd-like thinking”. #Montie 
When you do the maths - remembering that Brexit is about more than just economics - the case for a 'no-transition', 'no-deal' departure from the EU is growing, as the Eurocrats continue to behave like continental bad neighbours from hell.  
‘Guerrilla Warfare’: Gina Miller Slams Soros-Backed Anti-Brexit Group as ‘Undemocratic’  
If Honda go then so will Toyota and Nissan. Those who maintain that we should still #LeaveEU like to call themselves patriots, but #brexit is turning out to be the most treacherous and cowardly act of national destruction! #StopBrexitSaveBritain #StopBrexit #FBPE 
I wonder what Anna Soubry thinks about Brexit. I do wish the BBC would have her on so we could find out. Are they boycotting her? 
Following SNP pressure, a UK government u-turn will mean MSPs will get more time to scrutinise Brexit analysis. Here's  SNP Group Convener @RHBruceCrawford's comments on the u-turn. 
It's #Brexit or #NHS - you can't have both... RT if you are #SickOfBrexit#NHSLove @Labour4EU @UKLabour @LibDems @W_A_T_O_N @saveournhswm @NHSEngland #FBPE #PCPEU #StopBrexit #WATON 
A reminder that Commonwealth residents in the UK were allowed to vote in the #Brexit referendum, while residents from 24 EU countries were denied that right, despite the importance of the vote to them.A criminal injustice, which should invalidate the result!#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Hats off to @albawhitewolf and the #The75percent.As an older person I who voted Remain and am distraught at the opportunities #Brexit will strip from our young, you have my 100% support!  
If only ordinary people who voted Brexit knew how Jacob Rees-Mogg, one of the few who would profit from a devastating hard Brexit, see them. Like when he said the masses were like pot plants.BTW @Jacob_Rees_Mogg state school kids THRIVE at Oxbridge 
Establishment #Remain campaign threatens #Brexit In Name Only. Please help show support to Save #Britain's Fish by flying the flag. Get one here ->   Show we won't capitulate to being a #vassalstate in a "transition" obeying ALL #EU laws AFTER we leave! 
British economy will suffer £252bn hit if Theresa May crashes UK out of the EU with no deal, analysis showsExclusive: Research –based on the Government’s own leaked analysis – is said to fully expose the 'Brexit black hole at heart of the economy'#FBPE 
This is so well expressed, from the left position. I identify with these feelings, was 100% behind Corbyn, anti austerity, 'A New World is Possible' .. But the more i learn about Brexit, the more i realise it must be stopped 
"Brexit inevitably introduces friction to supply chains. There is no model of future relationship that can offer traders ‘the exact same benefits’ as EU membership". 
Michael Bloomberg: Brexit is the stupidest thing any country has ever done  
Well done @Mcr4EU @Stockport4EU @LancasterForEU  great work today...so many Leave voting passers by stopping to tell us they did NOT vote for this #BrexitShambles#Brexit #IsItWorthIt 
Remember this #JeremyCorbyn? If you are supporting #Brexit as the will of the people, then you've sold out & abandoned @UKLabour values. Unless you act to #StopBrexit you will be be culpable of selling off our #NHS & delivering #BrexitForTheFewRT #PCPEU #FBPE #WATON #ENGvWAL 
I think many who attack Corbyn for not doing "something" about Brexit ("something" they can't actually articulate) just use it as an excuse because admitting that they're really Blairite's no longer popular. 
"Well, I’m sorry EU but if you want a hard border on your external border, that’s your business, your problem, your challenge."British Govt has never asked for a border, never expected a border.No-one wants a border!Comprendez!#Brexit #EU 
As Britain stumbles over Brexit, support grows for a new vote.“I agreed to come out of Europe, but I am beginning to have second thoughts. I think it’s a mess, and I’m sick to death of it,” said a Leave voter.Time for a #FinalSay to #StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
a lot of this poisonous antiSoros stuff ( and those who do it obviously know about the rise of Hungarian antisemitism via Sorosphobia) comes from notion that big political money - Kochs, Banks, Mercers, - are Brexit-Trump asset. Outrage at $$$ presuming to oppose. 
This quote by President LBJ is the essence of Brexit for me “If you can convince the lowest white man he’s better than the best colored man, he won’t notice you’re picking his pocket. Hell, give him somebody to look down on, and he’ll empty his pockets for you.”via @eddiemarsan 
Brilliant day in Armagh with young people from across NI & IRL talking Brexit, setting out concerns, offering ideas, making demands!These are the ones who'll carry the consequences of decisions made far from here by those less affected.Well done @cooperationirl #TogetherApart 
Shouting out to the #FBPE community. Please help spread the word on the call for Party members, supporters and voters to have a say within @UKLabour on our Brexit Policy.It takes 1 minute to mail using this link  Thanks #FBPE 
Nicola Sturgeon has been making a stand for Scotland on Brexit – in unrelated news, has anyone seen David Mundell? 
The Tory Brexit divide is in the cabinet – the LAB one is between the leadership & party supporters  via @MSmithsonPB 
For anyone thinking that #Brexit was “a victory for ordinary people, a victory for decent people”, think again. Profit for those at the top, weaker rights for the rest of us. We, the people, deserve the #FinalSay on this. #StopBrexit #WATON 
We’ve spotted some new anti-Brexit signage at Arlington House #blockbrexit #margate #thanet #kent #arlingtonhouse #lovemargate 
You misunderstand. I don't think Labour should oppose Brexit as some political manoeuvre. It's just the right thing to do.  
A reminder to Brexiters. India is happy to do a trade deal with Britain, but only if Britain lets in more Indians. So much for taking back control of our borders. #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit #WATON 
Lets imagine @MichelBarnier doesn’t allow the #Brexit transition deal as he suggested...Then I suggest he has lost his £39 billion & financial settlement, not to mention access to our markets. We have a stronger hand then the lefty remain press want us to know. Remember that. 
My home town. I talked about the impact of Theresa May’s Brexit on Swindon when I voted against triggering article 50 a year ago. It really pains me that what I said back then looks likely to happen.  
Intriguing read from @JGForsyth this morning. Is Boris heading towards a principled resignation over Brexit at Chequers?  
Foreign backed #BestForBritain funded and supported by the Money #MAGGOT @georgesoros & the #WarCriminal #TonyBlair both these #Scumbags should be in #JAIL! #SOROS #SorosForPrison #BBC #SKY @ConHome @Conservatives #UK #EU @eloisetodd #GeorgeSoros #EloiseTodd #BREXIT #EU #UK #TORY 
The biggest constitutional decision ever made by this country cannot be located. Supreme Court ruled it wasn’t made in the referendum. How can you notify a decision which hasn’t been made? #A50Challenge 
Lord Wallace of Saltaire now speaking to #Leeds for Europe in front of a large audience about the EU Withdrawal Bill which is working its tortuous way through the House of Lords. #Brexit  
"Soon, we face into a campaign to #RepealThe8th amendment. The referendum debate is about public health, women's health, and our right to decide on these matters for ourselves. I trust women. Sinn Féin will campaign enthusiastically for Repeal" @MaryLouMcDonald #SFLeaders 
I'm as opposed to Brexit as anyone... I'm just not as fucking stupid as to blame Jeremy Corbyn for it. 
Sinn Féin President @MaryLouMcDonald ‘We are one island. One #Ireland. No hard or soft border - message loud and clear. Ireland will not be collateral damage of political games and antics of the Tories in London.’ #SFleaders #Brexit 
Spot on from @nick_cleggWhat #Brexit debacle reveals more than anything is almost complete failure of leadership in Tories & in Labour.I keep hoping May or Corbyn or an alternative leader of their parties will stand up to be counted, but I fear that we'll crash out by default.  
There can be no imposition of a border on the island of Ireland, that message must go loud and clear from our Ard Fheis today. Ireland will not be the collateral damage in the political games and antics of Tories in London - @MaryLouMcDonald on Brexit  
A group of politicians want Hard Brexit now.They say it’ll help the economy. Economists say it’ll be a disaster.They say it will help business.Businesses they absolutely don’t want it.We need to ask what the politicians *really* want and why they won’t say. 
I feel you, but imo we should've never put this to a referendum. We're not an Athenian democracy, we have elected representatives 'cause we need them to understand the complexity + consequences of our legislative and economic systems on our behalf while we're busy working/living. 
Cabinet Brexiteers reject Theresa May’s halfway house plan to keep Britain partially in the EU single market as ‘a plot to frustrate Brexit’      
Liar.Labour tried to protect workers' rights, environmental laws, consumer protections etc, but when the Tories and the DUP bigots wrecked the amendment, Labour voted against the EU Withdrawal Bill. Pure propaganda that Labour are doing nothing to prevent extreme Tory Brexit.  
Brexit Talks End in ‘Substantial Disagreement,’ Transition Period ‘Not a Given’  
International Money #MAGGOT @GeorgeSoros gives £400,000 to #BestForBritain  a #foreign #billionaire looking to subvert International #Democracy & destroy #BREXIT! #SOROS #SorosForPrison #BBC #SKY @ConHome @Conservatives #Conservatives #UK #EU @eloisetodd #eloisetodd #GeorgeSoros 
come on people! i'm only 29 but literally everyone i know my age has given up; nobody comes on the marches or signs the petitions, and i blame @jeremycorbyn for a lot of that, he's crushing the buds of young people's renewed faith in politicians under his Brexit-capped boots   
As Britain stumbles over Brexit, support grows for 2nd vote Since 52% of Britons voted to leave EU 19 months ago, most politicians have treated Brexit as inviolableEven amid signs of a slowing economy, few saw signs of a shift in public opinionUntil now 
Are you not familiar with #PanamaPapers and #ParadisePapers ? That’s exactly why they want Brexit.  
"Not only do we support the repeal of the eighth amendment, we need to go out, campaign and win the referendum." @moneillsf 
Y’all want to freak out over a 40-17 team and I just don’t understand. Every loss doesn’t need a referendum. 
Now we know what Brexit means, and it isn’t what the north-east voted for 
Labour members were blocked from having a full debate & #Brexit vote at party conference last year - we need a dedicated policy commission NOW to sort this mess out. Make your voice heard:  
Battle for Britain ..Battle for Brexit.. 11am-3pm outside 10 Downing street 28 February get up and show your face support Brexit now 
I know a lot of people might not like this, but could you imagine Donald Trump in charge, of the Brexit talks. Mr Barnier, Tusk, and Junker, wouldn't be so cock sure of themselves. Say what you want about Trump he won't take any nonsense, and he would, MAKE BRITAIN GREAT AGAIN. 
The Japanese ambassador has made it clear that if we leave single market bye bye Nissan and Toyota  these will relocate to the continent. Just one of the great opportunities of #brexit for the rest of Europe  
"The Scottish Conservatives were as silent in the media as they are in UK Government discussions about the future of Brexit" 
Fears of Brexit chaos for medicines agency should worry us all  
Social media giants find no evidence of "Russian interference" in #BrExit referendum. Orwellian UK '#FakeNews' committee has no success in the US George Orwell based his "Ministry of Truth" on the BBC from his personal experience of working there. 
Its ridiculous that ordinary Labour people are defining policy on the economy, business, health, education, equalities, work and trade but not on Brexit, which defines all of them. We've added our voice to the call for Party democracy, add yours here  
UK food rots unharvested as 27% EU migrants stay away in September because of Brexit hostility/£ value. End Brexit madness with 2nd vote. 
I can only conclude that there are lots of people, from left and right, pro-Brexit and anti-Brexit who actually want to stop people they don't agree with being on TV or at least believe that them being on TV is evidence of bias, irrespective of who else is on. 
OK folks, let's drive this one to 100,000 to get that debate in Parliament.With any vote on a Brexit deal, the choice has to be: deal vs sticking with what we've got. 
Short-term Brexit disruption is a price worth paying—Britain can thrive on the outside  via @prospect_uk 
This will be the third @BBC show this week that @Anna_Soubry has been on to promote her anti Brexit agenda. Why are the #BBC so keen to give her air time? 
New York Times reports #Brexit mood change & compelling case for #Final Say referendum on Exit Deal British media too intimidated or stupid to report @nytimes 
We are, however, backing the wealthy elite on Brexit  - Rupert Murdoch, the Barclay brothers, Jacob Rees-Mogg, Arron Banks etc - so, if honest, we are actually on the side of the few, not the many.  
"The EU is not a benign institution. It exists to limit democracy, it crushed Greece, and it's now trying to make an example of Britain. The reporting of the EU's side of the negotiation has been supine."@Tom_Slater_ discussing Brexit on last night's #skypapers 
#Foreign funded #BestForBritain has received £400,000 from the #SCUMBAG @GeorgeSoros, a #foreign #billionaire looking to subvert the result of the #EUreferendum & destroy #BREXIT! ROT well #SOROS! #SorosForPrison #BBC #SKY @ConHome @CCHQPress @Conservatives #Conservatives #UK #EU 
This is epic: @toryboypierce was involved in a furious row with the chief of the group #BestForBritain trying to block #Brexit when she won't reveal who their 6 #Tory donors are!  #BBC #SKY @ConHome @CCHQPress @Conservatives #Conservatives @theresa_may #uk 
Job losses will be huge in Swindon. I cannot understand why @jeremycorbyn is not standing up for workers and working to stop brexit 
#AndrewPierce Lays Into Anti-#Brexit Chief When She Refuses To Reveal Funding Details of #BestforBritain! #LBC @LBC  #BBC #SKY @ConHome @CCHQPress @Conservatives #Conservatives #BREXIT @daily_politics #UK #ConservativeParty @DavidDavisMP #EU #UK 
Everyone wake up. Please.Whatever wondrous thing you think Brexit could have been, there's no way May will deliver anything but worse lives for the general public.Rees-Mogg, the same  
Also - & I point out at this stage that people (some of) you don't agree with will sometimes appear on TV - in a joint interview Tory @Anna_Soubry & Labour's @ChukaUmunna on how they think they can shape (or maybe even stop?) Brexit in Parliament. Really? #marr 9am BBC1 tomorrow. 
In #Rochester this afternoon. #BREXIT street stall fighting for full #UKIndependence and leafleting for the local party. @UKIP 
Brilliant side-by-side reminder from the Guardian that it’s okay to talk about the threat big business poses to radical history but not about the threat big business poses to Brexit.  
Join me LIVE on Facebook for a Q&A at 13.30 from @LiberalBritain #LaunchpadNorth in Sheffield. @thomasbrake will follow me with a #Brexit Q&A 
I just received this DM:"Hi. Just been speaking to a mate of mine who works in brittle bone disease. Looks like the NHS are going to be kicked out of the information sharing group post brexit. I don't know all the details but it's another little thing we are losing."#FBPE 
Gerald Stanley’s lawyer said the trial was not a referendum on race in Saskatchewan. Turns out it was a referendum on reconciliation in Canada. It’s simply not possible until white supremacy is named and dealt with. #JusticeForColten 
More numbers leaked from the govt’s #Brexit impact study this week, showing a nationwide decline in growth under every possible Brexit scenario. Hugo Dixon writes why this should make Corbyn act and come out against Brexit.  
Professor Ormerod in Prospect Magazine, “Brexit offers the UK the opportunity to compete in a world which is rapidly evolving.....The EU lives in terror of an innovative, lightly taxed UK which embraces rather than resists the rapid pace of change in the world economy.” 
Tories in Scotland (Ruth and Mundell esp) in hiding over Brexit ...that is fine, stay hiding for good!!   
Excellent piece from Chi Onwurah MP.  Brexit what happens next?  We get poorer. And in the north-east, we get poorer faster.  
#Brexit regional impact studies. Can’t think why government wasn’t keen to publish them.  
Tories created the conditions for Brexit to happen & then called a referendum to sort out a problem in their own party. The EU isn't perfect but the blame for what's wrong with this country, can't be laid at their feet. Good thread, that articulates what a lot of ppl are thinking 
Ruth Davidson once promised Scotland’s voters that she’d stand up to the Hard Brexit lobby. Let's not let her forget it, says @weegingerdug.via @ScotNational 
Establishment Remain campaign threatens Brexit In Name Only....remainers flying EU flags...@KateHoeyMP ANSWER: Show support to Leave & Save Britain's Fish by flying the flag! Get one here ->  
Ruth Davidson & David Mundell's current position on #BrexitShambles: Ride a mountain bike for the pressDo a bake-off for the press See no Brexit Hear no Brexit Speak no Brexit  
We are walking off a cliff while we argue with each other.  The rest of the world is shouting and waving at us "hey UK you are about to walk off a cliff" but we keep walking. #FinalSay#FBPEJames O’Brien’s Take On The State Of Brexit Talks Is Devastating  
Had a chat with my dad about Brexit last week.“The three day week wasn’t so bad, we worked our six days. Fixed cars by using lamps hooked to batteries we charged up half the week, it was alright.”It worked in a world before the entire economy relied on computers and devices. 
Now we know why the Tories were so keen to hide their regional Brexit impact studies.#Brexit means: we’re all in the shit together. pic.twitter.com/1YTNa9Syqn 
#FBPE #ABTV The Cross Party Alliance Against Brexit  
'That's how democracy works!' LBC host shuts down Remainer Alastair Campbell's Brexit rant  
Hard Brexit gang rejecting any compromise solution at all.  
Jacob Rees-Mogg, Theresa May, David Davis, Liam Fox and all the govt Brexiteers need to read this thread from a British exporter. The damage that #Brexit will cause to British business and all those employed therein will be insurmountable.  
Kicking off our EU action weekend in Bromley Town this morning! Reminding our EU residents that they can vote in May and that the #LibDems are the only party fighting Brexit #weloveEU 
All this is fact. But British europhobes constantly denigrated the EU, cast it as a "foreign colonial power", belittled their own country and its huge strength as a leader in the EU. Brexit is an astonishing abrogation of genuine global power. You might call it treasonous. 
Cost to send an email: £0Cost to send a letter: £985.50When it came to triggering Article 50, the Government started the #Brexit process as it meant to go on - by making serious losses for the British taxpayer! 
After Brexit, there will be shortages of workers in many areas. How can we address this? By removing workers' rights.Are you sure? Doesn't souind right to me.It's never failed before. Just get a posh bloke to go on telly and say it's for the good of the country.  
I think, following the disturbing, recent revelations about the ERG - the secret Tory Government within a Government led by Rees-Mogg - the likelihood of a no deal Brexit is as high as it could possibly be. All we are on now is a clock. 
 Your own. Personal. Brexit. BAWOOOOO  
..best bit is @RuthDavidsonMSP talking about "focusing on the day job" Ms Invisibility does your day job not include Brexit, its analysis and explaining how that much vaunted influence you have in Cabinet is being used.  
WATCH: Professor Michael Dougan consider the Brexit transition period in his latest video 
Delighted to be joined by @cos_detoma telling us her very personal story as an Italian who’s lived in the UK for over 20 years. The referendum result shook her but what did she do? She turned her anger into action and helped set up @The3Million for EU citizens in the UK. 
John Redwood: A Simple answer to EU proposals on 'Transition'There is a simple & easy answer to latest EU paper on Transition...No Thanks!Simples!#Brexit #EU 
Whether you're for Hard Brexit, Soft Brexit or like us, for No Brexit, if you're a Labour member or supporter you will be for democratic socialism. It's vital there is a full debate within @UKLabour so that Labour people define our Brexit policy. Please have your say here   
The job of #Parliament is to call time on this debacleWe do not create constitutional change through #plebiscite like some #BananaRepublic.Nor dare parliament to not ok the result.The time/money being spent on an effective draw ..#Brexit -#TheRichGetPaidAndThePeopleGetPlayed 
*MISSING PERSON APPEAL*it only takes 3.2 seconds to retweet this, and help find David Mundell, 55, who has not been seen since the Brexit impact reports were released.  
See, MPs have tied themselves in knots to avoid having to admit a very simple fact, beingThey should never have held that referendum 
At the end, all Brexit conversations end up the same. You bloody foreigner coming here and help our fishing industry prosper, how dare you want to save our industry from another Tory betrayal. I'll keep on speaking out for what I think is right for my children and grandchildren.  
Just back from Dublin. Politicians and business all warned how a hard border on the island of Ireland would put stability and Good Friday Agreement at risk. Vital we remain in the Single Market and Customs Union post #Brexit for future of Wales, UK and Ireland 
Regardless, of the #Brexit argument, I genuinely don’t understand how Leavers can square their fury at @georgesoros getting involved with their apathy towards non-British @rupertmurdoch and his pro-Brexit papers. Genuinely baffled 
Brexit Britain will be robust, Deputy Governor of Bank of England says the economy’s growth over past year suggests we will remain strong whatever the outcome of Brexit talks, we can walk away with our economy intact & heads held high. 
Off to Manchester in a bit with the fellas, city are playing Man City at Maine Road. 17.30 kick off, modern football ay! World's gone mad. Hoping to see good defending & wallops, a nice 1 nil win! Hard Brexit Harry Maguire will need to be on top form. Fancy foreign forwards! 
Ruth Davidson & David Mundell's current position on Brexit: See no Brexit Hear no Brexit Speak no Brexit 
Edouard Grieg,  Mikhail Lermontov and Immanuel Kant were descendants of Scottish migrants in Europe. Adrian Wiszniewski, Eduard Paolozzi and David Mach are products of Polish and Italian migration to Scotland. Brexit can go to hell - it is not who we are. 
It’s about the Week in Westminster in a week that Anna Soubry has made news, and her interview came after an interview with strong Brexit supporter Anne Marie Trevalyan. 
Thank goodness for that. Anna Soubry is on Week in Westminster. It had been nearly eleven minutes since part of the BBC empire had given the Tory backbencher chance to let the nation know she still thinks Brexit isn't a good thing. Phew. 
It's not enough to let EU residents stay – they should get the vote, too. In the UK, more than 2m EU workers are non-citizens and cannot vote, despite paying taxes and filling UK’s most precarious jobs.#Brexit should be the moment that anomaly is ended.  
How many have we been told by Labour that the ‘real fight starts now’ ?The truth is Labour are never going to oppose Brexit whilst Jeremy Corbyn is leader of the Labour Party. Until Labour realise that we are going to be stuck with Tory Brexit. 
 Little old me. Didn't even have a Twitter account before referendum. Hadn't really thought about EU for 40+ years, hit 5000 followers this morning! It's #FBPE #Saturday  
Rumours are circulating of more Brexit damage to Scotland 
Fantastic turnout here at our #ExitfromBrexit rally - why are we all here? Because London doesn’t want Brexit and it’s up to us to stop it. #LondoninEurope 
Great rallying call from @jonathanfryer at Richmond #citizensrights #ExitFromBrexit event. Stressing importance of getting good results in May's council elections. Make no mistake a vote for Labour or Tory candidates will be a vote for #Brexit . Vote @TRLibDems & @LibDems in May 
I share this view that May & her ministers are caught in a #Brexit trap of their own making.I'm worried they're incapable of escaping.Others will have to do that job for them, but that brings us onto Corbyn!If there was capable leadership we would be about to #ExitFromBrexit 
If a story puts @realDonaldTrump or #Brexit in a poor light, it is news & will lead news bulletins until they get some more fake news that is anti #Trump or anti #BrexitIf a story reflects well on #Trump or #Brexit it is ignored because it is not in line with the MSM narrative. 
Do one thing this weekend to change the Brexit debate. Make sure the voice of Labour members is heard. JUST. CLICK. HERE 》》 And share!  
Brexit Britain: cutting itself off ... then demanding the world engage with us!#Brexit #StopBrexit #DavidDavis #Remain #Brexitshambles #EU #FBPE #ABTV #WATON 
Yes it is rigged. But you seem incapable of realising that #Brexit is the Tories‘ instrument of choice in their bid to set up a deregulated, low-tax, Singapore-style economy. If you don‘t #stopBrexit you can forget your plans 
Good question!FISHINGGVA: £682 millionN° employed: 12kAUTOMOTIVEGVA: £15.8 billionN° employed: 155k(Data: .@commonslibrary)#Brexit = *destroy forest to save 1 tree* mentalityIf Ms Hoey is so concerned about fisheries, she cld try working WITH the EU instead of against it  
Why would @UKLabour self-harm? They don’t have the power nor numbers to stop Brexit.As the saying goes:“Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake”.Let’s see what #Brexit deal the @CONservatives bring us. Then strike.Brexit IS happening w/ Tories in power. 
The only good news headline you'll ever see about Brexit will be when we #StopBrexit#WATON - #WeAreTheOppositionNow #FBPE #PCPEU #SaturdayMorning #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Britain is seeing its shallowest investment recovery in more than 50 years, Mark Carney says  
Jacob Rees Mogg said the main argument he used to persuade some Remain voters that Brexit is a good idea was to point out that he cannot as an MP take up and sort out many problems which fall under the powers of the EU, stifling democratic opportunity for change and improvement. 
Read:  via @thepileus Theresa May's Tenure And Incompetence as Prime Minister has show itself to be Corrupt, Hiding Files on The Tory Paedophile Ring and  Brexit Refusing point blank to make them Viewable For the "Will Of The People To See" 
On track for May #repealthe8th referendum Minister tells Coalition @repealeight 
This brave Conservative MP needs our support. Anna Soubry: I am not sorry for calling on May to 'sling out' Brexit MPs  
 Brexit has lobotomised politics and our leaders have abandoned leadership - no beating about the bush from @nick_clegg here.Get the full story on Unfiltered with @mrjamesob now -  
John Redwood: EU paper on 'transition' is Totally Unacceptable:“For the purposes of the [EU] Treaties, during transition period theParliament of the UK shall not be considered a national Parliament”Enough is Enough - Leave Now!#Brexit #EU 
Jacob Rees-Mogg reignites Brexit conspiracy theory row  
Unless you back out of #Brexit you haven’t got a prayer of ending austerity. You know it and everybody else knows it.  
"I'm voting Brexit because I'm sick of all that immigrant labour undercutting British work.. oh".Might have to pay more for food to make higher wages for those on low wages who.. can't pay more for food. Interesting trade-offs, interesting times. 
Dear Nicola @NicolaSturgeon it may come down to you, you may be our only hope of reversing this Brexit madness when the time comes. The time is near.#dontbrexitfixit#StopBrexit 
Hungarian Government Slams Anti-Brexit Plot: ‘Why Do We Say “Stop Soros”? Just Ask the British People.’  
Tory MP @Anna_Soubry : I am not sorry for calling on May to 'sling out' Brexit MPsIt's noteworthy that on Twitter much of the backing for Rees-Mogg is coming from the far-right Arron Banks, Westmonster, Leave EU axis. #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit #WATON 
#FBPE & #FollowBackProEU were "only supposed to take the bl**dy doors off" but together we are taking down brexit. Get connected, get involved & when you need a break, join us here on our non-debate & no tagging thread. There's cake but no cakeism. 
Like Shadow NI Secretary @OwenSmith_MP I can’t see any other way of addressing Irish border issue - without putting Good Friday Agreement at risk - or putting #Wales at huge disadvantage @Open_Britain #Brexit  
Many right-wing Leavers who admire Winston Churchill are seemingly unaware that Churchill was a passionate advocate of a US of Europe that would end the madness of nationalism, and that in the early 1960s he supported UK entry into the EEC.#StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE #WATON 
We agree, we must stand up & fight for ordinary people."In time to come people will look back on this disaster and remember who opposed Brexit and who didn’t. For the sake of the country and the party I hope we put ourselves on the right side of history" 
Tory Leavers should take note that Margaret Thatcher reiterated Attlee's warning that referendums are a "device of dictators and demagogues". The abuse of democracy during the #Brexit process has amply demonstrated the wisdom of that warning. #StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON 
Wake up May!EU is treating Britain like Mugs . . .Barnier says the transition is no longer “a given”We should say OK, here’s something else “not a given”­­. . . 39 Billion of our British pounds ­plugging the black hole in YOUR budget!#Brexit #EU 
Concerned that Brexit is distracting the government from everything else? Don’t worry. They’re still managing to make sure poor children go hungry.  
Secondly, if it wasn’t for the blatent xenophobia evident south of the border we might have seen EVERYONE resident in the UK in 2016 given a vote on #Brexit Makes you wonder who the real racists are on this island? 
July 2017: Mundell promises Scotland a Brexit powers 'bonanza'.October 2017: Mundell is unable to name a single power returning to Scotland.January 2018: Mundell misses #WithdrawalBill deadline.January 2018: Mundell accused of misleading parliament. 
Perhaps the perfect Brexit metaphor.- Mum, can I eat this apple?- No, that's an onion.- That's an apple!- It's an onion.- It's an apple!!!.- ok, if you insist then eat it.(Better dead than admit the mistake) 
Brexit BETRAYAL: 'Treasury PLOT' to keep UK in halfway deal with EU revealed to Cabinet  
If you’re a Labour member and can do ONE thing this weekend to help the pro European cause, click here to support our call for a proper #Brexit debate within the party:  
A another big thank you to all my followers, old & new especially all of you who support @ForBritainParty . I will always follow back any like minded people on Brexit, Islam & MAGA where ever you are in the world. Thanks once again. 
'They are terrified!' BBC editor reveals REAL reason behind EU's Brexit threats to UK  
I'm a Londoner. Let's have 3 cheers for our MEPs who put country before party & support our great Remain city against their party's Brexit *Unsinn* (nonsense in German) @LucyAndersonMEP@SebDance@maryhoneyball@Claude_Moraes@CharlesTannock& @GreenJeanMEP in Remain party 
1. #Brextremists: It's as if a huge lake of wishful thinking is evaporating in the strong sunlit reality & they're being forced gasping 4 airtime into a fast diminishing puddle of hate where they'll end up consuming each other & their stupid #Brexit which could never have worked. 
I agree. I own a UK business that is 100% export focused. We manufacture specialist fire protection solutions & sell them worldwide protecting buses, wind turbines, aircraft and host of other things from Fire. Brexit almost certainly means relocating to EU. Tax & jobs lost for UK 
Britain to add #Nigeria's naira to list of accepted trade currencies . #Brexit #Naira 
“I agreed to come out of EU, but I am beginning to have second thoughts. I think it’s a mess, and I’m sick to death of it,” said Ms. Holtom. She added that, if there were a second referendum, “people would vote to stay.”That’s why Brexiters are scared. 
A mystery anti-Brexit group is conducting a coordinated campaign of  intimidation, sending out death threats to many of the most prominent  backers of the vote to leave the European Union (EU).  
Senior backbencher Jacob Rees-Mogg, who heads a 60-strong group of Euro-sceptic Tory MPs, last night denounced Mr Barnier’s threat as “feeble” and urged the Government to abandon the idea of a Brexit transition.He said: “I would be happy to move to World Trade Organisation terms 
Since a majority of Britons voted narrowly to leave the bloc more than 18 months ago, most politicians had considered Brexit a certainty. Even amid signs of a slowing economy, few saw signs of a shift in public opinion. Until now.  
Dear fellow EU27 citizens in the UK, do you remember a time when you thought nothing of speaking Polish, Spanish, German on a bus? When you were not blamed for crisis in the NHS/housing/education? Good times, eh? Where did the old Britain go? #Brexit #WATON 
In a recent survey 1 in 3 DUP politicians was found to be just as stupid and uninformed as the other 2 about trade issues at the border due to Brexit. 
We need a proper process to debate #Brexit within our party so we can win the argument in the country. Two hours of discussion at the National Policy Forum next week is wholly inadequate - it’s as simple as that.  
Food rotting in our fields. #Brexit is a scandalous waste: a waste of resources, of opportunity, of the chance to work together to meet our needs, rise to our challenges and build a better world.  
Essay on future of EU citizenship, to be published as part of a book of @_GlobalCIT forums, ed Rainer Bauböck. Book itself will be open access via  @SpringerOpen and @IMISCOE. Contains reflections on issue of EU citizenship after Brexit.  
Next weekend Labour members will meet in Leeds for the National Policy Forum. They will spend 2 hours on #Brexit & then put it back in the “too difficult” box. It’s not good enough - support @laboursinglemkt call for a dedicated policy commission  
In Today's News:- Barnier tells May transition is ‘not a given’- Cabinet rejects plan to keep UK half in single market- UK factories post best year since 2014 as exports boom- Nick Clegg backs ‘constitutional crisis’ to halt Brexit 
I don't understand some of Britain's positions on Brexit, Michel Barnier says  
There’s hope in the air in Belfast this morning, that a deal can be done to restore government at Stormont. We need it, because N Ireland desperately needs a voice at the Brexit table. 
The rule is law is threatened by _this_ Brexit. You need that to have a functioning democracy. We are living under an arbitrary government. It must be called out. It’s not too extreme to say democracy is threatened. It is. 
‘We’ve gone on Brexit by mistake’Millions of Leave voters thought Brexit wouldn’t actually happen, the EU would cave in and offer us a special deal. Guess they were wrong?  
Revealed: These 70 Tory MPs Support The Hard #Brexit Group Led By Jacob Rees-Mogg  via @alexGspence 
A hopeless Prime Minister tries to sell a message of hope - she forgets that the nation can see the NHS Crisis, the Brexit shambles, the increase in poverty, the devastating effect of austerity...  
EU is aiding Dublin in trying to produce all-Ireland endgame from Brexit deal.1998 peace deal only provides for all-Ireland solution arising from a referendum.Unionists will not take it lying down, nor should they.Once again EU threatens peace in Europe 
"It's easier to fool people than to convince them that they have been fooled" - Mark Twain #Brexit  
Excellent thread, worth a read. After Brexit, EU countries will become our competitors & UK businesses will be hit hard.How can anyone, especially if involved in business, support this colossal act of self-mutilation?  
Just a sliver of the full #Brexit costs to come!  £1k for Govt to hand-deliver the Brexit letter in the 21st Century, to take us back to the 19th! #FBPE 
Respect to the amazing @Anna_Soubry for standing up and fighting. On the substance, beware of soft Brexit: the choice we have is btwn leaving and staying+leading in EuropeAnna Soubry: I am not sorry for calling on May to 'sling out' Brexit MPs  
Time for this Govt to admit they can’t negotiate a positive Brexit because there IS no such thing as a positive Brexit.There isn’t even an adequate way of transitioning. Yet everyday we lose skilled workers, credibility, and value off our currency  
Are you a vote-eligible Irish citizen abroad? Be part of an Ireland that listens to and trusts women. Start thinking about making the trip #HomeToVote in the referendum on #8thamendment. Visit:  for info. #Repealthe8th 
Triggering A50 with no strategy other than hoping your opponent will disintegrate was absolutely reckless. Pre A50 the government had to come clean and state that the options were Norway, Canada or no Brexit because gambling that a bespoke deal was available was too risky. 
EU is struggling to make legal sense of Theresa May's Brexit promises on the Irish border  
'They are terrified!' BBC editor reveals REAL reason behind EU's Brexit threats to UK  
#brexit - I received a new tax code in the post yesterday, the chart below was printed on the rear. As an ardent  remainer I was actually very surprised how small a percentage of my taxes goes to the EU. I am sure many who voted leave would also be surprised. #stopbrexit  cont.. 
Scotland announces free university tuition for EU students after Brexit, sends strong message that EU citizens are welcome  
Summary:1. Brexit reveals our political system is failing. 2. After all, what kind of political system treats 52 as a bigger number than 48?3. It's so UNFAIR!4. Brexit will be almost as disastrous for the UK economy as our failure to join Our Euro was.5. That's all, folks!  
Disgraceful.  We should ALL be able to read these reports.  What sort of democracy do we live in? Why isn't @UKLabour @JeremyCorbyn complaining about this? Why aren't they talking openly about the economics effects of Brexit? Tory's are destroying the economy supported by Labour.  
The more Brexit bullshit I hear, the more embarrassed I become. Brexiters aren’t patriots, they’re just insecure. Patriotic people want what is best for their country, they don’t screw their country because they don’t like hearing people speaking languages they don’t understand. 
“But we’re the 6th (prior to Brexit, 5th) biggest economy in the world!” Yes, but we got there by being IN the EU. You think we’re going to overtake US, China, Japan, Germany and France by abandoning the most sophisticated trading bloc on Earth? 
Dear Leavers,Meet the exciting world of Brexit.They convinced you the EU was responsible for NON-EU immigration (it isn’t), & you’ve had enough of brown people, so instead of looking at a map & thinking it through, you voted Leave, & now we’re getting this.Feeling robbed?  
This is epic: Andrew Pierce is involved in a furious row with the chief of the group trying to block Brexit when she won't reveal who their donors are. 
Anna Soubry: I am not sorry for calling on May to 'sling out' #Brexit MPs MP says likeminded Tory colleagues will not let party’s ardent leavers get own wayKeep up the good work Anna... we're all behind you. #StopBrexit #FBPE @Anna_Soubry 
Labour MEPs always said that for the Tories EU ‘red tape’ meant protection for workers e.g. limiting working hours and ensuring safety. Hard evidence now that we were on to something  @Labour4EU @labour4europe @EuroLabour #Brexit  
EU's Barnier says "we never wished to punish the UK."  Seriously?  The #Brexit Facts4EU team demolish the EU lies.  Read the story here:  
More Brexit common sense from Rees-Mogg in response to bully boy Barnier. “I would be happy to move to World Trade Organisation (WTO) terms without a transition and save £39billion that could be spent on the NHS."  
Going to see my MP today, I can't stand by and let this incompetent  government make a total hash of Brexit, I'm going to make it V clear that Labour need to start opposing the government now!  I want them to back a 2nd ref and/or Single Market & Customs Union. 
Big day of action today in #Leeds. Leeds for Europe street stall in Briggate from 12.30 followed by public meeting at 3pm: “Can #Brexit be Stopped?”. Full house expected at the Civic Hall but a handful of free tickets remain on Eventbrite if you are quick!  
A Labour Govt would NOT sell #NHS offA Labour Govt would invest in #NHSA Labour Govt values our #NHSCORBYN has a clear #Brexit strategy  
Jacob Rees-Mogg, chair of the pro-hard Brexit ERG group, said: “I would be happy to move to WTO terms without a transition and save £39bn that could be spent on the NHS. It is rather feeble as threats go.”Other medieval relics are available.#sendouttheclowns #StopBrexit 
I was a Remain voter during the referendum, but having watched the antics of the EU, and also the way the British media fawn all over them and don’t call them out for their attitudes, I think I would vote Leave in a repeat. Refusal to negotiate with Cameron pre-ref quite telling.  
The first Britons were Black. Through Brexit, the majority of Britons essentially voted for a message of "foreigners go back".If there's one nation with no right to complain about immigration it's Britain. Historically Britain created the problem they are now complaining about. 
It's actually quite staggering that the chief EU Brexit negotiator Barnier would ever contemplate the UK building a wall in N.Ireland. He's shown a real lack of understanding on his part but ultimately highlighted their desperation to keep the UK in full-alignment via a back door  
Blackadder on Brexit:"It's the worst idea since Lucretia Borgia suggested 'Hey why don't we have some friends round for a wine and anthrax party!'" 
The mentality behind Davis, Mundell, Ruthless D etc re Brexit Badnews - is "It'll blow over / keep your head down / resurface on a good day to bury bad news/ the plebs will forget / it'll be fine".Well, actually : it won't/we know you're hiding / they won't / it won't. 
If they take away rights afforded by our EU citizenship, it’s not difficult to imagine civil disobedience. So far the 48% have been restrained & used arguments based on evidence, but in the extreme case that is Brexit, there are limits to how much ppl will tolerate being ignored  
If Northern Ireland (56% Remain) is given single market & customs union access, then so should Scotland (62% Remain). #Brexit #Poll 
Kate Hoey believes the Brexit impact assessment, but only the bits she likes. That's called confirmation bias in the world outside her head.  
It now seems that the only real reason that @theresa_may is contemplating economically disembowelling the UK with #Brexit is because she’s afraid the UK will look a bit silly if it doesn’t go through with it. That ship has sailed.  
LETS BE CLEAR this UKGov is being run by an inner sanctum cabal of extreme MPs who want to keep their billions safe and return the UK back to an outdated class system where overlords rule over the serfs-THE RICH MANS BREXIT IS NOT FOR US   
'@theresa_may needs to get rid of all the #remainers in #government who are still opposing #Brexit. They are working against the #UK, undermining our  interests & are siding with the #EU against #UKdemocracy & the #British people! #BBC #SKY #LBC @ConHome @CCHQPress @Conservatives 
#Britain will block #EU demand that #Brussels must set #fishing quotas during #Brexit transition after @michaelgove wins #Cabinet battle!  #BBC #SKY @BBC #LBC @ConHome @CCHQPress @Conservatives #Conservatives #BREXIT @daily_politics #UK #ConservativeParty 
GEORGE SOROS EXPOSED IN SECRET ANTI-BREXIT PLOT TO PREVENT ENGLAND FROM LEAVING THE EUROPEAN UNION   
It's a sensitive issue, but the UK fishing industry actually makes no more money for the country than the UK porn industry. Yet no journalist that I know of has ever looked into the effects of Brexit on British porn.#FBPE 
Farage at Irexit Conference: Brexit And Trump Revolts A ‘’Pivotal Point’’ In Western History (VIDEO)  
Oh dear! Tory ‘false smear chickens’ coming home to roost! Oh what a tangled web they weave when they practice to deceive! Lies, deceit and hiding the evidence!Scottish Tory MP fails to answer simple questions in car-crash BBC interview over Brexit. 
Our plans at Best for Britain aren't secret – we want to stop Brexit  
Brexit is embarrassing. It’s embarrassing for our nation, but, more so, it’s embarrassing that so many working class people are following multi-millionaires, like Farage and Rees-Mogg, thinking that they have the interests of our people at heart.The Big Brexit Brainwash.  
#Brexiters Once we Brexit, we will pay a tarrif to sell our catch to the EU but we won’t have much to sell because the fish we sell to them we catch in EU waters & we can’t go there after Brexit. The fish we do eat, cod and haddock we buy chiefly from Iceland. Catch 22, urgh! 
Anti-Brexit organisation Open Britain seemingly setting their new bounty of Soros money to dreadful use by creating fake Facebook accounts purporting to support remaining in the EU by creating fake scenarios to play on project fear and sympathy.Utterly disgusting tactics.  
substitute USA & U.K. for Australia and Russia for China and you'll understand tRUmp and Brexit. divide to destroy. it's the chekist way.  
The government told us all that workers’ rights would be protected after Brexit. We don’t need the EU to do that for us, they said. Well it turns out we do.They are now investigating ‘opportunities’ for cutting them.  
Brexit: into the grinding machine - slowly, inexorably, Mrs May is being pulled into the grinding machine of the EU's legal machine, driven by her indecision and lack of resolution. And as the clock counts down, all we can do is watch in awe...  #Brexit.  
Hang on, I assumed this was from months ago, but it’s from today? When Brexit forecasts for Scotland are disastrous, this is what she raises her head to comment upon? Incredible.  
It’s now been 2 years and the media on both sides of the Atlantic are still pushing their own anti-Brexit and anti-Trump agendas as they see fit.  
Well it seems the anti Semitic trope headlines of Telegraph & Mail created such a response that @BestForBritain benefitted from an upsurge in donations. It's almost like there's a #Brexit Karma out there...  
Remoaners are WRONG! Brexit Britain's financial system would be 'robust' without EU deal  
I feel like if more people over 65 in the UK had watched Paddington, Brexit wouldn’t have happened. 
#bbcnews can find a gold bullion scam, but can't locate SoSfS @DavidMundellDCT from his facebook page or catch @RuthDavidsonMSP in between her calls to radio shows to discuss her love of all things mantovani. #ScotRef #brexit #Referendum2018 #Aye2 #ImaScotsmangetmeoutoftheunion 
When reading #Brexit press headlines remember that facts are secondary. What counts is the emotion provoking content. The aim of the headline is not to convey a fact but to engender an emotion.#StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE #WATON 
I run a small business.I could be putting it, my job, my livelihood and my future at risk by being openly anti-Brexit. So why? Principle and (I hope) a back-bone.I wish MPs would do the same.#StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON 
The #Brexit press ranting about a  Soros 'plot' are not trying to make a factual statement. They are trying to whip up an emotion of fear & paranoia about foreign plots and saboteurs within. By doing so they immunize Leavers against our facts & reasons.#StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
This is wonderful. May’s ex-“master strategist” @NickJTimothy has inadvertently caused an upsurge in donations to @BestForBritain’s efforts to stop Brexit.As with Brexit and GE2017, self-harm seems to be a key part of all of his and his ex-employer’s strategies.  
Didn't I tell you all along that Barnier and the EU were just using the Irish question to try and force Britain to back down on Brexit.  Before it's too late we should negotiate directly with the Brits for our own interests. 
Jezzer  of Lexit the Closet Kipper #brexit  
a) The only violence was from one of Rees Mogg's hired goonsb) RM denies the rights of women to have abortions even when rapedc) RM is up to his neck with a multi billion pound company who will make masses after Brexitd) RM's driving a hard Brexit despite the damage it will do  
*report shows Brexit will be awful for every sector**might catch a more cod though**Hoey doesn’t believe any negative projections**Hoey believes the nice bit about fishies which confirms her own bias**UK is being completely fucked by confirmation bias* 
Not a unicorn in sight... #Brexit will not live up to a single promise made by the Leave campaign. We have been sold down river on a false prospectus so that the ultra-rich can go on avoiding paying their fair whack of taxes.We can stop this madness. Demand #FinalSay! #FBPE 
Met a talented young lady from #Romania today, multi-lingual, smart, runs a hotel in the Highlands, a real asset to our community. She's going home because of #Brexit, most of her colleagues are doing the same thing 
The Brexit referendum ‘electorate’ totalled 46,501,241.Leave votes 17,410,742Remain votes 16,141,241.Hardly a landslide, barely a democratic way of pushing through the biggest change in the UK in 40+ years. Parliament should have taken responsibility.  
Leading cancer professor leaves UK - citing Brexit fears  
A no-deal Brexit solves so many problems. We leave on 29 March 2019, use WTO rules and collect £7.7bn a year in tarrifs, save £39bn payment, take our share of EU assets, no more ECJ, stop more EU migrants, control our territorial waters. It's not that difficult. 
Jeez.  Has this muppet actually read any of the Brexit economic impact studies? By supporting Brexiit the only radical change Corbyn and Leonard stand for is rapid economic, industrial and social decline. FFS get real @LabourRichard 
- because brexit is overwhelmingly if not entirely negative- It’s a bit weird to ask a specific journalist to retweet positive news about fishing, Hoey. He’s the political editor of Sky News, not the Tuna corrrespondent Of Fish and Friends Magazine.  
Suddenly *No Deal* #Brexit has reared it's head again & become a very real possibility, even though it was never #Leave's stated intention to leave the EU without a deal and LeaveHQ said it would be "so catastrophic, no responsible Govt would do it." Scary. Demand #FinalSay! 
@WingsScotland Just a theory but having seen David Mundell interviewed in the past it's been clear that the more worried or under pressure he becomes the more his voice becomes panicky & high pitched. Maybe he has been doing Brexit impact interviews but only dogs can hear him? 
V IMPORTANT STORY BREAKING: Judge in Amsterdam refers case of British nationals wanting to retain EU citizenhip to ECJ. Judge Bakals says no referendum in a democracy should prejudice a minority. 1/2 
I've just started a new e-newspaper about stopping #Brexit. If you'd like your Tweets to be included, please just add the hashtag  #StopBrexit ... and hey presto, you're in!  .@Labour4EU and other friends.  Please RT, thanks 
Let’s be realistic now on Brexit. @labour has blown it, unforgivably. If you’re against it, you’ve one option: @LibDems. Join today, please. 
*Brexit Negotiations Update*  
Our movement has half a million members and had almost thirteen million voters at the last election. Our Brexit policy is set by about 6 people. That cannot be right for a democratic socialist Party. Please change it here:   
Strange  the 13  Scottish Conservative MP,s appear to have gone missing? since the Scottish Analysis on Brexit. Which they all claimed never existed in the first place appears to have sent them  of on a game of hide and seek. We seek them here we seek them there!  
I have to say that this is completely true. The LibDems were pro EU before the advisory referendum, pro EU the day after, and Anti Brexit now. If you are anti brexit, join up. I did. And i'm for a fight.... X #FBPE 
I feel a further block of remainer trolls coming on very shortly #Brexit #ThatGinaMiller #SorosGroup set up by Gina Miller trains Remainers in Leave heartland to CHANGE Brexiteers minds 
Brexit: Official document raises prospect of tampering with workers' rights to boost economy  
Now we know what Brexit means, and it isn’t what the North East voted for.“I didn’t come into politics to make people poorer,” says @ChiOnwurah MP.Time to #StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
Shocking new report says that if #brexit maniacs prevail in London, Irish economy will lose up to €18bn. Thanks, neighbour.  
Banks doubt whether ‘mutual recognition’ will be possible.So we might not be able to trade our wares then.Feck. Brexit is definitely just not working. At all.  
'Brexit is fantastic for Japan' Rees-Mogg's brilliant reason why world will LOVE UK trade  
This is epic: @toryboypierce was involved in a furious row with the chief of the group trying to block Brexit when she won't reveal who their donors are.  
I’m more angry with @labour about Brexit because, frankly, I expected better 
Cabinet Leavers reject Theresa May's plan to half stay in the EU's single market branding it 'a plot to frustrate Brexit'  
Exclusive: Ireland will be the worst off of all EU countries - even the UK - post Brexit. Top secret report reveals the true scale of the impact of Brexit on Ireland #brexit  
I just say to @jeremycorbyn if you’re going to back Brexit have the guts to expel from your party every MP you have who doesn’t support it. 
The fishermen of Vauxhall will sleep easy tonight. Meanwhile in the real world which ever way you cut it #Brexit will damage our economy  
You belong to a party that backs Brexit, to the hilt. I’m so bored of this pitiful hypocrisy.  
Hard brexit will wreck the car industry. Nissan are said to be worried about custom delays and tariffs, and that's because the brexit Taliban will deliver ...custom delays and tariffs #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Brexit ... #TheLastLeg #AngryAdam @TheLastLeg 
LSE report: EU migrants have no negative effect on UK wages. Foreign workers pay more into UK economy than they take out. 2008 recession to blame for lower real salaries #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit #WATON 
Nah - Kate has implored us to treat the Treasury leaked Brexit assessment as “good news” - I’d just say it was news though. Ta. 
Oh NO! Those poor #Wetherspoons pro brexit beer mats seem to have been flushed. But brexit is a crap idea anyway so what do you expect? #FBPE #WATON 
Best for Britain had to hush up a survey loaded with Remain questions that it had commissioned for the early part of the week’s news cycle. 79% of respondents said they wanted Brexit to go ahead, more than half of whom favoured a no-deal. 
Jamie Oliver to close 12 restaurants putting 200 jobs at risk. Nothing to do with Brexit, just poor management, focusing on too much!  
."We are marching towards the national calamity of Brexit with our two main parties in lockstep.". 
The Leaked Brexit impact assessment are either “garbage in garbage out” or they aren’t.Why are you only focusing on the fishing numbers and totally ignoring the numbers from the same report on industries/ sectors that actually exist in your Vauxhall constituency? 
‘Russian Meddling’ Amounted to 0.005% of Total Twitter Accounts During Brexit Referendum.via @RaheemKassam 
UK: CON (ECR) would regain absolute majority according to latest YouGov poll and Electoral Calculus projection (326/650 seats). #Brexit  
EXCL: Leaked Brexit impact assessment mentions potential of scaling back workers rights’ after Britain leaves the EU, MPs who have seen the document tell me 
Jacob Rees-Mogg laughs off ‘FEEBLE’ BrusselsUK doesn't even NEED transition period!“I would be happy to move to World Trade Organisation terms without transition & save £39bn that could be spent on the NHS.It's rather feeble as threats go"#Brexit #EU 
Paper which interferes in Brexit and is owned by foreign based tax dodgers complains about foreigner living and paying tax in U.K. because he interferes in Brexit ....  
I wonder if @faisalislam might like to retweet this good news story re Brexit. Wonder why he never seems to tweet anything positive about leaving the EU ?  
Lack of migrant workers left food rotting in UK fields last year, data revealsBrexit fears and falling pound left fruit and vegetable farms short of more than 4,000 workers, with senior MPs warning of a crisis.What a waste. #StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
Great evening canvassing in Wapping. Residents demand positive change and EU citizens repeatedly raise concerns about how a hard Brexit will affect their lives. #TeamHamlets 
Jacob Rees-Mogg's arguments for a hard Brexit fail to win over Cambridge students  
"Brexit is about taking back control of our borders - and, (apparently) being totally disgusted should the EU even so much as think of controlling its only border with us in Northern Ireland !" Yes, it's that land of magical faery folk, with leprechauns on unicorns ! #bbcaq 
Brexit: 'The time is now' for Britons to change mind on leaving EU, says Tory MP and former Attorney General Dominic Grieve  
Don't mistake my support for #Remain as an ex #Brexit voter as meaning to ignore the vote. I want a #2ndreferendum after we have the facts and yes I would now vote Remain and hope it wins #Fbpe 
No comment on Brexit impact papers, but @RuthDavidsonMSP is good to give some advice on perfecting a Victoria sponge. Couldn't make this up  
Did Ruth Davidson seriously call into Radio Forth to discuss a baking show whilst continuing to duck questions about Brexit economic reports?  
An independent Scotland in the EU could be England (and Wales) closest ally when they apply for readmission 10 years after Brexit. 
Bundesbank on post Brexit finance - rather brutal.- UK as yet unclear- “Sceptical” that mutual recognition “actually possible”- No “letterbox company” redomiciles- Banks risk being left “high and dry” if don’t push button on contingencies by next month  
LOSING control of our money, borders, laws and trade That’s what #Brexit actually means despite the empty slogans of the wealthy and privileged Brexit leadersYou voted FOR the elites, not against them via @RCorbettMEP 
#LabourParty How long you going to put Jobs and business at risk by backing Brexit?Playing games with The Country's  future is  selfish and absurd.Time to join #Libdems and work for an #ExitFromBrexit 
 Hold on, @RuthDavidsonMSP and @DavidMundellDCT couldn't be found to talk about leaked Tory government analysis, which shows that Brexit could hit Scottish economic growth by 9%, but the leader of Scottish Tories found time to talk about a baking show?  
Me for @theipaper: why @jeremycorbyn will ultimately have to come off the Brexit fence and determine Britain’s future    
#Soros getting the kind of attention he deserves in the U.K. #FridayFeeling #GlobalTies2018 #Corruption #Brexit #TheStorm 
When we see this, we don't feel angry *at* Brexit voters.We feel angry FOR Brexit voters!They were told Brexit would fix the crap they have to deal with in the forgotten parts of this country, and instead, it's just going to make it worse!  
Brexit on the brink: Furious Davis hits out at Barnier’s EU transition deal THREAT   
How many times did @DavidMundellDCT stand at the dispatch box & promise 1. A " bonanza of powers " for Holyrood ?2. Clause 11 would be amended ? 3. Say the brexit impact papers didn't exist? Why is he refusing to give interviews? #MUNDELLMUSTGO 
Not only is #SNP not having the kind of debate we #urgently need on #Brexit and #indyref2, most MPs, MSPs and MEPs are avoiding it in media/online, and the vocal ones are not addressing the crucial mechanics of what needs to be addressed. (I'm an SNP member and hope to stay one) 
If Northern Ireland stays in single market, Wales must get the same deal. We mustn't be treated any different. #Brexit 
Great work by @eloisetodd of Best For Britain: “It’s No Secret, Our Mission Is To Stop Brexit” - LBC @LBC  
Increased desperation from the #Brextremists...when all is said & done they are not interested in the true will of the Ppl merely imposing their #Brexit Will on the Ppl...they're also frit because there are now some potent #Remain voices working outside the 2 party conspiracy. 
IDS et al Brexiters...we are in a negotiation...ME: This is the fundamental error of the UK Govt...this is not a negotiation; the EU are setting terms & we have to choose whether we have to concede to mitigate the damage or reject & wreck the country with a hard #Brexit 
You wouldn’t think this needed saying would you? “It is important to tell the truth.” Sometimes the truth leaves a bad taste. It is still the truth. We know this government is lying about Brexit. Brexit is bad for Britain. This has to end. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Mainstream media repeats same message day in day out, over and over again.- 'Russia is bad'- 'Brexit is bad'- 'Populists are bad'- 'Trump is very bad'- 'Islam is religion of peace'Do you believe these kind of messages? 
Greece is growing faster than Britain and is outperforming it in financial markets  
“It’s astounding that those who cried loudest about Russian interference in Brexit are utterly silent now we know George Soros has given at least £700K to campaign to wreck Brexit, to subvert British democracy” @talkRADIO 
How our incompetent leaders are leading us into a disastrous Charge of the Brexit Brigade:  
So when you hear Remainers panicking about Human Rights and Brexit, please keep this in mind: 
Campaign Best For Britain has received £400,000 from George Soros; what do you think of a foreign billionaire looking to subvert the result of the referendum?  
BBC Scotland to Ruth Davidson: 'About that Brexit analysis showing Scotland will be significantly affected...'*tumbleweed*BBC Scotland: 'Ruth was unavailable for interview'A few days later...Ruth phones a radio station to talk about the Great British Bake Off.  
Leading cancer researcher leaving UK... and, like many others, sees Brexit damaging UK research opportunities and UK healthcare. 
You accuse SNP of a failure of honesty, but nowhere have you said why. SNP have been very careful not to give date for another indyref, making clear it depends on unfolding Brexit negotiations. Nicola said she would likely decide a date in the autumn. So where is the dishonesty?  
Seeing more and more tweets like this. Don't know what the true figure is as I live in a largely Remain echo chamber  Twitter world but I urge all Bremainers to write their MPs making their change of heart over Brexit known and if it's their view call for #FinalSay 
Brexit reveals our political system is failing. The 48% must have a voice.We are now the majority. And we will #StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
Fascinating meeting on #Brexit tonight in #Leeds courtesy of @LeedsFabians. @hilarybennmp & Dr Sophia Price portraying a grim future for #Yorkshire post-#Brexit. Begs the question: what can we do to stop it? Not much time left. #givethepeoplethefinalsay #greatnorthernmarch 
For 45 years the EU has virtually ring-fenced Switzerland, Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein. Brexit is emboldening all of these non-EU countries and Brussels must be terrified. Watch. When Britain leaves the EU, these brave EFTA nations will distance themselves from its grasp. 
Millionaire Tice attacks our civil service  - @TiceRichards says that the bleak economic forecasts for a post-Brexit UK are 'absolute rubbish' #bbcqt  convenient misinformation campaign from Brexiters to distract the public from the truth  #FBPE 
Theresa May embroiled in growing row over NHS for sale in post Brexit US trade deal  via @LondonEconomic 
Brexit News:George Soros gives a tiny sum of money to pro EU groups and the Brextremists give him millions of pounds of exposure for free!Can't start laughing.#BrexitShambles #FBPE 
Far from being bullied by the Brextremists, Theresa May's record in the Home Office and her post-#Brexit rhetoric suggest that she is a hard core authoritarian nationalist, feigning a more moderate position in order to keep the Tory moderates on board.#StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON 
Remainer Terry Christian rather embarrassed himself on #BBCQT last night by continually shouting down, berating and interrupting any panel or audience member who dared to support #Brexit.  
How the Brexit horror show is revealing the failure of our political system. My column  
Britain will block EU demand that Brussels must set fishing quotas during Brexit transition  
Remainer politicians who rail about ‘Russia meddling in Brexit’ but not interventions by Soros, Obama, Goldman Sachs etc. are guilty of breathtaking hypocrisy:   
Starting the night in The Kingsway, Mackworth. Don't accept cards, English flags hanging outside the door, and yer da has just walked in singing 'don't look back in anger'. This is hard Brexit Britain.. 
This was James O’Brien’s instant reaction after Michel Barnier warned a Brexit transition is “not a given”  
The issue of the Customs Union runs to the very core of the Brexit negotiations. Brexiteers are right to fight to get Britain out of it, says @DrBrexit 
What does #FBPE mean and could it stop Brexit? We could. We should. And we will #StopBrexit.The history of a hashtag, by @mikegalsworthy. 
Brexit isn't a problem. The negotiating skills of the present administration are the main problem. The media demonising everything is a problem. This won't be easy, but as the 5th largest economy in the world, we will be fine. 
The UK government doesn't want Brexit impact assessments becoming public. But we talked to six MPs who have seen them first-hand. Here's what we learned:  
Friday night #Brexit: team Barnier came in for bit of stick at the EU27 working group over the sanction footnote in Brexit legal text.  "There was a general feeling that something was wrong". Now all smoothed over.Footnote to vanish into Brexit negotiations. 
Brexit divorce: Cartoon from tonight’s Evening Blend email, the Spectator’s roundup of the day’s news. Sign up for free here:  
I just want to say this about Brexit. I'm OK. My husband has an Irish passport. We can go anywhere we like in Europe if it all turns to shit. But I don't want to. I love my country more than I can tell you, and I don't want to see it fail. 
Sinn Fein would never knowingly support anything that was beneficial to the future of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, thus it is utterly predictable that Sinn Fein is intent on thwarting Brexit. 
Independence with full powers to control and improve our economy, or Brexit UK where our economy’s legs are cut out from under us and we have no say in or powers over our own economy to try to fix it. Not a hard choice, really. You Yes yet.  
‘The Real 48 Per Cent’ Launch Coordinated Death Threat Campaign Against Brexit Donors   
"There is a fundamental contradiction in Britain's Brexit position and Mr Barnier is simply pointing out the obvious" says Liberal Democrat Leader Sir @vincecable in response to the EU chief negotiator  
Oland passing Gourock inbound to Greenock Ocean Terminal from Dublin.If Inverclyde is dragged out of the customs union massive barriers will need to be overcome to safeguard operations on the Clyde. The simple solution is for Scotland to stay in the customs union.#brexit #trade 
The Sun, Daily Mail and Telegraph all using the same word - "plot" - to describe Soros' donation. This stinks of coordination. The real plot would appear to be that of a systematically orchestrated far-right press propaganda campaign. #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit #WATON 
I think @immolations said it best in the immediate aftermath of Brexit.If you visit your doctor with the same symptoms 20 times and he insists you're not ill, sooner or later you'll find some snake oil salesman who at least acknowledges you're ill, and buy what he's selling. 
"the European Union is demonstrating a greater understanding of the complexities of the situation in Northern Ireland and the need to protect the Good Friday agreement than the UK government and advocates of Brexit more generally"  
Walk away only way ............    BREXIT BLOCK: UK furious at Brussels as EU negotiators CANCEL talks       
Noel Whelan: EU #citizensrights of Irish citizens in North a #Brexit dilemma. It raises legal, diplomatic and political issues.  
This is my Flag and this is my country.#ReleaseTheUK #Brexit  
Favourite to be the next PM and Chair of the pro-hard Brexit ERG group, Jacob Rees-Mogg said today - “I would be happy to move to WTO terms without a transition"A hard Brexit is growing more likely every day!With no transition period, it's vital we move quickly.#Referendum2018 
Why is there still a debate about leaving. We have had a referendum, we have won the referendum, and voted to Leave. If you vote a party in at a General Election, if they win by 1 vote they are in power that's Democracy. We had 17 million votes to leave 52 % of the vote let's go. 
There’s no secret plot. The Daily Mail won’t stop us trying to reverse Brexit | Eloise Todd  
Here is Jaim, he voted leave in 2016 as he thought a narrow leave victory would lead to a “liberal leave” with membership of the EEA. He’s now seen the reality of #brexit & he’s said I made a mistake & I’m a #remainernow.It’s all in this superb blog.Bravo @Melbourneplex 
I'm getting on a bit, but strongly support remain. I hate, because of my age being grouped with brexiteers. Only a couple of my similarly aged friends support brexit. 
15 reasons why we can be cheerful about ‘taking back control’ after #Brexit - leaving the EU reopens whole areas of policy-making that have been off-limits for decades.  
Putin regards Soros as an arch-enemy because of his work building democracy in Eastern Europe. Unsurprising then that his little helpers Farage and Arron Banks have joined in the attacks on Soros. #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit #WATON 
Hard to say when #Brexit was not at a crisis point but we are certainly at one now. Real danger now that we stumble indecisively into crashing out. 
How obnoxious are you?  Both sides in the referendum debate committed to preserving EU27 citizens' rights in the UK - *and* UK citizens' rights in the EU27. Those rights aren't a "price" to be "paid"; this is an issue of basic  integrity and humanity.  
‘You’d have thought that addressing the nation’s referendum discontents would be a major part of the pro-Brexit case. Yet they have nothing. Do they even care? I doubt it.’  
Deliverooing a Brexit transition just got Uber difficult. Ministers don't like the look of the EU's crackdown on Britain's gig economy - coming down the tracks at some point after 2019.  
Me too Mary and I am fed up with the relentless Remain attempts to sabotage Brexit. I'm sad we're leaving but I think the UK will be fine. 
Absolute state of thisBrexit Plans show Scotland will be worse off under Tory PlansFluffy's out on a mountain bike in the Borders and Ruth's doing phone-ins about #BakeOff 
Customs checks and border controls - welcome to Brexit Britain!  
"When will the hardline Remainers from the political and media elite of this country start to have some faith in this country’s ability to perform on the world stage?" #Brexit  
"We’re the 5th or 6th largest trading nation in the world, are you telling me Europe doesn’t want to trade with us? Get out of it. We need to be resolute and stand together." #Brexit #bbcqt 
This week we learnt:- *any* Brexit will hurt all UK nations/regions; NE & Wales the most- our most important sectors hit hard- a hard Brexit will be many times worse than 2008 crash- Japanese investment doubtful if we leave SM/ CUNone of this was known in June 2016. 
Brexiters 2015: F*ck the EU!Brexiters 2016: The EU will roll over, they need us more than we need them.Brexiters 2017: Why is the EU being so difficult with us over Brexit?Brexiters 2018: Stop threatening us!  
Like we believe Facebook-they said you guys have no involvement in the US election, then a year later they said that you had massive involvement. So its ok for foreigners Mercer, Murdoch and offshore dodgers like Ashcroft/Mellon to bank roll Brexit?  #FBPE 
It seems a little cynical to me that the same 'activist' kids that marched against Monsanto now accept George Soros's funding to fight #Brexit ... George Soros owns 632,000 shares in Monsanto after all ???You're being used because you're young & you don't ask questions.   
Britain's Brexit self-punishment - and why it resembles Lord of the Flies. My latest blog post just up:  
great to have been on BBC again today, again talking about transition and the way in which the UK will go from a rule maker to a rule taker + how 3rd countries will look to improve their trading terms with the UK at the UK's expense. This is Brexit @Open_Britain 
'Russian Meddling' Amounted to 0.005% of Total Twitter Accounts During Brexit Referendum  
Brexit reveals our political system is failing. The 48% must have a voice | Jonathan Freedland  
“Recruiters reporting that Brexit has created the perception among foreign workers that the UK is xenophobic and racist.”This is all working out so well, no? Time for a major re-think. #FactsNotFiction 
Unlike Brexit-backers such as Arron Banks, George Soros is a force for good. He has poured almost all his vast fortune into fighting for freedom and democracy across the world, writes Hugo Dixon. 
Prepare for the next Independence Referendum folks.  
“Boris, Gove, Fox and Davis aren’t fit to run a whelk stall!”Watch @campbellclaret and @IainDale go head-to-head in this epic Brexit row  
Labour shadow cabinet have binned their meeting next week on Brexit????!! ....this after binning their previous meeting #BinInBin 
Dear Remainers trying to hinder Brexit,  please read the tweet from Mary below. She voted remain, she also speaks sense   
UK cabinet meets to disagree on Brexit ....BUT the Labour shadow cabinet DISAGREES to MEET to even discuss their Brexit position. - another for media?  No wonder Barnier and everyone else confused by UK. @faisalislam 
Barnier warns UK intransigence putting Brexit transition at risk  via @financialtimes. The May Government is in chaos and made up of the worse self serving set of individuals we have ever seen in modern times. They should be removed and Brexit stopped.#FBPE 
“Brexit does not mean #Brexit”, at least during transition, says UK government to the rest of the world regarding the 700+ treaties we have via EU with third countries that we don’t want to lose... ) 
The Brexit Moonies lost the argument months ago. That’s why all they have left is ad hominem attacks on anyone who asks them to make a positive case #brexit  
There are many niche financial centres in Europe but they are unable to provide the depth of the market that exists in London or match its infrastructure. Many of the City’s strengths are deeply embedded and largely Brexit-proof, says @DrGerardLyons 
Looking increasingly likely that Theresa May is going to hit us with a No Deal brexit.This is classic psychologyThey hope by offering No Deal, we the British Public will accept hard brexit (the Canada option)That gets the brexiteers out of the new EU anti tax avoidance laws 
Brexit is the mechanism by which the Hard Right took over the Conservative Party in Government for the first time for 25 years. Brexit cannot have happened without @jeremycorbyn support. So the leader of @UKLabour facilitates Hard Right Government. 
In 2017 UK exports have risen by 11.3% to £617.2bn, exports have increased faster than imports & the trade deficit has narrowed by £7bn, today’s ONS figures for the 1st calendar year since the EU referendum show.  
“Garbage in, equals garbage out.” Superb stuff from Richard Tice on #bbcqt. Outnumbered 4 - 1 by hostile remainers on the panel and with Chairman Dimbleby giving oxygen to those idiotic Treasury Brexit forecasts,  Tice gives their nonsense wonderfully short shrift!  
I voted remain, in the UK brexit referendum..  The democratic result was for the UK to leave.. Now, I support brexit, just the same as I support the result of the Scottish referendum to stay within the UK..   If you want a fair and just society you have to abide by the rules... 
That is it for this week's commentary on Brexit pounding the walls of reality.Have a great weekend, and thank you for following. 
Japanese Ambassador Koji Tsuruoka says he expects "free access to the European markets for Japanese businesses based in Britain to continue." and would "leave if Brexit disrupted profitability." Nissan and co. are a core Sunderland employer...  
'The prime minister is now desperate to pretend we’re an EU country post Brexit so we don’t lose the bloc’s 700 deals with other countries, covering everything from trade to air traffic and nuclear safety.' May finally admits we benefit from EU’s ...  
"What I can't get over is how apathetic most young people are in the political debate, it's not that they want #Brexit, it's just that they feel disempowered. #The75percent makes our voices louder, join the platform!"Call to action from #EUsupergirl for @the75percent #FBPE  
#ratificationreferendum is not "second referendum". The people have a right to decide whether or not to accept #Brexit deal -@CarolineLucas 
WATCH: @ThomasHCole is right - the Gov's current plan for transition would leave the UK as a rule-taker, rather than its current position as a rule-maker. Please RT so everybody knows that Brexit is reversible if people change their minds.  
As Michel Barnier describes it, Tories are still trying to obfuscate & avoid stating a Brexit position - likely they don't have one. Only a few months left to negotiate complicated positions, Tories continue to act in the party interest not the national interest. #BrexitShambles 
This Tory MP was asked if it was time to apologise for claims the SNP were "scaremongering" over Brexit. He couldn't answer... 
.@DCBMEP has criticised the EU for the way they have treated the UK in Brexit negotiations and claimed the bloc is acting like a “schoolmaster”  
With the tired inevitability of an unloved season, Brexit meets the cold hard truth of reality.  
Factoid: Theresa May not invited to attend the EU Summit in Brussels on Feb. 23. ``As the discussions are future-oriented, themeeting will be held in an EU27 format.'' #Brexit 
I predict that #brexit will bring about a near collapse in confidence in our parliamentary system. It's been handled so pathetically by both of the major parties who deserve to pay the price of their idiocy. 
These senior Brexit Tories both are more concerned with themselves than the impact of Brexit. We're supposed to trust them?  They're too busy focusing on themselves!   We need the #FinalSay not them. 
UKIP stands for: Modern and fair democracy. UKIP fights for a full BrexitA reformed House of LordsAn English ParliamentAnd Proportional Representation #ForTheNation 
My advice as an outsider remains the same to Scots: Run! Run as fast as you can! Brexit will make a train crash look like fun and games. 
Oh gosh yes absolutely.  A minor dispute over the identity of the next German foreign minister makes the Brexit disaster pale into insignificance, and means Germany is practically a failed state.  (Didn't you once mock RT for saying that sort of thing?) 
So the #EU cares more about peace in NI than @theresa_may @Conservatives and the Brextremists in their partyThis is not government, it’s obsessionPeace can be dumped, and back to the terrible past, so long as May can keep her jobPersonal over party over country#Brexit  
There is about 50-60 hard #brexit MPs @Conservativesplus another 10-20 @UKLabour.- there are currently 650 MP's in the @HouseofCommons- history will judge them harshly for their #BrexitShambles   poor judgement, lack of moral courage ... and silence !#StopBrexitSaveBritain pic.twitter.com/WceFYayFJh 
I think the Welsh, Northern Irish and Scottish parliaments should get together and agree to all hold a referendum on the same day. Much more likely to see a YES vote and all three could form a Celtic Union and take the UK's place in the EU. 
A lesson May’s secretive, hard-Brexit administration could learn from Barnier’s comments in his press conference today is how transparency can give you the moral high ground, as he emphasized the aim to be transparent with EU Parliament and EU citizens 
Brexit opportunities: Abolish VAT on domestic gas and electricity Scrap the tampon tax Ban the exporting of live lambs and calves for slaughter Revitalise fishing ports and farms, ending the hated CAP and CFP Reduce Air Passenger Duty  
British MEP reveals how even Brussels is STUNNED by Remainers trying to thwart Brexit  
Weaker, poorer, smaller. How Brexit will enfeeble Britain sector by sector.  
Brexit Secretary David Davis says it is surprising to hear EU chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier is unclear on the UK’s position on the transition period after the UK leaves the EU 
Did you vote #leave on the promise of a great free trade deal which would retain the benefits of the EU membership but with less red tape?Well a no deal brexit would be a nightmare with a huge  in red tape & huge economic cost! Regret your vote? Say you’re a #RemainerNow 
Remainers think Brexit will see Americans take over the NHS. That's utter nonsense, explains @K_Niemietz 
Another blow from #Brexit, this time to the science industry.  We cannot allow this to continue #ExitFromBrexit #FBPE 
I'd be very interested to see any internal guidelines written for staff who are reporting on Brexit  
'Customs Union and Single Market an economic necessity for Wales' - @HywelPlaidCymru #Brexit 
What does #FBPE mean and could it stop Brexit? The history of a hashtag. 
Trudeau, May strike working group for 'seamless' post-Brexit trade transition  
BANK OF AMERICA: Theresa May's Brexit plan is 'not possible' — and here's the Venn diagram that proves it  
"UK must accept the inescapable consequences of #Brexit"@MichelBarnier​ warns @DavidDavisMP that a transition period is not a 'given'. 
Let's call a spade a spade. The only people left now that think Brexit is a good idea are-A racistsB the stupidsC the ignorant (currently in bliss)D BillionairesThen there are the left wing brexcists who have colluded with all of the above and facilitated a Tory brexit  
Bit late moaning now about cuts 2 NHS,Social Care & #Education;moaning about having2pay £50,000 to go to #University ,moaning about high cost of living;moaning about Brexit.Public voted Tory. Public voted Brexit. 30% didn't even bother voting.Get in #fashion & use your vote. 
No one asked the public what their type of Brexit should be, or told them what it would mean.  As Chi Onwurah MP for Newcastle Upon Tyne says, "Now we know what Brexit means, and it isn’t what the north-east voted for". We must have the #FinalSay 
The choices are now clear:Brexit = Northern Ireland & Scotland in the single market; hard borders between NI-Scotland and England-Wales; massive economic damage to England-Wales; loss of rights in England-WalesRemain = Keeping things as they are and getting back to our lives  
As Nordic nations & #McSmorgasbord demonstrate there is flexibility in relations with EU - but only with freedom of movement & only as indy country. One size disnae fit all & Brexit is visibly collapsing under weight of its contradictions. Decision-time approaching 4 Scotland. 
#Brexit Column: Services firms may not all welcome Brexit, but outside the #EU they have more chance of seeing trade deals with the rest of the world that can boost exports, says KPMG's David Slater (@Slatsuk):  
UK Fruit & vegetable farms missed 1000s of migrant workers in 2017 - with produce left to rot in the fields & farmers suffering big losses. Brexit fears & the falling pound have caused the crisis. Only 0.6% of pickers come from the UK #BrexitShambles #StopBrexit 
Actually, I thought Mr Kerr very accurately demonstrated the UK Government’s contempt for the Scottish people, the economy and the Scottish Parliament as they stumble from one Brexit shambles to another. 
Brexit looks like exchanging hundreds of birds in our hand for a few we hope to find in the bush! We could lose 700+ trade arrangements we have as members of the EU & need to renegotiate these before starting on others. Come on guys, wake up! 
The more incomprehensible and unworkable ideas emerge from the No 10 Brexit bunker, the more obvious it is now about saving face. Ministers make claims they surely know to be daft. But they don't know how to back down. Self delusion. Not funny - the UK will suffer. 
The real enemies of Brexit are, and have always been, those who pretended to themselves and others that Brexit was easy and could be done at speed.Those who clapped and cheered every unforced error. 
UK: We want #Brexit and we want it now.EU: Ok. What do you mean by #Brexit?UK: #Brexit means #Brexit!EU: What does that mean?UK: We want to Leave the EU and retain all benefits of membership!EU: That's not possible.UK: But...WILLOFTHEPEOPLEYOUUNELECTEDBUREAUCRATSABOTEURS  
If @theresa_may capitulates to the far-right by moving for a no deal Brexit then it only take a few Tories to resign from the party and it's general election time again 
New anti-Brexit party to be launched in UK with inspiration & help from France  Nothing is impossible when the will of the people comes together, as President Emmanuel Macron has proven with his party LaREM. 
David Davis arrives by bike at latest Brexit negotiations  
To paraphrase the least rational but funniest response to the WM source information:“By tweeting this you have divided the country, you should be ashamed”Seems fair to blame the economic and reputational chaos and rampant extremism of Brexit on me. 
The degenerate cul-de-sac of Soros hatred is a natural end point for Brexit paranioa  pic.twitter.com/nL55C9IXDV 
Let's play this out:"Brexit is about to happen. Northern Ireland & Scotland will remain in the single market, accepting EU freedom of movement. There will now be a hard border between those countries and England/Wales."What do you (or your business/employer) do next?#FBPE 
I will explain this ONCE and so if the daft Brexiteers and far-right idiots could please share it with any friends they have:Ireland is in the EUMichel Barnier is negotiating Brexit on behalf of EU countriesIreland is an EU country. So Barnier is negotiating for THEM   
 Brexit has lobotomised politics and our leaders have abandoned leadership - no beating about the bush from @nick_clegg here.Get the full story on Unfiltered with @mrjamesob now -  
Barnier is threatening to withdraw transition period after Brexit unless he gets clarity.  doesn't he understand he's playing into the hands of the hard Brexiteers 
Polls on new referendum moving very sharply. Govt self-destructing. All still to play for in my opinion. 
why are none of Labour's eight policy reviews on Brexit?  Because the party policy changes by the week 
Christ we’ve been watching #brexit from Ireland like someone who just found their next door neighbour has developed a crystal meth habit. It’s depressing & horrible & you just know you’re getting dragged into their mess sooner or later, whether you like it or not.  
Britain will block EU demand that Brussels must set fishing quotas during Brexit transition after @michaelgove wins Cabinet battle 
We now Northern Ireland will remain in the single Market a move which I fully support. Of course you will remember the British Gov telling us this was impossible days after Brexit. Scotland which voted 62% remain must be promised the same deal with in days. FAILURE = #INDYREF 
Fair play to @BBCGaryR, he gave Tory MP Stephen Kerr an absolute roasting over the Brexit forecasts this morning. 
Why #Brexit means LESS control of our #money, #Borders, #laws and #trade: 
Farage: Money Soros Gave to Anti-Brexit Campaign Is ‘The Tip of the Iceberg’   
If you are a @UKLabour member, please add your voice to our call for a dedicated policy commission on #Brexit #OurFutureOurSay - see our website for details. 
A poll by YouGov showed dire consequences for Labour if it does not oppose Tory Brexit. Please RT! #LeaveWatch 
This is The Secretary of State for (AGAINST)  ScotlandFaffing about on a bike He has consistently REFUSED to be interviewed on his abject BREXIT FAILURE Forget The Bloody BikesGrow a pair and face the music &The Media to explain your utter INEPTITUDE #CompleteWasteofSpace 
18.  And then Brexit will become very problematic indeed.(*not that short in the end, sorry)/Ends. 
14.  UK would not be able to face a transition-less Brexit on 29 March 2019 and there would be no basis for period to be extended.So fairly far down that famous creek.Other than crashing out, there would only be the option of seeking to revoke the A50 notification.But. 
Yes, what have the elderly ever done except fought Hitler, propped up the treasury in perpetuity, and invested heavily in the next generations, whom they presumably care about? #Brexit #Paxman 
Government to the nation: Brexit means Brexit, and it happening next March.Government to entire rest of the world: Not really  
Where's all the 'foreign money cries' from the Remain camp now ??REVEALED: George Soros hands Gina Miller campaign £400,000 in desperate bid to STOP #Brexit 
We believe in giving young people a say over their future, which is particularly important today with this government’s extreme Brexit plans.  They must have an opportunity to vote on the final deal and a chance to #ExitFromBrexit 
Amidst mounting pressure, Labour confirms Brexit stance:  
Right on cue, a live example of the irrational nonsense driving #Brexit: WE MANAGED BEFORE WHEN WE HAD ALL THOSE THINGS AND WE WILL MANAGE AGAIN NOW THAT WE NO LONGER HAVE THEM.Wait. What? Plus, of course, an obligatory bit of racism thrown in at the end. Bravo, @tarby54.  
It's about time the government made solid post-Brexit plans to demonstrate true national sovereignty by calling Snickers bars Marathons again and restoring the name Oil of Ulay. 
George Soros Found to Have Dumped Massive Amount of Money Into Campaign to Stop Brexit - Independent Journal Review  
Project Fear claims about EU NHS staff exodus over Brexit proved wrong by latest figures  
“Barnier is having to explain to the British people what the British government is doing!” @mrjamesob rightly incredulous that May's government seems to be heading for hard #Brexit, with no viable plan, while assuring us that everything will be fine. 
That awkward moment when you realise our chief Brexit negotiator is this thick!  
We've a Gov't negotiating to keep the status quo & Remainers cheering on the EU. We need Brexiteers negotiating Brexit. It's that simple. There's a time and a place for moderation and it's not now. 
Charlie Elphicke MP for Dover started a poll on another referendum.This time yesterday Yes was at 20%.  Now at 45%.  PLEASE vote and retweet.  Feel free to comment on his page. He’s so worried he’ll SPAM you!Let Kent know he’s scared of the truth. 
A short thread about Brexit.1. The UK will leave the EU on 29 March 2019 by automatic operation of law - unless one of a very few things happen.All other things being equal, leaving on 29 March 2019 is the most likely outcome.With or without a withdrawal agreement. 
a) You are a preening douchebag.b) You are a joke, internationally.c) no one in Canada cares about you and your Trump/white supremacist apologist leanings. d) How's that Brexit thing working out for you?#cdnpoli #cdnmedia 
Daily Mail headline is -“Fury over billionaire’s plot to sabotage Brexit”As opposed, presumably, to the billionaires who used propaganda to peddle Brexit for years - Rothermere of the Mail, Murdoch, Barclays and Desmond? 
Here is the answer to my previous question about the Good Friday Agreement and Brexit. Thank you.  
When you lie to the public to win a referendum or an election don't be surprised when the facts catch up with you.  
Meddling George Soros ‘actually invested £700k in bid to overturn Brexit’  
Theresa May’s number one priority is to desperately cling to power at all costs. I predict that she will announce a nightmarish “no deal” outcome with the EU and win the support of hard Brexiters and right wing media who then portray her as some sort of Brexit Boudica heroine. 
Now we know what Brexit means, and it isn’t what the north-east voted for. My blog for @guardian 
Eurostar will link London with Amsterdam and Rotterdam by rail from April  
Theresa May: "We're not going to give a running commentary on Brexit."Michel Barnier: "Here are the latest bizarre things the UK has asked for." 
Brian. Irish people voted our constitutional claim to the six counties away in referendum on the Good Friday Agreement on the basis that there would never be a physical border on the Island again. 
We won’t allow Northern Ireland to be used as a pawn by the EU in its attempt to sow discord. ‘Full alignment’ for Northern Ireland is not Brexit. We all leave together!   
The only chance Michel Barnier has of getting our government to grasp the reality of the current situation is to either break out the crayons or get Dora the fucking explorer to do a special "Brexit explained" episode 
.@Keir_Starmer responds to Michel Barnier’s comments on Brexit transition 
Kerr also thinks the Brexit paper leak was wrong, he compares it to himself and how he would be horrified if his personal negotiation details in business were leaked.Hey @stephenkerrMP, dunno if you realised but this affects 65 million people. Not just you. 
Basically, we are now in a situation where Michel Barnier is having to explain to the British people about the ramifications of Brexit as well as pointing out the procrastination and ineptitude of the British Government.  
A poll by YouGov showed dire consequences for Labour if it does not oppose Tory Brexit. Please RT! #LeaveWatch 
A big #FF shout-out to @RemainerNow, who are giving a voice to the countless people who voted Leave but have changed their minds during the government's shambolic Brexit negotiations 
Brexit means potentially ending the Good Friday Agreement. Michel Barnier on Northern Ireland border "It is important to tell the truth. A UK decision to leave the single market and to leave the customs union would make border checks unavoidable." 
This cat is called @jeremycorbyn and he is demonstrating his position on Brexit  
Northern Ireland will stay in single market after Brexit, EU says  
If ever there was an argument for never ever having a referendum on any issue more complex than "which is your favourite crisps flavour", it is the number of Brexiters screeching "WE SHOULD JUST LEAVE RIGHT NOW". A total lack of even superficial understanding of, well, anything. 
I guess you’re far too decent to ask RMogg whether he stands to gain financially from Brexit... but, watching him sell civil servants down the river last week, we know he wouldn’t hesitate to expose you if it suited him.  
UK negotiators have been warned that the EU draft withdrawal agreement will stipulate that Northern Ireland will, in effect, remain in the customs union and single market after Brexit to avoid a hard border as mandated by the Good Friday Agreement 
"If these disagreements persist the transition is not a given."@MichelBarnier discusses the post-Brexit transition period the EU and UK are hoping to agree - and says border checks in Ireland are "unavoidable".  
It's completely wrong to claim there's been no progress on Brexit. We started off with our head in the clouds, and now it's in the sand. 
What a bizarre state of affairs that Members of Scottish Parliament should only be allowed to read about Brexit in a reading room under UK Govt supervision (... and then only get to read the even pages)  
British fishermen set to have better non-EU trading deals post Brexit  
Can someone who knows something answer this for me. Does the Good Friday Agreement effectively prevent establishment of a customs border in Ireland? If so, shouldn’t this have been re-negotiated before the referendum (if you think that leaving EU means leaving customs union)? 
Couldn’t agree more - no transition period.   Leave on 29 March, 2019 - 11.00 pm. : EU negotiator Michel Barnier warns Brexit transition period 'not a given' - Sky News  
He's a Hollow Man...below the veneer is a Far Right Brextremist happy to leave us Poorer, Weaker & Remove our Rights 4 his own personal ideology & ambition.His #Brexit Cabal ideolise him...the majority in the UK won't; as they turn towards a #StopBrexit stance his star will wane 
When Jews were being attacked in parts of Sweden, the Twitterati looked the other way and said “Sweden is fine”. When George Soros is criticised, they say it must be anti-Semitism. These cynics aren’t interested in defeating racial hatred; they just want to defeat Brexit. 
"It's increasingly clear that he can't quite believe that we don't get it yet"Excellent summary by @mrjamesob on Barnier's Brexit speech  
We're proud to support our friends @BestForBritain. The fact that the pro-#Brexit lobby are now resorting to gross misrepresentation and thinly-veiled antisemitism shows how desperate they are  Together we will #StopBrexit! #FBPE 
Brexit voters are going to get hurt so badly.  
Soros-backed anti-#Brexit group is ‘undemocratic’ – cofounder Gina Miller  
My writing about Brexit was shortlisted for last year's @EuroPressPrize. It's an amazing honour to report that I'm on the 2018 shortlist too. 
UK demands putting Brexit transition deal in doubt, says Barnier  
EU negotiator Michel Barnier warns Brexit transition period 'not a given'  
.@thomasbrake – Barnier comments show Brexit cliff-edge fast approaching with Government asleep at the wheel  
Unionists are forever saying Brexit was a UK vote, so it has to apply equally to the whole UKExcept Northern Ireland - that can be differentOh, and if we can swing it, the City of LondonOh, and Japanese car companies - they can be exemptBut not Scotland, as "its a UK vote" 
First Minister says Scotland must get the same outcome from the Brexit talks as Northern Ireland  
The pound wiped out this week's rally when Michel Barnier warned that a post-Brexit transition arrangement is "not a given"  
We won’t allow Northern Ireland to be used as a pawn by the EU in its attempt to sow discord.‘Full alignment’ for Northern Ireland is not Brexit. We all leave together!   
Brexit negotiations update.  
Then you are cleverer than the majority of your countrymen. The fact remains that FM of Scotland is paid to protect us from the lunacy of brexit. She cannot help anyone but the people of Scotland. The majority of Scots wanted to stay in. 
Of course we all now know that the   UK  stake in the EU is an investment which rewards our nation with an upside of £100bn a year net of any payments we make. That’s called an great return on investment. In effect Brexit is stealing from us. 
"If northern Ireland stays within the EU's Single Market and Customs Union, it becomes an economic necessity for Wales to be given the same deal." - @HywelPlaidCymru, Plaid Cymru Brexit Spokesperson  
Leaked memo shows @jeremycorbyn will allow European court to have sway under a Labour govt post Brexit. A complete sellout 
What we are seeing yet again is a deliberate government attempt to make it as hard as possible for the British people to learn about the consequences of #BrexitThis is an attack on our democracy. #StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON 
Dear @Conservatives and @UKLabour,Now that #Nissan and #Toyota are about to leave the UK,what is more important to you ?a) fulfilling the "will of the people" in a tainted referendum ?orb) protecting their jobs and their future economic well-being ?orc) party ideology ? 
Meddling George Soros “Actually Invested £700k in Bid to Overturn Brexit”  
Forget all that guff about Global Britain. @Theresa_May is now desperate to pretend we’re an EU country after Brexit so we don’t lose out on the bloc’s 700 deals. 
Charlie, England voted for brexit, Scotland did not. She is FM of Scotland and it is her job to ensure Scottish people are looked after. Anything else you need to know, just ask. 
The latest comments by the EU’s chief Brexit negotiator have sent the pound tumbling. Michel Barnier said a transition deal for the UK after it leaves the EU 'is not a given'  
Brussels wants power to punish the UK during Brexit transition period. Jacob Rees-Mogg's response: "Thank heavens we are leaving an organisation that takes such an aggressive stance when you don’t do what you are told."  via @PoliticsHome 
.@NicolaSturgeon: If Northern Ireland stays in single market, Scotland must get the same deal #Brexit  
1. Quite evidently there are real problems between the UK Govt & the EU..the former trying to weasel out of the December draft agreement...appalling that one has to rely on @MichelBarnier for the real facts behind this #Brexit debacle & can't trust one's own Govt. 
Checks at the Irish border will be "unavoidable" under Theresa May's Brexit plans for the UK to leave the single market and customs union, Michel Barnier has warned  
Gina Miller's attempts to play down her role at Best for Britain early on are not credible, but credit where it's due for speaking out against its plot to topple the government and undo the referendum.  
Usual sabre rattling from Barnier, not to be confused with EU's final word. But the damage this does is it truly terrorises business: no transition deal means a Brexit cliff edge in just 13 months time.  
Proud to have the endorsement of @labour4europe for Young Labour Chair.Young Labour must work to make all of our voices heard on Brexit and fight to defend and build upon vital workers', women's and migrant rights. #MiriamForChair 
.@MichelBarnier has said that a hard border is inevitable if we leave the Customs Union. He best get some proposals ready then instead of leaving it to the #UK all the time!#Brexit  
Enough hardball, enough mind games. Forget transition, let’s fully Brexit in 2019!   
Translation: We wildly mis-sold Brexit as quick, cost-free & simple.We'll never admit that or take responsibility, so we need to blame everyone else  
Introducing you to the group of hard-right Tory Brexiteers pushing for Brexit at all costs. Hold them to account.  
Isn´t it suspicious that someone as popular with the public as Jacob Rees-Mogg has not been given a cabinet position? Just goes to show ShariaMay is having nothing to do with brexit under any circumstances. She must go because she will do untold damage. 
Best For Britain: “It’s No Secret, Our Mission Is To Stop Brexit” - LBC @LBC 
That Barnier fellah is a bit arrogant.UK media are there to polish his pompous ego, as they sit on the side of the EU.There will be no EU annexation of the UK during this Transition, or we'll be having none, thanks.#Brexit. 
Brexit MUST mean taking back control of OUR fishing waters! 
LATEST: Brexit transition "is not a given" if disagreements persist between Britain and EU, Michel Barnier says  
Remember: the UK was due to give the Commission an update today on what it wants re:future trade after Cabinet Brexit discussion, but didn't due to 'diary clashes.' So we're still no closer to deciding what we want. Unreal. 
Barnier would absolutely love for the UK to maintain full regulatory alignment to ensure the UK doesn’t grasp the opportunities of Brexit and become competition for EU27. This is the EU using Ireland as a pawn and is completely unacceptable.  
It's time for Labour members and supporters to be consulted over Brexit. Our letter with @laboursinglemkt in @Independent. 
The EU and UK have "substantial" disagreements on transition, says Barnier. "If these disagreements persist the transition is not a given." He repeats this line twice, once in French, once in English, to make the point. #brexit 
Michel Barnier, at press conference in Brussels, notes that the UK did not deliver the update on its #Brexit position that it said it would. He says this is because of a "diary conflict". But it's reportedly because May's cabinet couldn't agree. 
Michel Barnier on Ireland: "Once again it is important to tell the truth. A UK decision to leave the single market and to leave the customs union would make border checks unavoidable."#Brexit 
Back in November I published a comprehensive long read at @Byline_Media covering Brexit and its Russian disinformation problem. I genuinely hope you can take the time to have a read and share.  
Brexit will mean a weaker economy and less money available for public spending.  Now I fear the UK will be less able to defend the NHS in trade negotiations too - @VinceCable writes for @theipaper 
Just written to Lords Brexit Minister calling for Gvt analysis to be published. No excuse to hide Brexit costs #FBPE 
Yesterday @Jacob_Rees_Mogg stood outside @Number10gov to deliver a petition on behalf of the @Daily_Express.The exact newspaper that has been fanning xenophobia & hate over recent years.Insightful if you want to understand what kind of Britain the #ERG wants post #Brexit  
70 Tory MPs Support The Hard Brexit Group Led By Jacob Rees-Mogg  via @alexGspence Is the tide turning? 
A beautiful Welsh-language track by @Lleuwen, written the day after the #Brexit vote, about how we need to build bridges, not walls. #WelshLanguageMusicDay #DyddMiwsigCymru @therealrhysmwyn 
Why do we say ’Stop Soros’? Just ask the people of the UK, where he’s working to overturn the Brexit referendum and perhaps topple a democratically elected government in the process. Latest on the BLOG  
596 days after the referendum, the government still hasn’t worked out what it hopes to achieve from Brexit.But I’m sure the replacement of over 750 international agreements that we’ll lose when we leave will be a doddle for them.  
Greece Is Up and the U.K. Is Down Since Brexit Vote - Bloomberg  
Brexit - the biggest con job by the super rich on the working class in the UK's history - making them vote to be poorer and less free 
siri show me a perfect metaphor for the brexit negotiations  
UK Food Labels to Show if Animals Were Not Stunned at Slaughter for Religious Reasons After Brexit via @BreitbartNews 
Northern Ireland is where brexit falls down first, the circle simply cannot be squared. The fudges so far have been tolerated but the reality will cause outrage on one brexit side or another and Mrs May knows it.  
#Brexit definition: Leave the largest free trade area on your doorstep to negotiate a worse trade deal with the world's largest free trade area on your doorstep.Bit like a trader who pays a pound a day for his market pitch choosing to pay a tenner to set it up in a back street. 
Further thought on bonkers Brexit press. This stuff is read in Paris, Berlin, Brussels. It colours perceptions of UK political culture and of underlying character of Brexit intent. 
I am now daring to risk friendships by discussing Brexit with friends and family members who don't see the risk. I HATE doing it but since neither main party or MSM are speaking out, getting the message over to people I like seems the best thing I can do .... 
Corbyn told Michel Barnier that he was open to keeping Britain in the customs union after Brexit  
ICMYI: My deep dive into the Chuka Umunna-led, new grassroots movement campaigning for a second Brexit referendum  
This is the inevitable consequence of what the UK Govt agreed to in December. It means the same deal, including #CustomsUnion membership could be made to work for Scotland as argued by @theSNP & @scotgov #brexit #ScotlandsPlaceInEurope 
The Brexit-supporting press appears to be in a bidding war to get sinister alt-right lunacy up into the mainstream. 
I've compiled this list of links to key Brexit sources: primary sources; posts on the EU Law Analysis blog; other blogsHope it's useful. Suggestions for more links welcome:  
Hoping that due to #Brexit lies  the good folk of Sunderland don't end up going from making cars to making skinny lattes on zero hours 
Stop telling me Brexit wasn’t about immigration.  
Mail has a point about foreign billionaires and #Brexit. But they were FOR leave - Murdoch, Mercer, and other hedge fund billionaires, Russian oligarchs and the richest kleptocrat in the world, Vladimir Putin 
You've got to love the British public."Over half of us are happy for you to invade Iraq!"A decade later..."We were all against the Iraq War from the start!"A note for today's political leaders:NO VOTER IS GOING TO TAKE ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR #BREXIT. YOU'RE ON YOUR OWN. 
Brexit banks must choose their new EU bases by June, Bundesbank official says  
Brexit vote was skewed by all those 50+ idiots who should have no right to vote on the Young’s future.Tony Blair 64Juncker 63 Merkel 63George Soros 83Kinnock 73Barnier 67Guy verhofstadt 64Gina Miller 54 (10yrs older than me)Clegg 51Mandelson 64 
Trade deals ‘cannot make up for Brexit losses’  
This is absolutely explosive news: „EU expects & will ensure that  Northern Ireland remains in Customs Union & Single Market after #brexit ). We‘re reaching the point brexit choices can’t be fudged or delayed anymore. UK politics about to get interesting.  
My letter to the UK Government's Brexit Secretary on behalf of the @theSNP Group in Holyrood on the unacceptable restrictions placed on MSPs when accessing the analysis papers on the economic impact of Brexit.  
So sick of all these free, trashy "news" sites stealing other people's work. This won't be a popular opinion, esp in post-referendum Scotland, but you can shove these sites. Read real journalism, check the sources, pay for it, drive the parasites to extinction. 
Not one person voted for this. No one voted for massive job losses. No one voted for the ruination of our economy.But that is what we will all get, that is what the government wants.It isn't too late to speak out.Brexit is not inevitable#dontbrexitfixit#StopBrexit 
Voters overwhelmingly now remember only two arguments being made in favour of Brexit before the referendum: curb immigration & more money for the NHS.  
Can you believe it? A Brexit-loving newspaper owned by one billionaire, Lord Rothermere, demands that another billionaire, George Soros, 'butt out' of the Brexit debate. Why? Because his money is tainted and he is part of an elite! pic.twitter.com/u2EqgePukS 
From today’s @timesredbox:Only 6 per cent of people who voted Leave now think it was the wrong decision. Exactly the same proportion of people who voted Remain now think #Brexit is the right decision. 
Before - "Puppet Master"Now - "Brexit Basher"Maybe someone pointed out to the Sun that the idea of Soros as a puppet master is a disgusting antisemitic trope - one promoted by dozens of racist, conspiracy-theory-peddling sites.  
So the Sun and the Mail joining Farage and the Telegraph on the Soros/Lizard #Brexit 'secret plot'Demonisation and Demagoguery The press has genuinely lost the plot and is an active threat to decency and democracy 
Unionism's debate on Irish language Act must recognise NI's constitutional future will be influenced by the growing Irish nationalist community. Will blocking parity of esteem & pushing Brexit make NI work? 
Banks seem to be giving up on the govt ever reaching a decision on Brexit  
A few years ago it was politically impossible for UK to agree to the NHS being part of TIPP, the EU-USA trade deal.  Now Tories can include it in a UK-USA deal because Brexit means Brexit and  it's 'the will of the people'.  @UKLabour #corbyn are you enjoying having control back? 
EU Parliament Brexit chief accuses one of Theresa May's closest allies of spreading ‘far-right’ propaganda about George Soros  
Police Investigating Remainer Death Threat Against 80-Year-Old Brexit Supporter   
MEDDLING: Now it emerges George Soros 'donated £700k to stop Brexit', yesterday it was £400k.These Russia/Brexit conspiracy theories are looking more and more stupid by the day! 
EU citizens! Yet more evidence of the shocking growth of far right nationalism and xenophobia in the UK since #Brexit. Worse, over 80,000 of them will gather in a meeting tomorrow, singing nationalist songs. This is what we in the EU have been working to stop since 1945.  
I signed this because how we approach brexit will define the chances our generation and the generations to come to secure social justice, so vital labour members are able to contribute to policy making. Agree? Then follow @laboursinglemkt for how to have your say #brexithaos 
how long does a mandate last when the Cabinet clearly cannot agree what Brexit should mean? The referendum was advisory after all... 
In a victory for @michaelgove, Britain will block EU demand that Brussels must set fishing quotas during Brexit transition  
Imagine these arrangements had been made in RussiaFor citizens to read govt documentsThere would be outcryBut these documents are in the UK regarding #brexit&the "citizens" are our elected politiciansIts like being a colony of a banana republic. 
UK Food Labels to Show if Animals Were Not Stunned at Slaughter for Religious Reasons After Brexit  An outright ban on unstunned slaughter would be better but this is a step in the right direction. 
Brexit latest: 'Everybody knew what they were voting for because Cameron & Osborne explained it to them during the campaign', say people who spent the entire campaign insisting that Cameron & Osborne were lying through their teeth. 
Germany Revealed as Biggest EU Rule Breaker as Bloc Moves to Punish Right Wing Hungary and Brexit Britain   
They say #Brexit is about taking back control. That is nonsense - it is about robbing Britons of the control to live and work across 30 countries, and giving that control back to governments and bureaucrats. #Brexit is theft!#StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON 
Exclusive: Gina Miller says Soros-backed campaign to overturn Brexit is 'undemocratic' 
British Trump?Rees-Mogg stands unequivocally for democracy, integrity & independence of Britain as a self-governing nation.He believes that since British people voted to leave the European Union they should actually leave the European Union.#Brexit#EU 
Worth reading in full. This highly qualified, Indian doctor (no Brexit issue) was selected, after a rigorous application procedure, to do important, understaffed work including on call at Addenbrooke's. NHS Trust thrilled to have her. All plans thwarted.  
Labour should use Brexit as an opportunity to really take back control and return power to people. This means leaving the EU, its single market and its customs union, says @BrendanChilton 
David Davis hits out at "bad faith" EU over "discourteous" punishment plans | Bank of England upgrades UK growth forecasts for 2018 | Corbyn faces Brexit questions over EU memo | Gina Miller says Soros-backed campaign to overturn Brexit is "undemocratic"  
The Tories’ divides would usually be enjoyable, if this wasn’t the biggest issue the UK has faced in modern times. Hammond is calling for a ‘very modest Brexit’, whilst Rees-Mogg says the UK will become a ‘vassal state’ and is calling for the hardest version of #Brexit 
ANM Opinion Poll: Vote & Retweet.What sort of Brexit do you expect the Tories to deliver? 
Why is this news? It was bloody obvious before we had the referendum!  
UK Food Labels to Show if Animals Were Not Stunned at Slaughter for Religious Reasons After Brexit  
65 existing trade deals with non-EU countries are ‘at risk because of Brexit'. Liam Fox has consistently claimed that these will be rolled over - but they won't. UK needs to renegotiate each & over 700 regulatory treaties. Fox has only been able to hire 25 staff...#BrexitShambles 
If I thought walking out with the papers would change history I would have. In terms of content, imagine failed 1st yr economics assignment. Lots of sentences- some even joined up! Few numbers & those already public. #Brexit impact ranges from complete disaster to utter meltdown.  
It seems to me that exactly two groups of people still support Brexit: the ill-informed and the ill-intentioned. #StopBrexit #A50Challenge 
Hostlity from Brexit mob . All I'm doing is pointing  out lies they've been told - don't be mad at me - be mad at con men who  lied to you 
If BBC had 100% Brexiteers on @bbcquestiontime from now on, it wouldn't make up for their anti-Brexit bias pre-Ref & since - a v. important period. As it is, they're still contemptuous of majority.  Last night 80% remainers on panel. Unacceptable.  
They came for the Police, the Firefighters, The NHS and you moaned.They came for the disabled, the poor and you moaned.After Brexit, they're coming for you and you will moan alone. 
Revealed: These 70 Tory MPs Support The Hard Brexit Group Led By Jacob Rees-Mogg  via @alexGspence 
Jeremy Corbyn tweeted 131 times between January 1st and February 8th.Just one of those tweets was about Brexit.One. 
Leading cancer professor leaves UK - citing Brexit fears  
Ireland has always been the issue most likely to blow up Brexit. No surprise the UK cabinet unable to agree a way forward after two days of negotiations. Insoluble problem.   
I fully support this letter. We need a proper process for members and supporters to discuss Brexit. @heidi_mp  
No Plan B?There is no Plan A!The ruination of our country for an undeliverable dream. Brexit will disappoint everyoneIt isn't worth it.#dontbrexitfixit#StopBrexit 
Brexit Britain.  
You have a choice:You can force the next generation into a future you know they don't want, or you can give the country a say on a Brexit deal you know is terrible. 
If the Japanese ambassador had backed Brexit you can be sure there would be wall to wall interviews on #r4today.  Instead they major on overseas wars and terrorism in their effort to avoid the talking about the disaster in the horizon. 
I'm honestly beginning to wonder whether leading Brexiteer goons should be tried for some kind of High Treason.Ministers admit almost 65 existing trade deals with non-EU countries are ‘at risk because of Brexit’  
Bringing you live scenes from the UK’s Brexit strategy  
Irish Europe Minister @HMcEntee says the more proposals the UK "take off the table" the "more difficult" it seems to have a type of customs union with no borders in Ireland. She says Ireland needs to see a proposal in its absence #r4today #Brexit 
EXCL Labour MPs who oppose party members having a say on Trident now demand party members get say on Brexit. Funny that.  via @PoliticsHome 
In one way this isn't news, it's de facto what HMG promised in December when it made its para 49 commitments to the EU. But we're approaching the stage where everything regarding Brexit has to be spelled out in black and white. Some in the UK may find the process quite surprising  
21/ Good job the referendum was only advisory, eh?  
Rare ministerial sense being spoken re Brexit on @BBCr4today - shame it’s not a UK Minister. @HMcEntee setting out a few FACTS amid LaLaLand 
That sound you hear is the sound of reality slowly crashing in on Brexit bullshit. pic.twitter.com/O56FK9ArcE 
1/These are the details of the leaked Brexit data from DExEU for all scenario's.The Govt "preferred" option of a "deep and meaningful relationship" is not on here or available.Government still in Brexit sunny uplands dream.  
Publish leaked Brexit analysis, urges Governor of the Bank of England, Mark Carney (£)  
Imagine showing British people at the time of the 1975 Europe referendum that this would be the European Union in 2018  
Japan warns Theresa May its firms will quit UK if Brexit makes it 'unprofitable' to stay  
UK negotiators have been warned that the EU draft withdrawal agreement will stipulate that Northern Ireland will, in effect, remain in the customs union and single market after Brexit to avoid a hard border.  
Our Japanese car manufacturers say that when they located here as a gateway to exporting cars to Europe they were assured by previous Tory Governments that we would never leave the #EU.What's Japanese for 'Never trust a Tory'? #r4today #Brexit #bbcnews 
'Soft' #Brexit is illusory...it's Pay & Obey No Say & it's Harder Brexit in waiting...we'll have lost our current Best Ever Deal & the odds are we'll never rejoin...we'll be losing Rights & we'll still be Poorer & weaker in the World...we nee a #FinalSay to #StopBrexit 
5/ Meanwhile the Brexit clock ticks on and the EU continues to show that even though it did not want the UK to leave it is far more prepared for the UK leaving than the UK is  
How would Brexit make Britain better? Anthony Browne offers 17 reasons:  
Court to decide if Brits can keep EU citizenship after Brexit  via @qz 
How the hell is this (not to mention the shambles of yesterday's ministerial meeting) not headline news on the Brexit Broadcasting Corporation?  @BBCNews losing credibility day by day out of fear of govt and hard right. Get a grip DG 
And the disgraceful fact that #Brexit's being used as a scarcely veiled cover 4 the ERG & this Govt to steal our Rights which many fought for & which have been encapsulated at the heart of the EU with whom we share values...this is a crime against all of us. We must #StopBrexit 
Brexit Minister Slams Tone of Leaked Paper on Possible EU Sanctions  
UK haulage drivers will require new licences & registration certificates to travel in Europe after Brexit. Experts have warned that this will create “extremely labour-intensive” extra red tape. UK industry needs to know what is going on #BrexitShambles #StopBrexit #r4today 
REMINDER: a "no deal" Brexit is about more than just a collapsing British economy; it's about the "little things" like flights to America and driving licences too.@IanDunt#r4today @LBC #StopBrexit 
Barnier is happy to indulge Corbyn by being seen with him, to enrage British negotiators & undermine May. But he'll struggle to get a #Brexit position out of him. If Corbyn ever gets off the fence his party’s unity AND support will collapse #TheCorbynCon 
Brexit: The regions that shouted loudest for Leave will do worst out of it but they’ll get no help from their Tory cheerleaders  
Really worried that big tech threatens British journalism's ability to report on things like *adjust glasses, examines notes* secret Westminster Freemasons and the shadowy Jewish billionaire sabotaging Brexit. 
Foreign billionaire propagandist Rupert Murdoch, who did so much to sway the Brexit result, would like to warn us of the dangers of foreign billionaires and propaganda swaying the Brexit result  
Northern Ireland will stay in single market after Brexit, EU says  
Remarkable contribution to Irish border Brexit debate, including facts, by @HughRBennett @BrexitCentral 
Brexit editors can see their dream threatened by reality so they are marching high profile Remainers out and shooting them. It is unfair (and nasty) and some of the journalists whose bylines are on this must know this. It is unBritish.  
After a week like this, the gutless Mr Corbyn cancels meeting to discuss Brexit to maintain ‘creative ambiguity.’   
Jacob Rees-Mogg fails to win over students in Brexit debate with @Andrew_Adonis and @NickyMorgan01 in Cambridge    
A welcome & essential outcome for the whole of Ireland but huge implications for Scotland & Wales which have also sought (& need) differential solutions.. .....Northern Ireland will stay in single market after Brexit, EU says | The Guardian  
The Tories Blair the libfibs all want to blame Corbyn, why? Because if Brexit collapses and we don’t leave it’s Corbyn’s fault if Brexit happens it’s Corbyn’s fault.. the one chance in this country’s history to have a radical progressive govt!!! And look at the state of you  
But is ok for billionaire Kiwi Christopher Chandler, American Robert Mercer, Australian Rupert Murdoch, the Russian state and offshore tax dodgers the Barclays brothers, @jimmhk and @LordAshcroft to bank roll Brexit ???? @andywigmore @Nigel_Farage @eloisetodd #FBPE 
We have a chance to have the most radical govt in our history AND stop Brexit at the same time but oh no let’s make Corbyn the scapegoat FFS!!! This is the Mail  
Which is a diplomatic warning that they will quit if there’s a hard Brexit, bc as we all know it’s the opposite of profitable. Perhaps only fair to ask the people of Sunderland, Derby, etc, if they really want to push the ‘redundancy’ button aka Brexit  
We are way past irony!To try to avoid 65 trade deals with non-EU countries being torn up next year May's Govt seeks agreement that #Brexit does not mean #Brexit & for UK to be treated as member stateFar easier to #Remain a member state & #ExitFromBrexit 
Brexit is like an alky, stumbling round, swinging punches at shadows, arguing with itself, convinced the world is conspiring against it. Going nowhere.  
Japanese car firms ready to leave Britain if EU free trade affected by #Brexit Koji Tsuruoka said Nissan, Toyota & Honda were “watching very closely” the Brexit negotiations & admitted there were fears over their future “profitability”#FBPE #StopBrexit 
George Soros, the Europhile Hungarian American who fancied himself as a god is now meddling in #Brexit trying to undermine our democracy. It says as much about the people who take his money as it does about him. #UKIndependence #UKIP  via @MailOnline 
From 2016. Let’s check in on Brexit and see how the plan is going. Oh.WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCKING FUCK HAVE THIS INCOMPETENT SHITING CLUSTERFUCK OF A  GOVERNMENT BEING FUCKING DOING FOR THE LAST 18 FUCKING MONTHS?!?!????  
Andrea Leadsom says EU migrants should not be given preferential access to Britain after Brexit  
For me #Brexit eclipses everything. If we can't stop that, the country is in for a generation of economic depression. I will only vote for a #Remain candidate in any election. 
"The negotiations started the moment we voted to leave" - #Brexit Facts4EU slams govt for its lack of basic negotiation skills. Full story:  
Breaking - Brexit plan: UK asks world to pretend we’re not leaving the EU, even though we are leaving, because being treated as if we’re leaving will be highly damaging to the UK!  You couldn’t make this up!!  
All aboard the gravy train. The gross extravagance of #EU politicians. “These people are not accessible and they are not accountable.” Thank goodness for #Brexit.  
Cambridge Union solidly against Brexit as @NickyMorgan01 and yours truly took on Jacob Rees-Mogg last night 
Twitter says accounts linked to a notorious Russian 'troll factory' sent messages about Brexit during the EU referendum campaign  
Lets make it a celebration march because Brexit has been abandoned.  #StopBrexit2018 #FBPE 
To avoid a hard Brexit , NI will stay in the single market. To avoid a internal UK border this means the UK stays in the single market.The single market requires all four freedoms including freedom of movementBrexit is dead. Killed by Ireland.Say thanks Britian. 
According to Remoaner Terry Christian the good people who support Brexit are “thick as”.   Coming after he gave one of the most infantile performances ever seen on #bbcqt that is quite ironic. 
People’s everyday experiences of Brexit will define this debate in the end. What’s yours? Pls share if you can.Most moving ones I have heard include the family whose main earner had their hours cut at Ellesmere Port, household outgoings now exceed income.#BrexitStories 
This is a key moment as @rosaltmann saysImportant the country hears about the real news of the last 24 hours - impact of Brexit on regions around the country and the Japanese telling us what British leaders will not.  
PLEASE ADD YOUR VOICE TO THE 3300 WHO HAVE DEMANDED MUNDELL STEPS DOWN AS SCOTTISH SECRETARY! SECTION 11 BETRAYAL AND NOW BREXIT COVER UP AND LIES. Mundell you are not fit for purpose. #SIGN&RTSign the Petition   via @UKChange 
The Brexit forecast for the next 20 years  
Unbelievable, what else are the Government hiding!Ministers admit almost 65 existing trade deals with non-EU countries are ‘at risk because of Brexit’ #StopBrexitSaveBritain #FBPE #WATON 
One of the few heartening aspects of this Brexit shambles is my  discovery that there are tens of thousands of people out there just as passionate about their European identity and just as incensed by the referendum result and its aftermath as I am.#stopbrexit 
It would be hilarious if it wasn't so tragic and cynical.All of those young and hopeful kids being manipulated by an 87 year old stock market speculator with $8bn in the bank !!!#Brexit is the only honest way forward. Support #Remain & let the rich elite tell you how to vote. 
Sunderland MP warns of ‘massive job losses’ as May holds Brexit talks with Nissan and other Japanese firms  
Toyota are opening a new factory near Valenciennes in northern France. 700 new full-time permanent job contracts. Merci le Brexit! 
I'm not sure that young voters really know who's pulling their strings.GEORGE SOROS SPONSORS REMAIN. You lay down with dogs and you wake up with fleas.#Brexit #Remain #Brexiteers #Remainers 
A UK Parliament committee came to the US for a hearing focused on social media, fake news, and alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 UK referendum to leave the European Union  
No Denver, no Salt Lake City for 2026. That leaves:—Calgary—Stockholm, Sweden—Sion, Switzerland (but referendum upcoming)—Sapporo, Japan—Graz, Austria  
This was written about US politics. But it’s how every week feels in #Brexit news too.  
Japan warns Theresa May its giant firms will quit UK if #Brexit makes it 'unprofitable' to stay. It looks like the Japanese don't believe in the Brexit unicorns. 
Germany Revealed as Biggest EU Rule Breaker as Bloc Moves to Punish Right Wing Hungary and Brexit Britain  
WHY is #SOROS NOT ARRESTED for CRIMES AGAINST HUMANITYFUNDING Antifa BLM Riots Chaos Crime Anarchy Treason Coups Terror Illegals #NWO Worldwide of #Brexit #AmericaFirst his Goal@POTUS #Trump #MAGA#4Trump4Peace  
In addition to its Brexit talks with the EU......the UK must negotiate more than 30 other free trade deals with more than 60 other countries -- just to stand still.It is NOT as simple as "cut" EU and "paste" UK.Our latest episode (also on iTunes) 
Brexit:  
Think we’re just about Brexit? Think again. More every day. #ForTheNation 
China is wary of providing any commitments on trade talks with Britain until it sees what is its agreement with EU –or lack thereof–and how the Brexit plays out 
COLLUSION: Foreign Billionaire George Soros Funding Gina Miller's Anti-Brexit Campaign  
14. Facebook were ordered to continue examining Russian activity during Brexit and to explain whether the 30,000 accounts deleted during the Macron election were Russian too.The company said it would respond to the committee's requests in private at the end of February. 
8. It is already known the IRA directly spent $1,000 on Twitter ads during Brexit, but significant questions remain around foreign funding during the referendum, specifically centred around the Leave groups connected to Nigel Farage. 
Brexit crying is like Hillary still talking about the election SHE LOST!! GET OVER IT!! 
BBC News - The activists who are still fighting Brexit  
Ministers have admitted for the first time that 65 existing trade deals with non-EU countries are at risk because of Brexit.What a farce. #Remain in the EU and #StopBrexit.#FBPE 
Theresa May arrives in Hell.TM: what am I doing here? I’m a vicar’s daughter.Satan: Something about Brexit. Must be a mistake. Just eat this cake and you can go.TM: I did ... but I still somehow have it.Satan: Ah well ... 
Hard? Soft? Red, White and Blue? The answer to Brexit is 42.. .plus biscuits. Here’s our latest Brexitcast   
Labour MPs demand party members get say on Brexit  
Yep. Not only have we not one single trade deal lined up to start post Brexit, but we have ripped up all the ones we have currently....... Wake up @theresa_may and smell the coffee. Brexit is a busted flush. #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Imagine that! Scottish government Brexit impact reports were spot on. Shat all over by the BBC but spot on nonetheless. BBC now in the awkward position of having to report the truth. Would be hilarious if it wasn't so fucking serious. Good night.  
25/ In 2014, the EU imposed direct sanctions targeting Russian banks and loans. This is (presumably) why Putin wants to see the EU disintegrate, and why he engineered BREXIT.  
Our driving licenses won’t be valid in the EU after Brexit.So Brexit means that British drivers will have to waste time and money applying for new permits. Brexit means bureaucracy. #StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
A new #HomeToVote campaign has been launched ahead of a planned referendum on the 8th amendment:  
Ian Dunt on Sky Papers says not only are the public not being given Brexit facts but there's a concerted effort to withhold them as everyone's afraid to declare their position for fear of losing half their party. 
'Labour losing voters in droves over Brexit'... I keep hearing...   
A good summary from @claireperrymp  on #BBCQT on the incorrect #Brexit economy reports.She points out that the reports do not reflect the deal the government want and fail to take into account other details. She also deals with a heckling @terrychristian very well. 
Jeremy Corbyn has whatever Brexit position you want him to have. Much like his principles are whatever people choose to project onto him. Jeremy Corbyn is a political chameleon.  
George Soros backs campaign to overthrow Brexit with £400,000 donation  
Soro's just donated 500 K in Bribes to UK to try to Stop Brexit! #sick 
Whereas if Labour falls in line behind the leadership, then the Tories can instead get on with implementing the hardest extreme Brexit imaginable with no opposition.  
Next #bbcqt we’ll be live from a toothbrush factory in Slough. We’ll discuss how millionaires will be ok after #Brexit, how democracy is a frozen irreversible point in time & will shout over someone trying to make sensible points cos he has a regional accent & is a bit “abrasive” 
Sweet and dumb or nasty and dumb, the thing that unites the #Brexit voters is their gullible nature. How does #bbcqt find them? I feel for Terry 
Pretty tragic episode of Question Time. The quality of this discussion on Brexit is a pretty fitting metaphor for the state of this country. What a mess. 
Billionaire investor George Soros is reportedly trying to stop Brexit by a hefty donation to a pro-EU campaign.  
#bbcqt It’s amazing the level of arrogant denial going on in the North East England FFS Brexit will ruin you!! Can’t argue with stupid 
So glad Terry C on #bbcqt - he is such a perfect embodiment of anti #Brexit contempt for democracy/audience/his fellow panellists that he exposes what is at heart of so hard line Remain argument 
.@RSylvesterTimes says that too many politicians are putting their party before the interests of the country over Brexit #bbcqt 
Terry Christian is brilliant on there. The only person who is speaking out about the absolute nonsense of brexit & not trying to sweep things under the carpet #bbcqt 
"When will Remainers get in line and accept Brexit? They just need to have faith."It's been nearly two years and this is still the apex of Brexiteer argumentation.We're fucked guys. Totally fucked.#bbcqt pic.twitter.com/DDsLZ1pQSA 
Terry Christian is really doing his enthusiastically pro-EU campaign no good at all. Awful behaviour this evening. Spending more time attempting to belittle audience members than actually provide an argument. Yawn. #brexit #bbcqt 
The brexiter on #bbcqt "we should have some faith...."You mean like voodoo or necromancy?I prefer analysis by experts.#Brexit 
.@EmilyThornberry says that the UK is in it together over Brexit and must come together to start making decisions on the manner of leaving the EU #bbcqt 
"Garbage in equals garbage out" @TiceRichards says that the bleak economic forecasts for a post-Brexit UK are 'absolute rubbish' #bbcqt 
Well said @terrychristian on #bbcqt :#brexit is simple...only for simple people. Struggling to recall Richard Tice or anyone else from #LeaveEU telling British public about "benefits" of having Irish border reinstated or UK financial sector losing EU trading passports. 
Last month, the Scottish government published analysis that found that Scotland's economy would be £12.7bn a year worse off under a so-called hard Brexit #bbcqt  
There will be no gdp per capita growth in the north east in the next 15 years. Brexit or no Brexit. That’s because our economic model is kaput.‘We’ve so much to celebrate’ - what? The falling wages or flat productivity and growth? #bbcqt 
Terry Christian called ppl who voted out 'simple'. Most ppl that voted out were working class. Good luck with any career you have left you tit! #bbcqt #Brexit 
Terry Christian totally destroys right wing Brexit fantasist. I’ve said it before and I’ll say it again, I fucking luv that geezer!  #bbcqt 
The shouty Brexit man Richard Tice says it is worth a 16% drop in the economy in the North East. I bet you one thing Richard Tice won't lose 16% of his income....#bbcqt 
Hard Brexit. 16% lower growth. What utter crap. Why is the BBC assuming this is correct. It has no basis in fact. This is a new low even for the BBC #bbcqt 
Ah #brexit #bbcqt we have asked for the Gov to reveal the economic data and now we don’t like it it’s all poppycock. 
.@TiceRichard says the economic reports suggesting economic damage to the UK after Brexit are 'absolute rubbish' #bbcqt 
NHS crisis. Policing crisis. Housing crisis. Schools crisis. Austerity Britain. Broken Britain. Increase in Debt. Ruinous Brexit. Poverty up. Crime up. Rich richer. Poor poorer. Nasty @CONservatives in power nearly 8yrs. They’re to blame. It could be so different. #bbcqt 
Pro-EU Labour MPs urge NEC to consult members on Brexit  
Ministers admit almost 65 existing trade deals with non-EU countries are ‘at risk because of Brexit’ Chile, Israel, Egypt, Mexico, Russia, South Korea, Switzerland, Turkey are among the countries with which the UK currently enjoys trade deals as EU member 
#BrexitUnited KingdomUnited KingdoUnited KingdUnited KingUnited KinUnited KiUnited KUnited United IUnited IrUnited IreUnited IrelUnited IrelaUnited IrelanUnited Ireland 
Bank of America: Theresa May's Brexit plan is 'not possible' (Venn diagram)  
80% of the British press by circulation is now spouting not merely Tory propaganda, but the propaganda of the faction that unites the Rees-Mogg/ERG Tory hard right with the Arron Banks, Farage, Westmonster & Breitbart far-right. #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit #WATON 
Police Investigating Remainer Death Threat Against 80-Year-Old Brexit Supporter   
Friday's Mail: "Fury over billionaire's plot to sabotage #Brexit" (via @AllieHBNews) #bbcpapers #tomorrowspaperstoday 
@Andrew_Adonis was great to hear you at the @cambridgeunion tonight explaining why a #firstreferendum on Mrs May’s #Brexit deal is a democratic necessity. Looks increasingly inevitable  - 75% of UK youth voted remain! @OFOCBrexit 
Ha! Iain Duncan Smith saying it’s wrong for foreigners to undermine U.K. democracy.So you’re in favour of full transparency of all pro- #Brexit funding prior to the referendum are you, Iain? No?  
Trump, Erdogan, refugees, nativism, fascism, fake news, Brexit...The 3rd edition of my book "Travel as a Political Act" is now available:  (Royalties go to @bread4theworld) Here's a little video I took when we made the audiobook: 
Britain has a message for the rest of the world after Brexit next year: please pretend we are still in the EU.  
#YouTube found no evidence of Russian interference in #Brexit referendum  
Today I've been called a "fascist" by one Corbyn fan and accused of unforgivably "playing into the Tories hands" by another, simply for criticizing the Dear Leader's Brexit stance. Hey ho! 
53,000 patients left waiting for more than 4 hours in London's A&Es in January. Meanwhile #Brexit already costing £200 million a week. You can have Brexit or the NHS, but you can't have both. 
A hard Brexit would cost £80 BILLION + Borrow £120 BILLION Pay £11 BILLION to EU +Cost Clothes etc up 21% +Food & Drink up 17% +North’s GDP 12% hit +Rights denied AGAINDUP shout “No Surrender” & its only a few border checks 4 trade#UniteIreland You know it makes sense 
The daily news tells us that #Brexit is an enormous mistake that will do immense damage. Today @BestForBritain announced they are launching a national campaign for a reversal of Brexit. @Reasons2Remain supports their initiative. Watch our short video. 
I'm actually getting thoroughly pissed off with @BBCScotlandNews promoting Scottish Conservatives puff causes whilst failing miserably to properly scrutinise Conservative #Brexit plans & the economic havoc they'll inflict on Scotland.  The channel is now an utter disgrace 
In a leaked #EU memo, @jeremycorbyn said he would keep the #UK in the Customs Union whilst telling us he wouldn’t Most noteworthy though; ‘EU diplomats believe he was deliberately seeking to undermine the Prime Minister in her #Brexit negotiations.’ 
The more I think about it, I think Brexit was a vote by people that have never accepted that Britain is no longer an empire. Not being the ruler is never easy but the current population never were. 
With no cabinet agreement on Brexit, idea of two-year transition is ever less credible (David Davis privately believes five years is needed). 
Are the Japanese companies warning about leaving Brexit Britain part of 'Project Fear' too? 
Japan warns the UK its companies could leave over Brexit  
I'm no fan of Cameron but remember all the brexiters attacking him as being irresponsible because he had no provisional plan for #Brexit?It's 19 months laterFull government machine in placeStill no planBecause as remainers knew & leavers didn't, Brexit's a nightmare  
Keep up the pressure to #StopBrexit with an Anti-Brexit Tactical Vote in the local elections. Ministers are worried they’ll lose councils - so let’s get ready to show them the scale of Remain support. Great thread from @GuitarMoog on how. @ABTVHQ #ABTV #FBPE 
Really can’t make my mind up over who is more divided and clueless over #Brexit. Tories or Labour?Both are a total shambles. 
The front page of tomorrow's Daily Telegraph: 'EU memo raises questions over Corbyn's Brexit policy' #tomorrowspaperstoday 
The EU has 759 treaties with 160 non-EU countries. What to do about these treaties has been known to be a headache since before the #Brexit referendum. (1/15) 
Downing St source tells mePM told Brexit Cabinet that to “aim for something that hadn’t been done before in order to come to a new relationship that will last a generation or more” was her“starting point” in seeking ambitious deal. 
Every single #Brexit supporter who knew about these 65 non EU deals would state on twitter with absolute confidence that these would stay after BrexitLike the rest of Brexit, a fact free assertion based on blind faith, which was misguidedWhen are you going to get it?  
I think I've figured out why Piers Morgan, FOX, and the Daily Show are obsessed with Mr. Trudeau's "peoplekind". Because Tories in the UK have inflicted Brexit and the Americans have the embarrassment that is Donald Trump not to mention government shut-down(s). #cdnpoli 
.@OFOCBrexit will soon be touring the country, speaking with people. But what can I say, I'm young and impatient. If you voted Brexit, live in Sheffield, and fancy a chat, please let me know. We can meet in town. 
The #Brexit forecast for the next 20 years - a #geography 
I’m a British patriot & pro-European Nick. What I’m not is pro-EU. Nothing you do or say will change my mind. Why? Because your clear disrespect for me & the millions of others who voted Leave is so contemptible any hope of earning my respect is lost #Brexit #GetOverIt 
The piece also has quite a few details about how the ERG operates, which gives a sense of how they've out-hustled and out-muscled the Remainers in parliament and become the most influential lobbying force in the Brexit debate  
Excl: New Brexit stand off as Britain refuses EU demand for Brussels to set fishing quotas for us during transition; 
Very good @spectator article by Anthony Browne on 17 things we can do post-Brexit, including - cutting VAT- introducing variable Air Passenger Duty- banning the export of live animals for slaughter- & more effective procurement of public services 
That top six is absolutely granite Brexit. Chris Wilder, Lee Johnson, Alex Neil, Mick McCarthy, Neil Warnock and Neil Harris. Just sensational.  
.“Ministers have admitted for the FIRST time that about 65 existing trade deals with non-EU countries are at risk because of Brexit.". 
Tomorrow's front page: MSPs slam 'Westminster's contempt for Scotland' after being told they can only read Brexit reports under supervision, at short notice and at a time Parliament was sitting  
Leaked EU memo of Barnier meeting raises questions over @JeremyCorbyn's Brexit policy ' | via @telegraph Labour’s #Brexit policy committed to leaving the #CustomsUnion but the memo states that Corbyn told Barnier he would keep Britain in it. Who’s lying? 
What was extraordinary about the revelations in the chamber today about the letter sent to the Scottish Parliament offering incompetent limited access to the Brexit papers was that the Tories had no reaction at all. Not a flicker! It’s as if they knew....... #Brexishambles 
“To coin a phrase, they are going to tell the world that Brexit does not mean Brexit,” said one EU official.  
We are so close to 23,000 signatures! Ask Government & Parliament to back free movement for musicians post-Brexit. Sign the petition >  #WorkingInTheEU 
"The 1968 Vienna convention, which Britain previously avoided joining because it was too burdensome, has become an urgent necessity because the EU will no longer recognise UK-issued licences after Brexit."Brexit is turning from farce into tragedy. 
Not a good sign: Amid the late-day sell-off, both S&P 500 & Nasdaq Comp. broke below Tuesday's session lows. Nasdaq had its worst day since Brexit and is on pace for its worst week since Jan 2016. S&P 500 is on pace for its worst week since Aug 2011 
I am a signatory of this important letter. Time for the Labour Leadership to end the reticence and obfuscation and to allow our Party members to have a proper discussion and decide our policy on  Brexit.  
Proud to have signed this letter calling for @UKLabour members to be consulted on Brexit  
The inevitable consequence of Corbyn being in favour of Brexit and prioritising taking SNP seats over Tory ones. The man somehow managed to destroy his own seemingly unstoppable momentum through sheer stupidity.  
George Soros spent his life promoting democracy and the open society. So how has he ended up on the wrong side of the Brexit debate? My @telegraph column (now online): 
You must feel so proud, JC.  LBR 4% behind the worst Government in living memory.You are leaving it too long to change Brexit horses.Tory hypocritical Brexit.  Sniff sniff = labour hypocritical Brexit.  
They rant about a 400k donation by Soros, but they are quite happy that Arron Banks spent £7.5m trying to buy #Brexit. And of course Leavers were promised £350m per week for an #NHS Banks wants to privatise! Nothing to do with his insurance business!#StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON 
There's a #NewBrexitReality out there and Labour needs to react to it fast! Otherwise, it could be the Tories who abandon Brexit first!#FBPE#StopBrexit#FinalSay 
Brexit is the single biggest issue facing our country and Labour people deserve to have a say. CLICK HERE to ensure that happens   - please RT 
Why?  Why are you so hell bent on this?  Only the super rich are going to profit from Brexit - is that who you work for because I can see no other reason for Brexit. #StopBrexit#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
They're ranting about a £400k donation by Soros, but why Did Vote Leave Donate £625,000 To A 23-Year-Old Fashion Student During The Referendum? #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit #WATON 
We were given to believe the #brexit negotiations were going to be with the EU, not ourselves. #brexitshambles 
#Brexit analysis released to MSPs.  
Brexit is basically like buying the shittest car you can find so that no-one will ask you for a lift. 
Two days of Cabinet Committee discussions later, and there is still no agreed UKGov policy how they want Brexit to turn out.Face it, you’ve had your chance and found it is beyond you. Have some decency and call a halt either to it or your government. 
UTSA students reject Athletics and Transportation fees in referendum vote.  #UTSA 
Japanese companies: "We'll have to leave Britain if Brexit trade barriers make business unprofitable."So in other words, it's either Brexit, or your jobs.That's the #NewBrexitRealityThat's why we need a #FinalSay#FBPE 
A hotel business association "rewards" referendum police @POLITICOEurope @guardian @lesoir @BBCWorld @FT @nytimes @LEXPRESS @libe 
MSPs of all parties should work together when viewing the Brexit analysis paper, make a written copy of a couple of pages each, then put them all together and publish the fucking lot to the public. 
Oh joy. #Cheqsit II is on its way. #Brexit #AwayDay #Chequers 
Today the PM met Roberto Gualtieri MEP at Downing Street to discuss the Brexit negotiations. Read more about their meeting here:  
Accusations that any of us Remainers are plotting secretly to stop Brexit are just absurd. Scraping the bottom of the barrel. Desperate stuff!We’re plotting to stop Brexit openly and in plain sight.  
'British drivers may need new licences & registration certificates to travel in Europe after Brexit under contingency plans being drawn up by the government that experts warn would create “extremely labour-intensive” extra red tape.'Taking back control. 
Ministers claim it isn’t final & would undermine Brexit negotiations. But HoC voted the EU analysis should be published. It should be. 
#brexit Can we have a day without the bloody Remoaners, crying  there eyes  out about Brexit. It’s non stop morning noon & night doing my head in. We’re leaving the EU understand 17 million voted leave. Get behind the government stop  crying.          
Agitators like Tony Blair, George Soros and Gina Miller seem to be saying they can "Reverse Brexit". They can't, 2 very good reasons:1) We leave March 2019. Irreversible.2) The EU won't be there, killed off in favor of  United States Of Europe, run by Berlin & Brussels. Stinks.  
READ: our letter with @Open_Britain to @UKLabour National Exec Committee demanding a proper process for members & supporters to have their say on #Brexit @labour4europe @labourirish @LabourStudents @Labour4EU @Scientists4Lab - MAKE YOUR VIEWS KNOWN:  
Best For Britain: “It’s No Secret, Our Mission Is To Stop Brexit” Well done @BestForBritain 
"@Jacob_Rees_Mogg and I agree on one important point, which he made in 2011: There should be a referendum on the terms of Brexit. I entirely agree with Jacob." 
The govt cannot hide behind ‘the will of the people’. We have a Parliamentary democracy and an  overwhelming majority of MPs know Brexit is an absolute folly. We can’t let a small band of right wing ideologists rule. There must be another vote in the knowledge of what we now know  
#ToryBrexitgovt “calls on non-EU nations to treat UK after Brexit as still covered by more than 700 EU treaties with other 3rd countries on fishing rights to data sharing.‘To coin a phrase, they are going to tell the world that Brexit does not mean Brexit’ said one EU official.”  
Communist George Soros pumps more cash to help group turnover the Brexit vote.   
Ministers admit almost 65 existing trade deals with non-EU countries are ‘at risk because of Brexit’  
Article disappoints. Focuses on economic benefits. Only one aspect suggesting to EU27 nationals we’re only interested for monetary reasons  FoM is one of most liberating, civilising, culturally beneficial, & peace encouraging rights we’ve ever gained & now may lose with #Brexit  
Our driving licences won’t be valid in the EU after Brexit...this gift keeps on giving.   
I’m told the big divide in today’s Brexit committee was “the speed of divergence, not whether or not we should we diverge” any more. No10 hails this as progress.  
David Mundell has refused an interview on the British gov analysis for Brexit. First it did not exist! Then he stated the SG analysis stating the same was lies.He has deliberately lied and mislead Scotland and is now in hiding.Time to resign Mundell GO NOW! #MUNDELLMUSTGO 
Thank you to @heidi_mp and all the 30 Labour MPs who have written to the NEC, asking for our 500,000 members to be given a voice on our #Brexit policy. It's the very least our members deserve.  
'Brexit is fantastic for Japan' Tory Brexiteer @Jacob_Rees_Mogg 's brilliant reason why world will LOVE UK trade  @Conservatives @theresa_may 
The Japanese Ambassador has warned Theresa May that Japan’s firms will quit UK if Brexit makes it “unprofitable” to stay. In a leaked letter the Japanese Gvmnt called on May to keep Britain in the UK. Business needs "clarity & certainty,predictability" #BrexitShambles #StopBrexit 
Ministers admit 65 existing trade deals with non-EU countries are ‘at risk because of Brexit’ @Rob_Merrick 
Good meeting with Michael Russell, Minister dealing with Brexit for the Government in Scotland. Good to see Ministers in the NW to hear the need for Special Status for the north within the EU and our solidarity with Scotland @Feorlean @scotgov @M_AndersonSF 
About to speak to students in Cambridge about Brexit tonight: packed room!  
1. A bit of digital media literacy help, for those who might be interested.Calling out @RayFletcher1955 as a fake Brexit account. Ray pretended tonight to be new to Twitter  
"Puppet Master"George Soros revealed as key funder in big-money campaign to thwart Brexit  #FoxNews 
The Japanese ambassador just said what so many business leaders know. Jobs won’t be here if the government’s Brexit proceeds. We have the option to stay if we want,m it. If we want that, we can have it. Anyone at all that feels that way, please join the fight. We need you!  
TAKE ACTION TODAY: tell @uklabour that you want a proper policy debate on #Brexit - this issue is too important to be sidelined - CLICK HERE  - please RT 
My dear British friends. While you have been distracted by a Soros shaped dead cat, your Conservative cabinet has failed for a second day to agree their negotiating strategy for Brexit. 
For anyone who voted for Brexit because they’re sick of “Brussels bureaucracy”, leaving the Customs Union is going to be a real treat. 
A BBC Scotland complaint - Ignoring Brexit AnalysisPlease share widely and retweet.Thanks. 
More I think about this, more I think Remainers--although the economic argument's intellectually the most powerful--have to focus on the most *politically* powerful argument, namely that the NHS is coming apart at the seams due to the Government's all-consuming focus on Brexit.  
.@ElishaMcC_SF met the Scottish Brexit Minister, Michael Russell tonight to discuss the need for special status for the north within the EU  
From a global empire to a small island off the coast of Europe. #Brexit.  
Let’s make our own #BrexitImpact prediction - Brexit isn’t going to happen. We are going to stop it. We have to. It is our duty. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Concerned about the #BrexitImpact?Let’s do something about it. Parliament’s vote on the Brexit deal must include an option to Remain.Please keep RTing, sharing and signing the petition:  
Govt ploughed on with its "Brexit means Brexit" idiocy when Japan warned on Brexit 17 months ago. If the ideologues in Govt fail to hear Honda, Nissan and Toyota again today, tens of thousands livelihoods, hopes and aspirations will be lost #BrexitImpact 
We shall not rest until the job is done and Brexit is gone. #FBPE 
Nigel #Farage ‘s Incredible Brexit Speech Leaves LBC Listeners With Goosebumps. This is the speech the ineffectual Theresa May should be giving!             #fo2eu 
Seems to me that the "Best for Britain" anti Brexit group are now "supping with the Devil" by accepting £400,000 from the billionaire George Soros. Seems like desperation to me. Ordinary Brits are not stupid they will resent interference by Soros. It will be counter productive. 
#BrexitImpact It's not ALL bad news!Remember, tripe's the meat you can afford to eat after Brexit.  
Japan warns on #Brexit: we cannot cont in UK without profit The delayed #BrexitImpact studies are just heralds to the real debacle unfolding...we must #StopBrexit to avoid becoming Poorer. Weaker, with less Control & Influence & the theft of our Rights 
So there you have it....no SM and no CU means no car companies...how many communities destroyed  and how many people unemployed. Massive supply chains anihilated and all the shops and businesses that rely on the spend of those people threatened. #Brexit pic.twitter.com/Dpz2GgPlNa 
I grew up on a council estate, went to the local comp, got a few mediocre qualifications, worked in admin and retail, married to a builder, we both know Brexit will destroy our future, our child's future. We can't afford Brexit, can you? #BrexitImpact 
Scottish Government - Freely publishes their Brexit analysis impact papers for all to seeUKGov - Hides their Brexit analysis paper from the public and refuses to allow devolved parliaments to see full copiesOne is a modern, open democracy. The other is...? 
If the BBC has a position on a particular topic they tend to foĺlow what they see as the consensus. It is unfortunate that they seem to think that Brexit is settled. It's not. 
Unbelievable. Even after 2 days of special meeting, the government has STILL not managed to decide what it wants in #brexit negotiations , 20 months after referendum, while costs of #BrexitReality become clearer by the day. 
Typical interview conducted by the obvious remainer @faisalislam . @Jacob_Rees_Mogg was able to answer an off the cuff interview in clear easy to understand language which demolished the @SkyNews bias. Wonderful, #Brexit  
Brexit Britain : A place where 1% of the population owns 24% of the wealth, where mean, heartless millionaires campaign against sharing wealth with those who own nothing #BrexitImpact 
Bank of England has raised its growth forecasts for next year from, 1.6 % to 1.8 %. same bank which said we would be in recession by now if we voted Brexit 
Breaking - Theresa May orders feuding Cabinet ministers on a Chequers away day to resolve their Brexit differences once and for all after another deadlock; 
Ministers admit almost 65 existing trade deals with non-EU countries are ‘at risk because of Brexit’  
Brussels votes to impose BERLIN Time on UK and scrap British Summer Time even AFTER Brexit  Pretty much sums up the level of control we're given to the EU - they can decide to FORCE us to abandon Day light savings.....how petty, if nothing else 
He's right...for many voters, Brexit is emotional, conjuring up images of a great past that they think they can recapture. These people are immune to reason & information...we have to find a way to reach their hearts, not just their heads. It's a tough one but let's keep trying  
We’re better off if we #StopBrexit and Remain in the EU.Even the government’s own (leaked) #BrexitImpact Assessments say so.Brexit is bonkers. It’s putting jobs and public services at risk.Let’s take back control from the Brextremists, and stay in the EU. #FBPE. 
#Brexit: Japan's man in UK says unprofitable firms could not stay. - Just to remind everyone we have an EU trade deal with Japan already. If we leave the EU we lose it and probably most Japanese companies with a base here. Madness   
The chief executive of a pro-EU campaign group which received £400k from George Soros tells @IainDale: “It’s no secret plot, we’ve got one mission and that is to try and stop Brexit”  
This is perhaps the only appropriate comment on @jimbrunsden's story about the UK now asking non-EU countries to consider them an #EU member post-Brexit.  
.@KayBurley has spoken to the former Labour spin doctor Alastair Campbell about books, his big brother and Brexit. He's even had his say on President Trump, saying he "makes his flesh crawl". Watch the full interview here: 
As somebody diametrically opposed to Gina Miller on #Brexit, let me say that when this hit piece reels off attacks & then says“Of course, she argues that such personal details are irrelevant to her legal challenge”In fact they ARE wholly irrelevant  
It’s fair to say that Brindishe Manor Primary School had some varied & challenging questions for me today. Would you stop Brexit if you were PM? What do you think of communism? What’s your favourite ice cream? 
Twitter made the initial concession that Russian trolls were active in Brexit in a letter last month. They’ve simply confirmed it orally today, and will now start looking properly, as they did at the start of the US Senate Inquiry.  
Japan warns on Brexit: we cannot continue in UK without profit  
Searching the European Commission's press release database reveals 11 recorded meetings between members of the European Commission and George Soros since the Brexit vote.Just 3 meetings are recorded for Theresa May – two working lunches and one reception for Juncker in London.  
Something stands out in this Daily Mail headline: Tory MP Henry Smith saying Soros should stop telling the UK to remain under EU yoke. The claim that there is a EU 'yoke' is a lie, the kind of big lie told by totalitarian regimes. #LeaveLies#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit #WATON 
George Soros revealed as key funder in big-money campaign to thwart Brexit  
.@PhilipHammondUK calling for a ‘very modest Brexit’ is another example of this dysfunctional gvt. The fact that he is the Chancellor of the Exchequer however, should demonstrate that he knows that the economic impacts of #Brexit would be catastrophic. @theresa_may must listen. 
Brexit has given us the worst Prime Minister in British history together with the worst leader of the Opposition. #BrexitImpact 
Brexit has turned Britain from a talented, intelligent, vibrant, common sense nation, 5th in the world economy, punching above its weight, into a divided, mean, xenophobic, irrational one in which truth & reason are suppressed & #FakeNews broadcast, even on #bbcnews #BrexitImpact 
Nigel Farage is complaining about Soros representing foreign interference in our politics. Here's Farage with Murdoch whose toxic foreign interference in our politics can be seen across Britain every day. And some other Murdoch graphics.#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit #WATON 
To anyone familiar with Japanese culture its clear that the Japanese Ambassador is being unusually blunt. Essentially theyre saying that we've got one last chance to make something out of this #Brexit mess - either remain or a sensible soft brexit - before they start divesting.  
Govt studies show Brexit making some areas 18% worse off. Donald Trump's economic adviser sees it as a "God given chance to screw UK" over trade. Now Japanese car makers say they may leave UK if it doesn't get frictionless access to Single Market.Time to rethink #FinalSay #FBPE 
The hit to the North East from Brexit will be just as bad, or even worse, than the job losses and recession suffered in the 1980s. But at least back then Brits could become economic migrants, and look for work in EU/EEC.#FBPE 
My column marks the 60th anniversary of the publication of Michael Young's "The Rise of the Meritocracy", the best book yet written on Brexit,  via @TheEconomist 
When I picked up the @Telegraph this morning, my reaction to the front page was one of irritation. The more ppl focus on trying to stop #Brexit, the more anyone asking questions about how to deliver it gets bound up with these folk. It's. Happening. Energies better spent on how 
Structuring a Brexit deal like  
.@DavidDavisMP quite rightly saying that the #EU’s behaviour is discourteous and that threatening the UK over #Brexit negotiations is not acting in good faith. The UK continues to be polite whilst the EU continues to undermine us. I think it’s high time we got a lot tougher!  
JHB again outsmarts Remoaner Hain who praised the OECD. The peer had no answer when Julia pointed out that "An awful lot of their predictions in the past have been wrong" e.g. on the disastrous ERM, on us joining the Euro, post-EU referendum gloom & doom.  
"This 15 year Brexit forecast is cast Iron, cliff edge, cataclysm etc etcbtw guys, we're just revising our 1 year 2018 forecast, we got it wrong, sorry about that"Are remainers paying attention?  
@AlexChalkChelt . #brexitimpact 1/. We need to talk about food and the evidence given by the Food and Drinks Industry to the HofL Energy, Environment and Food Brexit Committee yesterday““Food is a question of National Security”@strandedatsea @nikkirobson1 @Forty40Kings 
And who would be so naive to think that this is anything other than payments for favours? This is corruption - legalised corruption. After stopping #Brexit we must make sure this kind of corruption is punishable with prison sentences. #StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON 
Apparently Twitter detected 49 accounts from a Russian ‘troll factory’ and they sent just 942 messages about the #Brexit referendum. Today it was also revealed that George Soros has given £400k to the anti-Brexit group 'Best For Britain'. Now, there’s a conspiracy. 
A huge personal windfall if we Brexit....well I’m stunned. You’ll be telling me he’s a Pro lifer who profits from abortion pills next.  Everyone has a price... 
Podcast on football, Britishness, Blair, power, Ireland, fatherhood, nostalgia, Brexit, history, spin, mental health and Emile Heskey out tomorrow. Listen here:  
Billionaire George Soros gave £400,000 to secret campaign aiming to thwart Brexit 
Since David Mundell has obviously seen the Brexit papers, rather than all the MSP's trooping along to Melville House to read bits of it, @DavidMundellDCT should appear in fromt of a @scotgov committee and answer questions on it. More cost effective. 
49 Russia linked Twitter accounts tweet pro-Brexit material- MSM: RUSSIAN COLLUSION, RUSSIAN PROPAGANDA BLAH BLAH BLAH.George Soros donates £400k to anti-Brexit campaign.- Yawn. Nothing to see here... 
#WATON #FinalSayForAll #FBPE #BrexitImpactThe impact of Brexit is to send 1000s of UK citizens applying for another nationality........that can't be right.  
Hartley-Brewer savages Lord Hain, adding both sides "repeatedly stated" Brexit would "mean leaving the single market & the customs union" and adding, "you can’t be in the single market and be able to control our borders" via @po_st 
If you haven’t realised that if you don’t stop Brexit, getting the Tories out won’t actually change anything, I’d suggest you haven’t been paying attention.  
Dear Remainers thanks for all the aggression and insults over the last few days, however, I still do not want to remain in a United States of Europe. #Brexit 
Today I saw UK gov Brexit analysis papers under strict controlled conditions. I'm not allowed to tell what I saw. What I didn't see, half of the pages, a 'clerical error '. Classic cock-up over conspiracy. Being an EU negotiator against this lot must be easiest job in the world. 
Brexit Tories are dismissing the damning #BrexitImpact studies as unimportant. If so, why were they commissioned? Were they hoping to see something else? Because Brexit is built on hope and vain belief, nothing else. 
Fraser why don’t you read @ScotGov published evidence to the Migration Advisory Committee & our recent #Brexit paper.  EU migration is not the “import of low skilled workers “ and you can’t , for example ,  replace research scientists with the “unemployed & underemployed”  
- Number of Russia/Brexit Twitter bots: 49- Number of tweets: 942- Amount of money George Soros donated to anti-Brexit group: £400k. 
These ‘morgue visits’, for Scottish Politicians to view but not share impacts of Brexit, are an attempt by UKGov to humiliate and degrade Scotland. Appalling stuff.  
Labour voters could not be clearer: #Brexit is a tragic mistake. Having the courage to change Labour policy and make the case for full EU membership is in the national interest and the party's interest.  
0.005% of the total number of accounts that tweeted about the referendum  
.@DavidDavisMP on the #Brexit proposal from the #EU where they implied that they could punish the #UK during a transition period.He hits out at the #EU & refers to them not issuing the document in good faith, being discourteous & not being ‘conducive to working together.’ 
The Reason Ruth Davidson And Mundell "DO NOT" want to talk about   Brexit  Is Because it's all "TORY BAD" Not SNP Bad!  
Hear Hear. Thankfully a billionaire philanthropist like Soros wants to leave his legacy based on hope and international working together as exemplified by the EU project and sees clearly the damage Brexit will cause to Europe. Not sure of the motives of hedge funds backing Brexit  
I'm quite sure that it's no coincidence that the Brexit papers have been "made available" to MSPs just before recess with less than 24 hours notice and when the MSPs have other responsibilities to attend to. 
George Soros has given a pro EU group £400k - or to put that in context £225,000 less than the £625,000 Vote Leave gave to obscure fashion design student @darrengrimes_ days before the EU referendum 
This is an absolute outrage in a so-called democracy. The public have a right to know the economic impact of Brexit. The fact that the UK government are hiding it - and hiding it from our own elected representatives - should be a stark warning to all. 
Jacob Rees-Mogg - "If you want to buy a Toyota that is made in Japan you have to pay 12% more than if you buy a Peugeot that probably wouldn’t work. We should be out of the customs union and we should be a proper free trading Nation." #Brexit  
Nigel Farage - "We had a referendum on this and we voted to leave the single market. That should be the end of the conversation. "There is a great tradition in Brussels of never accepting a 'no' result but this time, do you know what? We actually mean it." #Brexit  
Japan warns Theresa May its firms will quit UK if Brexit makes it 'unprofitable' to stay  
NOTE to David Davis #bbcnewsWe are NOT stupid !How could the *assessment forecasts* model Govt position on #Brexit *end state* - when you DON'T know yourselves & you CAN'T reach agreement on !STOP treating us like idiots ! 
Picture this. It’s 2026. Sam Allardyce is leading the polls for Prime Minster. Brexit papers have been signed. All Muslims have been deported. You’re sat in the local with the boys. You score your 3rd 180 of the night. You walk back to the table to sip your carling. Life is good. 
So appears that Ken Macintosh didn't find out about Brexit papers reading room (in order to tell other MSPs) until *after the first session was over*. But as there had to be a UKgov official "in the room at all times", did they have to sit there for 3 hours waiting for nobody?! 
A proper Scottish MSP would enter the  Scotland Office, pick up the Brexit analysis and walk out. The truth must be made public 
Brexit Secretary David Davis hits back at "discourteous" EU plans to punish Britain during a Brexit transition period  
Today I handed over my phone and sat in a room watched by a govt official while I read the assessment of the main economic impact of the main Brexit options. Let’s just say I emerged very, very worried. 
Chinese businessman last year:"The UK is the door to Europe. With Brexit, the UK is the door to nowhere." 
They discovered that anti-Brexit groups want to stop Brexit. In a plot so secret it involved advertising. 
Grand Brexit voyage appears to have crashed into the rocks of reality just off the coast of la la landAh well eh? 
Japanese firms will leave UK if Brexit goes wrong, Japanese ambassador tells May. Also attending were Honda, Nissan & Toyota + banks.He said: “This is all high stakes that I think all of us need to keep in mind.” Strong stuff coming from Japanese companies. 
If you’re renting right now & saving like mad to buy a House, my advise (don’t ask how I know) DO NOT because after Brexit, around 18 months into Brexit, the UK Economy will CRASH, and then you can cash in just the same way as the Banks & Politicians will, House prices will FALL 
Brexiteers took for granted that foreign investments would go on flowing into Britain as usual, mindlessly forgetting that all those companies came into Britain as the door to the single market, not to Britain aloneBrexit awakening will be painfulToo late pic.twitter.com/Qs4m1k4by8 
49 Russian Twitter Trolls Sent Just 942 Tweets During Referendum:  
The EU told the Japanese a week ago that the UK is no longer part of the EU.In effect: "Move on."#Brexit.  
I was an enthusatic #Brexit voter, but having heard all the evidence since the vote, I am a passionate #RemainerNow We need a #2ndreferendum to have the chance to stop this madness #Remain 
In our own words@Independent Our plans at Best for Britain aren't secret – we want to stop Brexit  
I said on @pestononsunday two weeks ago that the remainers would be happy to bring down the government to stop #Brexit  
Absolutely shocking that MSPs only informed THIS AFTERNOON that we could access the secret Brexit analysis at a session also this afternoon until 5pm & limited access tomorrow. That’s it. Showing the absolute contempt in which the Scottish Parliament is held by the UK Government 
Patrick Harvie raises a point of order at Holyrood about the reading room for "extraordinarily limited" access for MSPs to UKgov Brexit analysis papers; says members who have been in were only allowed to see even-numbered pages, "turning an insult into a farce"  
Thanks to Brexit, the full benefits of free trade will be made available to everyone, says International Trade Secretary @LiamFox 
No one has been able to give me a genuine explanation as to how Brexit can be stopped without a General Election before Christmas. Attacking @jeremycorbyn might make you feel better but it won’t stop Brexit. @UKLabour aren’t in power & Labour aren’t “negotiating” Brexit! 
This is completely barking. Nick Timothy isn’t a journalist - he was the current prime minister’s chief of staff until last June and a major player in the Brexit campaign. The Telegraph is printing propaganda as its main front-page story.  
All sectors & regions of UK will be poorer from Brexit. Foreign direct investment will fall. All to keep Tory party from splitting.  
I am waiting for the first leaver to tweet. That the japanese car companies need us more than we need them. Go on make my day. Hopefully it will come from Sunderland. A brexit paradise 
Trump's mate Nige comes out defending his dodgy campaign of shady shenanigans. Donald wants to buy the NHS and Putin gets an unstable EU and UK economy post-Brexit. During the ref we encountered these 'bots' - diminishing evidence and amplifying paranoia.  
Why does Owen Jones think it's "anti-semitic" to critisize George Soros meddling in Brexit?He is the one that is bringing race into the picture, not the right.Would seem to me that it is in fact Owen who is the anti-semitic one here because he brought race into the picture. 
Striking that Rees-Mogg fans think it's "treachery" for Soubry et al to disagree with their party's Brexit policy - but fine for Rees-Mogg to disagree with that party's foreign aid policy?  
George Soros Donates $500K to Group Trying to Reverse Brexit -  #OANN 
BREXIT LATEST... Japan tells UK on Brexit - If there is no profit, we cannot continue  / #EU #Brexit #Manufacturing 
did you realise that our membership of the EU is actually illegal & that we could walk away at any time without the referendum,DELIVERING BREXIT IS SIMPLE - BECAUSE EU MEMBERSHIP IS ILLEGALAll May has to do is declare the 6 Treaties null and void under the English constitution. 
Commission has tonight published a flurry of 10 warning notices about barriers to UK-EU trade after Brexit covering everything from cars to financial services to ecolabelling.  
Brussels wants to ‘punish’ Britain, so we must stay strong and have a post-Brexit Plan B for when we’re backed into a corner, says @TheSun 
Gove promised a Brexit that will be good for animals...but with US livestock containing 5 x the amount of antibiotics as the UK's it's a worrying sign for future trade talks and weakened regulations. 
Japanese ambassador warns Prime Minister of Brexit 'high stakes' after talks  
European Court of Justice to rule on whether UK nationals can keep EU citizenship after #Brexit: 
Gina Miller's spox has issued a statement claiming Ms. Miller is no longer affiliated with this campaign. I have asked a follow up Q as to whether or not she believes Brexit should be reversed. Let's see...  
Our task is also to limit #Brexit cost for EU. Notices on preparedness to support stakeholders are in one place on EU website, with new ones out today: 
Get off your Knees: Italexit!Alberto Bagnai:"Studies... have proved European project incompatible with our Constitution"IMF showed joining Eurozone kickstarted a desegregation of economic structures of member states harming weaker members#Brexit #EU 
Brexiteers are trying to silence your voice, with attacks on everything from the judiciary and civil service to campaigners fighting against a Tory Brexit.Please join and share! 
Rich and powerful people are manoeuvring to try to thwart the referendum result  
This is appalling. This is supposedly a democracy. People's livelihoods are at stake here. Every one of us has a right to know exactly how Brexit will affect Scotland and us personally. I hope the Scottish Parliament and MSPs make an enormous fuss about this.  
Is there a 'secret plot' 2 thwart Brexit?“Every1 has a right 2B heard & if a country can't change its mind, it ceases 2B a democracy. This attack on free speech is deeply worrying & we’re fighting back.'A #FinalSay doesn't thwart the Will it Confirms it. 
So in order to see the UK Governments "secret" Brexit "analysis" - which has already been leaked to the press twice - MSPs will have to sign in to the Scottish Office building.Contemptible. 
Appalled by personal smears against @NickJTimothy for rightly speaking out against those who are seeking to undermine the democratic vote #Brexit.It is absurd to suggest he is antisemitic. He's a friend to the Jewish community as shown by his record on community &education issues 
Help us reveal the real secret cash behind Brexit: the dark money behind the DUP's, the European Research Group, and the other main Brexit supporting organisations:  
Lol brexit twitter forever pushing this hilarious narrative that the club belongs only to people who live in the city. A city fan , his club is owned by a sheikh from the middle east, thinks he can talk about united fans from pakistan Oh irony where art thou 
Philip Stephens: Don’t blame George Soros for the UK’s second thoughts on Brexit  
George Soros donation to halt Brexit causes storm in Britain. @BestForBritain campaign group founded by @thatginamiller confirmed it had received £400,000 from George SorosWe now know she doesn't care about democracy, but is out to thwart brexit. 
Despite the cold weather @Open_Britain volunteers have been out delivering leaflets in their local communities to raise awareness of the dangers #Brexit poses to the #NHSDeliver leaflets in your local area and help us to reach out in your community:  
So how is @ScotGov supposed to "work together to get the best possible deal on Brexit"© without being invited to to work together to get the best possible deal on Brexit? 
Brexit has somehow turned arguments based on national economic interest into the conspiracies of self-interested elites. If you lead with an economic argument, you are in the pocket of someone. And "It's the economy, stupid" now looks like the motto of a very bygone political age 
How about a deal.We turn down George Soros’s openly recorded funding when the open sewer dwellers of the Brexit Taliban stop accepting dark money we cannot trace back to its origins. Starting with the DUP 
Plenty of rumours that it's goodbye #Nissan thanks to #Brexit. Watch the #Labservative poll numbers crash when they announce the pullout publicly. 
The reality of Brexit is about to unfold ... 
So why did the Lib Dems campaign for a referendum back in 2009?  
Brexit has replaced the UK’s stiff upper lip with quivering rage  
Brexit forecasts predict economic slowdown across UK. In other news: report into Pope’s religion due tomorrow. 
So Gina Miller is founded by anti brexit SOROS. What a surprise. She has become rich and famous at democracys expense. Remainers are all about the money.... Their eu money. Self interest is all they have. 
I'm outraged about George Soros. Apparently he's bankrolling the entire resistance to Brexit. And here I am tweeting day in day out and I've not received a penny.#fbpe #waton #StopBrexit #Soros #ThursdayThoughts 
The pound is not back to where it was before referendum, either against euro or on a trade weighted basis. Real wages are not rising again yet.  
MSPs not happy with UKgov's proposals for them viewing Brexit analysis papers - @SP_European convener says it shows "total contempt" for Holyrood 
Who is @BestforBritain – and is there a 'secret plot' to thwart Brexit?  Yes, there is a "plot" to thwart Brexit. It's called democracy & it's not secret. In fact, we're going to shout it very loudly! #StopBrexit2018 #finalsay @EloiseTodd @Bremaininspain 
"Sir Keir Starmer told students on Tuesday night that Labour would not try to halt Brexit or push for a new referendum on Eur­ope, insisting that the party’s MPs were united in favour of taking this stance." Labour united for Brexit. @LibDems only hope to #ExitFromBrexit. 
COLLUSION: Foreign Billionaire George Soros Funding Gina Miller's Anti-Brexit Campaign  
A Tory minister has gone to ground after the leak of a Brexit analysis he said didn’t exist. Scotland Secretary David Mundell has been named and shamed for dodging scrutiny over the newly-leaked Brexit forecasts.  
A secret plot to stop Brexit, or an antisemitic dog whistle? | Rafael Behr  
The UK is the only country in Europe that locks people up with no limit on how long they can be held - devastating people’s mental health. As we consider our post Brexit immigration system, we have a chance to end this. Sign the petition:  #time4atimelimit 
Tory minister refuses BBC interview over damning Brexit forecast he claimed didn't exist  
A climate denier's mask slips off ... hates all scientists, thinks  everything's a conspiracy.  These are the sort of people empowered by Brexit and Trump.  
Even if we buy all of this, do Brexiteers really think moving the Brexit debate to the terrain of far right nationalists is a good idea? Or, as @hugorifkind put it: 
#GeorgeSoros, the billionaire globalist, has been unmasked as a major backer behind the campaign to stop #Brexit. #GinaMiller is Soros puppet. 
Wait a second, hasn’t Gina Miller been telling us all along that she’s not trying to stop Brexit? Lying, for months on end, and the media let her have free reign?    
Forget Brexit vs Remain or Milk vs nut juice, this is the only debate that matters The great tea debate that’s been raging for years. When making tea in a teapot, do you.... 
Say, for example, standing on the front steps of Number 10, saying there would be no trade tariffs on cars, quipping about measuring the curtains, while simultaneously running a campaign aimed at the public to become the elected Tory leader and securing a hard Brexit. 
Please share and vote: Does the whole Brexit situation have an effect on your mental health? #brexit #mentalhealth 
If Soros - The Satanic One, is Actively Working Against BREXIT, You Can Be Assured That BREXIT is The Right Direction For Britain to go  
Of all the predictions around a hard #Brexit, this is surely the most frightening. I am not sure the world would cope (@FT).  
"We found no evidence of interference"@YouTube​'s Juniper Downs confirms there was no evidence found of Russian interference during the #Brexit referendum.  
Seven years ago our first big Express reader petition for referendum on leaving the EU was delivered. Mocked by lobby colleagues at the time  
Not really. Democracy is rule by a popular vote. Can you think of anything now legal that would not be under a democracy, ie: national referendum? 
If Jacob Rees-Mogg and his crew are misrepresenting facts in order to secure a hard Brexit which will financially benefit them, that would constitute Fraud under the 2006 Act, even if they don’t succeed.#justsaying 
This is always what Brexit was about. Listen to his voice wobble with emotion as he talks about the Queen and her boat. Pathetic, infantile nonsense.  
I think Rees Mogg also just compared Japanese cars which he says post Brexit and post customs union there would be zero tariffs, rather than 12% tariffs to Peugeots “which probably won’t work” 
George Soros, the man who 'broke the Bank of England', backing secret plot to thwart Brexit  via @Telegraph 
Scots Court rejects legal attempt by Remain lawmakers to ask the ECJ about the prospect of stopping Brexit by withdrawing Article 50. “I am not satisfied that the application has a real prospect of success. Permission to proceed is refused,”#Brexit  
Lets' start with the headline "George Soros, the man who 'broke the Bank of England' backs secret plot to thwart Brexit". This is worth unpacking. The substance of the article, and Nick Timothy's comment piece, is an organisation "Best for Britain" that Soros has helped finance 
Billionaire Brexit backer Sir James Dyson was the biggest private recipient of EU farm subsidies last year  
This is cracking telly. @faisalislam is about to talk about the meeting of the Brexit War Cabinet, and @Jacob_Rees_Mogg arrives with an Express petition to scrap the 0.7% target for foreign aid, goes on to make the case for leaving the EU's Customs Union in an ad hoc interview. 
While everyone argues about what Nick Timothy meant or did not mean, do remember the Government's own assessment of Brexit is that it will be shit and the only question is how shit. That was the position yesterday and is the position today. 
And today's #brexit @rsehole is... @fleetwoodterryoWho got annoyed @yorkshiretea wasn't grown in #YorkshireRemember Terry voted for thisSingle Market: Down 2.5%Free Trade: Down 8%No Deal: Down 12%Perhaps terry can grow tea to help his figures. 
We've launched a brand new Facebook group for readers of The New European and anti-Brexit campaigners:  
Welsh Health Secretary Vaughan Gething has written to the Prime Minister demanding she gives an ‘absolute guarantee’ that the NHS won’t form part of post-Brexit negotiations with the US.  
Beyond insulting from @WalkerWorcester. Less than 24 hours notice that Brexit impact papers will be 'available to MSPs' in another building and at times when we're either in committees/the chamber or in our constituencies. UK Government treating Scotland with contempt.  
Blogged The running commentary beginsMy detailed annotation of the proposed partial draft of the Brexit withdrawal agreement -  
The vicious smears against @NickJTimothy for rightly speaking out against those groups actively seeking to undermine #Brexit are nothing short of shameful. It’s dangerous to trivialise anti-semitism in this way.  
Barcelona away:€88 in 2012. €85 in 2018.£71 in 2012. £75 in 2018.This time they cost less, but you pay more.Brexit Tax.(BTW, they'd be another £1.50 more this time, were it not for the EU directive which banned credit card surcharges in the UK form 13th January). 
Yo @davidmundelldct (tory Scottish Secretary)We pay youBecome answerableRT if you agreeYou need to answer questions on this #tory unionist brexitHere's a reminder to help you"Single Market:  down 2.5%Free Trade: down 6%No Deal: down 9%"So let's hear it sunshine!.  
Britain should switch to WTO right away, otherwise it'll be too late, says someone who very reluctantly voted Leave and advocated the EEA until recently: #Brexit 
Fears of Brexit chaos for medicines agency should worry us all  
So presumably you would have been tearing your hair out if economists were predicting a Brexit bonanza!  
How can anyone believe forecasts made by Whitehall & government remainers & so called experts when every forecast made by these people has been proven wrong over Brexit so how credible are they 10 years ahead its just utter scaremongering by Media and remainer MP's 
TODAY'S STREAM: George Soros & campaign to stop Brexit, public want grid girls to stay and UK growth forecast boost.  
Serious, non rhetorical question - can anyone tell me of a person, in an authoritative or leadership position, that can speak confidently, eloquently & positively about Brexit, & their belief in the direction we’re headed? I’m genuinely looking for that person.  
fair point that very little of that polite Japanese Brexit memo from Sept 2016 seems to be in what we know so far of the Government Brexit plan.  
2/4 @WalkerWorcester "granting" MSPs sight of #brexit analyis only in UKgov viewing room @ Melville Cres Edinburgh  
I was listening to that, Chukka UMUNA on Sky News this morning. If anyone listened to him, you would swear we never had a referendum. Maybe i should say, we had a referendum but not a result. This man is totally ignorant, and 17 million people don't count in his book, what a dick 
Foreign Billionaire George Soros Funding Gina Miller’s Anti-Brexit Campaign   
BREXITOur increasing submission to the EU over four decades has obliterated our democratic rights. We are sliding towards the status of a regional province in a federal superstate, ruled by an unaccountable cabal that is obsessed with the ideology of political integration.  
My book launch at the Centre for Research in Race and Education one day conference 'Race and Education in the Trump/Brexit era' 7 June 2018 @unibirmingham @policypress #race #socialjustice 
PROJECT REALITY  #Brexit  
Still 18 months on - this Japanese memo account of the potential trade frictions post Brexit, the most sobe  detailed account of the issues - does the PM have answers by now?  
Not only does the "transition" mean obeying ALL EU law we'll have no defense against EU implementing punishing laws to damage or sanction us.A vassal state to nowhere which will see our fishing industry eradicated when Brexit should be a salvation!   
Labour admits Brexit plan could prevent UK from striking global free trade deals as shadow business secretary Rebecca Long-Bailey says Labour "wouldn't rule anything out at all" on Brexit  
Things @Jacob_Rees_Mogg doesn't want to talk about:How much he, his family and clients would gain from hard Brexit.His relationship to Paul Townsley, who hit a young female student at a Rees-Mogg talkThings he does want to do: Smear the civil servicePush hard Brexit  
Please post more evidence to help @DavidTCDavies and his fight against vile, violent anti democratic fascists (left) and his peaceful pro Brexit supporters (right) David was almost killed recently whilst surrounded by two #remain thugs, they even asked him to "go for a pint". 
I have written to the Prime Minister @Theresa_May in dismay at her failure to guarantee the #NHS will not be privatised as part of a post-Brexit trade deal with the US.  
So the @bbcnews website is asking "Who's still fighting Brexit?" Well, I am! RT if you are too.#stopbrexit #Remain 
Nigel Farage, Paul Dacre, Boris Johnson, Arron Banks, Michael Gove, Rupert Murdoch - I wouldn’t trust the architects of Brexit with my goldfish, never mind the future of the country 
The Telegraph has published an antisemitic ‘Jewish conspiracy’ theory about Brexit [IMAGE] 
Japanese investors and multinationals arriving for long awaited meeting with PM - but has her Cabinet Brexit subcommittee finished yet? Perhaps they should merge the two meetings!  
Scotland shut out of Theresa May's 'war cabinet' on Brexit  
A typical Leaver response to the news that Brexit will cost the North East upwards of 200,000 jobs#FBPE 
RT's @NastiaChurkina​ reports as @georgesoros​' foundation funds @BestForBritain​ an anti-#Brexit campaign calling for #Brexit to be reversed.MORE:  
#Soros backing secret plan to thwart #Brexit #Q #QAnon #GS 
Conceptualize my shock... SOROS behind secret campaign to block BrexitCampaign to begin at the end of this month will:>recruit Tory donors to undermine May>get MPs to vote against final Brexit deal>trigger another referendum or general election  
When firms start to lay off staff as a result of #Brexit, #Leavers should be made to lose their jobs first. After all they knew what they were voting for, as they keep telling us. 
Today's Yorkshire Post. Just stating the obvious really - a hard brexit would be likely to have a negative impact on our EU trade & skills.  
Please help Charlie with his Facebook poll on whether to have a second referendum.#FBPE#WATON#WeAreTheOppositionNow#StopBrexitSaveBritain#StopBrexitSaveOURNHS#StopBrexit 
FaceBook poll by Tory MP Charlie Elphicke"But I'm interested to know what you all think. Please vote in my poll.   Should there be a second referendum?" 
72p Facebook ad' on Facebook by Kremlin on Brexit, nat' media highlights it across various outlets, debating international intrusion resulting in Government debate.Soros bankrolls antidemocratic anti-Brexit campaign to the tune of £400,000 and it is an afterthought on the news? 
George Soros donated BIG money to campaign for a rerun of Britain's EU referendum!            #fo2eu 
If you want to stop Brexit, stop carping at Corbyn and go out and persuade people!  
So the Bank of England's economic forecasts from November turn out to be absolute bollocks by the beginning of February. But a 15 year 'Brexit effect' forecast is 'reliable' according to the BBC? Give me strength.   
On those doom & gloom Treasury forecasts for Brexit. Even the independent OBR’s eminently wise Robert Chote has admitted there’s a “virtually nil” chance of any economic forecast being right. (Dec 2011)  
Goldman Sachs Puppet & Globalist Bankster Criminal, Bank of England Governor Mark Carney threatens to raise interest rates faster to derail the UK economy after growth forecasts are raised.The Banksters #BrExit fearmongering hasn't worked so they are trying something else.  
Alastair Campbell - Yesterday Jeremy Corbyn yet again in #PMQs cannot bring himself to challenge the government on the single most important issue facing the country... Corbyn just doesn't challenge May on #Brexit#StopBrexit #FBPE @campbellclaret #bbcdp 
Theresa May's Brexit plan revealed: Cabinet told UK will have 'immediate' break from EU  
I would like to stop Brexit, if that is possible Can only happen if public opinion wants itBest route to change public opinion IMO is @BestForBritain I also support Corbyn. I trust him to do right thing on Brexit when the time is right IF public opinion changes@eloisetodd 
COLLUSION: Foreign Billionaire George Soros Funding Gina Miller's Anti-Brexit Campaign  
Help me understand how the UK could have another referendum? What has to happen for such a thing to be ordered?  
I'm curious to know if my friends in the UK would like to see Brexit overturned 
The fightback begins. If you believe in democracy, free speech and civil society please chip in. The Brexit fight is on. We have six months. Bring it on.Fight for Your Right to do what's Best for Britain  
For those tweeting me about #BBCDP, here's why I'm pulling my hair out about Labour's stance on Brexit:  
If I were in Northern Ireland, who voted Remain, I would be absolutely furious that the Govt is prepared to inflict 12% economic damage on it through Brexit. #FBPE #WATON 
“What I call The ultra Remainers – as you have heard with Alastair Campbell  – really don’t want to listen to voters” @Steven_Woolfe #bbcdp #Brexit  
Parts of the UK that voted Leave in the 2016 EU referendum will suffer most as a result of Brexit, according to a government impact assessment 
It's Labour who have repeatedly forced the Govt through Commons votes to release #Brexit documents that they wanted to keep secret so Alastair Campbell is talking nonsense. #bbcdp 
There is nothing “secret” or “plot” about Soros opposition to Brexit. He has been as open and vocal about it as Blair. I wonder what sets the two apart... #dogwhistle 
And here’s the Brexit forecast from the PM™ #StopBrexitSaveBritain @theresa_may @jeremycorbyn 
George Soros gives $18 bn to Open Society in alleged attempt to undermine #Brexit plans  
Top Tory warns party could 'fall apart' as fresh leak reveals the £80 billion cost of a hard Brexit  
To all the #FBPE brigade. Corbyn voted for Remain. He made speeches saying Remain lesser of 2 evils to Brexit, but needs reform. Pls RT below if you agree - 
George Soros pledges £400k to campaign against Brexit. Unknown person(s) give DUP £435k to campaign for Brexit. Spot the difference - and help our small, brilliant @openDemocracy team find out who's behind #BrexitDarkMoney. We all have a right to know: 
#bbcdp FFS another bloody Remoaner bore on the BBC Alastair Campbell. Talks bollocks morning noon & night. No one believes a word he says trying to derail Brexit all the time. Get a Brexiteer on for a change can’t it’s the BIAS BBC. Only people on who hate  want stay in EU. 
REAL COLLUSION: Foreign Billionaire George Soros Funding Gina Miller’s Anti-Brexit Campaign   
They are trying to cover up how bad Brexit will be, and treating us all as idiots.'Don't take us for idiots': North East business leader reacts to Brexit impact figures  via @NewsNowUK#StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON #CitizensRights 
The poundshop patriots of Brexit are going to go berserk. Excellent Anti-Brexit group 'to launch nationwide ad campaign' this month  via @campaignmag 
1) You don't know me or my work at all, we don't even follow one another2) The public knowing the extent to which Jacob Rees-Mogg and other hard Brexit agitators would gain from a hard Brexit is critical. If they are set to gain then their views and words are soiled  
Tommy Robinson watching footy in a pub with his 3 kids, police come & threaten to arrest him if he doesn't leave the city.  Note how police are utilising resources on 1 man with 3 kids. Kids get distressed, a man persecuted for being honest about    Islam  
Remainers: if we can change just one person's mind, we can #StopBrexit.That person is @jeremycorbyn. His failure to overtake the Tories is wholly down to his Brexit stance.If he comes out for full Remain, the end of Brexit is in sight.One person. Go for it. 
UK’s financial tech industry sees investment grow by record 150 per cent — despite fears of Brexit slump  
About to do @Bbcdailypolitics on the shambles that is Brexit 
If Jacob Rees-Mogg, his family and his wealthy clients would gain from a hard Brexit, would he have to declare an Interest when speaking or voting in the Commons?  I have asked him repeatedly if he would gain, but he ignores me.  
This is important. Brexit right must show it can draw the line between its own perfectly respectable arguments & the methods of European fascists. 
Even more good Brexit trade news. We're going to get loads of nice antibiotics in our food imported from the US. It just gets better & better  
This whole #Brexit process has been a shambles.  Our weak leader has shown her incompetence in leading this country. I thought #Brexit was meant to “take back control”. We have an ineffective government, paralysed by monumental divides. 
Regarding Brexit, nothing has changed. We need a trade deal with the EU, particularly to continue the growth of the West Midlands’ manufacturing sector. 
Brexit puts 200,000 jobs at risk in the North East. By comparison, that's more or less the amount of mining jobs lost under Thatcher in the 1980s #StopBrexit 
I concur. #Brexit such an overriding issue that must transcend party politics.However one result has been good decent people in Labour & Tories & @LibDems discovering they’ve more in common with each other, than with May and Corbyn & their brexiters.I wonder where that’ll lead? 
Emmanuel Macron's MPs offer helping hand to ANTI-BREXIT party planning to THWART Brexit  
We see Labour have no plan for Brexit, won’t say what their reckless renationalisation scheme would cost taxpayers, and despite promising ‘kinder, gentler politics’, the Shadow Chancellor has repeatedly refused to apologise for sickening abuse.#TheCorbynCon#LabourHate 
Said that the ‘dream team’ of Boris, Rees-Mogg and Gove is the nation’s worst nightmare and a disappointing remake of ‘3 men and a Brexit’ #bizQs 
Thanks to Brexit, the full benefits of free trade will be made available to everyone - @LiamFox  
Is the Secretary of State for Scotland on the run over the latest #Brexit forecasts?  
George Soros, the billionaire who nearly broke the Bank of England in the ERM debacle, is funding campaign to halt Brexit. How much does he think he can make this time 
TODAY'S LIVESTREAM AT 14:00:- George Soros bankrolls anti-Brexit campaign- Public backlash against ridiculous F1 grid girl banSee ya then!  
#LordsQs @brianpaddick: there is no precedent for a non-EU non-Schengen county to access essential EU intelligence databases. #Brexit will make us less safe - 'It's not about what everybody wants, it's about what is legally possible'  
#Brexit absolutely must NOT be overturned or reversed! Don't we believe in a thing called DEMOCRACY?!   
Oh. You mean like multi-millionaires Boris Johnson, Jacob Rees-Mogg, Arron Bankes, Crispin Odey, Peter Hargreaves, Jeremy Hosking, Robert Edmiston, Peter Cruddas, Zac G.'s mum - etc., etc.? Most of the rich folk are pro-#Brexit because — 2019 #EU anti-tax avoidance directive! 
LARGE numbers of Scots want Scotland to leave the single market alongside the rest of the United Kingdom after Brexit in order to put an end to freedom of movement despite Nicola Sturgeon's attempts to keep the country in.  
I’ll repeat: the German car manufacturers won’t be delivering the cake and unicorn model. Also, Germany’s position on #Brexit won’t change. @IanKingSky @SkyNews 
If the evil of Soros and Miller and co are to be believed I think we will see a coming together of our people because no one treats us as serfs and idiots and its all getting too much. I suspect a brexit vote now would be around 70% wanting to leave we have taken so much crap. 
It was emergency measures by the Bank of England that prevented the economic downturn after the Brexit vote we feared. Meanwhile, our warnings about the impact of a Tory Brexit on the Northern Ireland border have been vindicated. Me on @SkyNews this morning. 
Demonising George Soros is ridiculous - read his longstanding critique of the euro, treatment of Greece, his defence of democracy in Central Europe #Brexit  via @financialtimes 
This Zexit is taking longer than Brexit.... 
My late grandmother was a staunch Conservative and @Telegraph reader.I myself had always associated it with centre-right *intellectual* commentary. Even during referendum debate, its divided loyalties were fascinating to read. But since Brexit vote, it’s collapsed to a rag.  
Top Tory warns party could 'fall apart' as fresh leak reveals the cost of Brexit 
Let’s make 2018 a year where both Brexit parties are wiped out. Let’s make 2018 when the 16.3 million Remainer and 3 million EU citizens reassert ourselves and reject the toxicity of the hard left & hard right. Let’s reject division.#VoteRemainInMay 
The supposedly sinister and secret plot to stop Brexit uncovered by Nick Timothy and the Telegraph is neither secret nor sinister. We've spoken openly to the leading figures in the campaign here.  
REVEALED: Gov's leaked Brexit impact assessments expose the devastating GDP hit to every part of Britain if we go down the Gov's path & leave the Single Market & Customs Union.Please RT so everybody knows the real facts:  
So anti-Brexit tactical voting (#ABTV) - voting for the anti-Brexit party with the best chance of winning in each ward - can be extremely powerful. The Local Elections are the chance to show leaders that, to quote the Brexists, they need us Remainers more than we need them 8/8 
1844 days since David Cameron announced there'd be an EU referendum (related? A poll had just put UKIP within 10% of the Tories) and today for the 1st time the ideologically split cabinet are meeting to discus a post-Brexit positionYou are right to blame your woes on the Tories 
Rightly leaked Brexit regional impact assessments dominating local press pic.twitter.com/DWT1Jfh07m 
This is just unacceptable he needs doorstepped as does Ruth Davidson we need to know what they propose to save Scotland from this Brexit madness  
Join us outside the Cambridge Union tonight at 6.45pm  Let's show Jacob Rees-Mog that we don't just reject his hard #Brexit, we reject ANY Brexit!  @EUflagmafia @HealthierIn @ProfBrianCox @acgrayling #FBPE #StopBrexit 
I think the situation with the EU, Brexit, Islam, the left wing, the attacks on free speech are now so bad in the UK that politics has lost control. We need discipline desperately and frankly we would be better off living under the control of a patriotic military. 
The young have the most to lose and the longest to suffer the consequences of Brexit. For all our sakes, do not sit back or on the fence, make your voices heard, make your feelings felt, make your presence known.#StopBrexit 
Our submission to Brussels over 45 years has obliterated our democratic rights.Control of our laws, immigration, trade & justice system is now decided by unelected foreign officials.We are sliding towards status of an EU regional province.#Brexit #EU 
George Soros, the man who 'broke the Bank of England', backing secret plot to thwart Brexit  via @Telegraph 
The Brexit forecasts suggest that the UK will be worse off in 15 year's time than had we remained in the EU. Not that we will be worse off than now. 
When we saw that kind of unemployment in the 80s many families were saved by the opportunity to go and work in the EU on building sites.It won’t be available after Brexit. 
Just finished Robert Tombs’s brilliant History of England. It’s been badged as a Brexit manifesto but I don’t read it that way at all. Proud to be English, proud to be European - and the two have always been intimately intertwined - that’s the message! 
WATCH | We warned that Best for Britain - which gave thousands to Remoaner MPs - had Soros' fingerprints all over it. Now he's given them £400k to reverse Brexit."Best for Britain"? Here he is bragging about the billion he made by crashing our currency. 
Labour MP Paul Sweeney's Brexit position today #bbcgms: “It’s inevitable that the UK as a member state of the EU will have to withdraw from the single market & customs union as a first step" Entirely contradicts his former self & platform on which he was elected 
The shocking Brexit impact figures, the contradictory statements from the government on the Customs Union. What a week. Brexit is falling apart, isn't it?Here's why we need the Customs Union and, ultimately, the EU:  
Sir Simon Fraser - If we discover that it's not likely we're going to be able to deliver a #Brexit that works in the national interest.. then it's perfectly reasonable for the British public to review the position.#StopBrexit #FBPE @adamboultonSKY 
#bbcqt BBC BIAS every political program on comes guardian journalist bore. All hate  and Brexit all of them. All political programs slagging off Brexit spreading doom & gloom non stop. BBCQT tonight 4 bloody Remoaners one Brexiteer. Sums up BIAS BBC.     
"This right-wing newspaper’s dog-whistle conspiracist anti-Semitism over Brexit is outrageous!”“Too right. Now, about all this 'Zionist lobby'/'Rothschild' stuff . . . “"Oh, that's just legitimate criticism of Israel and bankers that you people want to twist for your agenda." 
Leaked government figures translate into a hard Brexit costing the North East the loss of 200,000 jobs, leading to a 20% unemployment rate.  
Clegg blames Brussels for #BrexitNigel Evans: 'This Remoaner-in-chief wanted to integrate UK into EU by stealth without public knowing.'He fought hard for #EU Superstate: he can blame Juncker & co, but ultimately needs to take a share of blame himself' 
My 3-year old has come home with homework about UK economic growth.I suppose he'll need to understand when he's forced to clean chimneys and pick cotton out of dangerous mechanical devices under the Conservative State's Glorious Brexit Revolution. 
Why have the EU not pulled out of the Brexit talks now that May has admitted they lied in phase1 and there will indeed be a hard Irish border? 
Re Soros story: only way of stopping Brexit (a long shot) is to make the national conversation about the reality of Brexit, its impact & how it damages the national interest. Brexiters know this: their goal= change the subject- make it about anything but the impact of Brexit. 
I wish John Humphrys would stick to Mastermind. That a BBC journalist could be so biased and play such a naked and fundamental role in shutting down debate is one of the many things brexit has turned from unthinkable into commonplace. 
Jacob Rees-Mogg claims that Britain’s entry into the EEC has given us no economic benefit. He conveniently forgets that Britain was the ‘sick man of Europe’ until it joined the EEC/EU. Since joining, GDP per person in Britain has outgrown Italy, Germany and France.#Brexit  
We don't want an anti Brexit party in Britain we voted to leave the EU - this is complete madness - it's clear that remoaners will go to any length to reverse the vote ! pic.twitter.com/fZ55cXKDUl 
I don't know about you - we've never met - but I'm SICK of this govt preparing to lead us into Brexit abyss. I'm 81 and mad as hell and I'm not going to stand for it. Where are the coordinated marches across our towns & cities? THAT would be taking back control. Pls RT. Alan. 
'..convince MPs to vote against the final Brexit deal.' Whatever that deal is. This was never about getting a deal that's best for Britain; this was always about vested interests and defying the will of the people. F*ck them. Every single one of them.  
Saboteurs, subversion, enemies of the people, plots - the tax-dodging #Brexit billionaire press are using a paranoid nationalist rhetoric which they know full well will inflame hate and provoke far-right attempts to intimidate opponents of Brexit.#StopBrexit #FBPW #WATON 
"People in every corner of UK will be shocked to see the Govt's own assessment of the damage Brexit will do to their communities" @SDoughtyMP points out the absurdity of people having to find out about the threat to their jobs & livelihoods through leaks 
Price increases after a 'no deal' #Brexit:Food & drink: 16%Retail: 20%Chemical, rubber & plastic: 12%Other manufacturing: 12%Motor vehicles: 13%Agriculture: 17%Machinery, equipment & energy: 6%Business services: 6%Financial services: 10%Defence, education & health: 16% 
Soros Spending Huge Money Trying To Overturn Brexit  
READ: The inside story of the GCG and campaign to prevent Britain from heading to a 'hard Brexit' outside of the EU, Single Market & Customs Union.  
Dear Jeremy Corbyn, young people need your help to halt Brexit | Femi Oluwole  
The Conservative Party faces an "immense challenge" to repair the schism caused by Brexit, former attorney general Dominic Grieve has warned  
Remainers & 'Stop Brexit' campaign continue to double down on ANTI-BREXIT messsages while our new @BJPolS study suggests PRO-EU messages shift attitudes more. Discuss. 
Forgive me for another statement of the blindingly obvious, but if the government is only now deciding Brexit policy on:In or out of the Single MarketIn or out of the Customs UnionThe border with N Ireland...Then the referendum gave them no mandate for their policy 
Now we know that @Jacob_Rees_Mogg would swell his fortune with a hard Brexit,  all he says is tarnished. He has a MASSIVE conflict of interest. There are others too.   
The latest issue of The New European is out today. In this week's edition - why Labour must hold its own referendum plus the rise of Jacob-Rees Mogg   
Robert Mercer & fellow billionaires? Tax evasion?Disaster capitalism? Brexit benefits the big boys only.  
Twitter Left: Bankers and speculators  are evil. Let’s hang them or at least lock them up.Bankers: Here is lots of money to stop Brexit. Twitter Left: It is now a crime to criticise bankers or question their motives. 
When Richard Branson tried to thwart Brexit, he was fair game for criticism.When Gina Miller tried to thwart Brexit, she was fair game for criticism. When George Soros tries to thwart Brexit, everyone that has an issue with it is an anti semite racist. That's interesting. 
In response to various messages, I can't predict the Lottery results and I've no idea who'll win the Grand National, but an analysis of the structure of the North East economy provides the facts on which a No Deal Brexit assessment can be made. And it's dire. 
Nigel Farage:'Philippe, we had a referendum on this & we voted to Leave!That should be end of conversation.You guys forced Danes & Irish to vote again as Brussels never accept a 'NO'"But this time, do you know what?We actually mean it!"#Brexit #EU 
George Soros, the man who 'broke the Bank of England', backing secret plot to thwart Brexit  
This is well worth your time. My colleague @adampayne26 has taken a look inside the new cross-party campaign that is fighting to stop a hard and destructive Brexit. 
READ: Pro-EU groups have joined together for a new campaign to prevent Britain from heading to a 'hard Brexit' outside of the EU, Single Market & Customs Union.  
How incredibly absurd. Article by  @NickJTimothy  re V. well- funded 'Remain' organisations trying to thwart Brexit, turns 2accusations he's antisemitic! All more crazy as N Timothy is pro-Israel. As a remain voter - & Jewish - nonsense like this, makes me much more pro Brexit.  
EXC: Inside the campaign for another Brexit referendumPlease read and enjoy my deep dive into the Chuka Umunna-led, grassroots movement pushing for a public vote on the final Brexit deal 
Labour lost momentum, when they lied to the student's about abolishing their fees. Also now voting against, £450 million for the police. This Lefty opposition is really getting under people's skin, won't tell us where they stand on Brexit, customs union, or single market PATHETIC 
Free trade deals will add less than 1% to GDP, but leaving the Single Market will mean a 5% loss, according to David Davis' Brexit department.Does anyone else remember Davis saying new deals would give us a free trade area "10 times the size of the EU"? 
We have to force the UK Government to sit up and listen to Wales on Brexit, writes @Adamprice 
Hard Brexit would cost public finances £80bn, says secret analysis. Just what would that do to Labour's ability to transform the country?  
John Humphrys on #r4today trots out the line that 1,269,501 majority Voted For Brexit Therefore it is The Immutable Will Of The People No Matter What the Outcome. But 1,157,613 voted Green in 2015 and were rewarded with just one MP. 
The Remainer plot to stop Brexit is so secret it is pretty much all any of them have talked about for a year and a half. 
May refuses to guarantee she'd protect the NHS in a post-Brexit US trade deal  
The PM is not up to the job, her government seems pointless, her party utterly divided over Brexit with open civil war among leading players. And Labour under Corbyn? Four points behind. Will the opposition ever wake up & realise its performance is pathetic?  
Bizarre. Some unionists seem to be arguing that a post-Brexit rUK, which is apparently leaving the EU so as to improve free-trade with independent countries, would refuse to have free trade with an independent Scotland. 
Leaked: Soros donates almost half a million pounds to campaign seeking to reverse #Brexit  
Tariffs would be a WTO requirement, not an EU choiceJenkin too lazy or dim to inform himself, much less the countryWhy does the BBC continue to give a platform to #Brexit commentators saying 'the moon is made of cream cheese" without challenge? Why tweet their nonsense?  
There's another strand to this. Putin regards Soros as one of his main enemies because of his work to build democracy in Eastern Europe. The Telegraph is surely aware of this as well as the antisemitism. #StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
7 years into a Govt, with messy Brexit, defeat last year, the Tories are on 43% in today's YouGov poll. 4 points ahead of Labour. Want to see the Corbynista's faces when they realise Jezzer has peaked?  
#HometoVote is back! Up to 40,000 Irish people living abroad are eligible to vote in abortion referendum  
First reply to Owen Jones’ tweet about the wildly antisemitic front page of the Telegraph is someone with FBPE in their name saying it’s his and Corbyn’s fault for not stopping Brexit. British politics <kisses fingers> 
According to today's Telegraph Gina Miller has taken 400k from Soros to fight Brexit. Remember her saying she accepted brexit it - was democracy which concerned her. What is this treacherous viper doing in our country? If she is unhappy why not go and live with Soros. 
Green Park. Jubilee line suspended. Who cares about infrastructure when we’ve got Brexit to spend all our money on?  
So, to summarise, these are second derivative predeictions as to the effect of Brexit, over a much longer period of time, advanced by people who got short term predictions of the direct impact of Brexit seriously wrong? @bbclaurak 
Utter dereliction of duty by @DavidMundellDCT. Nowhere to be seen. Unavailable to talk about the Brexit impact on Scotland. What is the point of him?  
John Humphrys on #r4today just stated that the British people voted "by a large majority" to leave the EU. NO THEY DID NOT because the EU referendum was won by a margin of 4%. That’s not “by a large majority”. So please stop peddling myths and lies. #r4today 
Here’s some of the details we found last night in the secret Brexit impact papers:- No deal costs £80bn in extra borrowing- North East worst hit- Study does not even model the effect of a hard border in NI- US trade deal worth just 0.2% boost to GDP  
Ouch these figures look bad?What do we do?We need a dead cat, fast.George Soros plot to stop brexit?Put it on the front page. That way we can have a row about being accused of antisemitism instead.  
@NickJTimothy @Telegraph we have known each other for a good years, we were on opposite sides during the EU referendum, the idea that you would endorse Antisemitism views is ludicrous. You are a consistent friend of Israel. Nasty smears add nothing to arguments 
George Soros, a foreign national, throws £400k in a bid to reverse Brexit. British people rightly kick off about it. Owen Jones puts down his Soy Latte to label them anti-semitic on Twitter. The guy is a fucking salad. 
I knew Brexit debate would get ugly when reality started to bite. I didn't think it would get "shadowy Jews are pulling the strings says former PM adviser" ugly. Disgraceful of Telegraph and Nick Timothy to weaponise the far right's favourite conspiracy theory. 
Mundell, Davidson or anyone else from The ScotTories ... not available.Pfft.Its their hard brexit. They are willfully hurting Scotland. 
It's additionally odd that BBC coverage of 'the activists who are *still* fighting Brexit' covers 4 lonely-looking individuals as opposed to the massive #FBPE, Open Britain, Best for Britain, Umunna's cross-party group, Adonis, etc. 
Nigel Farage’s Incredible Brexit Speech Leaves LBC Listeners With Goosebumps - LBC @LBC 
The Governments own impact assessment papers prove that Brexit will devastate the UK economy and hurt the poor the most. The left wing pundits and pro Corbyn MP's who have tried to conceal his life long pro Brexit stance by screaming "it's the will of the people". Shame on you. 
Why is Mr Mundell not being door-stepped like Michael Matheson or Nicola Sturgeon? More double standards from @BBCScotlandNews. Brexit's a disaster and Mr Mundell & Ruth Davidson have to answer for their Govt's chaotic Brexit policy. #RuthDavidson #DavidMundell #Brexit #Scotland pic.twitter.com/MaZBe77P2Q 
Look at the wonderful, elected people who want to #StopBrexit. But #Brexit was all about rich tax avoiders... #ThursdayThoughts 
I apologise to the students i was talking to yday about how to get into journalism, turns out the *actual* route now to a frontpage byline is being a PM's ex-spad with a whiffy Brexit conspiracy theory 
Looking over all the leaks of lack of growth and huge price rises plus an enormous amount of Gov borrowing we can say that Brexit is a vote for austerity for another 10-15 years.Also Corbyn’s spending plans won’t survive the light of day after Brexit.  There won’t be the money. 
It is time for the @BBCNews to take a long hard look at the way its narrative on Brexit is driven by the hard right. Tony Hall needs to get a grip  
#bbcgms David Mundell and every single @ScotTories MP unavailable this morning to comment on devastating Brexit they are imposing on Scotland. So they are represented by @PaulJSweeney @scottishlabour  
Unbelievable!!!Theresa May refuses to rule out handing the NHS to Donald Trump in any post-Brexit US/UK trade deal??? You What!!!Outsourcing privatisation Tory Party Cash Cow.. get these parasites out of office.. 
No Scottish Conservative MP would come onto @BBCRadioScot this morning to discuss #Brexit forecast the UK government wanted to withhold. Pathetic. 
You’ve got to see the funny side of this: all that hysterical fake news about ‘Russian interference’ in Brexit & here we have one side receiving £400K from a US billionaire who is part of the US political establishment. Is that not ‘interference’ ?!!   
Soros. Hungarian George Soros backs campaign to reverse Brexit - and he could buy every ad in every British newspaper and on every TV channel for a year and not even feel the cost. He hides behind "foundations" so you not even know it was him. Beware.  
Getting ridiculous now. #r4today main interview/segment at 8:10 is on harassment at Westminster. Editorial line clearly to focus away from crisis around Brexit, which is mad given devastating report on damage published last night & car producers at Downing Street today 
If the country had a referendum on what should happen to Jon Venables, it's safe to say that giving him a 40 month slap on the wrist and a secret identity wouldn't get the popular vote,#BritishJusticeIsASickJoke 
A No Deal Brexit would see the North East hit twice as hard as the UK as a whole. That suggests the loss of more than 200,000 jobs - 1 in 6 of the current total. All things being equal, unemployment would top 20%. Absolutely devastating. 
1. It’s not secret- it’s a national campaign backed by Lord Adonis & Tim Farron2. It’s not “thwarting” Brexit- it wants a 2nd referendum. Y’know, democracy?3. Don’t bring this Breitbart BS here. 4. It sounds great. Where can I donate?  
The most useless Government in living memory and Labour can’t even pull ahead of them. It must bow be time for Labour to break the UK parties Brexit consensus.  
Brexit expectations versus reality  
This man is a liar. And he's a big reason the Scottish economy is going to collapse with Brexit.   
More money thrown at Remainers - they still don’t get it! : Soros gives £400k to Gina Miller’s campaign to stop Brexit  
“The celebration of the Suffragettes has been led by people who wouldn’t recognise democracy if it slapped them in the face. They cheer Votes for Women and yet they want to shut down the women, and men, who voted for Brexit.”Brendan O’Neill in The Sun 
AND WE’RE LIVE! We’re excited to launch  - a global campaign calling on Irish abroad to return #HometoVote in the #8thAmendment referendum. Read more here  or visit . #repealthe8th 
Labour alarm bells should ring. One poll, etc, but not streets ahead in others despite Con civil war, wages, NHS, Brexit shambles(add own next 10 disasters),  
Just hard Brexit advocates in govt or does this apply to oppositions too?  
Brexit expert Andrew Pierce seems to think George Soros is British 
Theresa May warns of a run on the pound and a capital flight if Labour get in - you couldn’t make it up as that’s just what her Tory Hard Brexit is already doing  
So there you have it. Brexit will destroy the economy, confirmed. Hope everyone who insists this is still a price worth paying will volunteer themselves for unemployment when the job losses start.  
One of the long time champions of hard line no-deal Brexit gets called out for not even knowing the basics of what it would mean.  
Billionaire investor George Soros has handed £400,000 to a pro-EU campaign to reverse the Brexit vote.  
Seen a few comments on these regional brexit impact figures suggesting the areas that voted Leave will be hit that hardest. That's true of England & Wales. But Scotland & Northern Ireland, who will also be very hard hit, did not vote to Leave.  
Freedom of movement isn’t all we are losing. Already the BBC is denying freedom of expression on Brexit.  
Hey @Telegraph Thinly-veiled conspiratorial antisemitism will get you nowhere. It’s not a secret. It’s not a plot. We’re stopping Brexit. And if an 87-year-old Holocaust survivor wants to help us, God bless him and fuck you pic.twitter.com/vaQqu03BRk 
If this case succeeds it would give EU citizenship rights to 60 million people - even after Brexit. The most important piece of litigation of modern times? 
Long have we suspected Soros was behind her campaign, now it’s in the open:George Soros has handed £400,000 to a campaign group founded by Gina Miller which is trying to overturn #Brexit with a nationwide advertising campaign and Momentum style rallies 
“Theresa May embroiled in growing row over NHS for sale in post Brexit US trade deal”  
Either he's deliberately lied, or the Secretary of State for Scotland is so far from the process/insignificant/out the loop that he hasn't been trusted with the information. Either way, it brings his position into question. #Brexit  
George Soros's foundation backs campaign to reverse Brexit  It's a pleasure to work with @eloisetodd of @BestForBritain & @Bremaininspain are really looking forward to our joint event in Alicante this Saturday. By working together we can all #StopBrexit2018 
“Hi, I’m Alice Cooper, nice to meet you”“Brexit means Brexit”“I’m sorry, what?”“Brexit means Brexit”“I don’t follow...”“Brexit means Brexit”“Are you okay?”“Brexit means Brexit”“Have you eaten? They’ve laid on quite the spread in the green room”“Brexit means Brexit”“I..”  
When will you get the message that by voting through #Brexit you will be trashing UK economy & ensuring far greater cuts. You're a good man Andrew but this is close to hypocrisy @Labour4EU @EK_EuropeanMove 
Soros funding Miller to try to reverse Brexit. Why do they want UK to fail and become a vassal state? Soros wants the New World Order based on 1984? 
BBC news are at it again this morning - citing govt report that all areas of UK will suffer from Brexit, but then adding govt line that ‘models don’t include bespoke deal sought by Mrs May’. No mention that EU has said 107 times there will be NO bespoke deal, no cherry picking 
See @telegraph for the kind of fear mongering that stops people speaking out on Brexit. We won’t be intimidated. We have a right to fight Brexit. We’re still a democracy.Join us:  @BestForBritain 
_This is what happens when an illusionary medicine (Brexit) is applied to a very real illness (de-industrialisation)...  
George Soros, the man who 'broke the Bank of England', backing secret plot to thwart Brexit  SOROS globalist NWO exposed in UK launching ad campaign to force 2nd BREXIT VOTE - SOROS WILL LOSE #QAnon #Qanon8chan 
Now you CANNOT tell me that this is because the Tories are doing anything RIGHT.It’s because Corbyn has squandered the goodwill and (no pun intended) momentum Labour gained last summer by pointlessly insisting on OPPOSING HIS OWN SUPPORT BASE on Brexit.FOR GOD’S SAKE WAKE UP.  
"For some reason the young people feel it's good to attack the old"WATCH @Steven_Woolfe oppose the motion 'This House Regrets Brexit'  
Soros donated money to campaign for second Brexit EU referendum  
Retweet if you think the @BBCr4today Brexit propaganda show should dare to acknowledge @TheNewEuropean in its daily paper review. 
At every opportunity, Brexit extremists ignore simple EU rules that have been clear to anyone who pays attention since June 2016 and before.And Brexitters cheer.  
In Glasgow, as in rest of UK, employers who worry about not being able to hire enough low-waged staff after Brexit might consider paying (and training) more than they do now. 
So Folks, 18months after UK voted leave & just a few months before agreement on exit must go to EUgovts- the UK cabinet is having its 1st(!) meeting on what it wants from #brexit. Just think about that for a moment..  
Billionaire George Soros is trying to subvert referendum..Does he make more money speculating agaivst pound iif we stay in EU 
Pause required...If we say "So you're going ahead with Brexit, although the consequences will be dire, say, for a decade".......we have to accept the same comment re another possible drastic constitutional change, so be ready with your counter-arguments. 
Britain's retail sector could be hit by a 20% rise in costs after Brexit - while car makers could see a 13% rise in manufacturing costs outside the EU - according to the Government's own internal estimates  
What’s that? I thought Labour were a government in waiting?Oh I get it now. People are tired of rhetoric from Labour and actually see the @Conservatives governing. Whilst Labour get splinters from the #Brexit fence & big financial holes appear in their spending pledges.  
Thinking of all the £millions, the energy, effort, going in to make #Brexit happen, then hearing senior social care folk in bits about unprecedented budget cuts, decimating services for those in desperate need, my heart breaks. 
Unbelievable!!!Theresa May refuses to rule out handing the NHS to Donald Trump in any post-Brexit US/UK trade deal??? You What!!!  
Terrifying - Brexit explained in 2 minutes - they haven't feckin' clue. A Tory Party civil war is about to feck this country to Hell and this gimp says it's going to be the same but not the same. Holy bejasus!  
But Jeremy Corbyn has the same Brexit position as the Tories  
But the article does serve as a reminder about how those pushing for brexit, Orbán’s crew, Putinists, Trumpists, etc all share a common goal: to break the very idea of an open and inclusive society. 
mmmm antibiotic infused American meat for asinine brexit carnivores   
Government Brexit research suggests slower growth throughout UK  via @MichaelLCrick 
And the great "plot" that the Telegraph claims to have uncovered? Apparently, a lot of very smart people think that brexit is a very stupid idea. Breaking, above-the-fold stuff there, folks, really... 
Hundreds of NHS staff forcibly moved to a private company, Theresa May refuses to rule out flogging off NHS to US firms in post Brexit trade deal & private companies win 70% of Clinical contracts in England, but apparently Gov’ has no plan to privatise NHS  
No, what it confirms is that there is no “good  deal” to be had  from #Brexit for Scotland and the rest of the UK .   Such a thing doesn’t exist just as @ScotGov has been saying for months. 
Most MPs supporting the UK shooting itself in the foot, based on a gerrymandered referendum where Leave gained millions of votes for the Norway model which was never available. WT Flying F ???  
REVEALED: George Soros hands Gina Miller campaign £400,000 in desperate bid to STOP Brexit  
"...will be a once-in-a-generation choice. An in or out referendum. When the British people speak their voice will be respected not ignored. If we vote to leave then we will leave there'll not be another renegotiation and another referendum."  
Air traffic control instructor says it took 15yrs & £250m to set up EUropean airspace & EUropean pilots licences-Brexit throws it away-We will be on our own-We will buy rights to fly over EUrope & EUropean states will be able to name their price-EUropean licence will be invalid. 
So, I might have to write a Forbes post about Moggy and his Brexit windfall. In the public interest, of course, like that post about John Redwood and his advice to investors. What do you think, Twitter? 
Well, the 2008 crash knocked British GDP by 1.5% and increased unemployment to over 8%The most conservative estimates from the Conservative government say Brexit will be worse than this. And the most conservative scenario is no longer on the table due to their positionPip pip 
Keir, unless you stay in the customs union, at least, you’re advocating hard brexit. This is you, labour, advocating this. You do see that, don’t you? 
So, Rees-Mogg clearly has a massive conflict of interest around hard Brexit, according to reports on his expected windfall. Are we really so shoddy that we don’t have rules against this kind of thing?I mean criminal offences around pecuniary advantage. Something. Anything? 
I want to see Corbyn travel to the NE and tell the citizens “You voted for Brexit and I’m determined to give it to you good and hard. I’m with the Tories on this and you’re not going to get the chance to change your minds. You’ve made your bed....” Why not? it’s what he thinks. 
Despite Mrs May’s claims, there will never be a better ‘bespoke’ EU deal than our existing membership of the Single Market...so Brexit risks worse outcomes than the best in these worrying forecasts. Brexit fantasy island will soon face hard realities of life outside the EU.  
NEW: Soros Spending Huge Money Trying To Overturn Brexit  
Labour had choices & chose not to take Govt to court re Exec powers, chose to go along with a Tory #Brexit in invoking A50 w/o due diligence & whipped MPs ..it is choosing to deny the Ppl the chance of a #FinalSay + a #StopBrexit option & if it persists it will be complicit. 
Rees-Mogg in line for a huge personal windfall when Britain exits the single market. His firm Somerset Capital has 9.6 billion dollars under management according to its website.  Banking on Brexit!  via @LondonEconomic 
Leaked Document Reveals Soros Backing Secret Plot To Overturn Brexit  
Reality Check: Brexit Britain is so financially far up shit creek that there will be a huge leap in unemployment, welfare will be cut as the state can’t afford it, and they will also flog the NHS to Trump’s America. There’s no different outcome headed your way. 
#EurovisionYouDecideHOW ABOUT next year, after we've stopped #Brexit, you let #EUsupergirl have a go at #Eurovision? Think I could be popular with the #Europeans, might even get us some votes?#StopBrexit #FBPE #Eurovision2018 
United Kingdom: 'George Soros donated money to campaign for a rerun of Britain's EU referendum' 
This confirms what I've always said. Namely that Brexit is a cult, and MOST Leavers are impervious to facts and logic. That's why we need to concentrate on non-voters, first time voters, and the undecided.Let events take care of the rest.#FBPE 
When the Japanese car makers set up shop in Britain, the Berlin Wall was still standing. When it fell, and cheaper labour became available in Eastern Europe, they still remained loyal and stayed here. But Brexit WILL drive them off.#FBPE 
Brexit is turning into a national tragedy. Read this thread from @GuitarMoog.It’s time for politicians of all parties to work together to #StopBrexit. 
.@statedeptspox: We congratulate the people of #Ecuador on a successful national referendum on February 4. The U.S. looks forward to continuing to advance the common interests which drive the relationship between our people in a constructive direction.  
So please. If anyone is feeling alienated by the notion of a Youth campaign, please remember this (tweet below) and remember that Brexit hurts EVERYONE and I'm going to keep making that point, as I've done since the whole debate began.  
Government Brexit Impact assessments indicate that the minimum damage to the economy of a hard Brexit would be £80bn!! Every region of the UK will suffer - the worst being the NE with a 16% reduction in growth. Stop this madness now #StopBrexit #r4today 
Big break by the Telegraph, reporting that George Soros is one of the top investors behind a campaign to undermine #Brexit  
Congratulations to people of #Ecuador on successful nat'l referendum. U.S. commends President @Lenin's commitment to transparency & look forward to advancing common interests, such as #education, #trade, #security, #environment, & disaster preparedness in a constructive manner. 
I realised it's not enough to give people Brexit facts. We have to win hearts. The strongest emotional message is: The next generation doesn't want their future defined by Brexit; Don't do this to them.The face of that message is young people. But we need EVERYONE!@OFOCBrexit 
People are starting to realise that 1) Labour is far too wishy washy on Brexit, 2) Labour are anti-Semitic and are actually letting abuse flourish, and 3) Labour are economically incompetent with sh*t or bust economics according to Angela Rayner. 
People are underrating the threat to legal and political norms if the economy strengthens and Trump’s approval ratings increase - will be taken as referendum on Russia, Mueller, etc. About to dump major stimulus into the economy.  
Can you seriously hear yourself Mr Starmer? You and your leader are as complicit in this mess as the Tory hard right. Your lack of opposition and your leader’s shameful pro Brexit stance means you must take responsibility for this mess as much as they should. 
Billionaires: Bamford (JCB), Barclays (Telegraph, the Ritz), Chandler (hedge fund), Edmiston (Subaru), Murdoch; Millionaires: Farage, Banks, Odey (hedge fund), Marshall (hedge fund), Hoare (private banking), Barbour (magazines). These people funded Leave. Brexit is for the elite  
Where do @NickJTimothy et al get their "secret" plots to thwart Brexit notions from? As a fully paid up Remoaner I can assure him that every single one of us is perfectly open about our attempts to thwart Brexit. If anything we complain that our efforts don't get enough publicity 
3. PS Oh & in backing any #Brexit you are wholly complicit with the Tory theft of our Rights as you can't guarantee they will be protected from any future Tory Govt...if you can't #StopBrexit yourselves give it back to us & we'll do it for you! #ConfirmTheWill! 
2. #Brexit tide's turned. 37% voters was never the Will. Far Right aren't interested in the Ppl & you've got Momentum snapping at yr heels. #Remain now has more real momentum than them...Time to Confirm the Will. Allow a Binding #FinalSay 2018 + #StopBrexit option or lose votes. 
You know Brexit will be a disaster. Time to start opposing it. The right option for jobs and public services is to #StopBrexit and #Remain in the EU. #FBPE. 
With 80% of of the press spewing out orchestrated proto-fascist pro-government propaganda on behalf of its tax-dodging billionaire owners Britain has a press more like that of Putin's Russia than of a healthy democracy. #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit #WATON 
There are good, decent Tories, just as there are good, decent people on the Labour benches. Brexit requires us all to put party politics to one side and now do what is in the national interest.  
1. Time 4 Labour to accept there's no good #Brexit 2B had. May blew it backed by you when A50 was invoked w/o due diligence.U know that only CU/SM Convergence will prevent an Irish border & shield some of the econ but it's Pay & Obey No Say! Better to #Remain in the EU & Reform, 
These two tables of leaked government figures show the catastrophic damage that Brexit will do to the various sectors and regions of the UK.#FBPE 
I hope I rattled a few #Brexit cages at the National Justice Museum tonight EU citizens deserve the Right to Vote!#StopBrexit #FBPE"I Will Fight On!I won't give up, no I won't leave!A happier world for everyone,We can make together if we believe!" 
Can’t wait for this chaotic Brexit-split Tory Govt to end so we can get a chaotic Brexit-split Labour Govt to end so..  
Let's fix the problems in this country. Let's actually address the reasons why you voted Brexit. Brexit is not the answer! It's going to hurt some of the regions that voted for it, most of all!! That's a future NONE of us want!. 
Theresa May comments raise fears the NHS will be 'for sale' in trade deal with the US after Brexit  
PS. To my overseas friends. Yes, Britain is suffering from BDS - Brexit Derangement Syndrome - and all our post colonial neuroses are coming to the foreBut bear with us during this collective breakdown. This episode cannot last much longer 
The lead Telegraph story, jointly penned by Theresa May's ex-chief of staff, alleges a conspiracy led by George Soros against Brexit. It uses a smear campaign by Hungary's dictatorship as evidence.Call it out for what it is: dog-whistle anti-Semitism. 
George Soros once won £1 billion betting against the Pound and breaking the Bank of England. Has now piled £400,000 into “Best for Britain” since the Election to stop Brexit. Awkward for Remain MPs 
An election which would replace a government that supports Brexit with a government that supports Brexit. Let's have independence instead.  
The Mail and Telegraph are  looking after the interests of their super-rich owners, who will do really well out of Brexit 
Northern Ireland, the North of England, Wales and West Midlands hardest hit by Brexit  - says the Government. Don’t remember that on the bus... 
Excl: PM slips her most loyal Cabinet minister onto the Brexit negotiations committee, sparking suggestions she is preparing to confront Boris; 
First Spanish police charged over Catalan referendum. By @GemmaLinan via @Elnacionalcaten 
LOL Almost all working people are poorer due to Brexit inflation.  
Is Brexit the first time in history that people have actively wished for their children to be worse off than them?  
So George Soros - *a non-UK citizen* - has donated over £400,000 to Gina Miller's "Best for Britain" campaign to undermine and prevent Brexit (because he cares deeply about our democracy). And several British politicians are complicit in the effort.  
What @johnredwood is suggesting here is both illeagal under WTO rules & technically impossible. I find it shocking that a man who's spent his entire adult life campaigning for #Brexit has simply not the first idea what this actually involves.  
As the Government tears itself apart over Brexit, the Chancellor’s council is on the brink of bankruptcy. Will someone get a grip, please?  
ASTONISHING !Ian Paisley (DUP) declaims " Put the Country first !! " #BrexitHis hypocrisy is BREATH TAKING !A word in your ear IAN.Northern Ireland voted REMAIN.#Newsnight 
It took North East England decades to recover from the loss of its traditional industries. Brexit would see a return to those dark days and with no hope of attracting the levels of inward investment that helped the region rebuild in the ‘80s and ‘90s. 
Any Brexit destroys jobs. The only Jobs first Brexit is where Jobs go first.The fence is evaporating @jeremycorbyn time to make a decision what side of history you wish to be on.You are either with #FBPE or with JRM and his Tories! 
Theresa May's former chief of staff, Nick Timothy, has taken to The Telegraph to write an article that peddles anti-semitic conspiracy theories about the influence of George Soros to scare-monger about a plan to "thwart" the Brexit process. This is a new low for Brexiteers. 
“This is about control, about the British people being in control of their own destiny” - @ianpaisleymp says “we need to stop being so negative” about Brexit #newsnight 
No. By far the best option is to #Remain in the EU, as this data shows.Staying in the Single Market is the next best option, with a 2% hit to the economy. Other Brexit options much more damaging.So let’s #StopBrexit. 
New Brexit leak of Government analysis reveals Britain's retail sector could be hit by a 20% rise in costs after Brexit - while car makers could see a 13% rise in manufacturing costs outside the EU   
Whenever I read that the "Elite" will bring down Brexit, I think that is quite a lot of power to attribute to the classic 1980s space trading computer game. 
I've literally just choked reading this. I'm sorry @Keir_Starmer, but you are part of a front bench team whose leader has advocated us leaving the single market & whose Shadow Trade Secretary said remaining in the Customs Union would make us a vassal state. That is hard Brexit!  
Jacob Rees-Mogg is a greedy pig who stands to make millions from Brexit. He's not in it for any high ideals, he's in it for himself.  
‘However Tory MPs feel about Brexit, voting against the Government when the deal is done risks something much, much worse.’ I think that’s called ‘project fear’!  
The options now are:- Remain in the EU & tackle Britain's problems- Minimise the damage with Soft Brexit but lose half our manifesto & become a rule taker- Damage every region & devastate some with Hard Brexit- Unprecedented damage of No DealNo contest for us #StopBrexit 
Odious but somehow entirely predictable that opposing Brexit would eventually get cast into that fave far-right antisemitic conspiracy theory 
Billionaire George Soros backs campaign to reverse Brexit  
It doesn't sound secret. It doesn't sound like a plot. And it does sound like a pamphlet Viktor Orban would send to rural constituents in Hungary ... we live in such strange times. #Brexit  
The Telegraph goes all Viktor Orban in identifying George Soros as Brexit public enemy number one. Pathetic stuff from a wretched, increasingly rabid oracle of Toryism.  
Guardian front page, Thursday 8 February 2018: Revealed – the £80bn cost of hard Brexit  
The pro-Brexit government are rubbishing its own assessments of Brexit bc we found out what they said. 
Thursday’s GUARDIAN: “Revealed: The £80bn cost of hard Brexit” #bbcpapers #tomorrowspaperstoday (via @AllieHBNews) 
Whatever #Brexit option we get it will damage our economy. Hitting the poorest people in the most deprived parts of UK  
What the f@ck is wrong with the Brexit Government? #FBPE 
This is a fight for our future, our values, for an open, inclusive, tolerant and compassionate country. We can’t afford to lose, fight #Brexit with every fibre of your being, the alternative is an inward looking, xenophobic intolerant country. #StopBrexit! 
A very true statement in the Evening Standard tonight by @JamesMcGrory of @Open_BritainWith the PM today raising fears that the NHS could be sold as part of a desperate Brexit trade deal with the US, on mainland Europe it is the envy of our closest friends. It must be protected  
The logic of this flawed argument is MPs in seats where the majority voted Remain should oppose #Brexit ?  
Latest #brexit argument: if this guy can survive outside the customs union so can we.  
All credit to @afneil ( not something I have said often) for laying bare the nervous evasions of a @GovUK Trade Minister who is terrified of saying anything about #Brexit in case it is the wrong thing and ends up looking and sounding ridiculous .  
The SNP's @joannaccherry quoted Mary Queen of Scots in her maiden speech back in 2015. Can we apply this quote today to Westminster, to Brexit negotiations, to devolution?  
Scoop: Hard Brexit would cost public finances £80bn, says secret analysis  
The front page of tomorrow's Daily Telegraph: 'Man who 'broke the Bank of England' backing secret plot to thwart Brexit' #tomorrowspaperstoday 
To recap: ministers boasted they were doing Brexit impact assessments, then refused to hand them over, then released them (saying they weren't impact assessments after all), while they were drawing up actual grim impact assessments they planned to keep secret: confused yet? 
Guy Verhofstadt looking on the bright side of Defeat:“Today we celebrate 25th birthday of Maastricht Treaty which introduced the concept of "European citizenship" with strong support of Helmut Kohl."Sorry, I don't remember voting for that!#Brexit #EU 
And here's the cheeky Brexit-joke. Thank you so much for all comments!   
In between watching The Police Academy box set and solving the mysteries of Dark Matter Paul Nuttall is taking €8,484.05 of your taxpayers pennies every single month. Be grateful Britain. You got your sovereignty back #bbcnews #ukip #Brexit  
15/1/18 - @ScotTories - “The SNP Government have gone completely over the top with the scaremongering here”7/2/18 - Tory UK Gov Brexit analysis shows Scotland’s economy worse hit than Scot Gov predicted7/2/18 - Scot Tories comment.............. 
Last year we were told that Aberdeen is likely to be the hardest hit city in the UK as a result of Brexit. This news pours fuel on those claims. Time for the 2 local Tory MP’s to start defending the city, not their party. 
Ok - run this one past me again Keir - where exactly is the Labour party in this please? Thanks. ( not seen much of them - and your question about brexit today at PMQs was what? Missed that too. #FBPE 
So why are you supporting Brexit?ANY Brexit is damaging.Politicians are meant to guide us mere mortals.  If you KNOW Brexit is wrong - why aren’t you still fighting it?!PLEASE STOP BEING COMPLICIT IN THIS TITANIC BREXIT!  
Brexit could have the biggest economic impact on the areas that voted to leave the EU, while pro-Remain London is likely to stay strong, according to official forecasts  
In addition: how can any civil servant now sign off advice saying hard Brexit is a viable option in the national interest? 
Most definitely. Also important to note these figures show economic pain from *any* kind of Brexit. We should aim to maximise opportunity and prosperity for all, and never settle for second-best.  
George Soros, the man who 'broke the Bank of England', backing secret plot to thwart Brexit  
You might look at my bio and think 'posh lawyer', it was handed to me on a plate. It wasn't. I was underweight, I missed a lot of school because I was constantly ill & things have been hard. This is what poverty does to a kid. Brexit is going to harm more children, just like me. 
Cost of hard Brexit: £80bn- What Govt have been trying to keep secret Tomorrow’s Guardian  
'Could': Project Fear Media Publishes Partial Govt Brexit Analysis to Frighten UK... Again  
Guardian sees leaked HMT estimate on regional hit from Brexit... let’s be honest about what could wipe 15% off NE: Nissan - WMids: JLR ...  
I was a child in the 80s. My father lost his job at the start of the recession, & he never recovered. We lived on benefits, and I can remember going to bed hungry, waking up hungry, & feeling bad because I needed new shoes. This is what Brexit is going to do to our working class. 
GET STUFFED SOROS YOU VILE SCUMBAG ...... keep out of OUR BUSINESS!!!! George Soros - backing secret plot to thwart Brexit !!  
BBC News at 6: Areas in North & NE who voted Leave will be hit the hardest by Brexit. No more excuses, Labour MPs. You know the truth. Time to speak up. #stopbrexitnow @UKLabour @Labour4EU @ChukaUmunna @jeremycorbyn 
Time for those advocating hard Brexit to take responsibility for their decisions instead of blaming others.  
My concluding remarks in today's Westminster Hall debate on #EFTA. I believe Britain’s negotiating position and its economic position post-Brexit will be improved by joining EFTA.  
“Britain's retail sector could be hit by a 20% rise in costs after Brexit - while car makers could see a 13% rise in manufacturing costs outside the EU - according to the Government's own internal estimates”: @SkyNews 
Because Brexit is racism, and there's no two ways about it.If you're willing to decimate your economy for no other reason than you hate sharing space with foreigners. 
"...will be a once-in-a-generation choice. An in or out referendum. When the British people speak their voice will be respected not ignored. If we vote to leave then we will leave there'll not be another renegotiation and another referendum."Everyone needs to watch & RT this!  
Somebody mention Brexit? @ScotTories 
Big bad Brexit figures  
[decades of economic stagnation & depression pass with not even a shrug] Oh god, Brexit is such a tragedy... a 16% decline in the northeast's economy... so sad for the [checks notes] Mackers and Georgists... let's be sensible and bring back the grownup politicians... #FBPE #WATON 
This is devastating on #Brexit: "One region which voted overwhelmingly to leave the EU would suffer a 16% hit to economic growth in event of no deal". We cannot stand by & let this happen. Sign up for the #GreatNorthernMarch here:  
Brexit to hit North East and West Midlands the worst, in new government figures. Jacob Rees Mogg doesn't care. The people need the #FinalSay! 
Impact on UK regions revealed in Brexit leak - NE England will suffer 16% hit to GDP if 'no-deal' according to Govt's own analysis. They'd push people into poverty just to stay in power - utterly disgusting & they should be charged with negligence .    
Sky News understands the Government estimates so-called "non-tariff barriers" which could come into effect after Brexit may lead to increases of up to 20% in costs across some sectors 
Britain's retail sector could be hit by a 20% rise in costs after Brexit, while car makers could see a 13% rise in manufacturing costs. Details here:  
Unsure which take on projections about the NE suffering economically from Brexit I hate most: 1) people going "ha ha u voted Brexit lol" or 2) people who haven't given the place a single thought ever pretending that they give a shit & are terribly, terribly worried for the NE. 
Poll: Do you believe the Brexit impact forecasts? 
Attn: @johnmcdonnellMP, @Keir_Starmer, @angelaeagle why are you sitting back & allowing this Tory Brexit to progress effectively unopposed? Time to stand up for the #NHS & working people!!!! 
New Brexit leak reveals steep costs for UK industries  
Last year @DavidMundellDCT said   Not we know the UK HAS done #Brexit impact for Scotland. Did he mislead committee? 
If you don’t want a summary of Brexit Britain’s ongoing slide into darkness, don’t read this thread.If you want a neat summary of the trouble we are in, read on... 
"The UK is leaving the EU. Scotland is readying itself for a second referendum on independence. The peaceful reunification of Ireland is on the agenda. The UK is changing radically, and Wales must not be left behind."Read "Independence in your pocket" >>  
The Governments own projections show that Brexit will be a damage the UK economy. It is time we stopped the madness and reversed Brexit. #StopBrexit 
Seems to me that he more the Brexit saga goes on the more it is apparent that it is all about UK not being absorbed into a federal country called Europe. Brexit is all about regaining liberty, freedom and democracy. Money is replaceable liberty, freedom and democracy are not. 
NEW - Sky News passed all sectoral figures in Brexit impact assessment prepared by Govt officials for CabinetInternal estimates “non-tariff barriers” costs by sector - ranging as high as 13% for cars, 20% retail... measure of non-frictionless trade with Europe...more at 9pm  
Some of the 'BBC News - Brexit' tweets beggar belief. There are people so dumb that they will blame the BBC for reporting - yes - the government's own economic forecasts. And it's not even that they went looking for them; other news organisations did that job for them. 
Mundell publicly lied about existence of both UK and Scottish Brexit impact papers and also status of withdrawal bill talks. Lied to Scottish Parliament committee. Failed to exchange information in relation to the interests of the devolved administration... Toast surely 
This is an excellent article on how the Northern Ireland border issue can be handled after Brexit. Read and learn.   
BREAKING: Theresa May convenes Brexit 'war cabinet' to resolve differences between arse and elbow. More soon ... 
A must read for Brexit supporters. Whether May adopts Nigel's sage advice will determine not just her own future but the future of our great country.  
Er, no, the UK couldn’t. There’s a need for a primer in the basics of world trade rules needed for a few people in the House of Commons. Go, if you’re going, and with all good wishes - but please do so competently #brexit  
I may be naive, but perhaps in her refusal to guarantee the exclusion of the NHS from any post-Brexit trade deal with the US, Theresa May could just have handed Jeremy Corbyn a trump card.  I live in hope. 
So now it's official - Brexit will cost £80-120 bn. As a reminder, we spend £125bn on NHS. Time to #killbrexit, not the NHS 
Business chiefs warn Theresa May their 'patience is wearing thin' over Brexit 
Some Airbus wing components cross the English Channel nine times before being mounted on planes. Brexit may complicate that further  
You cannot go about stripping the rights of half a nation against their will, not in a modern democracy.The referendum was consultative, the outcome was to have informed, not instructed Parliament. 
Now we know why the Tories were so keen to hide their regional Brexit impact studies“The assessments spell disaster, especially for the North East, North West, West Midlands, and Northern Ireland”  
 To all followers: There is a Pro #Brexit demo in #Leeds on 24th March at 1 pm (Millennium square) It is to peacefully protest an Anti #Brexit marchAd is on gumtree as well.@h_oates 
Every Briton born before Brexit could get EU citizenship  Yes, please! 
So today..."regardless of what kind of #brexit the UK Government is looking at, every single part of the UK will be worse off, under all scenarios." - Thomas Cole, Open Britain.  
Italy didn't show #Eurovision in 1974, worried a song repeating "si si si" would subliminally affect a referendum on divorce. #EurovisionYouDecide 
Turkey isn't in EU, Move to Poland pushed BY suspected Brexit issues that leaving the supply lines in customs chaos.Those who thought Brexit meant the rest of the world would beat to the British drum were fooling themselves.It's self pity argument.  
As member of @CommonsEUexit I’ve seen these reports in full (spent a few hours reading them yesterday) and is deeply troubling.All confirms importance of a common sense EEA EFTA Brexit. Must avoid catastrophic WTO Brexit or the chocolate tea pot that is a CETA based deal.  
Police chief says 'hard Brexit' Irish border would be paramilitary target  
Today the question which had Theresa May most under pressure and showed up the risk of courting a deal with Trump in brexit trade desperation was by @vincecableShe did not & could not rule out selling off our NHS. Even many brexiters will see this as a step too far. #pmqs #wato 
Seriously, who's in favour of brexit after discovering what the next 15 year will look like under brexit ?#SaveBritainStopBrexit@spaceangel1964 @dontbrexitfixit @BrexitBin @LoubinWally @fish_in_a_hat @AlisonKMurray 
These are the government's own figures. Nothing to do with Remainers. You're entitled to support Brexit no matter what - respect that - but we're equally entitled to oppose it. I think we're winning. 
How does a disastrous Tory Brexit differ in any meaningful way from a disastrous Labour Brexit? 
Look at the BBC.Trying to generate some more anti-Brexit hysteria from the 'leaked report' that has already been proven to be bollox.You pay for them to mislead you.  
To the @UKLabour Brexit Test "Does it deliver for all regions and nations of the UK?" : The answer is unequivocally NO - we will be poorer if we leave than if we stay in the EU. Labour must act now, in the interests of the Many, and campaign to stop Brexit.  
The case for giving us immigrants the right to vote"...This includes EU citizens who had no voice in the UK’s referendum on EU membership – a vote which had huge ramifications for their futures... "#suffragettes100 
“She needs a Love Actually moment!” @Nigel_Farage demands Theresa May stands up for Britain during this incredible Brexit speech that left LBC listeners with goosebumps  
Jeremy Corbyn backs Brexit. Scotland doesn’t. Why would we vote Labour? 
But these stats are from a Govt that wants to deliver #Brexit & its own analysis shows, whichever way u cut it - it’s an economic disaster.  
#MoggI have not heard a better solution than this for Ireland's border:-What would Jacob Rees-Mogg do or not do ? (25/01/2018 @ Churchers College)   #mogg #MoggMentum #mogg4pm #Brexit @Jacob_Rees_Mogg @MoggMentum RT & Share 
Govt report forecasts hard Brexit will take £80bn off public finances. For context, if you're not bothered: the entire NHS budget in England is about £110bn.Idiots. 
Time our Media turned thumbscrews on Tories on this. Mundell, Davidson, Fraser, Lockhart, Lamont, et al. How can they be allowed a free ride on Brexit impacts when this shows UK Gov knows just how damaging their inept choices on #Brexit will be!  
I wonder if some Brexiters will, having seen #CheddarMan, begin to realise that Jesus Christ was probably not a posh English chap from the home counties #Brexit....it could break them. 
The Government's own Brexit analysis shows that the best way to protect jobs and growth in Britain is to remain in the single market. There’s still time to abandon this damaging hard-Brexit approach & make staying in the single market and customs union their top priority.  
The Jarrow Marchers marched against poverty in the North East, starting from 3 miles from where I was born. Brexit means poverty for thousands and thousands of North Easterners. 
So ...@GovUk now knows what is likely to happen.  It has seen the same figures so surely it must draw the same conclusion as @ScotGov re absolute necessity of Single Market & Customs Union...Brexit 'could hit Scottish growth by 9%' - BBC News  
Seriously, anyone in the North East still backing Brexit is, whether they intend to or not, backing their friends family and neighbours losing their jobs. 
Shock, Horror, the BBC has nothing positive to say about Brexit.....the onslaught continues....... "BBC News - Brexit" 
May refuses to exclude NHS from US trade deal talks.PM raises fears of US firms taking over NHS services for a Brexit trade deal with Trump.Nobody voted for this. We need to #StopBrexit. #FBPE 
After decades of being at best ignored and at worst despised by UK Governments, my native North East will get the coup de grace of Brexit.16% worse off with no deal, 11% even with a comprehensive trade deal (the most likely outcome). Govt's own figures. I feel sick.  
.@M_AndersonSF "In my life time our rights have been denied by Unionism and the British Gov. 50 years ago the Civil Rights Association in the north was campaigning for the right to vote.The BREXIT DUP/Tory agenda will result in the fundamental denial of people’s right to vote".  
Given the Brexit regional impact report - is there ANY chance you @jeremycorbyn & @johnmcdonnellMP might OPPOSE this dangerous act of self harm?The forecast looks like it will impact the poorest areas the most. You must mind about that? Surely?! 
Who said Eurovision was political? *cough* Brexit. #EurovisionYouDecide 
The audacity of this tweet. What is Labour’s approach to Brexit?  
Tories: We've done loads of analysis cos we're super prepared UK: show usTories: we didn't actually do any cos experts are stupidBuzzfeed: they did studiesTories: yes but, we didn't do a study on the deal we actually want and the ones we did are all wrong"BBC News - Brexit"  
The leaked Brexit document confirms that we can’t trust the Tories to secure a good deal for Scotland and the rest of the UK. The sooner we have a snap election and elect a @UKlabour Govt and @JeremyCorbyn as PM the better for all involved. 
Referendum: Study finds those with more info are more likely to vote yes  
Fury as Theresa May REFUSES to guarantee she'll protect the NHS from US business in Brexit trade deal - Mirror Online -  #c4news #bbcdp #newsnight #NHSCrisis #NHS 
Judging by the UK government’s own Brexit analysis, which shows that Scotland’s GDP could be hit by 9% (in line with @ScotGov’s Brexit analysis suggesting 8.5%), it’s @RuthDavidsonMSP, Adam Tomkins and @ScotTories that cannot be trusted with Scotland’s economy. 
Excellent parody on Brexit mansplaining of German politics. (I know.)  
According to Tory Government Holyrood's analysis of the effect of brexit on Scotland was scaremongering. Now they publish a report where the effect of Brexit on Scottish jobs and prosperity is even worse. Looks like 62% of scots who voted to stay in Eu got it right  
Our most serious concerns are becoming increasingly apparent for Scotland & every other part of UK.  There is nothing Better Together about this @theSNPBrexit: Official forecasts suggest economies throughout UK will be hit #BrexitShambles #Brexit  
Thank you UK for your mad and destructive Brexit. We didn’t vote for this but it will still hammer us.  
EU plans to cut UK’s market access if Brexit transition terms broken  via @financialtimes This from the body that has allowed France and Germany repeatedly to violate with impunity EU rules on levels of deficit and debt. The hypocrisy makes you heave. 
In any other circumstances, party leaders would do everything they could to avoid serious damage to the economy. Why are they silent now?BBC News - Brexit: Official forecasts suggest economies throughout UK will be hit  
If only Spain (especially the PP) would have accepted the Statute of Autonomy of #Catalonia in the form in which it was approved by both parliaments (Spanish and Catalan) in 2005 and by Catalans in a referendum in 2006...  
I wonder how many other arch Brexiters stand to profit from hard Brexit? I also wonder why hardly any journalists are bothering to find out. 
#SNP says leaked analysis showing a no-deal Brexit could hit Scotland's GDP by 9% shows the "catastrophic consequences" of UK govt plans. They point out that the figures in leaked doc are broadly in line with 8.5% slump predicted by Scot government for no-deal 
Britain’s economy will accelerate this year as the strong global economy combines with renewed confidence in the Brexit negotiations, once more defying fears of a slowdown  
Dave Brown asks “Is there light at the end of the #Brexit tunnel..?” - Political Cartoon Gallery in Putney  
“Why didn’t you change our nappies when we were little, father?”“Shut the fuck up and say ‘Brexit’ you little fucking prop”  
“These figures are further evidence of why the Tories must rethink their reckless approach to the Brexit negotiations.“Theresa May should stop listening to the extreme Brexiteers sat around the Cabinet table and start putting the country’s interests first,” @PaulBlomfieldMP 
Will be worthwhile if MPs convert the percentages into £s, so people understand hundreds of millions that could have gone to NHS, schools, Police, will be lost down the drain that is Brexit  
Our politicians want the government to be effectively free to break a deal it has agreed to and signed. No better than a bunch of dodgy builders! Should we trust such people with our futures!#StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE #waton 
UK economic hit over a decade:2008 credit crunch: -2.6%1928 Wall Street Crash -4.9%Brexit BEST CASE: -11% 
No @scotgov voice in trade deals! Fear is US Healthcare companies could challenge Scottish border as non-tariff barrier to try and force their way in. Cameron refused to rule NHS out of #TTIP & @theresa_may doing same with Tory-Trump Trade Deal! Cos = Tory #NHSEndGame #Brexit  
Tell you what- @Anna_Soubry is showing real bottle over the craziness of Brexit. I wish more of my own side would do the same. 
Is there light at the end of the #Brexit tunnel..? My cartoon for tomorrow's @Independent. #TheresaMay 
.@jeremycorbyn This is, in a nutshell, why I will continue to call out your Brexit position. Your claim to deliver a future for the many could not be more hypocritical. As long as @UKLabour supports Brexit, none of your policies mean anything. They will be trumped  by this   
It’s time to recognise democratic vote of people in North to remain in EU & avoid British Govt/DUP inflicted economic disaster of Brexit. People here will suffer the consequences of the leave vote. There is a way out of this. Special Status within the EU. 
Where are our brave Scots tories on this?  BBC News - Brexit 'could cut Scottish GDP by 9%'  
Downing Street has ruled out allowing private US healthcare firms to bid to provide NHS services as part of a Brexit trade deal  
.@DExEUgov min Lord Callanan tells Lords that Brexit opportunities include ‘eliminating some of the..tariffs on agricultural products’. Has #ToryBrexitgovt told British farmers its policies could mean they’re wiped out by competition from cheap imports?  
We Brits are not self-destructive.  This leaked impact analysis shows that the very people who voted Leave would be worst affected by any type of Brexit. I trust we are all Remainers now. Whatever peaceful measures it takes to stop this madness, stop it we must. #LE2018VoteRemain 
The Brexit referendum is reality. 72% turnout of voters. 17.4 million voted to leave EU. They voted to leave despite all the lies from project fear at the time. Just imagine what the leave vote could have been without project fear lies. 
So at its best #Brexit will cut growth, jobs and prosperity for everyone in #Broxtowe. This is madness & it doesn’t have to be like this. 
You didn't vote for this.Nobody offered this, so you can't possibly have voted for it.So no, this ISN'T democracy; you're wrong. You're being forced to accept something you didn't vote for and never would.Stop defending Brexit: start defending your fucking jobs. pic.twitter.com/M2gbNz7j48 
- Not one area of the whole UK will be better off after Brexit- We’ll be much worse off if we leave the single market*government continues with Brexit, more determined than ever to leave the single market*  
Make up your mind Denis! You can have the Brexit you support or you can have the NHS but you can't have both...even best scenario for Brexit will cost us billions & NHS budget will be the obvious one to cut. Get real...there is no £350m! #SaveNHS #FBPE 
So this is real cost of #Brexit No wonder Govt tried to keep these figures secret  
A story in four acts #brexit  
Leaked UK government analysis on Brexit says leaving the EU without a trade deal in place would cut Scottish GDP by 9%  
Helping stop Brexit would be a good start. The Tories want to see the NHS gone one way or the other. But Brexit gives them an unprecedented tool to achieve that goal. Plus there’s also the impact Brexit will have on the staff base and funding.  
Brexit: Official forecasts suggest every part of UK will be worse off  
Too right. I remember the depressingly awful, sickening feeling I got watching those Brexit-voting fools in Sunderland dancing around and cheering when their “Leave” vote was announced, wondering if any one of them realised that ours would be the region hit worst. #Tyne&Wear 
Jacob Rees-Mogg posts video of toddler son saying 'Brexit'  
Good people of east Antrim loosing their jobs by the hundreds need not worry Sammy Wilson and Ian paisley jr are in Westminster shouting no surrender to Europe not a mention about how these poor people will survive Brexit and put on the dole  
I repeat: this is a Tory party disaster- started to fix problems in the Tory party. Labour had nothing to do with it. They didn’t propose or run the referendum. 
BREAKING: The Tories said the SNP were scaremongering ... but their own Brexit report was even WORSE than the Scottish Government's prediction  
Just imagine watching this lamentable performance from the Tory government minister @GregHands and still having any faith at all that the Tories are capable of delivering Brexit.  
Theresa May has refused to rule out opening up NHS contracts to US firms as part of a trade deal. Thanks to Brexit for making all of this possible... #SaveOurNHS #NoToPrivatisation 
In 2018, Britain is forecast to be the SLOWEST GROWING economy in the EU.As Brexit becomes clearer, people can take a different view. Brexit is reversible if people change their minds.  
The Government's own research is now showing that Brexit will be an economic disaster for every part of the UK. People should have the right to reject a bad deal. We need to #ExitFromBrexit before it is too late. 
Well looks like apart from the Gov’s ‘magic unicorn scenario’ that Northern Ireland will fare worst under all forms of Brexit.Well DUP...over to you.. 
As a normal Remainer who just wants to get on with his/her life, you could tear your hair out at the madness that is Brexit.No plans. No advice.No information.And a political spectrum with Corbyn at one end, Rees-Mogg at the other, and NOTHING in the middle!#FBPE 
Ian Paisley MP - "It’s about time the Government demonstrated a no surrender attitude to the EU bureaucrats who try to blackmail us, bully us over air flights, passenger and everything else." #Brexit  
So the Westminster #brexit damage impact study for Scotland is worse by 0.5% than the Scottish Governments study that scots tories called scaremongering. I wonder what @RuthDavidsonMSP has to say about that? 
So, UK Gov's regional Brexit analysis is even worse for Scotland that ScotGov's was.Do @ScotTories still think the latter report is "scaremongering"?Did they know about the UK Gov report when they said that? 
Bill Etheridge MEP - "No to taxation without representation, no to further treatments of the UK as a vassal state to the EU. The time is coming." #Brexit  
There's nothing really left to say... 
Sir Bill Cash - Britain must walk away from Brexit talks if EU threats continue  via @ 
After what Trump said this week listen to Theresa May point blank refusing to rule out NHS in US/UK trade deal after Brexit.. Unfucknbelievable do not Trust the Tories do not Trust Theresa May with the NHS WATCH THIS pic.twitter.com/ZSUGuYzMMt 
Broadly speaking, the more a region voted for #Brexit, the harder it will be hit. Seldom have so many been so beguiled by so few.  
Thanks to our embarrassing MP's creating a transition period for Brexit results in 40 new laws enforced upon us without any say so, well thanks you load of hapless MP's 
Most striking about government economists' analysis of regional impact of Brexit is strong inverse correlation it confirms between regional economic dependence on EU membership and regional popular support for EU. Remain London will be strong outside EU, Leave North East weak 
Now that bits of the Brexit impact analysis are leaking to other news organisations, I can't wait for Brexit minister @SteveBakerHW to tell us what @BuzzFeedNews misreported last week 
Ok if you voted BREXIT take a look where you live and ask yourself if this is what you voted for? All those minus signs mean job losses, poverty, poor housing, dearer food 
Devastating figures. Leave the EU (on any terms) and lose income, jobs and livelihoods on a historic scale. Brexit will damage us all, but devastate the North East & North West. We must have the courage to change Labour policy and stop this. CC @labournortheast @LabourNorthWest 
Leaked #Brexit analysis confirms the need for the Tories to change tack and get a deal that protects jobs. Here's how they can do that.  
Big up #CheddarMan the first known Briton was black so all u anti immigration white nationalists when u lot leavin?  #Brexit 
Martin, dear boy, I voted to remain. My side lost the referendum. Now it’s the negotiation, all the negotiation and nothing but the negotiation. Statistical projections, even from HMG, are no better than Mystic Meg. 
The wheels are finally coming off brexit.In spite to the BBC's best efforts to keep it secret from the general public.The Tories secret party within a party known as ERG, will be getting very desperate now to put their man rees-mogg in the driving seat.  
There is no such thing as a Hard or Soft #Brexit - we voted to leave the EU. We voted to take back control of our Borders, Laws, Waters, Trade and Money. Freedom of movement must end on March 29th 2019.RT if you agree.#Brexit #Conservatives #bbcqt #bbcdp #PMQs#MoggMentum 
Another leak - and it’s even worse! The cost of #brexit continues to rise. The more we find out about #BrexitReality, the more it turns out to be #brexitshambles ! 
So the Uk region that voted strongest for #leaveEU is to be worst hit economically by #brexit. Whilst Remainer London  will be least hit."Quelle surprise" as Michel Barnier might say. 
Credit where due @afneil. Fierce interviews today expose what an incoherent policy shambles both Labour & Gov are in over #Brexit. Well worth watching. Try not to despair!  
One of the true (and predictable) Brexit ironies: London, which wanted it least, suffers the least. The North East, which wanted it most, suffers the most.  
Devastating impact on incomes, jobs and ultimately for the revenues we need for NHS & public services - hitting Midlands, north and Northern Ireland especially hard. The public have a right to know, and a right to reverse this if they wish. Nothing need be inevitable. #Brexit  
Under every Brexit scenario, all parts of the UK will be left worse off, says Gov's own Brexit impact assessment.As the Brexit process continues, facts are starting to come to light which no-one could have known at the time of the referendum.  
It ranges from a mild recession in London under a staying in the Single Market scenario to a serious natural disaster/civil war level of hurt in the North East under a no deal scenario. Whichever way you cut it, Brexit hurts the country. Badly.  
What a way for people across the country to learn about how Brexit will damage our communities, businesses and livelihoods. From leaked Government analysis, which ministers desperately tried to withhold from Parliament and the public.  
Oh look, the place where are all the decision makers live actually benefits from a No Deal #brexit. Meanwhile the regions, including mine are absolutely fucked.  
Newly released regional breakdown of the government’s Brexit impact assessment.Numbers indicate lost growth compared to EU membership over next 15 years.Single market by far the best option for the economy in every area  
Everyone is agreed that Brexit is the single most challenging issue of our time and that it demands a robust opposition. It's 7th February.  So far in 2018 there has not been a single tweet from Corbyn that even mentions Brexit.  
The full table from the government’s Brexit economic forecast showing projected lost growth with the North East predicted to be the worst hit part of the UK. Outside the single market the region will be hit twice as hard as UK as a whole and around five times as hard as London.  
More 15-year forecasts of Brexit doom from the same people who got their predictions for post-EU referendum catastrophe woefully wrong. This second leak confirms civil servants are abusing their position by peddling anti-Brexit propaganda. 
Government Brexit Impact Assessment figures for NI EconomySingle Market -2.5% Free Trade -8.0% No Deal -12.0% 
Just because more people voted for something in an advisory referendum sold on lies and DECADES of fake anti-EU propaganda by 5 tax evading media billionaires doesn’t mean it’s the “right” thing to do.Since when were we all made international trade & law experts anyway? @FT 
Further to our news full Regional breakdown of the GDP hit over a decade and a half from three Brexit impact assessment scenarios. 1 EEA2. Free trade Area3. WTONot great even for least hit nations/ regions: London, SW, Yorkshire, SE  
The impact Brexit will have on your region.London least impacted.Impact on the North-East is the worst.It is cynicism of the worst kind to pretend this is what people voted for.These figures are *far, far* worse than 2008.  
What the Hell does the government think is going to happen when the North-East starts to face up to its 16% economic hit (best case 11%) from brexit? Makes austerity look like a nice day out. THIS is the kind of thing that causes civil wars.  
There is no good economic news in brexit.  Any outcome will make you, your family and your community poorer.  Scotland stands to lose from 2.5% to 9% GDP.  
UK gov figures show Scottish economy 9% down under no deal Brexit, 6% down in free trade deal and 2.5% down with single market access. Same or worse than Scot gov forecasts  
11-16% hit to NE England from #Brexit This is government information. Is this really what people voted for?  
These are worse figures than 2016.What you Brexit voting BBC lot called "Project Fear" was small compared to this.You may say sorry now.  
The Tory gvt. is playing down the impact of #Brexit on the Aviation Industry.  Ryanair, EasyJet and their passengers rely on easy access to other European countries and the future of that is in doubt. The gvt. is leaving the airlines in the dark over #Brexit and need clarity. 
David Mundell (October 2017): Scotland Brexit impact study exists.David Mundell (November 2017): No Scotland Brexit impact study exists.BBC (February 2018): Scotland Brexit impact study exists and we've seen it.¯\_(ツ)_/¯  
Every Brexit impact assessment has Britain worse off irrespective of the type of deal that is secured. If you're concerned about spending on public services now, wait till after Brexit.... 
PRESS STATEMENT: Our @britishineurope Chair Jane Golding urges CJEU to rule 'quickly' EU citizenship rights case of Brits in the #Netherlands:   #Brexit #citizensrights #CJEU 
// @weegingerdug: Ruth Davidson once promised Scotland’s voters that she’d stand up to the Hard Brexit lobby. Let's not let her forget it.  
Jacob Rees-Mogg's billion pound investment firm in line for a payday when we exit the single market -  I wonder how the average Brit will fare though?  #Brexit 
Hearing leaked UK government analysis paper on Brexit impacts has figures for Scotland. V similar to @scotgov's.Single market - GDP 2.5% lower than projectedFree trade deal - 6%No deal - 9% 
The case - if determined by the CJEU in our favour - could lead not only to the retention of EU citizenship for UK residents living in the EU. It could lead to all born before Brexit - even if living here in the UK - retaining the boon of EU citizenship. 
HAHAHAHAHAHSHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHA all those xenophobic Brexit conservatives came from a nigger HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAA. This is racial karma. pic.twitter.com/sQKFng6yQi 
An 11% hit to the North East WITH A DEAL after Brexit.A 16% hit without a deal.A 12% hit to Northern Ireland without a deal.Brexit is catastrophic.. 
BREAKING: The Government's own analysis of the economic hit to GDP from a 'no deal' Brexit would be 16% to North East England and 12% to Northern Ireland - and still Tory Brextremists agitate for this!  Devastating stuff  
.@theresa_mayLife long xenophobeHer personal motivation for extreme BrexitHer husband stands to make personal gain from avoiding EU tax avoidance directive in 2019 as do the other hard  Brexit backersPriority:SelfPartyFuck the nationMPs duty:1 nation2 constituentsParty pic.twitter.com/IuDuUElbhB 
Theresa May's pointed refusal to rule out offering Trump's mates chunks of our NHS as the price of a post-Brexit trade deal was pretty alarming when I wrote this a year ago. After her performance at #PMQs today it's absolutely terrifying. 
It reinforces my vote to LEAVE. The EU is a complete and utter DICTATORSHIP and Britain cannot be a part of it going forward! @LBC #Brexit 
Whoops, the Brexit bill just leapt by £30 billion as we have to write of our EU assets too.  
Jacob Rees-Mogg fans go wild after he posts video of one-year-old son Alfred learning to say 'Brexit'  
You really think the EU negotiators don't know the impact of Brexit on the UK? Sorry but that's just naive. They know more than we do. They negotiated the trade deals we're a part of, remember.  And we're still in the EU.  You think they're as ill-prepared as we are? Jeez.. 
One of the most divisive Brexit issues is going to be decided by an EU court  
How soft Brexit died and what happens now... my latest @theipaper column. 
So now people are trying to claim FBPE supporters are a dark money troll farm.News to me. Who do I talk to about claiming backdated dark money payments? I had it that we were all average Europeans linked by common beliefs and in the British segment anti Brexit. 
Why do you think the public should be denied information on the likely consequences of Brexit? I thought the whole point of Brexit was to take back control and restore democracy. Keeping people in the dark is totally inconsistent with that. 
So, what’s everyone doing to prepare for the now inevitable chaos of no deal Brexit and the cementing of despotic ultra-conservative ruling elite into a warped group dictatorship? 
Over 1,000 jobs in the City of London gone as a result of #Brexit.  This Government is leading us on a catastrophic economic path.  The people must be able to have a say on the final deal #FBPE #ExitFromBrexit 
It looks like @MartinSchulz is to become #Germany's Foreign Sec. If that comes with influence over the country's #Brexit position, prepare for a '#NoDeal' as the man will want to punish the #UK and create a deal that's just not acceptable. 
This is the post-Brexit reality folks and don't think just because health is devolved it won't affect our NHS because it will. It's just as @Dr_PhilippaW predicted #YouYesYet?May refuses to rule out selling NHS 
The regional figures from the government's Brexit analysis obtained by @AlbertoNardelli () are starting to leak out. As per Alberto's original report, the predicted 12% economic growth hit in Northern Ireland assumes no hard border with the Republic. 
A “war cabinet” to draw up an “end state” on #Brexit? What?This is a negotiation among 28 democracies, within an EU that is a peace project.#Brexit 
European Court of Justice asked to rule on whether UK nationals can keep their EU citizenship after Brexit  
So it would seem that the EU is doing more for British citizens than the current UK government... Not a surprise. Our own government has been corroded by the corrupt ideology of brexit. 
Hit to Northern Ireland and North East England GDP revealed in new Brexit impact papers leak  
'Do you have any idea what you're talking about?' Tory Trade Minister battered over Brexit in car-crash interview 
Fury as Theresa May REFUSES to guarantee she'll protect the NHS from US business in Brexit trade deal #ToriesOut #FundOurNHS #ToryCutsKill #NHSCrisis 
NEW:Leaked internal Government Brexit assessment shows No Deal economic hit to Northern Ireland at 12% over next decade and a half.North East England at 16%. 11% even with comprehensive EU trade deal - Sky sources 
British group wins right to take Brexit case to European court  
MEPs have approved a proposal for the new composition of the Parliament for the first post-Brexit European elections in 2019. The idea of pan-European lists was rejected. Find out more at  
FIRST STORY ON KEY DUTCH RULING: British nationals bid to retain EU Citizenship post Brexit to be referred to the European Court of Justice.  
With @MichelBarnier, met Mario Draghi, Vítor Constâncio and @ecb Gov Council to exchange views on the state of play of #Brexit negotiations with the #UK. Essential that market participants prepare for all scenarios. European and national authorities must pursue this objective. 
Jacob Rees-Mogg teaching his son to say Brexit.  
Dutch judge on EU citizenship & referendum outcome: "No referendum in a democracy should prejudice a minority"We hope this will be heard by lawmakers in the UK & the EU when negotiating the #citizensrights of 3m EU citizens in the UK and 1.2m @BritishInEurope 
Fresh Brexit row as Jacob Rees-Mogg warns EU's 'punishment plan' is unacceptable  
 WATCH: The UK Government are refusing to answer questions about what concessions will be made over the border between Ireland and Northern Ireland. If NI is allowed single market and customs union access, so should Scotland. RT if you agree. #Brexit  
I voted remain. My city, Edinburgh voted 75% to remain. Scotland voted 62% to Remain. Tories &their partners, the DUP are now shrieking language of the Troubles to push their hard Brexit agenda. I think the lure of #scotref is growing ever more irresistible.   
US trade. Time for chlorinated chicken washed down with the sale of the NHS to US Healthcare companies. You were warned what a Tory Hard Brexit would entail. It's coming soon to a hospital near you. 
V IMPORTANT STORY BREAKING: Judge in Amsterdam refers case of British nationals wanting to retain EU citizenhip to ECJ. Judge Bakals says no referendum in a democracy should prejudice a minority. 1/2 
Theresa May just refused to say she'll protect the NHS in a Brexit trade deal!        
Let us honour the memory of Margaret Thatcher by recovering our national self-confidence and national pride, and securing a Brexit she would have been proud of, writes former Chancellor Lord Lawson  
BREAKING: Judge in Netherlands has ruled British nationals seeking to retain EU citizenship post Brexit can be referred to the European Court of Justice 
Speaking after DUP MP Ian Paisley called for “no surrender” to the EU in  the House of Commons today, SDLP Brexit Spokesperson @ClaireHanna said the “unionist mantra” belonged in the past.Read more here:  
Petition: Parliament's vote on the Brexit deal must include an option to remain in the EU. These numbers really need to go up! Please sign and rt. thanks!#brexit #remain #fbpe #SecondReferendum #libdems #vincecable #finalsay 
I am appalled at the PMs response to Vince Cables question in PMQs. The PM sidestepped his question and failed to rule out the NHS being part of trade deals with the US! Hands off our NHS! Stop Brexit before it’s too late! 
DAD, LOYALIST, LONG SUFFERING @hydeunited & @RangersFC FAN  STUDIED AT THE UNIVERSITY OF LIFE. BREXIT MEANS BREXIT. NO SURRENDER!!!!!!  #JRM4PM 
'Theresa May has refused to rule out offering up the NHS to American companies as part of a post-Brexit trade deal with the US.'As John Major said before the referendum: "The NHS would be as safe as a pet hamster in the presence of a hungry python." 
N Ireland police chief says 'hard Brexit' border posts would be paramilitary target  
Post Brexit trade plans leaked  
52% of Britons who went to polls voted for Brexit.That’s what happened.You get what you vote for, reverse the decision if you’re against but don’t whine.  
You were warned, folks! We made it very clear only @UKLabour would protect & save the NHS! If you voted for #Brexit and the the @CONservatives, yes, you voted for this:‘@theresa_may refuses to exclude NHS contracts from US trade deals’#PMQs 
Row as PM refuses to rule out NHS inclusion in post-Brexit US trade deal  
MEP Nathan Gill:“There is no hard. There is no hard right. There are no factions.There is either - Theresa May is going to deliver a Brexit or she isn’t.And if we stay in the Customs Union, she knows that means she is not delivering Brexit”#Brexit #EU 
The secrecy around #Brexit, the public denigration of evidence, and the intimidation of opponents are all familiar from authoritarian regimes, says @MollyMEP.  
Sahin on Brexit: “I spoke with Jürgen about it. On the night of the referendum we were having dinner at his house in Dortmund. We spoke about how it will influence football, and transfers, and what it’ll do to the pound and the euro." 
'Repulsive' Farage compares Brexit transition period to Vichy France  
Brexit spells DISASTER for German city after losing access to UK waters, trade and funding  
I bet the Brexit folk lost they shit today.  
Please share and sign this and help us get to 100K sigs. Petition: End the export of live farm animals after Brexit.  
Dutch judge agrees to ask 'preliminary questions' of ECJ on what consequences of Brexit will be for EU citizenship & accompanying rights - early stages, claimants are 'delighted' #Brexit 
Round 2 of the Brexit negotiations: At least we've got our best man on the job.  
II didn't know your other job was crystal ball gazing. Project Fear has been repudiated now even by David Cameron who was one of its architects who admtis Brexit isn't as bad as he feared. All the best to you Mystic meg,  
.@peterkellner1: ‘If you [Corbyn] insist on Labour siding with the government on Brexit, you risk losing more than 2 million votes to the @LibDems, people who would back the one substantial UK-wide pro-EU party.’ Well. 
The number of MEPs should be cut from 751 to 705 in the first post-Brexit European elections in Find out more   
This needs tweeting far and wide so that it's going to be payback time for Mogg and friends when Brexit collapses around their ears :) @kmqkatie @Kean1S @lunaperla @Bonn1eGreer @MatthewGreen02 @grrrahh @nickreeves9876 @remain_central @EK_EuropeanMove @Bournemouth4EU @SheronWilkie 
"The biggest reason given for voting for #Brexit was a desire to #takebackcontrol – and I’d say people wanting to do that are absolutely right. But the problem of lack of control is centred on Westminster, not Brussels." 
The UK is the only country in Europe that locks people up with no limit on how long they can be held - devastating people’s mental health. As we consider our post Brexit immigration system, we have a chance to end this. Sign the petition:  #Time4aTimeLimit 
Grease Smog in line for a big payout if Brexit happens.  
Both Theresa May and her spokesman today refused several requests to rule out selling off the NHS to US corporations after Brexit.  
Our latest briefing makes the case that remaining inside the EU Customs Union would prevent Britain from making the most of the opportunities of #Brexit. Download here:  #ieabrexitunit 
I've been trying to figure out what this means for the longest time. Who is the Brexit Baby? Why is it not a pun on 'life'? Is Emma Bunton's new Spice name Brexit Baby Spice? Is there going to be a Brexit Spice Girls gig? What is a Brexit Spice Girls gig?(image via @cvwsart) 
Nobody voted in the referendum for Britain to go cap in hand to Trump for a trade deal, or for our NHS to be privatised. People have every right to ask whether this is too high a price to pay, and to keep an open mind about Brexit.  
Said the man who aspires to be Quisling in a Trumptocracy. #brexit  
The paranoid lunacy of the Brexit ultras in one handy tweet.The EU isn’t a state, the EU flag isn’t a foreign flag and willing membership of a union of states isn’t “subjugation”.  
Theresa May just refused to say she'll protect the NHS in a Brexit trade deal 
Just finished big article for tomorrow’s Guardian on ‘Grayling and the politics of Brexit extremism’  
It's a truism, but worth repeating. if the cabinet after 18months can't decide what they want Brexit to look like, no one can claim that "everyone knew what they were voting for when they voted Leave"  
Germans when anything notable happens in Britain: "Does this mean Brexit now won't happen?"Brits when anything notable happens in Germany: "Does this mean we'll get a better or worse Brexit deal?" 
Oh. So UK won’t agree a Brexit plan this week  
Pathetic non-committal response to my question at #PMQs stands in stark contrast to guarantees given by EU trade negotiator with US that #NHS would be protected. Brexit Britain in a far weaker negotiating position.   
“a negotiation that has not started”Referendum was in June 2016Article 50 triggered in March 2017It is now February 2018UK is out on its arse in April 2019negotiations within government *on what we even want* HAVE NOT STARTED  
Sadly, extreme rhetoric from ideological Brexiteers worsening as hard reality of Brexit becomes ever clearer. EU showing greater understanding of complexities of NI & need to protect GFA. Short-sighted Tories + DUP MPs presiding over erosion of economy & cohesion of NI society  
Just to clarify this - any Brexit is a threat to the NHS as every form of Brexit impoverishes the UK to a greater or lesser extent. The current Brexit plan of Cloud Cuckoo Land FTA (who knows what it will be in a few days) of no SM/CU is particularly damaging. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
The key strength of @thetimesie - one excellent Brexit story by three top notch reporters, one in Dublin, one in London and one in Brussels.  
Vince Cable - Can the PM give an absolute guarantee that the NHS will be excluded from any trade negotiations with the US if #Brexit happens... has she made it clear to Trump that the NHS is not for sale?As usual no straight answer from May.#StopBrexit #FBPE #bbcdp #PMQs 
When it comes to brexit the EU are demanding a fight to the death but Britain has to have its hands and feet tied as well as being gagged. In the name of God stop wasting time and money and let's start building this country so as to be free of the putrid communist EU. 
Advice to any Pro EU anti brexit group.Film everythingDon't rise to anyone trying to get a bad reaction out of you  
Today in #PMQs the Prime Minister refused to guarantee protection for the #NHS in a US trade deal. Make no mistake, an extreme Brexit is a profound threat to our health service - and MPs who love the NHS need to oppose the Tory Brexit plans. 
The Brexit beast has awakened with a vengeance again this week. - Ireland is back in play- and the transition deal, when seen in black and white, stings. Some thoughts after a week talking to all sides /1 
Flying visit to Hong Kong for work. Can report that Brexit looks even more stupid from here. Taxi driver from airport asked me ‘Why you doing Brexit?’ I told him I have no idea. He’s worried. ‘It’s going to be very bad for UK’ he warns. How depressing this all is.   
Vince Cable asks the PM to give an "absolute guarantee" that access to the NHS for American companies is excluded from future trade talks with the US#Brexit #PMQs  
Brexit unicorn explained: EU is over 45% of UK trade. UK is only 6% of EU trade. I think they can take the hit much better than we can. 
Hilary Benn says remaining in a customs union with the EU would help keep an open border in Ireland, and asks why Theresa May is "so opposed to it" #Brexit #PMQs  
If Tories cared so much about safeguarding MPs safety they'd have said something after Jo Cox's murder, after Abbot's death threats and press attacks on Remain politicians. Not because their guys are getting some flak for Brexit 
European Central Bank Says Prepare for Hard Brexit and No ‘Transition Period.  Let’s hope he’s right!           #fo2eu 
In the GE2017, unlike all the other parties, May campaigned on a single issue. She asked for a mandate to deliver #Brexit. May got 42% of the vote and lost her majority.The country was not and is not united in wanting #Brexit. It is not the will of the people.#StopBrexit 
At #PMQs, Theresa May completely failed to rule out opening up NHS to US companies in a US-UK trade agreement. People were told there'd be more funding for NHS, not more US privatization. If that's the reality of #Brexit, everyone can ask if it's the right path for the country. 
#PMQs ...did everyone hear what I just heard from May about the US & #OurNHS . She basically confirmed that she will be putting it on the table in the #Tories #Brexit fire sale. FFS. 
Join our Pro-EU demo outside the Cambridge Union at 6.45pm tomorrow to show Jacob Rees-Mog that we don't just reject his hard #Brexit, we reject ANY Brexit!  @Scientists4EU @mikegalsworthy pls RT. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
At last someone mentions #brexit & #CustomsUnion at #PMQs. Well done @hilarybennmp. Unfortunately usual meaningless generalities from @theresa_may in response #FBPE 
If you’re only going to listen to one Brexit podcasts this week, make it @RemainiacsCast, or the @TheNewEuropean podcast. Actually, that’s two already you should listen to.But if you’re going to listen three, make sure CakeWatch is the third. 
May suggests we won't see Govt plan for Brexit 'future relationship' until the Withdrawal and Implementation bill. Will we get fudge until then? Maybe. 
Bill Cash only MP to bring up Brexit - would she be good enough to stand up to any EU threats? PM ‘we will be robust in our arguments’ ‘we did it in December and we are going to do it again’ 
Tory minister on UK govt Brexit negotiating position: “I’m sorry I haven’t a clue!”  
So. UK government not denying that Northern Ireland would lose 12% GDP in a hard Brexit. Astonishing insouciance about the lives of others from the ultras  
...whilst we're on the topic of immigration... BREXIT!! It must be Brexit.  
Not good news for Britain’s Brexit strategy! Such as it is ...  
Statement of the obvious: whatever the surrounding context, as demonstrated by #PMQs, the fact that the Opposition will not challenge/scrutinise the gov't on the Brexit mess is absurd, & a dereliction of the basics of parl'y democracy. 
After #Brexit the @Europarl_EN will shrink to 705 seats. 27 UK seats to be redistributed among: France +5 Spain +5 The Netherlands +3 Italy +3 Ireland +2Estonia, Croatia, Finland, Slovakia, Romania, Poland, Austria, Denmark and Sweden +1 
Watching #PMQs, you'd never know Britain was facing a decision that will shape the next few decades. Brexit barely mentioned 
Open Britain is a grassroots campaign group, standing against the Gov's hard & destructive Brexit. As the Brexit process continues, facts are starting to come to light which no-one could have known at the time of the referendum. We're stronger when we're together. Pls RT:  
My cartoon Wednesday @TheTimes on #Brexit fudge cake....  
Once again in a week where there has been more talk of replacing May, more talk of Brexit chaos and more talk of Tory splits, Corbyn fails to ask a single question on Brexit #PMQs 
DNA analysis of 'The Cheddar Man', who lived 10,000 years ago, reveals that first modern Britons lived a hunter-gatherer lifestyle, made sharp blades from flint and used antlers to make harpoons for spear fishing.In other words, what the UK will be like 10 years after Brexit. 
Nick Clegg has admitted defeat over his campaign for a soft Brexit, while revealing Brussels' "sneering disregard" for the reasons behind the referendum result  
When most of the rest of the civilised, sophisticated, objective & informed Free World thinks UK is making a really HUGE mistake over Brexit, who's right? 
This very first cat ever in modern Britain. And guess what? He brown-furred Pusslim! In your face, racist Brexit-voting Trump-kissing Islamophobes! #CheddarMan #CheddarCat 
Also add that the EU backed UK on the whole thing. What has the EU ever done for us? Alot more that @Nigel_Farage + Donald Trump and all the other Brexit loonies! 
Brexit talks resume in Brussels. Watch #PMQs live as Theresa May faces Jeremy Corbyn 
Britain’s ruling classes – from the civil service to the judiciary – have given up all pretence of neutrality on Brexit  
#Brexit Quiz part two:1. How many free trade deals with 60+ non-EU countries will UK automatically keep if leave CU/SM?EEA?EFTA?2. How many new free trade deals is UK ready to sign >Mar2019?3. How many countries will UK have FTAs with post hard-BrexitAnswers: 0,0,0 
The pilot episode of CakeWatch, the podcast where @ottocrat and I chew over the #cakeism of Brexit, is now available on iTunes 
Ministers are meeting to decide what they want as an end state for Brexit. In unrelated news, here’s a short drama set in a restaurant.  
Milan airport: British man asks for a "latte" , gets a cup of milk. He asks (all pissed off) where is the coffee?? this is just milk.. lady tries to explain that Latte means Milk in Italian.. he looks even more annoyed. I'm sure he voted for brexit :) 
In a damning report today, @uk_tpo reveals that even if we signed an FTA with every non-EU country, it still wouldn't make up for the loss of our EU relationship.Please RT this so everybody knows the real facts & can keep an open mind on Brexit:  
When in Norway...'The tragedy facing Europe & Britain is that neither British Govt nor EU are interested in a neutrally advantageous agreement.This is a political failure.'“My advice to Theresa May is very simple, stop these negotiations"#Brexit #EU 
New Zealand PM said striking a post Brexit trade deal with UK is a top priority  
Forget about Russian meddling or US companies pushing fake and ‘dark’ news on the internet to influence the Brexit vote. It's been our own #Brexit billionaire press that's been peddling most of the fake news. #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit #WATON 
We have published the draft legal text on transitional arrangements to be included in the #Article50 Withdrawal Agreement →  #Brexit  
This is hundred percent true. Sent out before the referendum and as it describes.....We will be rule takers, not makers....this is now reality. It was written off as project fear - its now project fact.  
The Canada model (CETA) post-Brexit would not be appropriate for the UK as it substantially covers goods when 80% of our economy is services. Government should keep the option of remaining in the European Free Trade Agreement on the table in the negotiations.  
The quantum physics of @theresa_may’s Brexit plans  
SPD has held foreign ministry since 2013 and the Brexit committee is run out of the chancellery. Brexit differences between the two parties are small and, on the fundamental questions, non-existent.  
The country didn't vote for it. 1. 63% didn't vote for Brexit.2. Those that did were groomed to vote for it over many years. Not a single reason for voting for Brexit is supported by the evidence. The Leave campaign was a lie from beginning to end. 
Today the Scottish Government have said that immigration policy should be devolved.Common Weal launched a report last year which also calls for devolution of employment law to create a workers rights approach to immigration post-Brexit. Read it here: 
European Central Bank Says Prepare for Hard Brexit and No ‘Transition Period’   
People who refuse to accept the referendum result should stop using every legal loophole trying to reverse Brexit  
So Mike Russell threatens to publish any Brexit papers shared with him by Westminster, Blackford uses info passed to him in confidence for some Sunday press, Sturgeon divulges details of private convos on live TV. Why does anyone at all still trust the SNP? 
Barnier "no passport for financial services". At 15% of UK GDP, or >£300bn, this is 3 times what we spend on the NHS annually. Sheer scale of Brexit's financial damage and effect on services is completely ignored by @jeremycorbyn and most @Conservatives 
Winner of this week's "Yeah, but what about Brexit" prize....  
The political motives for a "clean" exit from the single market  laid bare following revelations that a prominent Brexiteer is also a major shareholder in an emerging markets investment firm  #Brexit #JacobReesMogg 
The @IrishTimes does not mince its words this morning - and who could disagree ? #Brexit  
EU PLOT to scupper UK fleet and STEAL fish during Brexit 'transition period'  
"The" Customs Union"A" Customs UnionAligning tariffs with Customs UnionIt's just NOT #BrexitThe UK would be significantly worse off - we would be bound by rules of EU Customs Union, be unable to operate International trade policy & have no vote.#EU 
If we stay in the customs union, she knows that means she is not delivering BrexitNathan Gill. MEP urges May to stick to Brexit red lines with BRILLIANT point Remainers will HATE  
Your periodic reminder: #Brexit transition is Today’s legal proposal confirms it: But  triggered Art 50 too early, now needs to buy , so transition is what you get.(There is of course another way… extend #Article50) 
This is the tail wagging Mrs May's dog. 'Vichy Britain.' 'Bully boys of Brussels.' Sooner Brexit is stopped the better.  
"our results suggest that it might have been a mistake for the Remain campaign to focus primarily on the potential economic costs of leaving the EU" - this important #Brexit article is Open Access  #FirstView #FBPE 
Poor journalism. A clear insecurity with your cause: be open to debate and disagreement. Yes the country voted but never expect remainers to blindly follow a hard Brexit. Have some respect for parliamentarians representing all views across the nation. Very poor. 
26/ lying about the content and existence of Brexit impact assessments, not challenging newspapers for calling judges "enemies of the people" would look like major contributing factors to the tone of public debate today. But then I voted remain so my views are irrelevant  
Business doesn't want BrexitThe NHS doesn't want BrexitI, don't want BrexitIt isn't good for meIt isn't good for youIt isn't good for businessIt isn't good for the economyIt isn't good for the NHSIt isn't going to give you back controlWhy the fuck would you want Brexit? 
My one-year-old daughter has tantrums when she doesn’t get what she wants: because she doesn’t always know what she wants, she can’t articulate what she wants, and she doesn’t understand that she can’t always have what she wants. Unlike UK Brexit negotiators, she will grow up. 
Brexit prep work in Whitehall shrouded in secrecy (prob non-existent due to political indecision) but the bills keep rolling in  
1/Bear with me I’m about to go down a Brexit rabbit hole.Brexiters say it would be up to the EU to apply tariffs after Brexit implying we wouldn’t do this.Brexiters also say the EU would risk damaging their exports to the UK if they applied said tariffs. 
Statement of the bleeding obvious news: A parliamentary report has warned Government departments have been "too slow" to get the country ready for Brexit  
Yesterday @theresa_may announced new laws to stop the public 'intimidating' MPs.Today the Daily Mail is calling a Tory MP a 'traitor' for voicing concerns about #Brexit.Dacre is May's friend.The Tories move further toward dangerous far right extremism with each passing day.  
Everybody who voted for Brexit either wanted their own particular version or hadn't properly considered the consequences. Consequently there is no consensus. If you can't agree on the destination or how to get there, Brexit will have to be cancelled. 
The first sign of a dictatorship is when all mainstream media reports in exactly the same way on key issues. That's what we are seeing in Britain now whether it's about #Brexit , #Trump , #Russia or pretty much everything else. Cover-up of domestic corruption is rife too. 
14/ Meanwhile the EU has published a series of Brexit preparedness notices which @DExEUgov would do well to read as a faster way to get to the bottom of what leaving means for the UK 
Summary1. My position on Our EU has nothing to do with opposing Corbyn.2. It's to do with my love of Our EU, and indeed of myself.3. The Tories are using Brexit for political gain.4. Not sure how, though. As we Remainers keep saying, Brexit is unpopular.5. That's all, folks!  
BREAKING: Angela Merkel's bloc reaches a coalition deal with Germany's Social Democrats  
Labour's Mayor of London @SadiqKhan on why the London local elections in May are a referendum on Tory police cuts 
The likes of Boris Johnson, JRM and IDS love to portray themselves as true British patriots. As far as I can see, from an Irish perspective, they will wilfully damage the U.K. through a hard Brexit while benefiting only their class. That is not patriotism, that is treachery 
We will use sanctions to punish Britain post-Brexit, Brussels vows in leaked documents  
"Have European citizens ever been asked if they want to be represented by a trans-national list?Again, the answer is No.”“We’re looking at a top-down, elite-driven project.Power without responsibility, so where are the checks & balances?” #Brexit #EU 
New Zealand's Prime Minister says the country is 'here, ready and willing' to do a post Brexit trade deal with the UK  
Finally a Brexit benefit! (From @Eddystone506)"No need to chlorinate swimming pools. Just chuck a chicken in."#StopBrexit 
Here's the legal text many have been fussed about: the proposed text on the transition period in the Brexit withdrawal agreement. Some comments 1/ 
Brexit will mean manufacturing exports fall by a third - with leave voting areas the worst hit. This is even with an economic model that presumes the UK is able to negotiate free trade agreements outside the EU. Total #BrexitShambles We need to #StopBrexit now... 
Staying in the Customs Union would prevent Britain making the most of Brexit! 
READ: Business leaders warn May: our patience over Brexit is running out“Now is time for the prime minister to deal with the divisions in her cabinet and rethink her reckless approach,” @Keir_Starmer 
.@S_Hammond: the 2016 referendum did not ask if the British people wanted to leave the Single Market and the Customs Union 
After Brexit: the UK will need to renegotiate at least 759 treatiesA long read, but an important one. Remember those who said we could sort all this in an afternoon?#StopBrexit 
As Scotland's democratically elected representatives are once again excluded from Brexit discussions by the British political elite, this seems pertinent. #Referendum2018 
Jacob Rees-Mogg & Bernard Jenkin are part of a group of 53 far-right Brexit headbangers holding Theresa May prisoner and dictating policy on the EU. She dances to their tune, knowing that 48 of them could trigger a leadership election at any time. What a way to run a government! 
DUP MP Sammy Wilson says that in the Brexit negotiations "if the gloves are off then it is time we went into this fray with a no surrender attitude". He urges a tough Government message to "blackmailing burghers from Brussels" & "cheap political opportunists in Dublin". 
I explained to a friend how #Brexit harms my business.  She said I should write it down since no-one had ever explained it.  So here it is.  
I'm not paid what Lynton Crosby is paid. I am not a professional election strategist. But I can offer this simple choice free of charge to @jeremycorbyn: change your mind on Brexit or continue to fail. 
Brexit: Ken Clarke claims 'vast majority' of MPs back staying in customs union - Politics live  
MUST-READ: In damning new report, @uk_tpo reveals Brexit could cut manufacturing exports by a third. Please RT so everybody knows the real facts:  
.@DavidDavisMP belief that the UK’s new trade deal with the EU will be agreed before the transition period starts is in complete contradiction to Michel Barnier, the EU’s chief #Brexit negotiator’s view, who said negotiations will only begin once the UK leaves the EU. 
This from the Daily Telegraph is almost criminal in its mentality. It's like saying "Police and courts plot to punish law-breakers" or "referees plot to punish rule-breakers". #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit #WATON 
People of Indian background twice as likely to be leave supporters as any other ethnic minority, interesting research on British minorities and Brexit  
If the referendum had proposed a specific form of Brexit as the Leave option then #Leave would almost certainly have lost. #Leave won because the option was 4 words which could mean almost anything to anyone. And what gave Leave victory is causing chaos now. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
A message for Labour MPs @UKLabour It's time to stand up and admit Brexit is going to make most of us poorer. We won't forget that you voted with the Tories to destroy our economy.  You're supposed to be the Opposition! @ChukaUmunna @The_TUC @Labour4EU #stopbrexit 
BREXIT has exposed to Brits and Europeans, for the first time, just what a calamity the EU is. Knowing the grim truth about the EU, more and more countries are now searching for ways out, as hearts and EDUCATED minds turn against the corrupt and broken EU organisation. 
Sadiq Khan: Upcoming local elections are a referendum on Tory police cuts  
And ANOTHER #Brexit problem: it’s a threat to the #Creative industries :  (via @InFactsOrg) 
I know things look bleak with Brexit but when one remembers the people who brought it about, one is instantly reassured. There are very few people who inspire more trust and confidence than Nigel Farage, Michael Gove and Boris Johnson. 
Post #brexit, 64 mill people will be stripped of Freedom of Movement. Do you think that the Gov will tolerate that a minority of people with double Euro/UK nationality would have more rights than others?Awaiting Deportation! (Got dual German/UK nationality in Jan) #fbpe #waton 
Jacob Rees-Mogg and the Hard Brexit 'European Research Group' within the Tory party have moved so far to the right that they have passed UKIP & now stand alongside Britain First. This extremism will further isolate UK & badly diminish world standing! #BrexitShambles #StopBrexit 
It should have been clear Brexit was en route when around half of Britain's working-class said "people like me have no say in government"  
Britain tells business: We cannot guarantee your Brexit future  
19 months after the EU referendum and nearly a year after Article 50 was triggered, Brexit inner cabinet meets today to try and agree final position on immigration. 
"Departments already have a lot to deliver besides Brexit and need to prioritise, including stopping some projects to make room for essential Brexit work–which is at least 313 areas of work"313 areas...  
And do you think the women who won the vote would have voted for Brexit Jeremy, or been as lukewarm as you? You waffle on about the past yet have said nothing memorable about the Irish Border question. PLP/Brexit is the main reason I tore up my membership card.  
I have a sense now that the first of the Big Two parties to officially, proudly come out against Brexit will get an immediate 15% jump in the polls and the whole thing will collapse like a soufflé.Wishful thinking, maybe, but I have a definite sense of it in the air. 
I was so proud of my country. It was a celebration of the U.K. I knew and loved, open, generous, creative, multi racial, outward looking and courageous. Brexit breaks my heart.  
In today's Brexit Briefing: A leaked document suggests the EU is seeking the ability to punish the UK by restricting market access for non-compliance with Brexit transition terms | Nigel Lawson: Margaret Thatcher would have been delighted by Brexit  
Is he joking? Or is he plain ignorant?(This bloke is meant to be one of the supposed thinkers of the Leave side)#Brexit #CustomsUnion 
And I got mocked when I listed this in the Brexit worst case scenario article I wrote for @TheCommonSpace early in 2017. 
The judge rules the question to be hypothetical because the government has no intention of offering Parliament a vote on revoking Article 50. Another failed attempt to thwart Brexit through the courts by publicity-seeking Remoaner lawyer Jolyon Maugham. 
Ken Clark currently laughing at Bernard Jenkin's claim that the EU will let Britain continue with the benefits of the single market/customs union after Brexit #r4today 
PUNISHMENT: Brussels wants powers to hurt UK during Brexit transition if it doesn't bow down to EU immigration law.This isn't taking back control. 
EU split over how to fill £11.5 billion funding black hole after Brexit  
The cost of Brexit from the analysis by the UK Government. Why would you wilfully damage your own economy and put workers on the dole. There will be less money for public services, we will all pay for this madness.  
Sadly a huge rump of this nation have always bee xenophobic, imperialist, Little Englanders believing their own exceptionalist myths. The R Wing coup that is Brexit satisfies many of them  - we are all in the spitfire heading for Brusels with May at the controls. 
When Brexit is stopped I will:-Sleep Better-No inflamed eye-No fighting with inlaws-I will get back to read my books-enjoy a holiday-not to be depressed -stop reading abt dictatorship #StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON #Labour #Libdems #Tories #SNP #ToriesOut #plaidcymru #EU 
Today, members of the Cabinet start to discuss what kind of trade arrangement with the EU we want to have.594 days after the referendum.  
Wife (a Yorkshire lass) has moved from No to Yes because of Brexit and the way Scotland's interests and wishes have been ignored on this issue. For her, it has revealed that the Union is not what she thought it was - whatever merits it may once have had, it has no longer. 
Brexit fits neatly into Marx’s opiate of the people theory: no matter what problems & privations we have to endure in this world, the rewards in the next world make it all worthwhile. You can’t prove it, you just have to believe. It’s why everything’s getting cultier by the day. 
Friends! I've just written to the Far-Right Kate Hoey, too!And have politely requested her to either fight Brexit - which is opposed by literally everyone apart from the British people - or resign!And yet, a full 10 minutes later, she STILL hasn't replied!Talk about racism!  
Who wants to be part of an organisation that threatens to ground flights and impose trade tariffs? @JuliaHB1 @PeterHain #Brexit Listen again ▼  
Through the miracle of science and time travel, Cheddar Man just rode into Brexit Britain ;) @Boothicus @lornarichardson 
Blessed are the cheese makers for they shall inherit the Brexit dividendPasta tooAerospace, not so much via @financialtimes 
Terms of reference of Joint Ministerial Committee on European Negotiations means that devolved administrations should be involved in this crucial #Brexit discussion.  They aren’t....Theresa May and ministers gather for key Brexit meeting - BBC News  
Government departments have been "too slow" to begin practical  preparations to get the country ready for Brexit, a parliamentary report has warned.   
Brexit impact report ““Even achievement of the (literally) incredible objective of signing FTAs with every non-EU country would not compensate for the loss of relationship with the EU…”  
On when will be the first time we can turn on news and NOT have to hear about Brexit:March 2019: 11%June 2023: 16%Never. Armageddon is more likely to happen first, and even after that Brexit still be on the news: 73%Via Survation  (Feb 7) 
You can have the NHS or #Brexit . You cannot have both. £300 million per year spent so far on 10,000 extra civil servants to deliver Brexit. A&Es around £200 to £300 million short to cover the winter crisis this year. Wake up @theresa_may and @jeremycorbyn 
Looking forward to examining the #EEA & #EFTA models at #Brexit select committee this morning. @theSNP @scotgov have long recommended this as a compromise position for the whole of the UK which failing, Scotland. #ScotlandsPlaceInEurope 
No cabinet decision on Brexit “end state” this week — & new customs arrangement even further away from being finalised. My report on a crucial two days for Brexit as officials start worrying that March EU summit decision on transition now also ambitious 
The 'political elite' forces behind the Brexit campaign pose a danger to democracy, according to @MollyMEP who is seeking to expose the myths surrounding the leave vote:  
Yesterday we saw how desperate some MP’s (Soubry) to destroy Brexit. UK democracy means nothing to them or the fact their own constituencies voted Brexit. We must get all traitors out of Parliament, they will always side with the EU & hold back our country never move it forward  
Business leaders warn May: our patience over Brexit is running out  
“The EU uses pooled-without-consent sovereignty to pursue its own institutional self-preservation, impoverishing struggling Eurozone members, from Spain to Italy, & brazenly betraying workers’ rights at every self-interested turn”#ThankEUGoodbye #Brexit 
EU split over plot to fill £11.5 billion funding black hole after Brexit  
Theresa May's chief Brexit tormentor, Jacob Rees-Mogg, has stepped up his pressure on the Prime Minister  
It's the same story across Devon. The unholy alliance of austerity and it's cousin Brexit means that foreign languages, the lifeblood of trade have been thrown on the bonfire along with the NHS and human rights. #SouthWestFinalSay #FBPE 
Ridiculously weak piece from Peter Lyon. Uk businesses have "had more than enough time to prepare for Brexit without transition" (err, what will the rules be?).  Must have full new immigration system up & running, March 2019. (Obvs not possible now, given Autumn18 white paper)  
Jacob Rees-Mogg is leading the charge for an extreme Brexit. He has the full support of the racisits from Britain First. Their leader, Paul Golding, is offering BF to act as security and 'enforcers' for JRM. #ToriesOut #r4today 
The phoney leadership struggle is becoming hard reality for @theresa_may. It would be entertaining if it weren’t taking time, energy and commitment away from the most important issue for the past 70 years #Brexit @Labour4EU @labour4europe @EuroLabour 
Talking the latest twist and turn on Brexit on @GMB at 6.25 with @Kevin_Maguire who loves  the way the EU tries to screw up Britain 
Trying to work out how many days/months/years it is since I heard the news saying the Cabinet was meeting to agree Brexit strategy #mess 
How much more uncertainty & confusion can business stand? British Chambers of Commerce say they need @theresa_may to make choices and to govern @Labour4EU @labour4europe @London4Europe #Brexit  
Bully boy EU will have only itself to blame with its daft demands during Brexit transition if we walk away without a deal 
So @GuitarMoog and I thought we would dip our toes into the crowded shark tank that is Brexit podcastery. I hope it’s as enjoyable to listen to as it was to record. Subscribe in your preferred podcasting app with this link to the feed:  
Let me summarise what the #Remoaners are saying about #Brexit17.4 million voted to #LEAVEBut that is all too difficult to do.So we will ignore the biggest vote in Britain's history and #REMAINHow about we get some politicians who CAN deliver the #Brexit we voted for in 2016? 
Have you lot stopped #Brexit yet or are you all lazing about again?  I'll be catching up on news today and I'd better like what I see.  Don't make me come back there. 
Nashville council votes to add mayor's transit referendum to May ballot  
The hard left are the same as the hard right insofar as - they both think facts don't matter- they both think they are special- they both see #brexit as an opportunity for THEMSELVES- they are both putting party before country  
Oh no! @ottocrat and @guitarmoog have only gone and done a Podcast! CakeWatchA podcast in which Chris and Steve sit in Brussels and chat grumpily about Brexit and its accompanying #cakeism.Hope you enjoy it, or at least find it tolerable. 
Upshot: Despite 80% of Labour supporters calling for the party to Stop Brexit, Keir Starmer tells this group of people that Labour, too, must drink the hemlock so we all must go down together. Yes, people were fooled by lies told in an advisory referendum, but it’s too late now  
Waukee voters support $117M bond referendum to build a second high school  via @DMRegister 
Bond referendum passes with 90.27% yes vote!!! Thank you for the overwhelming support.  #kidswin #grateful 
Unofficial results are in. $117 million bond referendum passes with 90.27% voter approval. Thank you to everyone who voted and for your continued support! #2ndHS 
In fact at this point Brexit is no longer the issue. It is democracy itself which is in danger. And I ask myselfHow do I wake everyone to the danger when they appear to be in a parallel world in which i can see them but they can't hear nor see me regardless of how hard I shout?  
But what if I voted Leave because I don't want my country to be absorbed into a supranational government of Europe designed without my input and implemented without my consent? How are you going to fix that without spending resources and energy on Brexit? Ideas on a postcard...  
I'm not pro-Tory. Never voted for them in my life. But I'm sick of Corbyn supporters misusing Brexit to just take shots at the Tories, rather than at Leavers in general.#StopBrexit 
FYI the hashtag for issue of electoral reform in 2019 federal election (Trudeau had promised to change the electoral system by then) is #ERRE (Electoral Reform-Réforme Electorale). The hashtag for the November referendum on electoral reform in BC is #PR4bc (PR-Prop Rep) #bcpoli 
Brexit: turning the screws - As the Brexit debate in the UK internalises, the EU is quietly turning the screws, seeking to lock the UK into the most abject state of subordination during the transition period that it is possible to imagine...  #Brexit.  
1. 'Brussels will have the power 2 punish the UK at will during the Brexit transition period by closing off parts of the single market to British companies, according 2 a leaked legal document drawn up by the EU.'Taking back Control? NOT. We told you so!  
This isn't the Playboy Bunny Jet, man. If there was a referendum to have #ElonMusk pay zero tax I'd probably vote yes just so he could keep pushing, all of us, forward. (I was with you on the #PizzaGuys though.) 
Jez and Treez went up the hillTo fetch a fail of Brexit.Jez fell down and broke his crown,And Treez came tumbling after.Up Jez got, coz he's a Trot,As fast as he could caper,He went to bed to mend his head,It was in all the right wing papers. 
Britain and the EU are heading for another clash over Northern Ireland's post-Brexit status  
You may be right... Maybe Corbyn is playing a long game... Maybe he'll demand a public vote on it once the damage Brexit will do to this country is clear for all to see, based on the preliminary deal .... But I'm not going to rely on that 'maybe'.  
Another compelling reason to make sure we keep the European Arrest Warrant  #Brexit  
The EU is to impose legal safeguards during the transition period, this is an obvious requirement, it's what we all voted for at the referendum.This was always going to be the case and was extensively covered during the campaign, so why the surprise?#bbcpapers #FinalSay 
UK, Alyn & Deeside, Welsh assembly by-election result:LAB-S&D: 60.7% (+14.9)CON-ECR: 25.4% (+4.4)LDEM-ALDE: 6.3% (+1.8)PC-G/EFA: 5.7% (-3.3)GRN-G/EFA: 1.9% (-0.5)UKIP did not stand in this election (-17.4)#AlynandDeeside #Brexit 
So for the second time in a week I have felt compelled to write to a Tory MP & thank them for taking a stand on Brexit. First @DrPhillipLeeMP & now @Anna_Soubry following her excellent @BBCNewsnight interview last night & subsequent hateful attacks. Please keep going Anna. 
@Femi_Sorry is right - Labour have to seize the moment and support what the majority of their members, and increasing percentage of the public want: to let the people decide on Mrs May’s #Brexit deal. Young people know our future is #European! #fbpe #stopbrexit 
Jacob Rees-Mogg and the shadowy group of Tories shaping Brexit  
So will Theresa May's offence of intimidation in public life apply to her friend Paul Dacre whose Daily Mail shrieked "Crush the Saboteurs" or her Press Secretary who wrote the "Enemies of the People" article, or all the other #Brexit press intimidation?#StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON 
I suspect less than 1% of UK citizens are aware of the alarmingly proto-fascist trajectory of the Hungarian, Austrian and Polish governments.With UK seemingly heading in the same direction as result of #Brexit we are entering very worrying times. 
Ha! This is extraordinary!“David Crockett and the Border farm split by the wild frontier”How is this bloke going to move a  from one field to another? #Brexit Via @ihopetoquitsoon 
And this thread of mine is an example of @Usherwood’s law of #Brexit. My oh my when you look at the details all of this gets SO damned complex…    
How about bringing Britain together by stepping down?Brexit: Boris Johnson plans EU speech for Valentine's Day to bring warring Tories together  
We all have a legal right to get our Parish Council to hold a referendum on brexit! This thread explains exactly HOW to do it:  
no Brexit at all would be best  
We don’t give up. I have always felt that stopping Brexit is my #Sufragette moment. We haven’t come so far to have all this taken away again. Stand with us #StopBrexit be the #counterweight to the extremes .@Reasons2Remain @spaceangel1964 @Anna_Soubry @CarolineLucas @LoubinWally 
The story on the right makes a fuss about Ireland wanting a legal treaty text drawn up on Brexit border issues soon. But this is how international treaties are made. You might as well have a cover story about missing socks.  
What I would like to know is :WHY is it in order for Tory MPs to SUBSIDISE a *hardcore* RW #Brexit organisation like the European Research Group out of their Parliamentary expenses ?Seems HIGHLY questionable to me  !But what do I know ?I'm just a twitter hack. 
The Irony that Brexit voters risk leaving their children a LESS sovereign Britain.There is no Nice & Soft Brexit. Just "No Brexit" and "Bad Brexit".  
EU toughens Brexit transition demands.In summary, EU demands that it can treat the UK like a piece of shit and the UK must say thank you. 
Even the CBI is saying it - Conservative government policy - brexit - is nakedly anti-business.  
Leaked EU document shows Brexit 'punishment plan'  
Remainer: The EU did not stop us pursuing global objectives. When we leave we will have diminished ability to pursue those goalsBBC: But have we been punching above our weight? After #Brexit we will accept our place in the worldYeah i'm sure that's what the Brexiters want 
The Bank of England says that voting to leave the European Union has cost Britain more than £200 million a week in lost growth since the referendum. That's £300 per second.Or 736,553 extra nurses.Or 9 new hospitals.Or 873,998 new police officers. 
Jacob Rees-Mogg and the shadowy group of Tories shaping Brexit. Leave supporters regularly and falsely claim that the EU is corrupt, while their own European Research Group is accused of misusing funds.  
Leavers who rant about a German dominated EU would seem to be confusing football with politics. I'm sure we can empathize with the pain that repeated German victories over the England football team has inflicted on these defenders of English pride. #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit 
Foreign leaders think UK has 'lost the plot' by pursuing Brexit, says a former head diplomat.And the majority of the UK now thinks we should #Remain in the EU, polls show. Time to #StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
Not a peep from May when Press demanded she "crush the saboteurs", or when they branded judges "enemies of the people", or when Bank of England Govnr was called an "enemy of Brexit". @IanDunt expresses the hypocrisy of May brilliantly:  via @politics_co_uk 
Jacob Rees-Mogg and the shadowy group of Tories shaping Brexit  
64% of Tory voters think #Brexit was the right decision so the Tories pursue Brexit, which makes reasonable sense.  While, with 70% of its voters thinking Brexit was the wrong decision, Labour also backs Brexit, which is plain bonkers!#StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON 
Just back from a @BestForBritain training session. MPs - this is organised, heartfelt, intelligent grassroots nationwide campaigning.@EstherMcVey1 your constituents were there. We all know what we want and it isn’t this gvmt’s carcrash Brexit. 
Germany, SPD (S&D) referendum on a coalition with CDU/CSU (EPP)463,723 #SPD members & people who join SPD until Feb 6 (1800 CET) eligable to vote. 24,339 joined the party in the past 12 months. #Jusos (SPD youth organization) opposes gov't with #Merkel. Binding if turnout=20%+. 
Indeed: there is no sensible potential international partner looking at the clownish way UK has so far conducted Brexit negotiations which would not now want strict sanctions for breach.This has been the moral hazard all along.  
It's disingenuous to say things like 'the British people did not vote to be poorer' and so we must change course on Brexit.Despite all the threats of armageddon and economic collapse-upto £4300 per household per year, Britons voted by a majority to Leave. Get that, MPs?#Brexit  
"Calling Brexit a “strategic error”,Sir Simon ridiculed No 10’s vow that leaving the EU would see Britain “strike out in the world”,telling a Parliamentary inquiry “I don’t know what that means."No one knows what it means. Empty words.#brexitshambles 
Latest ORB Brexit tracker finds approval of way the government handling negotiations almost at a low point  
Remember, ultimately, Brexit is about one question only: who governs?Whether it's about trade, immigration or anything else, it's about who governs Britain, who is to decide on this matters, us or them?#Brexit  
Rees-Mogg incident sparks copycat wave of Brexit Ultras attempting to manufacture similar incidents.  
EU negotiating directives on the Brexit transition period arriving like  
Well.  That should help business and investor confidence!Bank of America: Theresa May's Brexit plan is 'not possible' (Venn diagram) - Business Insider -  
The EU wants powers to punish the UK if London breaches the terms of a Brexit transition deal  
I've always thought that Brexit is trying to return to a past that never actually existed. It turns out though that SMEs worrying about being out of the Single Market and moving production and jobs out of the UK is one aspect of pre-EEC Britain that can be revived.  
If Brexit Britain chooses not to apply tariffs, that rule will apply to everyone as per WTO regs.  Our farmers and industries then get wiped out by cheap imports. To prevent this happening we would need to apply tariffs and put a border in Ireland anyway. 
The overwhelming majority of you people reject #Brexit and want to stay online the EU. Time to back the @the75percent campaign. 
Imagine if we joined together, many in body but one in mind, to rid ourselves of the most draconian, authoritarian, reckless, corrupt government in my lifetime, then worried about whether Brexit happened or how it would happen afterward, once the psychopaths had been ousted? 
Imagine for a moment we stop. Take a breather. Take a look around.  Open our eyes to what is going on.  Imagine for a moment that Remainers and Leavers who don't want a Hard Brexit join together to fight the people who have done this to us, created this division. 
Just spoke to @Keir_Starmer. He's a good man. Fighting to maintain human rights and he's listening to why people voted Brexit. But he needs to recognise: remaining in the Single Market but without a strong seat at the table would mean LESS sovereignty. The people need a #FinalSay 
The CBI represents SMEs and they are vehemently against the Govts Brexit nonsense, below being the latest example. Do we all remember when the Cons would constantly tout themselves as the party for business...seems a distant past now.  
Brexit is like a plumber in Grimsby sacking all of his local clients because he's heard the plumbing industry is growing faster in London. 
One thing Brexit has shown is that we have been very careless with our democracy because we have elected some pig thick MPs who don't understand how trade works. 
Very timely this #backintimefortea showing us what life will be like after brexit. 
."May didn’t raise a peep when the press demanded she "crush the saboteurs", or when they branded judges "enemies of the people", or when the governor of the Bank of England was called an "enemy of Brexit".". 
As a foreigner living in this country I am very aware that Theresa May has never condemned any of the hostility displayed openly towards us. Not once. No wonder I hear people denying it happens at all. I despair. #Brexit @InLimboBrexit @theresa_may @guyverhofstadt #the3Million 
NEW: understand that tomorrow afternoon’s Brexit Cabinet subcommittee will discuss immigration and... Northern Ireland as the 10 Cabinet ministers search for UK position on end state. 
This is Sir Simon Fraser, former head UK diplomatic service, being diplomatic about #Brexit One can only imagine the words he'd use if he wasn't being polite.#ExitFromBrexit 
Really sorry to have to ask but how are we going to secure our national interest post Brexit if we export as much to Ireland as we do to Australia,India ,S Korea and Japan put together #Onlyaskingbutdoesntseemtomakemuchsense 
Labour has a policy on Brexit, but the British public have busted them on their 'keep quiet and allow the Tories to screw us up, then take over' strategy.  If Labour want to win, they need to get real and be a part of the solution, not the problem... 
Itas no policy but Brexit, which it also has no idea how to implement. And you have nothing to say about that policy. 
There's just one story, Labour: Brexit. And you have no policy on it.  
Would you like a vote on the final deal? #Brexit #EURT Poll after you vote for a larger sample. 
@IanDunt ...she actively stoked tribalism and malice.May didn’t raise a peep when the press demanded she "crush the saboteurs",or when they branded judges "enemies of the people", or when the governor of the Bank of England was called an "enemy of Brexit".  
@IanDunt ...she actively stoked tribalism and malice.May didn’t raise a peep when the press demanded she "crush the saboteurs",or when they branded judges "enemies of the people", or when the governor of the Bank of England was called an "enemy of Brexit".  
Please give your support to the @the75percent campaign of young people who are mobilising to fight Brexit. Tweet this link. Thanks 
Europhile Nick Clegg Admits ‘Soft Brexit Dead,’ UK Will Leave Single Market  
With each day the behaviour of the brexit fanatics in this government confirm without doubt that it is a Far Right coup that is nothing to do with the best interests of the nation, its people or our future. There can be no other reason for their state of mind. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Very worrying. Pushing for an over-the-cliff Brexit, clamp-down on social media, incl social media news outlets, bonfire of rights. We are turning into Turkey. 
Siri, show me a news story that can only be a metaphor for Brexit.  
"At times of crisis, political language is used to disguise lies."WATCH @Andrew_Adonis proposes the case that 'This House Regrets Brexit'  
We DON'T need EU! Swiss exports 'at all-time high' Huge blow for Brussels as Brexit looms 
NEW Zealand is "ready and willing" to agree a post-Brexit trade deal with the UK, the country's prime minister said today.  
excited for the forthcoming referendum to leave the solar system  
Any young person thinking of withdrawing support from Labour because of Corbyn''s supposed stance on Brexit, needs to watch even just part of his speech to Remain in the EU to understand his progressive message at the time as @DiEM_25 - 
Want to hear the REAL definition of Brexit!? #WhatWouldYourKidDo? Tonight 8pm @ITV 
The "ripostes" to this just serve to illustrate it."Of COURSE there are good arguments for Brexit.""Ok, like what?""TYPICAL ARROGANT REMOANERS I'M NOT PREPARED TO DISCUSS IT WE WON YOU LOST SO THERE."  
'Soft Brexit is dead': Nick Clegg admits his fight to keep UK in Single Market is over  via @Telegraph 
Ireland border ‘fudge’ threatens to pull apart Brexit talks - Was always going to be hardest bit! #BrexitShambles 
Why hasn’t the EU pulled out of Brexit talks over Ireland?  via @richardjmurphy 
Right. I'm fucking sick of this Brexit bullshit now. Nearly two years ago a campaign started and it was filled with bollocks on both sides. Nobody told the truth and we, the electorate, were expected to make a rational and informed decision. HOW?!?! 1/4 
Lord McNally: "This dysfunctional, leaderless government is leading us toward a bleak Brexit.While the Conservatives plays out a tragicomic version of Game of Thrones, the future of our country at stake." 
Parent at local school today informed that no East Devon state schools bar Colyton Grammar able to offer modern foreign languages at 'A' level. Cultural and educational impoverishment thanks to austerity and Brexit. #StopBrexitSaveBritain #BrexitBad4Britain #WATON #FBPE #Remain 
Every single one of these Tories who are hard Brexiteers have a personal monetary reason for wanting to Brexit. They want to enrich themselves, they couldn’t give a toss about the British people. 
'Brexit is a DISASTER' German MEP says impact is same as '19 smaller countries' leaving  
Jacob Rees-Mogg #Brexit QUITLER  
Another Brexit moment where it is necessary to point out to UK observers that EU unity will hold not because it is led by naive idealists dreaming of a geopolitical pony farm but rather because it is led by ruthless bastards who will defend it out of collective self-interest 
Many Leavers believe that immigration harms the #NHS. Perhaps they read the article for which the Daily Mail was forced to write the apology below. #LeaveLies #StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
New poll shows accepting Tory Brexit would cost @UKLabour 3 million Remain voters and only gain 300,000 extra Leave voters. Corbyn’s choice is clear. 
“We've got to get real. We’re misleading the British people."Tory MP Peter Bone, a leading Brexiteer, and Baroness Ros Altmann, a former Conservative pensions minister, discuss Brexit.  
"The EU promote certain legislation in order to fulfil one political objective - a United States of Europe. Recent events in the UK prove that there is no appetite for this." #Brexit  
Ireland, MRBI poll:Would Ireland be better off leaving the EU or remaining in the EU if Brexit results in a hard border policy between the Republic Of Ireland and Northern Ireland?Remain: 78%Leave: 10%Field work: 22/01/18 – 23/01/18Sample size: 1,200 
Keep SIGNING & RT-ing !!Petition to #BanLiveExport of animals from #UK after #Brexit. It's great that #LiveExports will be debated in #Parliament on 26th February. Let's show them we support an immediate & total BAN  
Nigel Farage - "Barnier is playing politics, he doesn’t want it to be seen that we’ve left the EU easily, otherwise he knows that Denmark and Austria and goodness knows who else would want to follow us." #Brexit  
New ICM Poll for @guardian shows that public opinion is swinging behind @libdems call for a vote on the terms of #Brexit.  The poll showed that Brits favour a referendum on the terms by a 13 point margin #ExitFromBrexit #FBPE 
Just had a call from Labour asking if I'll renew my membership. I said the party's (lack of) Brexit policy was the issue. "Oh, another one" 
    I have included  Link to the site KEEP SCOTLAND THE BRAND a vital tool in protecting Scottish brands post Brexit. Every Scot should be behind this regardless of politics I challenge the Twitter world to help to #RTX1000 to help spread the word 
The youth are united. We hate Brexit. We're from Finsbury Park, Cambridge, Darlington, The Valleys... all over the UK. The future of this country is Remain. So STOP BREXIT!  
And that’s the problem - after 40 years of moaning about the EU, Brexiters still don’t know what they actually want.Brexit means...blue passports and ‘taking back control’. As for any substance - forget it. 
The next general election is set for 2022. We can worry about it later.The Brexit ratification process begins in around 160 workdays. We need to stop Brexit NOW.Time is running out.#StopBrexit 
Peter Bone MP - “416 days before we come out of this dreadful European Union superstate." #Brexit  
The Liberal Democrats are fighting to give the British people the final say on the Brexit deal. I am here with @nick_clegg in the European Parliament to tell you how it can be done. Please RT. 
Here it is in a few tweets: the post-Brexit death of our multibillion made-in-Scotland protected-by-EU whisky industry.   ht @alanferrier @MaxQTV 
Current number of UK trade deals with the rest of the world (via UK membership of the EU) = 759Current number of UK trade deals with the rest of the world (after the UK leaves the EU) = 0Spot the problem.#Brexit 
The Prime Minister made a commitment in 2016 to fully involve the devolved nations in the #Brexit process - so what happened? 
I still can't get my head around the idea that #Brexit will return powers of lawmaking to parliament. When the #Tories want to implement the 'Henry the 8th clause'. Which will remove the power of law making from parliament & put it into the hands of individual ministers. #Idiots 
People are beginning to recognise that @LibDems are the only party with a sane policy on Brexit  
Theresa May says you have to "believe in what you're doing" (having repeatedly refused to say that she'd vote for Brexit).  
Foreign leaders think UK has 'lost the plot' by pursuing Brexit, says a former head diplomat.Sir Simon Fraser accuses Theresa May of 'mushy thinking' over her promise of a new 'Global Britain' outside the EU – branding it just a 'slogan'. 
Nick Clegg accused EU of fuelling Brexit with a 'sneering disregard for patriotism'  
This is an interesting analysis of the Twitter conversation on Brexit pre and post referendum - with some familiar names...  
Brexit transition text: single market benefits could be suspended if UK breaks EU law. Always read the footnotes.Quote from draft to be published noon on Wednesday  
Now they would say that - as this is a battle for leverage over the decisions on the Brexit end state. It’s also convenient for the two wings to attack each other rather than No 10, but net net, the dissatisfaction of pro Efta/ CU Tory MPs is much understated 
Caught up with farmer Hilary from Journey to Yes earlier on phone. 8 MONTHS ON they still have absolutely no idea what's happening regarding Brexit or the future of their farm. We can do better than this, Scotland.  
Even if @DavidDavisMP ‘s unlikely estimate of trade deals generating growth of up to 40% for the UK happens, according to @LSEnews a hard Brexit will reduce UK exports by 40% to the EU, 20% to US and 15% to EU FTA countries. A 40% increase offsets only half lost EU trade. 
BloggedWhat's next for EU27 and UK citizens' rights?Comments on what the future Brexit withdrawal agreement should include:  
Fascinating analysis showing how Twitter has completely changed since the referendum. The Leave cloud was dominant pre-ref and the Remain (and #FBPE) ecosystem now outsizes Leave bubble massively.  
Letters: Remainers’ patronising attitude to Brexit voters has no basis in reality  
New Zealand PM: ‘We’re ready and waiting for post-Brexit trade deal’  
Yet another negative #Brexit impact they never told us about :  
Dear fab new followers: -sign up to our newsletter -sign up to volunteer or be a candidate -retweet us until you get cramp in your fingers -tell your followers how @renew_britain will help you The more people we reach, with YOUR help, the quicker we stop Brexit. 
Jacob Rees Mogg ex Rothschild's bank worker brought up by Nanny, Eton & moulded in Oxford is Partner in Somerset Capital Management which is managed by Hedge fund subsidiaries in Cayman islands & Singapore wants hard Brexit' just as EU comes down hard on them Make sense now? 
Now we've gorra propa Bri'ish manager, gerrin em owt in't snow instead'a poncin around in't sunneh Spain. Ian 'arte were right about all tha bloody Spanish, Brexit means Hexit this'll be grand 
Ireland and Scotland united against hard brexit borders.  
Other countries believe Britain has ‘lost the plot’ in pursuing Brexit, former diplomat warns  
A bit rich from a PM who refused to condemn Daily Mail for calling judges 'enemies of the people' & Telegraph for calling Remain supporting MPs saboteurs, plus countless other examples. Perhaps abuse only counts if if happend to Brexit MPs.  
'But the forecasts published in the run up to the Brexit vote have not been disproved. First and foremost this is because the UK has not yet left the EU.'   
"The OBR’s own short-term forecasts in November 2016 revealed the working assumption that Brexit would result in a £59bn deterioration in the UK’s public finances by 2020-21 relative to otherwise"That is an awful lot of money ...#brexitshambles 
Remember the Vow Cameron made to the Scots? Well Tories made the same Vow to the U.K. public promising Brexit was Good for The NHS, Both "Vows turned out to be "Blatant Lies" 
I bet all this in house fighting between, Anna Soubry, Rees-Mogg, and Boris Johnson, is right up Labour's street. I bet old Comrade Corbyn, is sat back loving this. Anna Soubry is wrong, why dosent she accept the result, and get on helping with a constructive Brexit " Shameful ". 
This is fun! I'm sure I'm not that influential! The most important thing show by this fascinating analysis is just how much the pro-EU network on Twitter has transformed and grown since the referendum. #StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON #Brexit  
MPs call for investigation into ministers' links to Brexit group   
Time to call off the attack dogs and get on with the job of delivering the spirit of Brexit, says @AndrewRTDavies 
Heavy crisis in Edo state, This is how Fantastically corrupt Nigerian police man because of 100 naira killed a car driver in Benin city along 3rd east ikpoba slope, Nigeria as a country is a curse, keep calm Support #Biafra Restoration #Referendum, it’s our last hope  
Anna Soubry told the Guardian she would not have supported the plebiscite if she thought it would lead to the withdrawal of the UK from the EU ... #SubtlePleasures of #Brexit 
Everything you need to know about just-in-time production and why Brexit threatens to derail it  
Brexit shows the inadequacy and inability of.......oh sod it, here is @zoobeauval's new baby panda falling down a small cliff and then falling off a fence: 
Going to the Dexeu reading room tomorrow to view the govt reports leaked to Buzzfeed. These are the reports that confirm exactly how damaging #Brexit will be to the UK. #FBPE 
Nigel Farage STANDS UP FOR THE NHS by blaming mass immigration for UK healthcare ‘crisis’  via @Your Brexit @Nigel_Farage IS ABSOLUTELY SPOT ON along with greed corruption paying top prices for stuff that costs pennies so the companies get billions 
Government should never have kept Brexit analysis secret says head of the @OBR_UK 
Ireland’s prime minister issues warning to U.K. on Brexit promises  
Brexit or Remain?A question that will define our future. Many believe the UK urgently needs a new alliance of centrist, pro-EU moderates, drawing the great & good from centre left & centre right, to lead us out of this mire.Please take part in this poll if you'd like and RT. 
What happens if the "vassal state" strikes back during Brexit transition? Take a look at this interesting footnote in the EU's draft legal text. Answer: access to single market suspended. Read more here:  
This makes @Anna_Soubry by far the bravest MP against #Brexit .No-one else, on any side, comes close.  
You’re right. I’ll never accept Brexit. I’ll never accept that the far right forces of bigotry, xenophobia, and reactionary authoritarianism have won. I will fight for as long as necessary to overturn Brexit. 
RT if you agree @MoggMentum#LBCLIVE #skynews #Conservatives #Brexit #JacobReesMogg#Moggmentum #Mogg4PM 
UK crops left to rot after drop in EU farm workers in Britain after Brexit referendum – ‘We simply could not harvest everything’ 
Thank you @MiroCerar for the warm welcome my Benelux colleagues and I received in Slovenia. Our countries are likeminded on many issues, such as migration, the single market and Brexit. I’m pleased we were able to discuss a number of key European topics together.  
So Prime Minister wants to create more criminal offences......for which there is no need, as offences already exist......for which there is no legislative time, because of Brexit and other Bills......for which there are insufficient resources for police to investigate1/2 
He’s got Britain’s best interests at heart.When Brexit destroys our industrial base, strips away health and safety regulations, forces a sell off of our health service and makes us a “vassal state” of the US or China, then Britain will count as an Emerging Economy like India. 
READ: Nicola Sturgeon’s Brexit letter to Theresa May in full - one more try  
.@fmwales speaking in @SeneddChamber about the @WelshGovernment #Brexit trade paper which sets out why the Welsh economy is best protected by retaining full access to the #SingleMarket & membership of a customs union. 
Tories at each others throats over Brexit, Labour trails them in latest poll.  
BREXIT: Govt should never have kept Brexit analysis secret, says head of Office for Budget Responsibility / #Brexit  
The Prime Minister made a commitment in 2016 to fully involve the devolved nations in the #Brexit process - so what happened? 
We should thank Anna Soubry for her contribution to Brexit. She, among certain others helped to decide the waverers to go for Brexit. Horrible beyond belief but useful to the Brexit camp. Long may she last. 
Gorgeous examples of ludicrous Brexitspeak"We will not be in "the" customs union, or "a" customs union, but a customs "partnership""Brexit means controlling our frontiers with the EU, but we don't want to control the only frontier with the EU that we have - in Northern Ireland" 
See this running counter for what Brexit is costing... As our Govt shovels £ in extra civ service & customs officers (instead of NHS) and our economic growth has slumped from top to bottom of G7, it’s costing £200m/week and already an eye-watering total.  
Confidence in how Brexit is going has fallen from bad to much worse. In December 21% of people thought it was going well - that has fallen to just 16%. Even with Tory voters fewer than 1/3 are positive. #BrexitShambles #StopBrexit 
There was a hilarious Rafael Behr article after the referendum filed with Cameron Tories discovering that the tabloids are unreasonable, disinterested in truth & hell bent on pushing idiotic agendas. It was adorable, like a baby duck’s first steps. 
So Hopkins is officially a Race Hate criminal and #ReesMogg ‘s minder is actually a Nazi.Anyone still confused about what Brexit is ?   
Rafael Behr, like Matthew Parris, has emerged as the most eloquent and powerful critic of the Brexit debacle, putting large majority of TV & radio journalists to shame. Don’t miss this one >>Brexit ultras v Tory realists: that’s the real battle  
Government should never have kept Brexit analysis secret says OBR chair  
Philosopher Karl Popper was pretty much compulsory reading for early Thatcherites in the mid 1970s.  Here is his damning verdict on the suppression of reason & truth such as that which is now being carried out by the hard right in Britain & the USA. #StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE /1 
Hilarious.Three days after SNP MSP Mike Russell announces he will leak a confidential Brexit report, his boss demands to be included in Brexit discussions with the UK Govt.  Who votes for these idiots?  
Officials from the EU27 have been shown a draft text for the transition section of the #Brexit Withdrawal Agreement. The rest of us get to see it when it’s published tomorrow.  
Now we are talking #transition! Straight forward draft by @EU_Commission provides the clarity the economy facing #Brexit needs. Not so much time left to get a deal on this in March. 
My interview with @shehabkhan for the @Independent. An extreme #Brexit won't enhance our democracy, indeed it could mean more trade deals being signed without any real accountability.  
Yes, Theresa May, British politics has become nastier and more polarised. That's because your party has legitimised racism and intolerance with your 'Go Home' vans and by holding a referendum on the EU in an attempt to hold your divided party together. 
May's stance on #Brexit, to ignore the wishes of half the population, is what has split the country and created the cult of #Brexism. She's either deluded or stupid. The jury is out on which. 
Jeepers. Brexit’s really shrunk England. Far too wee to be independent.  
An attempt from Scottish anti-Brexit politicians to review whether Article 50 is reversible has been defeated in court. Remoaners must stop trying to block Brexit! 
I have a sense very many people in our country are extremely anxious about the apparent insanity of our politics & the Brexit crisis engulfing us, esp around Customs Union, dire consequences of leaving etc. BBC’s response? To ignore it. Today’s #wato didn’t mention Brexit. At all 
Our @BestForBritain polling shows @jeremycorbyn gambling w/ Labour line: if he supported staying in, his fortunes wld improve. @OFOCBrexit @Femi_Sorry Poll shows Jeremy Corbyn will haemorrhage votes to the Lib Dems if Labour backs Brexit at next election  
"It's about democracy. It's really that simple."WATCH @JamesDelingpole oppose the motion 'This House Regrets Brexit'  
Another Brexit boost: Gtech switches manufacturing to UK  
"We the people voted to take control of British law!""Ok. Would you like to oversee what the government's doing as part of the Brexit legal apparatus, and take a public vote on whether or not you find it acceptable, ethical and correct?"........"Nah."#StopBrexit 
New Zealand ready and willing to do a post Brexit trade deal  
VIX above 50% for, remarkably, only third time ever (if you count Sept '08-March '09 as one "time"). LTCM, Asia crisis, dotcom bubble, Greece, euro debt crisis, Brexit ... none of that got the VIX above 50. But it did today. Shows how complacent/skewed the market was.  
Good piece from @thistlejohn in @TheScotsman - Why brexit is about to go wrong (in case you hadn't clocked that yet) 
Anna Soubry threatens to quit the Conservative Party because the Govt appears to be implementing the will of the people. Would Ms Soubry dare to stand for a by-election in her constituency, Broxtowe that voted Leave?#Brexit  
Nick Clegg blames 'sneering' Eurocrats for Brexit.Careful Cleggie or you won't get your EU pension. 
.@thomasbrake – “Higher prices, lower exports”: the cost of Brexit to UK manufacturing  
12/ there are more questions than answers on #citizensrights post Brexit. Thus, politicians like Amber Rudd publicly announcing that EU citizens' rights have been sorted is completely disingenuous. We are looking forward to her response to this letter /end 
This afternoon I'll be seeking to change the Government's Space Industry Bill to seek certainty for the sector & the supply chain over Brexit & leaving the single market, as well as to stop a Government power grab  
We still have no idea what Britain actually wants from Brexit, top Merkel ally says  
Farewell, Just In Time Delivery: How Brexit is about to torpedo everything from major manufacturing to your supermarket shop.  
Poll: 86% don’t trust May to deliver on Brexit  
This morning I met with representatives from @CBItweets, @fsb_policy, @The_IoD, @londonchamber and @London_First. Key focus today was Crossrail 2 – a vital part of London's future transport infrastructure – and Brexit 
#brexit Horslips on FB re saddos in Eirexit conference had feckin' temerity to use Dearg Doom as soundtrack and to show the image of the album cover on the big screen. they didn't ask us. If they had, we'd have pointed out that we wouldn't piss on them if they were on fire 
Post Brexit the greatest thing we can export to the EU is democracy. Something of which they are desperately short of. 
We all want our kids to be happy.With all of the exaggerations around the Brexit debate, can you be 100% sure that you haven't made your son or daughter's life harder?You can only be 100% sure whether they want Brexit or not.Ask them. 
LAWSON: MAY MUST GET UP OFF HER KNEES ON BREXIT, STOP CRINGING ATTITUDE TOWARDS EUTory Lord Lawson insists Theresa May must get her act together!           #fo2eu 
ICM - How would you vote if Labour came out definitely for Brexit - Con 42% Lab 30% LD 22% 
Another consequence of #brexitreality that they kept quiet about : getting extradition of suspects to face justice in UK is jeopardised by #brexit 
MOMENT |EC President Juncker teases EP Brexit negotiator Guy Verhofstadt over his hair  
Yes, absolutely. I'm a lifelong Tory voter, well, I was until 24/6/16. Voted Lib Dem since, but I will vote for anyone who is committed to stopping Brexit. Even Labour! - and I never thought I'd see myself saying that. #StopBrexit 
Back to the Future in #Brexit Britain with the Rees-Mogg. Hanging & flogging optional (if we are lucky!). Via @PrivateEye 
Neither should the UK allow Gibraltar to be used as a pawn in Brexit talks.  
Mogg for Leader, May's Brexit balls-up and Anna Soubry's monumental meltdown.  
Given Michel Barnier's tough stance, the UK urgently needs to prepare for a no deal Brexit  
People can create as many anti-Brexit parties & write as many letters in their twitter handles as they wish. The simple truth is: if there’s NO General Election before Christmas, #Brexit is happening. Nobody but the Tories have power to stop it. Do you see them giving up power? 
As we pointed out a few weeks ago, the EU can only lose from a 'no deal' Brexit, whereas our figures show that the UK could gain £640 billion from a clean Brexit.  
In the absence of a clear lead from the top, Brexit has become a free-for-all  
I watched the discussion in a state of disbelief. I fear that Peter Bone's dismal understanding of EU economics is typical of many Brexit supporters. 
@Rachael_Swindon @UKDemockery Here's the glorious future of Brexit. A tax free dystopia full of hate, greed, homelessness and no public services. Tool Britannia  
Hi guys and gals, you saw my article in the Guardian yesterday, launching @OFOCbrexit. Things are moving. I need as many selfies as possible of anyone under 45, ideally making some kind of anti-Brexit gesture.Send them to me privately.... Ermm... Keep them clean, please? 
If you have time please comment on this article on @Anna_Soubry's attack on the rule of the Brextremists in the Tory party. It would help counter the far-right Brexit drivel cluttering the comments section #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit #WATON 
Watching #bbcdp over the months covering Brexit, there seems a policy to exclude the voices of Scotland, Wales & NI from the debate. An England only project it seems. Next #indyref, Scotland should copy this principle. #WeWillLetYouKnow  
MPs and many others, particularly Tories, who are obsessed with the idea that MPs should obey the "Will of the People" should read these definitive statements on the duties of a representative by Churchill and Burke. #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit #WATON 
.@NicolaSturgeon has written to Theresa May ahead of Cabinet Brexit talks to underline ScotGov backing for single market and calling for “urgent and meaningful discussion” with devolved govts  
Completely unacceptable - we must prepare border controls in good time for Brexit day! 
Exclusive YouGov poll shows Jeremy Corbyn will haemorrhage votes to the Lib Dems if Labour backs Brexit at next election  
"May didn’t raise a peep when the press demanded she "crush the  saboteurs", or when they branded judges "enemies of the people", or when  the governor of the Bank of England was called an "enemy of Brexit"."Quite. 
Court rejects legal bid to show Britain could stop #Brexit  
Brexit: The result of rising inequality, not rising immigration  
.@M_AndersonSF Launched "The One Thing Campaign", the campaign which is aimed at young people is about letting them talk about the "One Thing" which concerns them most about Brexit.  
Entering a 'transition period' with the EU creating laws that we must abide by is illogical and theoretically self-destructive ... Do not agree to this crap.#Brexit #Brexiteers 
It’s time to pin your colours to the mast now there’s a referendum coming in May.  I’m loving this @maserart #RepealThe8th frame you can get for your FB profiler from @thehunrealissues fB page that does just that! 
I was pleased to hold a productive meeting in conjunction with @open_Britain for EU citizens to give an update on the ongoing Brexit negotiations and answer questions from the audience. The gvt. must ring-fence EU citizens’ rights.  
Economically, #Brexit is equivalent to 19 small member states leaving theEU and the Common Market at the same time! #EPlenary #FutureOfEurope #NewDealforBritain 
The Brexit government is unable to release their migration white paper because they are unprepared and can't agree policy. Our NHS is suffering from migration uncertainty  
New poll. How is the Brexit process going?Well: 16% Neither well nor badly: 25%Badly: 53% Don’t know: 6% I wonder how similar the results would be if the Guardian put that question to members of the Cabinet? 
We DON'T need EU! Swiss exports 'at all-time high' Huge blow for Brussels as Brexit looms  
Confidence in how Brexit process is going is falling, poll suggests -  
I think Brexit will have the same effect on the main political parties as Iraq.Tories fully in favour and escape unscathed from falloutLabour decimated by infighting and bitter splitsLib Dems on the side of the angels and will pick up votes because of it. 
'Soft Brexit is dead': Nick Clegg admits his fight to keep UK in Single Market is over  
Brexit latest: we’re abolishing Freedom of Movement between the UK and EU27 to show the rest of the world how open we are to international talent.  
Jeremy Corbyn's leaked memo on Labour Brexit policy.  
It was Sir Zafrullah Khan’s compassionate plea to the world that led UN to suggest plebiscite/referendum be done in Kashmir in 1949, which unfortunately has not been done yet  
It's Brexiteers that are making over the top statements, right?Soubry: Brexit-backing MPs should be removed from the ToriesClegg: 17.4m Brexiteers are “very rich, very angry old men”Former Civil Service head: Brexiteers are crazy Nazis 
Memo to Theresa May: Brexit ain’t rocket science. We leave the EU (which means also leaving the Single Market & Customs Union). Then we offer to start talks with Brussels on a free trade deal. Job done. 
Instead of being embroiled in telling Remainers why their Brexitophobia is so wrong, I would like every Brexiteer politician to publicly list their top 5 positive Brexit outcomes. Some clues..> An enlarged export market> 100% Sovereignty> Immigration control> Laws> Freedom! 
Prepare for a HARD Brexit! ECB boss warns there could be NO Brexit transition deal  
Giving the hypocrisy of May's hate-mongering both barrels. @IanDunt on good form.Brexit is founded on this.It's not just the damage it does to the  UK economy, it's the undermining of common decency and British values May has embarked on.  
Seems @nick_clegg has abandoned the nonsense of 'Soft' Brexit (but not without the usual bigoted swipes at Leavers) perhaps he has read @JHillEU and recognises what our former EU Commissioner says must now be the reality for all sensible Remainers  
We'll be talking: Mogg for Leader, May's Brexit balls-up and Anna Soubry's monumental meltdown at 13:00 right here on Twitter. We'll see you then!  
Nick Clegg admits ‘soft Brexit is dead’  
The referendum has turned otherwise steady people into fully fledged conspiracy wackos.  This one probably has a tin hat and two pencils sticking out of his nose. #getagrip 
Civil servants crying out for a policy steer from ministers on brexit - the real background behind the (leaked) secret economic analysis. As Nicholas Soames says - #NoBadSoldiersOnlyBadOfficers. 
Hard brexit is what we voted for, anything less is betrayal. We can do a deal with the EU but it must leave this nation with no ties and fully independent. Deals voluntary, and the ability to ignore the likes of Juncker permanently. 
What is the new Grassroots Coordinating Group and what comes next? Here's my explanation of the new coalition of activists and parliamentarians fighting for the public's right to have the final say on the Brexit deal.  
The majority of Tory supporters support Brexit.But not all.The majority of Labour supporters support Remain.And are ignored.Tories fought the GE on a hard Brexit platform.And lost their majority.Labour fought the GE on a hard Brexit platform.And lost.#StopBrexit 
This is what will happen if we leave the EU Customs Union (& if we haven’t built a large no of lorry parks) @ChukaUmunna @heidi_mp @SDoughtyMP @MikeGapes  Ministers warned about repeat of Dover lorry queues after Brexit  
This is what drove past my house on #Brexit referendum day, courtesy of the then Home Secretary...  
Following hot on the heels of @OFOCBrexit's polling yesterday, here's some more from @BestForBritain on the danger to Labour of continuing with their ambiguous stance on Brexit: 
We DON'T need EU!Swiss “Exports are at an all-time high” is Huge blow for BrusselsSwitzerland now trades MORE & MORE outside the EUBy #Brexit time less than half Swiss exports will trade into EUSwiss exporters saw an increase of 4.7% in 2017#EU 
With Rees Mogg and co now driving Brexit, I think I'd like to see this photo more often.  
Time for sensible Conservative MPs like  @heidiallen75 to join @Anna_Soubry in resisting the dangerous hard-#Brexit extremist takeover of government  Write to them today!   
I am pretty amazed at the amount of people who ask J.Corbyn to stop Brexit ?  Get in touch with T. May !!!!!It...  
Tory MP & arch remoaner Anna Sourby has threatened to leave the party taking many others with her & set up a new political party if she does not get her way over Brexit. That´s good for her constituents - vote Tory get Soubry. Let her go. It will be the end of her trouble making. 
The question I would put to Anna Soubry is this: would you be prepared to quit the Tories over Brexit if it enabled a Corbyn-led Labour government to scrap the damaging neoliberal austerity polices you've consistently voted for? If not, your words mean diddly squat to me. 
For some odd reason, right wingers start scrambling when you call them right wingers. I wonder what disastrous event could be going on at the moment to make them so brexit? I mean, skittish?  
If you have any role or responsibility in relation to Brexit then read the attached to ensure you are well informed  about Customs Union  
CLEGG: I think MPs may turn around and reject Brexit deal.The battle may not yet be over!  
If you think Labour can’t achieve anything by opposing Brexit, you’re wrong.Opposition to the Poll Tax is an example of how opposition to a bad policy can get rid of it.1/  
“Wales is invisible. NI has the border, Scotland has independence, England has the City of London - we need leverage.” @Adamprice on #Brexit negotiations. #Plaid18 
. @Anna_Soubry "My frontbench [...] is in hock to 35 hard ideological Brexiters who are not Tories." Former business minister says she won’t stay in a party ‘taken over by Rees-Mogg and Johnson’ #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit #WATON 
How just-in-time production works and why Brexit looks set to break it  
Carillion ex CFO - middle east money dried up many contracts came to an end at same time and couldn't get new ones to take their place thanks to Brexit and election uncertainty. 
In what passes for a debate about Brexit I am used to the barrage of commentary that thinks it is wholly or mainly about trading arrangements when it is really about how we are governed, to whom our govt is accountable, who raises & spends the tax money & who makes the laws. 
I'd love to support @JeremyCorbyn as a leader:Robin Hood ideologySocially InclusiveRefusing to arm Saudi war-crimes Tackling North-South wealth divide in the UK Brexit policy that won't make all of the above impossible  
The NHS has missed its recruitment target for EU GPs by... Go on? Guess?80%.Brexit. We voted for other countries to give us stuff for free. There will now be a decade of bafflement for the British people as we discover that this doesn't work out.   
These kids KNOW what Brexit means for them. Less opportunity, degrading of their rights, removal of freedoms to work and learn, a smaller world instead of a big future. How about we start listening to our children for once (and give 16+ the vote while we're at it) 
And now the ideologues adopt cowardly tactic of attacking civil servants who can't answer back. Anna performing great service by standing up to them. Maybe we shall be in same party fighting #Brexit together by end year. #ExitFromBrexit #FBPE 
Half of businesses in the UK believe that skills shortages will be made worse by Brexit. 2/3 of businesses fear their business will suffer from a lack of skilled workers. Waiting for the Hard-Brexiters to now label business as the enemy of the UK... #BrexitShambles #StopBrexit 
Anna Soubry and me debate Remain Vs Leave in front of her constituents during the referendum campaign.  Leave won - in that hall, in her constituency and in the country. Please respect the result Anna  
Labour policy, as stated by Clare Hepworth, is that they recognise the referendum as flawed but respect the result.  I have asked (but no answer) why, if a process is flawed, would you respect its result. Would they respect a forensic result if the sample had been contaminated? 
Significant statement by Anna Soubry, calling time on the Rees-Mogg/Johnson hard #Brexit faction in the Conservative party.  
I don't believe it: By exiting the Customs Union due to #Brexit we are putting up trade barriers between us & our LARGEST free trade area, Europe, apparently to show the rest of the world how open we are to free trade agreements.It doesn't work like THAT!  
There is no 'watering down'. A Brexit with customs union is still Brexit. Brexit can mean many things. Rees-Mogg has no special authority to say which is the True Path.  
A Scottish judge has rejected a bid to have the European Court of Justice decide if the UK alone can revoke Art 50 and stop the Brexit process alone. 
Lord Lamont hits back at 'ridiculous' Soubry 'who tends to go over the top' about Brexit  
Jacob Rees-Mogg emerges as the Tory party’s leading voice against any watering down of Brexit  
The BBC has sacked a radio presenter who told @ZacGoldsmith that a death threat sent to an 80 year-old Brexit-supporting constituent “should have been addressed to you”  
Tories in meltdown as rebel MP threatens to QUIT and demands that Theresa May ‘gets a spine’ over Brexit  
Is there a correlation between the forcefulness of someone's Brexit views and their ignorance of what the EU actually does? #dysbrexia 
Amber Rudd still peddling the falsehood that #citizensrights issue post Brexit has been sorted. It has not. Read our long summary on outstanding issues: 
Also worth noting today when people say Brexit is all-consuming. The Government managed to extend the vote to 8million women and an extra 5million men in the middle of an ACTUAL WORLD WAR 
Sorry, but Labour has enabled Brexit and therefore is culpable. Going ahead with Brexit is, and has been since the referendum, Labour Party policy, hence it must also take responsibility.  
Anna Soubry is highlighting a real problem.Theresa May knows that the extreme nationalists in the Tory party are responsible for bringing about a Brexit she knows will hurt the UK.Choosing not to get rid of them is literally putting Party over Country. 
One day, surely, we'll all wake up from this #Brexit madness and find it was a nightmare.It cannot be a reality, that the UK's most senior politicians have so little understanding, that what they keep promising cannot be delivered in the way they claim. Can it? 
Brexit: Sturgeon accuses May of putting Tory demands ahead of national interest - Politics live  
She is toxic. The very worst of the Conservative party hating her own colleagues simply because they support Brexit  
Brexit latest: We’re putting up trade barriers between us and our biggest free trade area to show the rest of the world how open we are to free trade agreements. 
"Nothing helped Brexit more than those ludicrous estimates of the effect of Brexit on GDP. And as an economist I can tell you these micro-economic predictions are like sausages, ‘If you know how they are made you don’t want to touch them with a bargepole.’"-Varoufakis (!!) 
#Newsnight Anna Soubry threatens to resign over Brexiteers in the Conservative party. Just do it. Everyday your on TV radio trying to derail Brexit. One of the worst MPs of all time. Get it through your thick skull,  17 million voted leave we’re leaving.        
Gibraltar will not be bullied into accepting joint sovereignty between the UK and Spain as a condition for being included in a Brexit transition period  
Exclusive: Poll shows Jeremy Corbyn will haemorrhage votes to the Lib Dems if Labour backs Brexit at next election  
Kick out 35 Tory MPs - hello Prime Minister Corbyn. As Anna Soubry calls for her colleagues to be removed from her party, she continues to undermine her own government’s policy on Brexit. Hmm.  
I keep hearing that it was 'clear' what the British people voted for in the EU Referendum and yet the Government still doesn't seem able to work out what kind of Brexit it wants. 
European stocks headed for their worst drop since the aftermath of the Brexit referendum  
I used to be proud of working for the BBC but am appalled by its #Brexit bias, the polar opposite of what the BBC should be about. It will take years to remove the stain.  
Worth pointing out that there are plenty of Tories who believe Brexit should go ahead but don’t want Johnson/Mogg as leader. This is more than just Brexit 
Anna Soubry threatens to QUIT Tory party in Brexit protest and promises more will follow. Don’t Threaten, Leave now & join Limp Dems!  
Time for @UKLabour to stop playing #Brexit games, sending mixed messages & engaging in political manoeuvring. This is about the future of Britain not about short term political gain. If you’re for Brexit say so clearly so #Remain voters know where they stand. 
.@Anna_Soubry is right about the "hard ideological Brexiteers”. Find out more the about the ideology (and other motivations) of the men who bankrolled and promoted #Brexit:  #r4today 
The most egregious part of the UK government saying that a deal is completely done on acquired rights for EU27/UK citizens who moved before Brexit day is that the outstanding issues particularly concern *UK citizens in the EU27*.  
Netherlands recalls ambassador from Turkey:The spat between the Netherlands and Ankara stems from the Dutch refusal to allow Turkish ministers to campaign for a 2017 referendum. The Dutch foreign ministry said efforts to normalize relations have failed  
Our new paper reveals that all versions of #Brexit are likely to harm UK manufacturing and trade deals with non-EU countries will not make up for the loss of trade with the EU:  
.@AmberRuddHR what about the rights of us 1.2 mn @britishineurope? The @The3Million are our dear friends and colleagues but our lives are also being screwed by #Brexit and you callously never even refer to us once. Do we not matter? @MishalHusainBBC #r4today 
.@morningireland let me provide that assurance now - there will be conscientious objection provided for. Plenty of time for engagement but legislation not yet published, let alone a referendum held. 
Amber Rudd says it is “likely” that post-Brexit immigration proposals will be set out by March 2019They were promised by the end of LAST year 
Home Secretary Amber Rudd says immigration white paper will “likely” be ready by Brexit - should be ready by end of the year. That’s a delay of at least 12 months 
Yes, @Femi_Sorry is right. Corbyn claims to represent young people, but he is not representing them by opposing Brexit. Enough is enough. Time for Renewal. #RenewBritain #RethinkBrexit 
To mark #Suffrage100 some hard-right and far-right misogynists will spend the day abusing @Anna_Soubry for pointing out that Brexit should NOT be defined by a handful of self-serving extremists. 
The price of #Brexit becoming clearer every day in every sector - and UK still in the EU.  If outside the Customs Union and Single Market things will be even worse as @ScotGov paper published last month clearly shows  
Brexit does not enhance the UK's ability to trade around the world, indeed there are already signs that it will diminish it. Undeniably, Brexit means barriers to trade with the UK's biggest market.  Brexit means unemployment for hundreds of thousands of people. 
BBC news presenters faces when they have to let people speak who mention realities of this collective delusion called Brexit. Snarl, grimace and sneer all you like @BBCNews but YOU giving a platform to the hard-right and far-right encouraged this insanity. 
READ | Yay! Piles of extra unaccountable legislation to stifle British businesses, all in the name of...er...rescuing British businesses' from that Brexit cliff edge, which even Remainer economists in Whitehall cannot pretend will be that bad. 
The Financial Passport is gone (goodbye The City and a fair old chunk of our GDP) and May’s choosing the hard-right No Deal and leaving CU probably breaches Good Friday Agreement and Round 1 of Brexit Agreement.....and it is only Tuesday Morning.  
A reminder that the Irish problem still not solved & why we will be nowhere near a treaty on the future in 2019: Ireland border ‘fudge’ threatens to pull apart Brexit talks  via @financialtimes 
We will continue to prioritise Brexit over prosperity and the national interest.That is the will of the people. 
Leaked37 EU rules UK could be forced to accept during Brexit transition.One of the most contentious of the 37 directives could require every British household to have four different bins in a bid to hit unrealistic new EU recycling targets.Get OUT now. 
it was always going to be hard when the Irish fudge hits the #brexit  fan  
."Brexit risks strengthening dissident republican groups & boosting organised crime, according to 1st survey of links between terrorism & crime in the UK & Ireland.". 
I know this is just my, no doubt, biased view but have you noticed all the reasonable, level headed politicians are against Brexit and all the ideological unreasonable zealots are in favour? Is it just me? 
No Customs Union means trade barriers. Michel Barnier’s warning goes unheeded because our government is a hostage to zealots. The Brexit fiasco has now become a crisis of democracy 
Prior to Nissan’s most recent investment announcement it reportedly received an assurance from the Govt about its ability to continue to easily sell to and buy from the SM post-Brexit. Given where we are now, what must Nissan be thinking? 
Genuinely fed up with the anti-indy BritNats complaining about hard #Brexit. We do what WM tells us, that's what you want. #SuckItUp 
Possible solution to Schrodinger's Brexit: leave the customs union, but man the Irish border with stage hypnotists to convince travellers the customs checks didn't happen.  "I've got to say, Barry, that border was really frictionless." 
The British people voted to leave.What is it you don't understand?It was a massive endorsement of brexit by ordinary working people.  
Ireland border ‘fudge’ threatens to pull apart Brexit talks  
Pathetic Clegg says MPs have a "democratic duty" to block Brexit. Now he is no longer an MP - beaten by the useless Jared O'Mara - he is desperate to remain in the public eye. And he calls himself a Democrat - yeah, only if the public vote his way. 
.Read on to the end......"Irish officials were said to have been unimpressed by the UK foreign secretary's grasp of Brexit issues when he visited Dublin last November.". 
“TIME HAS COME TO MAKE A CHOICE” Yes Barnier, we already made it, back in June 2016. (Our response to Barnier's #Brexit statement yesterday:  ) 
Sorry to bore on about the customs union again but remainers need to understand that whether voters knew #Brexit meant leaving CU or not is irrelevant. The prospectus of Vote Leave was "take back control" & that does mean repatriation of key policy areas, and that includes trade. 
So tired of all of this. Can't give up & turn away, even though I just want it all to stop.Hate being forced into absolute sides. Most things are rarely clear cut. But the facts speak for themselves.Being in the EU isn't perfect by any means, but it's better than Brexit 
Looks to me like the marginal result in that bloody referendum is being used to stage a very British coup. Parliament & the people are being sidelined by the far right tory party. #r4today 
UK watchdog calls for finance pact with EU to avoid Brexit chaos  
Government delays publishing plans on post-Brexit immigration, leaving business leaders "hugely frustrated"   
Anna Soubry threatens to QUIT Tory party in Brexit protest and promises more will follow  
Armed forces paralysis due to Brexit, Rusi warns  
Ireland border ‘fudge’ threatens to pull apart Brexit talks  
Brexit may escalate a 99% price jump in Frankfurt apartments  
Lord Lamont HITS BACK at 'ridiculous' Soubry 'who tends to go over the top' about Brexit  
This is absolutely fantastic fighting talk from @anna_soubry who has, quite rightly, had enough of Rees-Mogg, Johnson etc. Please watch and RT. We need more of this please. #Brexit  
‘This is not the Tory party I joined,’ says @Anna_Soubry as she tells PM to ditch Brexit zealots. Well said. At least there is one MP fighting to save the party. Shame so many others stay silent  
He's been vague enough and Labours Brexit stance disgraceful, they've done nothing but enable the right wing Tories. Utterly clueless, feeble and in true Labour style, betraying the people who voted for them #idiots 
This poll is stuff of nightmares for Corbyn. If he continues with pro- #Brexit stance, Labour lose 1/4 of their support, which switches to the @LibDems Only way out for Corbyn is to switch to support an #ExitFromBrexit like @vincecable proposes. 
A big week this week. Today is 100yrs since women for the vote so I’m leading an amendment to do an assessment of Brexit on the Space Industry and another to curtail the Henry XIIIth power. #thisgirlcan 
Why post-Brexit UK is 'less attractive' for China  
Limit down futures last two times(a) BREXIT Vote(b) U.S. ElectionBoth turned out to be excellent buying opportunities.  Not a prediction about current scenario; just making a point about maximum fear. 
Pls do NOT make these words meaningless! Support #Biafra who had a holocaust; face ongoing 1 now. They need support for their #Referendum Lend your voice to them. Tell your leaders to speak out against Islamic govt of #Nigeria. They are our friends & allies. #Israel #USA #Biafra 
It seems neither the Tories or Labour will actually implement a real Brexit. It’s time we forced the government into it. #ForTheNation 
Blaming Trump for a stock market downturn is ridiculous. Markets have shown for years -- from Brexit to Trump's election -- a total indifference to politics. 
Brexit has been 19 months of nonsense. May presumably uses a weegee board to work out what Leavers meant because sure as shootin' many of them didn't know. As far as I can tell those who weren't putting a finger up at Gov were promised & voted for a contradiction or impossibility 
Blair, it's thanks to people like you we even have Brexit. As I'm convinced had you not lied to the Scottish public and we had voted YES, the EU referendum never would have been held.  
That EU supporter is outside Westminster. Every day in all weather's. Doing what's right, resisting tyranny. Then some Brexit thug tries to rough him up. They are rather good at that. That man deserves a Medal! 
Now is the time we must realise that the Tories are not going to implement Brexit adequately. UKIP is needed now more than ever. Vote UKIP, May 3!#ForTheNation 
Last year my incredibly astute friend over in Belgium was fairly certain from all his news sources in French & English that #Brexit would probably happen. This year he tells me that he thinks #Brexit could be stopped.It's up to us all to do whatever we can to #StopBrexit 
Hi @Anna_Soubry, thanks for your words on Newsnight.They are going to throw bricks at you, but you are not alone.Brexit has no party lines. Neither does opposing it, and if you choose to embrace fighting it over party politics I believe you will be flooded with support. 
So already South Korea and Chile have said the UK will not get the same favourable deal we presently  get as as an #EU member. The only folk surprised have got to be the economically illiterate Brexshitters.#StopBrexitSaveBritain #BrexitShambles #Remain #Brexit 
Am I the only person who thinks she should be slung out of the Conservative party? She stood on a Tory Brexit manifesto to leave the single market and customs union , she clearly lied to get elected, her constituiency voted Leave !!! 
Don’t @thatginamiller discount us over 50s from throwing our membership cards at him if he doesn’t sort this #brexit nonsense out either.  
The EU's chief Brexit negotiator has warned Britain "the time has come to make a choice" as he warned of "unavoidable" trade barriers.Let’s make a choice to #StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
This says everything you need to know about where the UK has landed. It’s no longer part of a humanist Europe, but has lost itself in the anti-humanity of the USA. Brexit is a sign of a deeper UK sickness. It needs a cure. But the cure is not Brexit.#FBPE 
The BBC is putting its very future at risk over its pro-Brexit bias and allowing their Brexit supporting political presenters free reign to tailor questions & themes to help Hard Brexit ... It will NOT be forgotten!  
Hmmm. Why haven't the Lib Dems stopped brexit yet ?..Could it be that they cant out vote the Tories..IN JUST THE SAME WAY AS LABOUR CAN'TAre you getting it yet? 
Hundreds of thousands of UK jobs at risk from Brexit. @MichelBarnier says that, after Brexit, "the financial passport is gone". That's not just City jobs at stake - it's jobs all over the country at risk. Brexit is madness. #StopBrexit. #FBPE 
Brexit hit to UK food prices pushes up spending in January - BRC retailers group #stopbrexit  
Yes, I noticed him complain about his fellow Tories being called traitors, Supreme Court judges being called 'enemies of the people,' and 48% of those who voted in the Referendum, 'citizens of nowhere - not! 
What could take the market down?? Brexit? Nah. Trump? Nah. Natural disasters? Nah. Isis terrorist attacks? Nah. Rising interest rates? Nah. Eagles win the Super Bowl? That would do it!! #EndOfTheWorld 
Good to hear a Tory standing up for their traditional, business first, liberal values. Makes you realise how swivel eyed JRM and his Brexit Taliban really are. #FBPE 
I’ll tell you what else is disgraceful, Jeremy: Labour not fighting against Brexit, which will wreck our economy, taking away billions of pounds which could go into the NHS and other public services.  
Brexit undermining UK armed forces, defence expert warns  
Hang on a minute. @Anna_Soubry was calling out people critiscing her #brexit views a couple of weeks back and she played the victim well.So why is she criticising people she herself disagrees with here? It makes her hypocritical, surely?  
But it does grate to hear Tate & Lyle-sponsored apologists for Big Sugar who bankrolled Brexit because they want to put domestic beet farmers out of business accuse anyone of being a “vested interest” 
How do you think Brexit is going? Is the government doing a good job at leaving? 
What’s truly remarkable is the sustained attack on Brexit by the BBC via programs Newsnight and R4’s Today and PM show.  They’ve gone all in to try to confuse the public regarding the point of the vote(clear in/out vs a suggestion to parliament) and paint Brexit voters as bigots 
Loud applause @Anna_Soubry I totally agree #skypapers #newsnight @BBCNews @SkyNews @LBC @toryboypierce @iancollinsuk #r4today #GMB #VictoriaLive #bbcdp #brexit #Brexitshambles #OurNHS #NHSLove @bbc5live #pmqs #bbcqt @DailyMirror 
How the UK's anti-Brexit 'Renew' party is similar to Macron's En Marche!  
Labour’s vote share would plummet from today’s 42% to just 30% if the party is seen to side with Conservatives in going ahead with #Brexit. LibDems could rise to 22%. #StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON 
I agree. Brexit is the single most important issue of my time. Corbyn's dreams count for nothing if we have a hard Brexit.  
I have maintained since Day 1, #DUP want a ‘Hard Border’ even tho public does not. Look at their historical decision making. Everything they support/oppose is decided by a simple question. ‘Does it put us closer or further away from a United Ireland?’ #Brexit #DUPCoalition 
This from April 2016, before the advisory referendum. Scaremongering?  quitting means less money for the NHS not more 
Keep going @Anna_Soubry - I am not a Tory at all (never will be), but recognise that many people in this country are. They (and the rest of us) need some sensible, pragmatic & reasonable Tories speaking up and saving the UK from the shit-storm #Brexit fanatics are sailing us into 
Met @CreativeIndust. Concern over #Brexit impact on #Copyright protection, #DigitalSingleMarket , #dataprotection , free movement of staff. Key industry with 6% of labour force and sustained growth 
Remember at uni when you stayed up all night and handed in an assignment minutes before the deadline? - Literally what Britain did with the Brexit withdrawal agreement. Remember when you said you'd learn from your mistakes but never did? - Yep, that's what Britain is doing now. 
Brexit is collapsing under the weight of its own lies and contradictions. The Brextremists have no plan beyond anti-EU ideology. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
You're welcome to film our peaceful protest whenever you like. We'd like it if you & other members of your party would come & listen to our views & concerns about #Brexit & the effects that this will have on our collective future rather than complaining about our presence. 
We NEED to Talk About Those Who Would Gain from a Hard Brexit THEN we need to get their filthy money-grubbing hands away from the whole process. These greedy, self-serving con artists are FAR from being patriots. #Newsnight 
In saner times, a Govt that lost our valuable financial passport, brought job reducing trade barriers & an inevitable border to NI, all in one day, wouldn't get to the weekend.As it is, tomorrow is another day on Brexit island and we are one day closer to decline.#StopBrexit 
How can Pique get investigated for his celebration and Carvajal wasn't for showing his middle finger towards our fans in the Clasico (which is worse)? Or Alba against Sociedad? It's clear they hate his political views about Catalan referendum and that's what really hurts them. 
"What we're watching is literally a battle within the Conservative Party about what it wants for Brexit" says Vice-President of the European Parliament @MaireadMcGMEP #newsnight 
Has any MP or major journalist asked why Theresa May rushed to New York to see Rupert Murdoch so soon after becoming PM?Why has this question, which concerns who governs our country, not been asked?A huge #Brexit scandal passed over in silence.  #StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON 
Tory Brexit,bad;Labour Brexit,good.They looked from pig to man,& man to pig,& pig to man again;but it was impossible to say which was which 
In all this talk of potential economic effects of leaving the customs union remember this: if leaving the EU costs us only 0.5% growth a year that'll be worth £14bn. Or more than all of our EU budget contrubutions. #Brexit 
That’s the best news I’ve  heard today, Anna will leave the party and let the real Tories run it. Brexit just keeps giving,hope she takes the rest of the Tories who don’t respect the will of UK majority voters. 
Hosted a table full of Banking execs tonight, mostly all from overseas. All of them understood/sympathised with our Brexit position, appreciated leavers are NOT anti-Europe, and that the EU has become bloated/arrogant. Very refreshing to hear, and vindicate my Leave vote!! 
I have just written to my MP @KateHoeyMP urging her to either work against Brexit or resign. With the evidence now clear that Brexit will damage the future of the UK it is wrong for MP's to go on advocating the project. Fight against Brexit or resign. 
EU slaps a tariff of 30% on processed cocoa imports & an eyewatering 60% on some refined cocoa imports. The EU thus massively disincentivizes the growth of industry in cocoa-growing third-world countries.Why should Britain be part of this cartel? #LeaveCustomsUnion#Brexit  
In a more rational world where evidence and expert opinion is sought and highly prized #Brexit would have long since been consigned to the dustbin of history. Where it so richly deserves to be sent. 
seriously we thought we could have a nice little republic, but we fucked it up and we know it, what do you say UK, wanna take us baaa---**U.K. implements Hard Brexit, raises laser fence around their entire island**-- oh right. Shit. 
Soubry constituents voted leave. The majority voted leave. Conservative manifesto was for leave. (And labours) May has repeated several times we will leave EU. SM. CU. its not hard brexit ideology. It conservative policy. 
Interesting the widespread loss of patience I’m seeing now with @jeremycorbyn’s endless procrastination on Brexit.  
I've noticed that Theresa May, the Sun and Daily Mail have all loudly used the word "sneering" in the context of the 'liberal elite' 'sneering' at ordinary people. Has the use of this divisive and hate-inciting rhetoric been coordinated?#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit #WATON 
Trying to come up with a word that captures the simultaneously dishonest and incompetent approach being taken to the Brexit negotiations. The nearest I can get is "Numbskullduggery". Any offers? 
The Border is a small issue, says Mr Gudgin. Might be to you, sir, it damn well isn’t to us #brexit The Irish border issue must be kept in perspective  via @prospect_uk 
Nothing (other than Brexit itself) currently worries me more than this man. From attacks on Civil Service to meeting Bannon to this  ... 
Tick-Tock Tick-Tock - It’ll be another midnight in Strasbourg - but need to raise Brexit after British Gov said Britain will not be part of Single Market or Custom UnionFull regulatory alignment for Ireland means the north must stay in both Irish Gov must ensure this happens  
This busts the final myth about Brexit being a gateway to a 'Global Britain'. We're already on warning from South Korea that if we Leave the EU they want to downgrade our existing trade deal, not improve it. #StopBrexit 
Great clarity on post Brexit trade with EU from @DanielJHannan - Cabinet ministers could spend three minutes watching and save us lots of hassle 
Anna Soubry has just said, we did not vote for a hard Brexit which looks likely. As you know from my previous tweets, i do not like this woman. I hope one day she will learn, to keep her mouth shut, and accept the result for what it was. Anna Soubry we are Leaving without you. 
By all means, tweet prolife views from the @ireland account, but drop the act. You're here with a purpose and that is to act as a foreign agent in our referendum process. Engage with us honestly on that basis. 
There appears to be a concerted campaign to big up @BorisJohnson across the Brexit press that can only end in tears.  
Cloth Ears Barnier:“Time has come to make choice”Listen!We already told you over 18 months agoWe DON'T want your Laws, Customs Union or Single MarketAnd we're taking back control of our money & bordersWe're LEAVING!Au Revoir!Goodbye!#Brexit #EU 
Is this why support for independence is plummeting? People genuinely do not want to hear the SNP constantly threatening a second independence referendum. It was rejected 2014. Get over it.  
$SPY volume was $77b today, that's 5th highest ever, blows Brexit away. Stuff hitting the fan levels. H/t @JSeyffs4  
Mario Draghi is warning banks and regulators to prepare for the possibility that there will be no Brexit transition deal  
Exclusive: Leaked Whitehall paper reveals the 37 EU laws that Britain could be forced to accept during transition after Brexit  
Ruling out a customs union with the EU is a 'profound mistake', says @hilarybennmp.Chair of Brexit committee warns that it could both harm the economy and risk conflict in Northern Ireland.Our best option is to #StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
TBH Maria I’d be broadly sympathetic, it must not be very nice facing all this hostility & suspicion.Then I remember that you wanted to come this country & campaign in a referendum to force us to live by your dogma & deny thousands of Irish women their bodily autonomy, so...  
BREXIT: 'It's your DUTY' - Nick Clegg insists MPs must block the UK from leaving the European Union / #EU #Brexit  
They are clearly losing the argument so have to stoop to this kind of shocking behaviour #brexit  
@BhmUK looking for young people under 25 yrs to write max 300 words for #Windrush70 commemorative magazine. What are your hopes ,fears and aspirations of multicultural Britain in a post Brexit world? Further details patrick.vernon@blackhistorymonth.org.uk copy deadline 10th March  
Ros Altmann on Brexit: 'Some people in Tory party think this is game of bluff'  via @krishgm 
100k overseas application to UK unis, first time ever! Britain is full of racists, xenophobes, it's economy is going down the toilet after Brexit. Let's go there to study and work - say EU youth?#despiteBrexit 
Oh but yes, please scream a bit more about George Soros and all the 'millions' he's pumping into the #RepealThe8th campaign when we are literally seeing anti choice groups fly people into the country and PAY them to stay here for the duration of the referendum campaign. 
Germany's biggest trading partner is China ,2nd biggest is USANo Single market , No Customs union , no Free trade agreements, no fees , no FOM , no ECJ , no Union They trade on WTO rules with bi lateral agreements Leave now#Brexithttps://t.co/riY9VjgehU?amp=1 
“Dear Jeremy Corbyn, young people need your help to halt Brexit”You’re fighting to fix the broken society our generation has inherited. That means fighting to stop Brexit, too. - @Femi_Sorry#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Interested as to why the @ireland account was given to an American, specifically in this country to interfere with an Irish referendum, without admitting as much. We can do better than this.  
What kind of negotiator opens negotiations by saying there can be no negotiation?  #Barnier #Brexit #CustomsUnion 
Twitter show me a metaphor for Brexit...  
I’m pleased to announce that there’s a new anti-Brexit student movement @OFOCBrexit, of which I’ve helped to launch. If you’re passionate about preserving the immense opportunities within the EU, then please join us! This is @Femi_Sorry’s letter to Jeremy Corbyn in The Guardian! 
Senior lawyer warns: Staying in the Customs Union after Brexit would leave UK "significantly worse off than it is at present" (1) bound by EU common rules (2) unable to operate an independent international trade policy & (3) with no vote on these matters  
Michel Barnier warns UK of 'unavoidable' post-Brexit trade barriers. Yes, we will put Tariffs on Audi, BMW, VW & Mercs! That’s 20% of German cars coming to UK!  
Steven, we'll have to agree to disagree on Brexit. You're saying that if the majority win a democratic vote they should be ignored and it should be repeated until they see sense. Why aren't Remainers concerned about people coming who want to change  our culture and way of life?  
BREAKING: European Central Bank President Mario Draghi says the bank has no choice but to brace for the possibility that the UK will exit the European Union without a transitional agreement.- Bloomberg #Brexit 
Crops left to rot as EU workers drop by 10 - 20% & remember this is happening before a hard Brexit has even happened. It is sheer folly to leave the single market & customs union. #BrexitShambles 
Thousands of tonnes left rotting in fields. #brexit #labour #value We need a rethink on our food system.? 
I have got my Irish passport, specifically because of #Brexit. Something I never considered doing before. There was no need. Now, as every day passes, I feel more "Irish", and less British...I don't recognise what Britain has become. 
We voted to leave on the 23/6/16.We leave on 29/3/19.But little will change until 2021, if then.This is not the #Brexit we voted for. 
O look Jesus, this whole Brexit thing is nonsense and increasingly obviously so. The question is not whether it's a good idea - it's not - but how we sort out what people who voted for it actually need and want. Because ffs it's not this mess. 
Of course there are sensible Tories but everyone is cowed by loud Leavers threats. However we can't treat our great country so flippantly any more. Be honest about impacts of #Brexit. It's not what the Leave campaign promised  
Vix is now spiking to its highest since the Chinese currency devaluation of 2015 - worse than Brexit referendum, Grexit crisis, anything else in the last 5 years. That looks a tad overdone.  
So @AlanJWager and I have written a piece on Brexit and British Politics  1/ 
2-0! It’s a massacre! Get it on the honours board. Headed in by the Bulgarian sub whose name escapes me. Brexit Blades won’t like that 
#BreakingNews#StockMarketFallDow plunge tops 600 points as market selloff intensifiesDow was down 659.61 points, at 24,861.38, or 6.6% off its Jan. 26 record high. The broader S&P 500 also is now down more than 5% for the first time since Brexit.  
What @theresa_may and @DavidDavisMP imagines their 'Brexit deal' would be, versus the stark reality  
Ultimately this UK Brexiter argument that Freedom of Movement is wrong because it’s prejudiced against non-Europeans is a misnomer.What they really mean is they want UK to be able to be as nasty to Europeans who move to UK as UK is to everyone else.#Brexit 
Minister avoids more Brexit confusion by not having a plan | John Crace  
Growing pressure and movement here in the UK to dispose the incumbent PM May along with her ‘remainer’ acolytes by the ‘Three Brexiteers’. Many say she has mere weeks left >Incompetent handling of Brexit negotiations. Maybe Trump KNOWS something is coming. 
Hey congrats to @realDonaldTrump for trying to screw with China, Tariffs, NK, #NunesMemo, TPP, #Nafta & trade in general... #ArtofTheDeal baby! You love boasting about #StockMarket the 2 biggest drops since #Brexit belong to u! #Maga pic.twitter.com/dtLoSXF8mO 
They consistently mistake false balance for impartiality, it’s not being biased to say the Earth is round, it’s not being biased to say that Brexit will fuck up our economy, both are facts, unless those opposing have evidence, they’ve no right to exposure. 
The working class voted for Brexit. It was the monied, elite, who wanted to remain as they are unaffected by cheap labour & over crowded services. Look at the Brexit map, Red is leave.  
Brexiteers are “very rich, very angry older men” says “Sir” Nick Clegg in a speech in Brussels. Then urges MPs to block Brexit. What a scumbag traitor. Utterly wrong and utterly undemocratic. A nice touch to say it to foreigners while abroad. Filth  
Johnson, Gove and Rees-Mogg are our Brexit Dream Team too, says EU 
The Civil Service are using absurdly pessimistic Brexit policy assumptions to ‘cook’ its anti-Brexit results, says Professor Patrick Minford of @Econs4FreeTrade 
I never voted for anything called Brexit.  I voted to leave the EU completely and unconditionally.  Soubry and her Remoaner mates can spin that any way they like, and call it whatever they like.  But all I wanted then, and all I want now, is to be out of the EU. Nothings changed. 
On #C4news former Tory minister @rosaltmann tells us her party is being held to ransom on Brexit by about thirty MPs like @PeterBoneUK who - she’s says - don’t understand how things like customs union work and are making the Govt an international laughing stock 
Minister avoids more Brexit confusion by not having a plan | John Crace  
Well said @Femi_Sorry. "Like you, we are appalled by the problems our society faces. But leaving the EU will only exacerbate these issues" We need your help @jeremycorbyn to stop Brexit before it stops Britain @the75percent @OFOCBrexit 
Lots of shite flung around today about #Labour "losing the next election" unless they stop Brexit.Brexit is due before the next election.Stop trying to divide opposition to the Tories, we've got to get rid BEFORE Brexit, unite or die. 
Brilliant (and disturbing) appraisal of the internal Tory politics of Brexit, by @rafaelbehr  
Some of this Brexit stuff coming from Peter Bone (& others) is worthy of a Bird & Fortune sketch.#c4news 
Ros Altman hits the nail on the head. 40 or 50 Brexit MPs, who have no idea how the world works, are turning the UK into a laughing stock. #channel4news 
When you see Peter Bone pontificating on #c4news as a leading representative of the Brexit class you realise how far we've fallen as a country (and how far we could still go). 
Brexit gangs can launch insults with impunity to the EU. Peter Bone on Ch. 4 "this dreadful EU". Suppose that EU people go round and say on their news channels: "this dreadful England, this terrible England". Even that they're right, it would cause an outrage all over. 
Just a reminder that the blame for the EU vote and resulting Brexit chaos is due entirely to the internal squabbles and self -interests of the Conservative Party. We can show our enternal gratitude to them by ensuring that they NEVER form another Govt. Please RT?  
Another superb piece from @rafaelbehr. What's happening now goes well beyond anything discussed during, or entailed by, the 2016 Referendum 
The ultras' drive to crush counter-revolution is out of all proportion to actual opposition to Brexit.  
Voting for #Brexit won’t get your country back, wrote journalist and @Reasons2Remain founder @Jon_Danzig before the #EUReferendum. Today we’re republishing his article from @IndyVoices of 13 June 2016. Please share. Link:  #FBPE 
For those wondering: yeah it’s pretty bloody terrifying. Every audition I go to on mainland Europe now, the first thing they ask is if I hold another EU member nation passport. Our government thinks the status quo will remain. Their govts KNOW it won’t. #brexit 
I believe Brexit will be disastrous for the British people. If I'm wrong, I will look foolish. I can live with that.But Brexiters, if you're wrong, you damage your children's future. Can you live with that? Your grandkids won't forgive you. Turn back now. #FBPE #Finalsay 
The majority opinion..Will has shifted solidly to #Remain..the problem is both main parties refuse to allow the Will of 37% of voters to be changed...nor providevthe means to exercise that right...Binding #FinalSay 2018 to Confirm #Brexit or #StopBrexit. 
Ah the Moggster! From harmless Eton loon to Goebbels in one step. And now, like Mosley, he calls the hard men in tocover his flanks. Brexit - a right wing coup voted for by those with most to lose.  
YOU and JEREMY, have the power to stop this insanity, Keir.When are you both going to step up and DO THE RIGHT THING?!Just because an advisory referendum was narrowly “won” on LIES does NOT make following through on it the right thing to do.PLEASE STOP THIS MAD BREXIT!  
“The time has come to make a choice” - @MichelBarnier’s statement in London today following his #Brexit working lunch with @DavidDavisMP:  
This is not a drill folks. The only bluff and bluster in brexit is coming from the brexiters thrmselves, aided and abetted by Tory and Labour leaderships.  
Good to have further discussions about the Brexit negotiations with chief EU negotiator, Michel Barnier, in London today.  
The only multi-tasking party with a range of Policies addressing concerns of the decent majority.BREXIT a top priority,but not the only one.#UKIP a single issue party,unable to identify 'elephant in the room'calling us who do nazis @AMDWaters #Deplorables 
Bit embarrassing that we’re still at the “European leader patiently explains the absolute fucking basics to David Davis” phase of Brexit.  
Here's the message which will be on the #Brexit bus of truth coming to #Kent on 28th February more details at  @Labour4EU @EK_EuropeanMove @grahambsi @JohnHowarth1958 @GreenKeithMEP @catherinemep @RichardAshMEP @RosieDuffield1 @louisepots @elucas001 
I've blocked a lot of so called Remainers because they are ultimately anti-Tory rather than anti-Brexit. I criticise ALL Leavers. From every party. I welcome anyone who, like me, puts remaining in the EU above their personal party preferences. This account is ONLY about Brexit. 
And yet Davis' response - that a 'bespoke deal' can somehow avoid the choice - shows that it does. Regardless of whether you're pro or anti Brexit, it's just an unbelievable farrago of incompetence to refuse or be incapable of understanding the basic realities of what's involved. 
Ann Soubry just said a Hard Brexit was not what we voted for! Yet her Constituents like 17.4 M voted knowingly to Leave EU, Leave Customs Union, Leave Single Market! What planet is she on? 
Sums up this government that @DrPhillipLeeMP was disciplined for calling on the government to be led by “evidence, not dogma” in its approach to #Brexit.  One of the most sensible things a Conservative MP has said throughout these negotiations #FBPE #ExitFromBrexit 
More evidence that @jeremycorbyn must join the @LibDems in opposing the Conservatives’ damaging hard Brexit if he really wants the best for the UK  
MP @Jacob_Rees_Mogg is portrayed as polite. However, he rudely ignores one journalist.I've asked often: As a rich fund manager would you gain from a hard Brexit?ANDDo you know the hard-right 'activist' who hit a woman in front of you? He's been named as #PaulTownsley 
Here is Johnson's promise on the Single Market during one of the referendum debates. At the same time he condemned "Project Fear". Oh for a court of law that deals with lying politicians.  
This is it folks - in black & white. The EU cant be clearer than this. #Brexit marks the start of the decline of London as the financial hub of the european financial area. Dont say you wernt warned.  
George Galloway - If #Brexit is destroyed, the people’s verdict will have been betrayed. It will never be forgiven and incalculable damage will have been inflicted by the political class.  
Classic example of current @GovUK preference for “fudge” - scared to offend hard right #Brexiteers by being too open and the rest of us by being too harsh they just refuse to say or do anything until it is too late to object.  Thus #Brexit will happen by stealth…..  
The perfect metaphor for the Brexit negotiations right now.  
Visiting European Banking Authority @EBA_News today. Preparedness for #Brexit is key. All competent authorities and market operators have to prepare now. When the UK leaves the single market, the  financial passport is gone.  
If Varadkar really wanted to mess with the May government he could go out and put legislation in place ensuring that any final EU trade deal with the UK would have to be ratified by a referendum in Ireland 
Time for hard questions. What is the Brexit dividend? ( non-existent). With whom are Free Trade Agreements to be signed in services  ?( dont exist) How is frictionless trade to happen outside a customs union?(Impossible) Spineless government in total denial 
Hopefully @BBCRadioLondon is NOT OK with one of their presenters (@HangingBabylon) telling @ZacGoldsmith that the DEATH THREAT sent to his 80yr old constituent because they voted for #Brexit, should’ve been sent to Zac instead. The @BBC needs to address this behaviour. 
It's almost like their ridiculous position on Brexit is eroding their support.  
EU Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier says "the time has come" for the UK to make a choice on whether to be part of the customs union & warns "being outside means there will be unavoidable barriers to trade"So how does USA, Brazil, china, Japan, India manage to trade with the EU 
UK faces 'unavoidable' Brexit trade barriers if it quits customs union  
Dominic Grieve MP - “We are heading for a very unsatisfactory outcome for our country that will not deliver the benefits that have been touted for leaving the EU which I’m afraid is going to deliver in the short to medium term serious economic damage to our country.” 
Give it another year and Brexit will be framed as something the EU has done to the UK. 
The biased Bbc STILL peddling doom and gloom about brexit.. Government needs to break it up and sell it off piecemeal..  
EU tells Britain - Time has come to make a Brexit choice  
Have you noticed the Brexit Taliban sounding more and more unhinged in the face of facts and evidence, prep[ared to destroy our country and their own lives based on their irrational and ridiculous beliefs #brexittaliban 
Almost 600 days since the Brexit referendum and we still don’t know what Britain actually wants from the negotiations. The UK has been purely reactionary and has just been responding to what the EU says. We are leaving and not offering a clear plan? How does that make any sense?! 
Another snag for #TheresaMay’s  #brexit plans (or lack of them): #trade partners across the globe demand concessions for any rollover to Britain of existing EU trade agreements if we leave #CustomsUnion , even for transitional period: 
Lord Lawson - "If we don’t get a special deal with the EU, a free trade deal, that's by no means the end of the world. "The main benefit from leaving is we are in control of our own legislation and our own regulatory system." #Brexit  
New anti-Brexit party to be launched in UK with inspiration and help from France #FBPE #BinBrexit  via @TheLocalFrance 
If Jeremy Corbyn was listening to party members, he would know that the vast majority want not just a fresh referendum, they want to stay in the EU.    
“The Treasury have come out with basically the same flawed analysis that they did during the referendum." #Brexit  
What Tory-gloaters fail to understand about this poll is that Corbyn's campaigning ability and hugely increased policy exposure during elections could add 5% to this figure. Tories have no popular policies bar Brexit, so once we leave the EU, their numbers will plummet.  
Sadly I agree. @Femi_Sorry is being honest and telling young people what they will lose if #Brexit goes ahead; @jeremycorbyn is avoiding the issue & dodging it in an attempt to keep their votes. #OurFutureOurChoice #FBPE #FinalSay @UKLabour 
Even across the pond I don't see any coherent arguments. As a non-Brit my views don't really matter but I struggle to see how Brexit can possibly help. 
#NHS unable to get staff, food rotting in the fields, low value of the pound causing hardship for millions. Thousands of comapnies unable to fill jobs vacancies. The Tories clueless on #Brexit. What a utter disaster for us all. @Theresa_May 
When Brexit begins to bite:When your job is on the lineWhen the NHS queues get longer,& you cannot see a doctorWhen prices rise,and fresh food is in short supplyWhen your holiday plane does not flyWhen you inevitably ask, Why?Remember this.YOU FUCKING VOTED FOR IT!!!! 
The fantasists in Govt would drag us all off a cliff to the tune of Rule Britannia if we let them, then no doubt blame everyone else as we hit the rocks.Millions of livelihoods, hopes and aspirations sacrificed at the altar of Brexit. Lunacy.  
We voted to LEAVE. There was no such thing as hard or soft Brexit until remoaners invented it in a desperate attempt to still get their own way even though they lost. 
Paul Heckingbottom, now that's a Granite Brexit name, Don Revie would be proud. No fancy European manager needed for success. Good luck son! 
I still haven’t heard any coherent argument for Brexit in all thesemonths. It’s like the medieval dream of the return of King Arthur. When it happens, everything will be alright, and we’ll be great again & free. No mere mortal can say how or why- it’ll just be wonderful magic. 
Wealth inequality was behind Brexit vote | Letters  
@Anna_Soubry hi Anna I voted brexit as a protest, I bitterly regret my decision, I don’t know anyone who supports this madness, you are doing great work and important work for the UK, please keep going, I believe if there was another vote we would definitely be staying in 
"The party’s stated goal is a ‘jobs-first Brexit’. We have yet to see a major speech or statement on what that would look like."  
The British people did not vote on 23 June 2016 for Tory chaos and confusion on Brexit. We deserve another say when (if) @theresa_may gets a deal from the EU @Labour4EU @labour4europe @jeremycorbyn 
Remaining in the EU Customs Union after Brexit would be a political and economic disaster  
You might have thought she was busy with Brexit, but nope - she's on it. 
UK close to political meltdown, Tories at war, Customs Union matter is causing consternation & there’s a real sense of crisis. So BBC news outlets all leading with story about British hacker who won’t be extradited. It’s as though Beeb don’t want ppl to face truth about Brexit 
We used to wonder how Nazism could have taken hold of a leading Western country. The last 2 years in Britain and the USA have given us a very large part of the answer. The struggle against #Brexit is part of a larger struggle to save democracy.#FBPE 
Enough. MPs get off your self-serving knees and think of your country. You too @jeremycorbyn Ditch Brexit before all is destroyed. 
People supporting #FBPE appreciate what you are saying @MichelBarnier The UK Government does not represent us or the majority of our MPs or indeed the majority in the country. #Brexit is being driven by an extremist minority. #NotInOurNames#StopBrexit 
Barnier issues MAJOR Brexit trade warning as he urges Britain to 'make a choice'. We made a Choice, Were Leaving! If EU want to sell us £70bn a year, stop trying to Dictate!  
Watch Davis at the end of this clip........I’ve said this before and I’ll say it again, it’s all just a big hoot for him, he knows he’ll still be stinking rich after Brexit, the rest of us however........  
Brexit really is the perfect example of putting lipstick on a pig. There is nothing you can do to Brexit to make it positive, and the two main parties are simply contorting themselves with all their other clever "policies" without realising that nothing else matters except Brexit 
Tory Brexiteers attack the institutions that maintain our democracy, the civil service, judiciary, Bank of England and Parliament in the pursuit of a hard Brexit. They are taking our country into a very dark place indeed.  
Davis says U.K. was “very clear” on Brexit, but Barnier calls his bluff  
.@theresa_may will fight a proposal to give rights to EU citizens during the transition period. At the same time, there is a huge shortfall of NHS staff, with almost 10,000 EU workers quitting since the #Brexit vote.  
This paragraph from @afplondon's Barnier wrap tells you all you need to know about the semantic madness of Brexit  
Theresa May & David Davis welcomed Michael Barnier to Downing Street as the EU try to accelerate Brexit negotiations. The time has come to make a choice - but Tories still don't know what the end goal is, with every option being damaging to the UK. We need to #StopBrexit now!! 
Needs to be said because it is true .  Those barriers will cost time, money and, ultimately, jobs in every part of the UK. That is the reality of the PM’s capitulation to the #Brexit zealots. She may have saved her skin for a while but ordinary families will suffer greatly.  
.@Anna_Soubry hints heavily to me that she and others will vote down the Brexit deal in parliament if it involves leaving the - or a - customs union: “we will put our constituents first”. 
Unbelievable. An anonymous death threat to someone in their 80s, simply for having a different view on #Brexit . I hope the Police are aware and will find the sender and prosecute to the fullest extent of the law  
The City of London is in a strong position to maintain its status as the world’s financial capital. Many of the City’s strengths are deeply embedded and therefore “Brexit-proof”, says @DrGerardLyons  
When Brexit finally dies, we need to make sure we don't go back to where we were. The disquiet expressed by many Leave voters needs to be addressed. We've been living in an unstable, unequal society for too long. 
Whenever leading (some cruelly suggest: only) economist for #Brexit Patrick Minford releases a new study, I like to share his pre-referendum prediction of how a trade deal will take less than two years because the EU will plead for help and we’ll take pity on them cos we’re nice.  
If you fancy checking how Brexit is going, watch this running total of what we are spending on it every second.With suggestions on where else that money could be focussed, right now#SaveOurNHS #BrexitShambles #BrexitReality #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Labour MUST be stronger on this - there is NO mandate for a hard Brexit. If Corbyn wants a "jobs first" Brexit, he must pledge to stay in the customs union and point out that the govt's position risks the Good Friday Agreement and makes NO sense. 
We've already made a choice on #Brexit you cloth eared twit ... We don't want any part of your monopolised Ponzi scheme any more. Now give us our cash back and watch yourself implode ! #Brexiteers Forever ! 
MUST READ by a former health Minister on the affects of #Brexit on the NHS  
See? He CAN hold things to account when he wants to.Where are the tweets about Brexit and leaving the single market and the customs union, Jezza?  
Watch this and weep. Whatever your original reasons for voting for Brexit, that ship has sailed. At the helm now are Capt Xen o'Phobe & 1st Officer RA Cist, steering a course to wreck & ruination. If you are still on board with SS Brexity then you are quite frankly, fucking mad.  
MUST-WATCH: Dominic Grieve on why to avoid a hard border in NI, we must retain regulatory alignment with EU. He is also clear that he still believes Brexit is 'a great error for the country'.Brexit is reversible if people change their minds. Pls RT so everybody knows:  
The UK will be outside the customs union and the single market in the "longer term", Brexit secretary @DavidDavisMP says.As Michel Barnier says that "barriers to trade in goods and services are unavoidable outside the customs union and the single market." 
The mate of Jacob Rees-Mogg who attacked a young lady was also seen in nazi uniform, this chap is obviously of the far right which is now infiltrating the tory party, coupled with division, hatred, xenophobia, casual racism, this is #Brexit Britain, we should all be worried. 
Unbelievable. An anonymous death threat to someone in their 80s, simply for having a different view on Brexit. People like this attack our democracy - and are total creeps of the lowest order  
Michel barnier has warned Britain now is the time to make a choice on brexit, is it just me or did 17.4 million people already make that choice june 23rd 2016 ? . 
I wish people would stop moaning about how HARD the next 3-4 months are going to be wrt the referendum and start focusing on how AMAZING it's going to be to all come together and be our best selves for the cause of human rights and bodily autonomy. #repealthe8th 
Would it be churlish to point out that Corbyn is not leading the Tories in the polls now never mind about the disillusioned youth vote that may happen? Also the next election will be after Brexit.Labour need a new leader and they need one fast. 
Either Theresa May ends up resigning in the next week or hard brexit is definitely happening. Are the Tories actually going to lose passporting rights for the City? Looks like it. 
.@MichelBarnier could not have been clearer on #brexit today in his meeting with @DavidDavisMP "Without a customs union, outside the single market, barriers to trade on goods and services are unavoidable.” @Open_Britain - #brexit is reversible as facts become clearer 
"It also means that a #Brexit immigration bill, promised in the Queen’s speech, will not reach the statute book before the registration of @The3Million EU nationals already living and working in Britain gets under way this autumn." 
The UK will be outside the customs union and the single market in the "longer term", #Brexit secretary David Davis says 
Worrying to hear that 80% of the UK’s Creative Industries are not confident that Britain will maintain its leading global reputation post #Brexit and over 21% say that a ‘no deal’ outcome would make them consider moving part or all of their business abroad. 
EU chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier says "the time has come" for the UK to make a choice on whether to be part of the customs union and warns "being outside means there will be unavoidable barriers to trade" 
The British public are sleeping passengers in an airplane heading for a Brexit crash, piloted by the Gov't, Corbyn the co-pilot, and Parliament the crew. The passengers rely on the crew for their safety. The crew mostly know the danger but expect passengers to take over the plane 
Hard Brexit is the only thing that would save UK tax avoiders from any new EU directives to curtail that and money laundering.  This is why we must ask people pushing hard Brexit, like @Jacob_Rees_Mogg, if they would gain from a crazy hard Brexit. 
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn on being told he must make a clear policy decision on Brexit, the Customs Union and the Single Market.  
I would bet that on my own I've launched more fierce attacks on Tory #Brexit in the last week than @jeremycorbyn has made since June 23 2016.I might be wrong, but I doubt by much!#WATON#StopBrexit #FBPE 
So here we have Robert Mercer's three #Brexit stooges.Mercer is the billionaire backer of Breitbart news & the Republican power broker who helped Donald Trump into the Whitehouse.He is now perhaps the greatest individual threat to the values of democracy, tolerance & respect.  
Yet another poll that shows Scots reject the status quo. Tories and Labour should drop their Brexit obsession. We said REMAIN in 2016 and we meant it.   
The EU's Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier has said Britain must respect the Union's "red lines". It is quite clear these 'lines' are just brazen attempts to keep Britain as close to the Single Market and Customs Union as possible, whilst extracting £billions of taxpayers' money! 
Delighted to hear Ireland won't accept invitation by Empire Mk2 Anglosphere HardBrexiteers in England (mainly!) to help destroy the EU peace & prosperity project. Irexit is going nowhere & rightly so. Irish have more common sense. Farage's promise to export Brexit isn't happening  
Please find below @GregHands response to claims about the UK’s discussions with EU trade partners to transition trade agreements the UK currently has as part of the EU after Brexit:  
Forget Brexit Forget the Snow Larry seen here this morning in the No10 flower bed that has more life then those inside !! Happy Monday  
Minford’s Brexit Economist modelling that Quitters appear to accept happily (rejecting ALL others from any other source) is comprehensively debunked.  
Once again, Brexit bot defeated by bad joke:  
Oh ho, @UKLabour support plummets over its pro brexit stance  
A pro-Brexit Labour party is bad for Britain, Bad for the youth, and Bad for Labour!Corbyn loses 34% of voters under the age of 40 if he keeps supporting Brexit!  
Our Future, Our Choice @OFOCBrexit is a group of young people who want to stop Brexit democratically. The young are mobilising: this could be a game changer! Contact brilliantly energetic @william_dry to get involved 
Another Brexit piece by a UK journalist that ignores the simple fact that the Dáil can block a deal between the UK and EU that puts up a hard border in Ireland'To some Leave ultras, a hard Irish border is a price worth paying for the “correct” Brexit'  
Well it seems the "@Jacob_Rees_Mogg a bit extreme" theme seems to be escalating rather quickly. 1. He's attended right wing Lauder-Frost racist dinners. 2. He hangs out with white sepramacist Bannon & now 3. his violent security likes dressing up as a member of the SS. #Brexit  
YouGov poll: @JeremyCorbyn can have Brexit or the Youth vote.NOT BOTH 
If the referendum mandate is so clear, why after 18 months does the Cabinet still not have agreement on what it wants from Brexit. Why is it solely down to the Cabinet to decide what the UK should get from Brexit? 
Record high population + record levels of immigration = #NHSCrisis.Continuous open borders for years after Brexit will be the final nail in the coffin.  
Our attempt, along with @MollyMEP, to compel the Government to produce its secret Brexit studies has been listed for a permission hearing on 6 March 2018. 
'The parochial political interests and internal leadership machinations within the Conservative Party cannot be allowed to dominate and devalue proposals which offer the least bad Brexit' -@ClaireHanna slams @theresa_may's pronouncement on Customs Union. 
“Despite Brexit”...  
Downing Street rules out any form of EU customs union membership in move to head off Brexit rebellion  via @Telegraph 
Reminder. When you come across Leavers on Twitter, do check their time lines. If you find prison planet, David Vance, Tommy Robinson, Islamophobia etc, then they're fascists. Don't engage; block and report where appropriate. #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit #WATON 
A huge jump in the Labour vote among young voters if it opposes Brexit - otherwise that vote moves to the LibDems. Among older voters it makes no difference to the Labour vote.  
A referendum which Leave won followed by a General Election in which both main parties promised to honour the result.Darling we couldn't have a bigger mandate.  
After Brexit, the NHS MUST return to being the National Health Service, not the International Health Service! 
Well put. Before the 2017 General Election her supporters were claiming she needed a bigger majority to push through a softer Brexit, but all her actions and words since becoming PM show the reverse, and her record as Home Secretary points to someone on the far right.  
It's been obvious for some time that Trump has his eye on our NHS. Brexit, and only brexit, can give him the power to take it from us. Brexit or NHS: choose.  
Many people see Theresa May as a #Brexit 'moderate' trying to appease the Brextremists. But her record points to something quite different, a hard core authoritarian nationalist feigning a less extreme position in order to keep the moderates on board.#StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON 
#Brexit Quote of The Day goes, hands down, to Dan Hannan:@Jo_Coburn: So, the UK doesn't want to be in a Customs Union but we want a Customs Agreement or a Customs Arrangement. It's clear as mud isn't it? @DanielJHannan: It's considerably clearer than mud. #bbcdp 
The Scotsman have conceded that should the BG fail to respect Scot and give Scot a seat at Brexit talks it will lead to #indyref2’What i find extrodinary how any Scot who supports the Union is not demanding a seat. Failure to do so suggest they do not support a equal union 
This woman threatens my future, my children's future and my grandchildren's future.  The whole damn Brexit thing is the most intimidating thing that's ever happened.   I will never show her and her treacherous colleagues any tolerance or respect. How dare she suggest I should.  
Anna Soubry's constituency and a majority of those who took part in a nationwide democratic Referendum, voted to leave the institutions of the European Union. 
'#BBC doing little to combat biased #Brexit coverage. Genuine concern as to whether the @BBC can be considered a neutral #broadcaster' says @iealondon's @MarkJLittlewood  #BBC #SKY @LBC #LBC @ConHome #UK @CCHQPress #Tory @Jacob_Rees_Mogg @Conservatives 
The logic of this is, accepting the referendum result, is to argue for the softest Brexit possible. There is no rationale at all between this and her current No Surrender position which nobody voted for.  
Summary:1. JRM is a bully and a liar, whose views are abhorred by all decent people, i.e. Indy writers.2. He claims that Our Treasury has "fiddled Brexit figures".3. Shocking! At this rate, he'll be claiming that Our Treasury's Project Fear was dishonest.4. That's all, folks!  
After strong pressure from #patriots like #JacobReesMogg, the government finally concedes that #Britain must leave the dysfunctional #European #CustomsUnion. Heroes like #Mogg are resisting the government's #Brexit backsliding & it's paying off!  #BBC #SKY 
FAO Young PeopleTell me One Thing About Brexit that concerns youJoin the “The One Thing” campaign   via @M_AndersonSF 
Britons have just months to change their minds on Brexit, warns former Attorney General  
BREAKING: YouGov Poll today -Labour support drops by 34% among under-40s (from 73% to 39%) if the party maintains its current stance on Brexit.  
I wish Brexit would just fuck off. Pardon my French. 
GOV Brexit high priorities: stamps, blue passports, leaving party, new royal yacht, Big Ben ringing out leaving the EUGOV Brexit low priorities: honesty, evidence, impact assessments, planning, solutions, diplomacy, status of EU cits in U.K., the law, the GFA & the NHS 
What I find interesting is that Brexit is creating a pro-European sentiment, which barely existed before 2016 
The PM has to break free of Brexit extremists in her party and put working people first. And the best way to protect jobs, investment & rights at work is through single market and customs union. 
By ruling out customs union, the government's choosing to put up barriers to UK trade with Europe after #Brexit. It'll be bad for jobs, bad for investment & bad for business  
My press release on #TheresaMay ‘s cave-in to the hard #Brexiters and the damage it will cause if she gets away with it. A job-destroying #brexit. A #customs border in northern #Ireland#Brexitshambles 
Labour to lose out big time if it supports the Tories' hard Brexit. Yet to see the underlying data but this could be important... () (via @Femi_Sorry). 
Perhaps one of the many journalists soliciting his views on #Brexit the single market & Theresa May's future could also raise this?  
The European Commission is mulling cutting off Germany and other wealthy EU nations from money used to build roads and museums, Handelsblatt has learned. Britain’s exit from the EU forces the 28-nation bloc to curtail spending.#brexit 
Those thousands of people are marching in the UK to protest the conservative party’s attacks on healthcare and funding cuts to their universal healthcare program (NHS),  despite earlier promises to inject more money into healthcare, if people voted to leave the EU (“Brexit”).  
Jeremy Corbyn risks election disaster if he is perceived by young voters as pro-Brexit, according to a new YouGov poll.Labour’s vote share would plummet from today’s 42% to just 30% if the party became firmly linked with a Tory-inspired Brexit. 
Never forget that Farage and his paymaster Arron Banks both want to scrap the #NHS.Save the NHS - Stop Brexit!#StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON 
If brexit were a used car, we would have more recourse to get our money back. How is it possible that nearly 2 years after the vote, we are being told what it actually was that we voted for? It's like playing unlucky dip! #FBPE 
Michel Barnier who took 7 weeks off says: 'not a moment to lose' in Brexit talksTick, tock, tick tock, indeed Mr Barnier 
Interesting polling from our friends at @OFOCBrexit which reveals that Labour's current Brexit position risks losing support amongst under 40s - please RT so everybody knows:  
The government will move the Northern Ireland border back to the UK mainland, allowing NI to become a type of "EU regulatory convergence zone". So the question really should be: how does the government define the UK after Brexit? Will there be a hard border WITHIN the UK?#FBPE 
What Theresa May said before the Brexit referendum.....  
Now #Trump @realDonaldTrump exposing again his utter ignorance about #Britain - this time on our proud #NHS - exactly opposite to what he’s doing in US. Shows *exactly* what risks we’d face in any US trade deal due to #Brexit @vaughangething @Open_Britain 
A Conservative MP fabricated a Theresa May Brexit speech live on the BBC. Tut, tut #r4today. More #Brexishambles, this time the #CustomsUnion.Do have a watch and a share > 
ThisIt's ironic that most of those who voted for #Brexit are old enough to remember we used to have nuclear weapons pointed at each other & that "limited" nuclear war in Europe was a serious possiblityHow have they forgotten? They were all born into a world of Nukes & cold war  
GALLOWAY: If Brexit isn't delivered then the public won't forgive the political class, says @georgegalloway. 'Britain’s elite forgot the people and forgot the power of their votes.' 
Very powerful open letter from @Femi_Sorry which asks Jeremy Corbyn why he won't stand up for the young people he claims to represent when it comes to Brexit. A very good question, but I don't expect an answer any time soon.   
We think our precious NHS is worth fighting for @realDonaldTrump, that healthcare should be free at the point of use for all, not just those who can afford it and that's why we won't be allowing private US firms to take over NHS services after Brexit, in case you were wondering..  
I am renouncing my position as a #StopBrexit activist. I am henceforth crossing the abyss & shall become one of the #Brexiters. This is because I’ve spent 18 months searching for benefits of #Brexit & have found none; apparently there are loads if you’re a Brexist! Farewell  
The Prime Minister categorically rules out Britain staying in 'the' or 'a' customs union with the EU. Hallelujah!#Brexit#LeaveCustomsUnion 
Here’s former Treasury Permanent Secretary @nickmacpherson2 @EveningStandard on powerful form on the attacks on the civil service, the economic impact of Brexit and the need for government leadership   
Some of us don't expect that Scotland will be part of UK after Brexit either.  WM has repeatedly stonewalled and lied about respecting the Devolution settlement vis a vis the EU Withdrawl Bill. It is clear they have only contempt for Scotland, so have only themselves to blame.  
Prior to the referendum @UniversitiesUK told us "European students will choose to go elsewhere" if we voted for Brexit.Back in the real world, foreign students are applying to UK institutions in record numbers, with EU applications at some up by as much as 10%. #WrongAgain 
It was the British working class that delivered brexit.So many left wing intellectuals are in denial of this simple fact.The conservatives took us in to the EU & want us to remain.There is a deep disconnect now between the political class & the electorate.  
Translation:The democrats are pushing universal healthcare.UK is a mess because of Brexit, which was orchestrated by Russia.The democrats want to tax the ultra rich, not lower their taxes based on a trickle down lie.  
Most people hadn't heard of the Customs Union at the time of referendum. Now it's their 'will' to leave it? Nonsense! Brexit has nothing to do with the will of the people. It's purely a Tory Party feud & the people can go to hell for all they care. #FBPE 
Our #Brexit future in #Kent 
WATCH | 'BBC doing little to combat biased Brexit coverage. Genuine concern as to whether the BBC can be considered a neutral broadcaster' says @iealondon's @MarkJLittlewood 
Everybody: “We would like the tiniest smidgen of clarity about what Brexit will actually involve”Government: “Well you tell me if you’re so fucking fascinated by it!”  
If we can get Jeremy Corbyn to actually listen to his voter base and promise to back a vote on the Brexit deal, then we can finally get out of this mess.So SHARE! SHARE! SHARE!#OFOC @OFOCBrexit 
With #Brexit transition agreement set to bind UK to EU’s rules until at least 2020, fresh free-trade bounty looks a long way off indeed, @SamuelMarcLowe writes in @EveningStandard 
YOUTH TO CORBYN : GET OFF THE FENCE ON BREXIT, OR ELSE!New YouGov/ Youthonomics/ @OFOCBrexit poll shows shows 34% drop in support for Labour among under 40s (from 73% to 39%) if the party maintains its current stance on Brexit.  
591 days since the referendum. We're in The Bad Place.  
Michel Barnier says 'not a moment to lose' in Brexit talks  
The arrogance of @GovUK towards devolved administrations illustrated again - @fMWales lays out need for Customs Union on Friday & PM rejects it without consultation 48 hours later : Welsh Government | First Minister sets out vision for trade post-Brexit  
30% of food consumed in the UK comes from the EU. What impact will #Brexit have on its availability and cost? Watch live on Wednesday at 10.30 (GMT) as a range of experts give their view:  
First Brexit, then total failure of the opposition to challenge it, now people are seriously discussing Jacob Rees-Mogg as Prime Minister. I must have been asleep where the nation signed up to join that death cult. 
Dear Jeremy Corbyn, young people need your help to halt Brexit | Femi Oluwole  
Love how #Brexit goons like Dan Hannan say we "need to be where the markets are" when we're quitting a single market of 500M people on our doorstep! #bbcdp 
I recently gave a talk to a lot of university administrators about Brexit. They were all adamant that student numbers from the EU would fall. Now we know the numbers are up. Perhaps some anti Brexit gloom is emotional not empirical? 
I know, right! We should be doing everything in our power to make sure that corporations can't cheat the system....Start by opposing Brexit! 
45% more clients since independence referendum, during period when many companies moved headquarters outside of Catalonia   . 
Has anyone got a clue how govt proposes to solve Irish question without a customs union? #Brexit 
Dear Jeremy Corbyn, young people need your help to halt Brexit | Femi Oluwole  
My favourite line from inside the Brexit war cabinet in today’s Times splash  
The Brexsheep and shillbots are out in force on this tweet of Pia’s. Her husband who is a loyal, thoughtful, careful civil servant working on Brexit is utterly dismayed by the political spin. That’s why the shills are worried. He knows the truth they are hiding from the public.  
If you voted Brexit to save our NHS, I commend your intentions and your patriotism.But if you still care about the NHS, it needs you now, more than ever. 
I fear voters in #Scotland will only awaken to the true extent of the danger we are in after all exit routes are closed. Post #Brexit, post next Gen Elec.  and after #Holyrood powers diminished  to those of a Town Council. 
What is the new anti-hard Brexit Grassroots Coordinating Group and what comes next? Here's my explanation of the new coalition of activists and parliamentarians fighting for the public's right to have the final say on the Brexit deal.  
"In order to deliver a jobs-first Brexit, we have to stay in the Single Market & Customs Union"@wesstreeting calls on the Labour Party leadership to commit to staying in the Single Market & Customs Union. Please RT: 
Tory MP @JustineGreening says ‘You can’t do Brexit *to* young people – you’ve got to do it *with* young people’That's like saying you can't commit robbery *against* someone; you've got to involve them in the process... Ask them how they're feeling while you violate their wishes.  
UK's top polling guru SHUTS DOWN second referendum claims and says Brexit would still WIN   
Netherlands officially withdraws ambassador to Turkey over referendum row   
Democracy has been hijacked. The clear majority - a proportion of Leavers plus all Remainers - want to stay in the #CustomsUnion but Theresa May has put fear of mutiny ahead of the People’s wishes so give them the  #FinalSay on #Brexit  
Brexit: May accused of 'ideologically-driven madness' after she rules out any customs union - Politics live  
#Brexit cheerleader Matt Ridley defends political attacks on civil servants.Ridley is a discredited former banker who spends much of his time attempting to muddy the waters of climate science.His family trust owns two open-cast coal mines.More here:  
Jeremy Corbyn has written 120 tweets this year on a variety of subjects, from jazz singers dying, to Cyrille Regis, to, predominantly, the NHS. How many times has he written a tweet about Brexit? Guess?NONE! NOT ONE, although he did RT this, so that's something I suppose   
How much more do we need to know?Brexit is going to be the hardest, most damaging and most expensive  decision Scotland never made. It’s time to end our part in this madness and call #IndyRef2 now.There’s nothing left to wait for!#Referendum2018 
UCAS figures suggest that Brexit has not deterred EU students from studying in the UK  
Still, we must embrace the opportunities of Brexit. So, I'm thinking of a cookbook with recipes using rat, wood-sorrel and angry cab-driver spit as their sole ingredients. It will sell millions, if books still exist. 
Vegetables left rotting in fields because of Brexit farm worker shortage  
Theresa May urged to ‘get up off her knees’ and face down EU as its chief negotiator Michel Barnier arrives in London for phase two of Brexit talks  
May I gently remind you that you crucified yourselves with policies that had nothing to do with Brexit during the campaign on an almost daily basis you daft donut.  
May has completely ruled out staying in the Customs Union.This is a hard Brexit victory for Mogg, Fox, Gove and co. Just waiting for the #FBPE mob to blame Corbyn.  
Read my article from last June. 'Strip away the layers and Brexit becomes ever more murky' - is this the #Brexit Dream team's real agenda?   
People are creating their own wickedly funny Brexit stamps  
THIS HAS AGED WELL: "Theresa May will sort out Brussels, don't you worry about that! Brexit is in safe hands! Roll on that General Election! Tory landslide! Woo! Future's looking bright!"  
Another blow to widespread predictions Brexit would deliver a serious shock to Britain: one of UK’s top think tanks has upgraded UK economy growth forecasts. The EY Item Club has lifted UK GDP estimates for 2018 to 1.7pc, up from 1.4pc predicted in its Autumn Forecast in Oct 2017 
Did you vote to be poor? Did you vote to die prematurely after the NHS collapses? Did you vote for your rights to be reduced? Did you vote for the break up of the UK? We didn’t vote for this in the referendum. We were lied to & need to think again. I want to #StopBrexit #Cakeism 
It is only in the @CONservatives’ power to stop this madness. History will not judge those Tory MPs kindly who are allowing @theresa_may to drive Britain off a cliff. Do NOT be fooled by these phoney attacks on @jeremycorbyn; he cannot stop Brexit. Tories can. 
Brexit negotiations with the EU restart tomorrow.@adamboultonSKY 
MUST-READ piece from @BenPBradshaw on how Brexit will destroy our NHS step by step - and that's before Donald Trump comes in. Please RT so everybody knows the risk Brexit is to our precious NHS  
.........upto 80 MPs are thought to be members and they are behind the misinformation on civil servants and Brexit. This link is meant to show MPs claiming expenses for ERG but I didn't see anything about it. 
Theresa May is only in power, "because the alternatives seemed much worse." The FT lists all the squabbles and infighting in the Brexit government. 
Johnson, Gove and Rees-Mogg are our Brexit Dream Team too, says EU  
South Korea shaping up to play hardball over 'rolling over' FTA during #Brexit transition. My latest... with thoughts from @leemakiyama@SamuelMarcLowe@BCCAnastassia 
Number 10 confirming we're on course for a Hard Brexit. The Labour Party can stop it, by working across party lines for single market and customs union. Time to lead.  
Dr. Gerard Lyons: The City is Brexit-proof and will remain the world's financial hub. Moreover, London is in pole position to become the centre of global fintech.  
Even Soft Brexit will harm the economy - don't take our word for it, the Government says so too. #isitworthit?More info:  
So it’s the party interest from @theresa_may first rather than stability in #Ireland or our jobs + economy... #NotinNationalInterest. @Open_Britain #Brexit  
Many of the City’s strengths are deeply embedded and therefore “Brexit-proof,” writes @DrGerardLyons via @CityAM  
It is one of those many, oft overlooked, inconvenient truths of today's British political landscape.The people of N Ireland clearly voted to Remain in the EU, but the only N Irish politicians with a voice in Brexit negotiations are the rabidly pro-Brexit DUP.@LBC @mrjamesob 
#Brexit UNCERTAINTY & WORSENED economic OUTLOOKDEPRECIATE the #GBPthis creates higher INFLATION  for both leavers and remainers!#FBPE #StopBrexit 
Looking forward to speaking alongside @Keir_Starmer on housing and Brexit this morning. Big challenges for the housing sector but little direction or leadership from Ministers. 
People of NI, get on @mrjamesob  on @LBC - someone does give a feck about the impact of Brexit on us 
Don't listen to the naysayers: if the City avoids complacency and embraces flexibility, it will prosper post-Brexit. @DrGerardLyons's new paper for the #ieaBrexitUnit 
ICYMI: Beneath the mask, Mogg is a dangerous and deceitful bully on secondment from the 18th century /#EU #Brexit  
Last week I made clear that the DUP expected the PM to deliver on the referendum result and free us from ‘the protectionist policies of the customs union’. Last night’s clarification from No.10 is therefore welcome.  
HA!So No.10 has ruled OUT any form of *Customs Union*GAME SET & MATCH to Gove, Mogg, and Johnson !And this is BEFORE the 2 #Brexit Cabinet meetings scheduled for this week. 
Lawson: May must get up off her knees on Brexit, stop cringing attitude towards EU  
This Brexit mess cannot go on. Theresa May must stand down now | Matthew d’Ancona  
Barnier: 'Not a minute to lose' in Brexit negotiations  
#BREAKING Mayor Joan Badia of Callús town declares today in front of the Spanish "justice" accused of "disobedience" due to his peaceful attempt to stop Spain's occupation forces brutality during the #1Oct #Catalonia independence referendum. Europe wake up 
It's just depressing that OUR 'red lines' for Brexit don't include 'must not endanger the peace process in Northern Ireland'. It's kinda embarrassing that that's come from the EU. 
Brexit is 'biggest threat' to the future of the NHS, say 100 MPs, MEPs and peers from five parties. It is either the #NHS or #brexit. You can't have both.  
'Brexit will destroy the NHS step by step - this is how'  
Remembers 15 months ago when the Tories reassured Nissan that Brexit would be fine because they knew what they were doing?HA HA HA 
Fifty shades star `kept awake´ by Brexit fears.  
So that's one thing cleared up. #TheresaMay's #Brexit = no to membership of the/a #CustomsUnion = letting Liam Fox negotiate worse trade agreements with rest of the world than we already have + making trade with EU more difficult. They call this a #Brexit dividend. 
Our politicians are refusing to listen to the People. It's time we started thinking about a General Strike if we are to stop Brexit.  
I agree with @williamnhutton May's just opted for a S**t or Bust #Brexit Could this be the day the hard-right ERG overplayed its hand on the Customs Union and became reponsible for the death of Brexit?#ExitFromBrexit 
#Ukip members may join Conservatives to support Jacob Rees-Mogg“It's certainly an attractive idea. With Tories in the state they are & only around 70,000 members we could help make sure Jacob wins & Britain has a real Brexit Prime Minister.”#Brexit #EU 
Downing Street has insisted that Britain will "categorically" leave the customs union as a crucial week of Brexit negotiations begins both with the EU and inside the Cabinet  
This can only mean that Downing Street does not expect Northern Ireland to be still part of the UK after Brexit.Else seems impossible.  
Alternatively, the pound after Brexit has dropped like a stone.  
Theresa May:"I will create a Brexit that works for everybody"[One year passes]"By 'everybody' I obviously meant Gove, Rees-Mogg and Nigel fucking Farage. Keep up."  
In a joint letter with @Plaid_Cymru, @theSNP and @LibDems, we have written to Jeremy Corbyn urging him to work with us to stop an extreme #Brexit.  
This is nonsense. We lost our majority in ‘17 despite winning more votes than Cameron ever achieved because of a) an appallingly bad manifesto b) a cult surge for hard Brexiteer Corbyn - your @Conservative colleagues are well aware what the country voted for in June ‘16 #Brexit  
None, *none* of the big issues around Brexit have been addressed by the government at all. The Irish border issue is getting worse, not better. The rights of citizens has been fudged. The ECJ essentially forgotten about. And time is running out. 
BREAKING: Downing Street insists Britain will "categorically" be leaving reality after Brexit. More soon ... 
NHS & Brexit: while Conservative Cabinet has been at war with each other over which type of Brexit will do less harm to the UK, Lib Dems have been asking experts for ideas to end the NHS crisis and fund our NHS properly in the future @LibDems #NHSCrisis 
Throughout #Brexit negotiations, @theresa_May has been trying to hide the truth from the public but the leaks last week shows her mask is slipping. #Brexit is going to damage the UK and the public must be given a say on the final deal and a chance to #ExitFromBrexit 
A total mess. To be able to deliver the first phase of the Brexit negotiations on Northern Ireland, the UK must remain in the Customs Union.To now state that the UK won’t be in the Customs Union makes the phase 1 Brexit agreement totally obsolete. 
After #Brexit food will be cheaper and the UK could be healthier says Dr @JonMarcStanleyby ditching the EU agricultural strategy and promoting our own  healthier policies. 
"The truth about Brexit is that it only put one job first. That is Boris Johnson’s job as Prime Minister. And he didn’t even get that."  
No customs union means:A hard border in Ireland.Means no frictionless trade with the EU.Means no car industry in the UKAll to satisfy the vanity of a few Brexit zealots in the cabinet. Will @UKLabour now get of the fence? please! 
Applications from EU students for British universities have increased by over 10%. "Paradoxically, Brexit has focused people's attention on strength of British universities," says Warwick Uni. "Students from EU … continue to want a first-class UK higher education," says UCL. 
The PM appears suddenly to have remembered that the British people voted for Brexit. Remain ultras running out of time. 
At risk of stating the obvious, this new narrative of 'sneering' & 'condescending' (see my bio) is designed to discredit knowledge-based Brexit coverage and deny decent people the room they need to get informed and change their minds. 
When Theresa May talks about Brexit, says one senior EU diplomats ‘we hear the captain of the Titanic talking about an iceberg that works for everyone’ 
Lord Nigel Lawson tells Julia Hartley-Brewer that Theresa May needs to "get her act together" on Brexit, and to “get up off her knees and stop this cringing attitude towards the European Union”. Watch below ▼ @JuliaHB1 
Even if you think Brexit is good idea, do you really think is a good idea to split our country in two?  A 52/48 result in a referendum requires discussion and compromise, not a set of hardliners forcing through their agenda.  The Tories are destroying Britain.  #r4today 
There's hundreds of thousands of pro-European members in @UKLabour. The clock is ticking towards a devastating Tory Brexit - it is time for the front bench to engage us in defining policy and time for us all to stand up to be heard.#StopBrexit 
Yes, we need Proportional Representation. We need to reform our democracy to make it work. In the meantime VOTE TACTICALLY: get over the tribalism for a moment & vote only for anti-Brexit parties in the May council elections. #ABTV = Anti-Brexit Tactical Voting. #ABTV rt widely. 
This decision means yes to a new border in Northern Ireland - breaks 100% commitment to Good Friday Agreement and reverses what little agreed so far in Phase 1. Govt Brexit talks actually going BACKWARDS - not forwards - to a deal. Pathetic.  
May I gently remind @Conservatives colleagues we lost our majority in June when the British people rejected a no #CustomsUnion #Hard Brexit 
"In or Out decision""Not for politicians to decide""Not for parliament to decide""No second referendum""Once in a generation""For your grandchildren""The decision will be respected"#brexit -  crystal  
Key sentence: "Key cabinet colleagues will meet on Wednesday and Thursday to decide the details of the government’s policy regarding a customs union."Over 18 months after the referendum. Jesus wept. 
The year is 2005 and l am a rookie photographer @StandardKenya covering the 2005 constitutional referendum. I am armed with my first digital camera.  
Use the #ABTV hashtag to encourage tactical voting for pro-Remain parties in the May council elections - SEND A BIG MESSAGE #ABTV #ABTV #ABTV #ABTV  = Anti-Brexit Tactical Voting.  
Why is your Government desperate to stop you finding out the truth about what Brexit means for you? And why is it prepared to break the law to do so?  
Reported by #r4today that those born in 40s & 50s consume more benefits than they paid in by £20k/person. Its not migrants who are causing the funding crisis here. That this generation (though far from all) also tended to vote for Brexit, making us all poorer, is a cruel irony. 
Record number of foreign students applying to UK universities. So the great scare story about the impact of the Brexit vote was just that - a scare story. 
READ | After strong pressure from patriots like @Jacob_Rees_Mogg, the government finally concedes that Britain must leave the dysfunctional European Customs Union.Heroes like Mogg are resisting the government's Brexit backsliding & it's paying off! 
The British people voted for a full, clean Brexit. That must now be delivered!  
Downing Street insists Brexit policy was set out very clearly in "customs future partnership" paper which proposed either a customs partnership or a highly streamlined customs arrangement. I hope that's cleared things up 
Debating Brexit with Jacob Rees-Mogg at @cambridgeunion on Thursday. I will be inviting him to apologise for defaming the civil service & to agree with his pre-2016 self that we now need a referendum on the terms of Brexit 
As Tories gamble with our future, @UKLabour should be prevaricating no more. Now clear that Brexit, any Brexit, is an extreme ideological agenda that no responsible party - backing cohesion, stability, social rights, jobs & the economy (for the many not a few) - should support. 
New Brexit puzzle - now you've understood the difference between THE customs union & A customs union what is the difference between them & a customs arrangement? 
Downing Street "announces" UK won't be in The, A or ANY customs union after Brexit 
MUST-READ: 100 peers, MPs and MEPs write an open letter calling Hard Brexit the biggest threat to our precious NHS. Please RT: 
As May explicitly swaps customs *union* for *arrangement*, the disingenuous - & dangerous - play on words to placate her Brexit extremists, must stop. This madness is wrecking the country’s strong foundations & future.A weekend quote apiece from @NickCohen4 & Matthew Parris. 
Average wait at French ports for non-EU lorries is 7 minutes. That implies 50 mile queues on M 2/20. Parallel crisis at Irish  border. House of Commons will not/cannot agree deal with no customs union. May has saved her job for a few more weeks but killed Brexit this morning. 
According to recent polls 56% of voters in #Scotland still believe we’re better off shacked to this dysfunctional, incompetent, fraudulent Gov, hell bent on destroying our economy and public services. Why ? #Brexit #ScotRef 
We assume Remainers were happy to sign off on all this military stuff from the EU.  Strange it 'wasn't on the ballot paper' but then so many EU plans weren't.  FULL #BREXIT STORY:  
Brexit is 'biggest threat' to the future of the NHS, say 100 MPs, MEPs and peers  
It would be easier to respect the Brexit cause if they stopped pretending there were any financial benefits to it.  Just admit it will damage the economy horrendously, but you believe that’s a price worth paying to be able to complain about Westminster instead of Brussels. 
."Brexit could deny British airlines the ability to fly into many EU airports or the right to pick up passengers there.". 
Do the maths No 10. MPs are listening to local businesses and in so doing are rejecting the Hard #Brexit ideology of the ERG #CustomsUnion 
Conservatives trumpeted Mrs May's December deal with the EU on phase 1 of the Brexit negotiations but it was no deal but a fudge - there was no agreement on the Irish border, which will be exposed when the first draft Agreement (Treaty) text on phase 1 appears. /2. 
The #Brexit extremists have seized control of our country & are driving us off the cliff. We must stop this. March with us in #Leeds on 24/3 in the #GreatNorthernMarch. It is time for we, the people, to truly Take Back Control.  
Lord O'Neill of Gatley urged Leave backers to be "realistic" about the impact of Brexit on the economy.  
Cameron and May have broken the UK already. Even if brexit were stopped tomorrow, it will take a generation to rebuild the trust and reputation we have destroyed, and it's difficult to measure the impact of the loss of these things. It will be like a chronic disease... 
The statement from Theresa May that the UK will not be in the, or a Customs Union confirms the crazed, extreme Brexiters are now in control of government. Their ideology obsession with all things European will cause maximum damage to the UK. #Brexit #FBPE 
Mutterings of a Brexit coup hav focused the PM's mind but she must also dismiss Remoaner Rudd's attempt to stay in the customs union by the back door in what Amber calls a customs 'agreement, arrangement, partnership'. 
”It is not our policy to stay in the customs union. We are categorically leaving the customs union. Brexit is about taking back control of our money, laws and borders. We are going to deliver that” - No.10#Brexit #FitForTheFuture 
'Leading City Analyst', Bon Lyddon has also calculated that the annual net cost of EU migrants – once the tax they pay is deducted from benefits paid out – is £30billion a year.#Brexit #Brexiteers 
A windmill Brexit.  
Britain will 'categorically' leave customs union after Brexit, says Downing Street: This helps the #Remain cause, a hard Brexit is even more likely to fail.  
Former Ecuador president Rafael Correa had feverishly campaigned against the referendum, which all but ends his chances of a return to power  
Congratulations to the people of #Ecuador for saying no to #Correa’s attempt to undermine #democracy. This referendum is an important step in the fight against corruption. 
I wonder if we will see Jews in the diaspora protesting outside Israeli embassies against these deportations. Unlikely. #Refugees #ItsOkayToBeWhite #Trump #Maga #Brexit #DefendYourHeritage #SmashCulturalMarxism 
BrexitTrumpEaglesPopulist wave continues 
Right now Daniel Hannan is finishing a piece for the Telegraph explaining how Brexit helped Philadelphia win the Superbowl 
Not a very helpful clarification at all given that this does not fit with what the UK government agreed in December with the EU27 over Northern Ireland. See paras 49-51  Government by soundbite to fend off mutiny, regardless of the phase 1 deal? #Brexit  
Dow down 666 points, worst day since Brexit last time Dow fell 600 points was June 24, day after Brexit vote in hindsight, Brexit was a great buying opportunity for indian investors The question we are asking today- Should investors look at buying quality names now ? 
THIS is how emotionally dumb the brexit decision was.. lets face it  
93rd minute Salah scores to equal Kane’s premier league goalsOfficials “Hold my beer, Brexit means Brexit” 
Ecuador’s Correa barred from presidency in national referendum  
Gosh, remember when Obama injected himself in the Brexit vote? His interference in Israel's election? Toppling Libya's Quadaffi? Like that? Your hypocrisy is showing. 
Ecuadoreans vote overwhelmingly to limit presidents to two terms in a nationwide referendum.  
My family are on notice. Indy or Canada. The UK has been on it's arse for a generation at the very least. FUBAR. Brexit is the final nail. 
Brexit Facts Bus Liverpool, 23 February, 12:15 - 12:45Derby Square @Liverpool4EU @steveg4462 @AndrewAtter 
BREAKING: Referendum results: Ecuadoreans vote to limit presidents to two terms in major blow to former strongman Correa 
#JamieDornan Fifty shades star `kept awake´ by Brexit fears  via @MailOnline 
Encouraging early results in Ecuador’s referendum tonight rejecting 21st Century socialism...if it holds a major setback to former Marxist president Correa.  
Corbyn supporters keep reminding us if we don't back him we'll be left with Tory #BrexitThere is no difference between Tory and Labour #BrexitIf Corbyn wants to get elected he needs to appeal to Remainers by reversing Brexit 
Ladies and GentlemenWelcome to KarmaLabour don't appear to like KarmaPerhaps they shouldn't have taken Tory cash to lie their chops off to Scotland during #Indyref, using methodology  of mendacity exactly like thisEnjoy the ride Labour#Brexit is your Karma  
A load of pro-Corbyn people responding to this, doing everything they possibly can to slag off the LDs and distract from the threat #Brexit poses to the #NHS. It seems playing pathetic little party games is more important to them than the NHS.#StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON #ABTV 
“we have been trapped in history’s worst acid trip ever since the referendum, and the only rule of thumb left is that the craziest thing imaginable has to be the bookies’ favourite.” — Mathew Norman. 
‘The dwindling band of old, white, rural, mostly male party members who pick Tory leaders is cocooned within the demented fantasy bubble of a post-Brexit imperial renaissance.’  
Dear Mrs May @theresa_may you can keep your Brexit. It is not in the best interests of this country and it's people.Dear Mr Corbyn @jeremycorbyn you can keep your Brexit. It is no more in the interests of this country than the Tory one. No Brexit#StopBrexit 
Fruit and vegetables left to rot in fields after fall in farm workers from the EU after Brexit vote.What a waste. Just #StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
I think that the Tories are messing up Brexit on purpose, so that while people are in some kind of frenzy over it all, they are happily dismantling this country for their mates.How many times have they been taken to court and lost now? It gets brushed aside and never mentioned. 
This is what the August 2017 paper said. Note “innovative” and “unprecedented” - i.e.  How has UK govt policy not moved beyond this? Still vague, unworkable statements.#CustomsUnion #Brexit Full PDF here:   
I'm in your boat, voted for #brexit and regret it. I wasn't fooled by media or £350m nonsense. But hoped Parliament would have a greater say rather than this right-wing Tory agenda. Let me vote again! 
Brexit has allowed the right to dominate UK politics,with their control of the media.Corbyn’s opposition is non existent &the rise of Rees-Mogg looks unstoppable.Mogg is loved by Brexiteers & many Tories believe that he can deliver a landslide victory,relying on voter apathy#FBPE 
Brexit: who’s to blame for it not going well. Latest update.  
Brexit is a rushed DIY fail. 
If Brexit trade will be frictionless, why do we need thousands more customs staff?   
Non-EU countries are ALREADY queuing up to give us worse trade deals than we have now. The idea that we can do better outside the EU is now demonstrably false. Another nail in the coffin of arguments for #Brexit. Time for a rethink. #FinalSay #FinalSayForAll #StopBrexit 
The tory brexists give thanks to Jeremy Corbyn their friend their ally and the saviour of #brexit  
I watched every episode until this evening. Re 2nd Referendum any call for one  has to come from the people.  
This week Jacob Rees-Mogg asked a question in parliament with a falsehood in order to taint the government's Brexit reports. He constantly speaks of controlling our money knowing lost tax revenues bc of Brexit are more than we pay the EU... Is Jacob now a notorious liar? 
I love this guy, ever time he tweets I’m reminded of the importance of Brexit.  
Brexit is 'biggest threat' to the future of the NHS, say 100 MPs, MEPs and peers from five parties.Public must decide whether impact of Brexit on NHS is 'too high a price to pay', cross-party group warns.#FinalSay #StopBrexit #FBPE #FundOurNHS 
Anna, here is an idea. Give the PM a call and have a chat and discuss your issues. I don't understand why you repeatedly post an immediate response to the media and persistently undermine. You stood on a manifesto for Brexit. Time to get a grip. 
Brexit is and always has been about Tory party feuds. Nothing else. Not the interests of you, me or the country, whatever position you took in the referendum. It is self serving treachery.   
UK Govt said again today we're leaving the customs union.That means a hard border in Ireland.We agreed with the EU27 in December to avoid that through customs alignment ie a customs union.Tory #Brexit position isn't just objectionable, it's objectively impossible.  
So, 55m people can’t be in the customs union, because 12 MPs are holding the PM to ransom. Isn’t brexit fun?  
When we anti-EU folk warned that EU leaders wanted a superstate, we were accused of scaremongering.I give you the chief Brexit negotiator in the European Parliament.  
Vote against LAB. Get hard Tory Brexit for decades to come. a) I dont believe you are/were a LAB memberb) If you are your sense of loyalty is severely diminished.c) LAB have left Brexit options on the table d) LAB are not negotiating Brexit it's the Tories  
Why the British economy has done better than expected since the Brexit vote  
I accept the result of the indyref (which I liked)I accept the result of the EUref (which I didn't like)Joanne accepts the result of neither referendum.Who is anti-democratic?  
"It's like buying a house. You put in the offer... You see it, are bowled over by it. Then you get the survey done and discover that the roof is falling in, you've got the neighbours from hell, that there's dry rot."@Andrew_Adonis on why there should be a 2nd #Brexit vote  
Despite what many people were led to believe, Parliament has never delegated the withdrawal decision to the people and has never made the withdrawal decision itself. Regardless of your view on #Brexit itself this current mess is unstable and illegitimate. 
This letter, written by @RichardBentall, deserves to be disseminated widely. I have a feeling a great number of similar letters are going to be written soon unless @UKLabour changes its approach to Brexit  
Brexit will RUIN Germany as UK taxpayers stop funding EU coffers - say Germans.18,000 German car industry jobs at risk.   
.@theresa_may has categorically ruled out keeping the #UK in any form of the Customs Union.Article in the @thetimes tomorrow.So, fellow Brexiteers, can we now please back her to deliver #Brexit?  
Even if I end up leaving cause of Brexit, I will always love the British sense of humour...   
MAY REJECTS CUSTOMS UNION @Theresa_May has categorically ruled out keeping Britain in any form of customs union with the EU. Downing Street said it wanted to put the argument to rest.#Brexit #ImWithMay  
Downing Street rules out any form of EU Customs Union membership in move to head off Brexit rebellion 
The Far Right are mobilising behind the Brexit loving Tories backed by the Brexit loving Tory press. This is the real story. These are dangerous times.  
'Be optimistic': Andrew Adonis launches his drive to reverse Brexit  
So, to heads of medical colleges & other health leaders, can we be clear that #Brexit is likely to harm mental health, increase death rates inc suicide, undermine NHS & make it harder to find care for elderly relatives? 
Nicola Sturgeon has alarmed some senior SNP colleagues over her stance on Brexit after announcing that she will decide whether to pursue a second independence referendum later this year  
Forget Brexit. Forget Trump. Forget North Korea. Forget the NHS crisis. Forget the lack of teachers in schools. Forget Syria. Forget global warming (that doesn't exist...). Forget it all for a moment. Kylie Jenner has had a baby. That is the REALLY important news. #dear 
Telegraph on Brexit: - false claim of German "apparent rejection of a trade deal"- confuses gross and net UK budget contributions- most of the Germans they talked to don't sound "frightened"  
“Be optimistic”: @Andrew_Adonis launches his drive to reverse Brexit.“We will win by a big margin,” he says. “But we have to get there first. Organise like we have never organised.”#FinalSay #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Ben Jennings on Tory divisions over Brexit – political cartoon gallery in Putney  
German associations are concerned that: "Because of [Brexit] future budget cuts in the EU must be expected, which could mean that the available funds are significantly reduced, especially in economically more developed Member States.”  
This is a brutal but  accurate article from former Tory MP @MatthewParris3 & highlights why the #remainernow initiative is so important. Most Tory MPs (and half govt) know #brexit is not the right policy for the U.K. & sensible moderates must be encouraged to break ranks!  
Brexit means we can slash the regulations that protect us from greedy bankers. (It's what the people voted for, after all).  
Matthew ParrisTruth SayerBrexit SlayerTories are lying to themselves & to us.Brexit is a lie.That means Corbyn is lying too then when he says the ship has sailed.The only thing inevitable about Brexit is the lies will get bigger & the Brexoffenders' desperation deeper.  
Here, @RichardDawkins - evolutionary biologist and writer - masterfully expressed his frustration with the idea that "the British people have spoken" on #Brexit.  
Leave got millions of votes by implying the UK would be in the Single Market after Brexit which they now say was never available. This subverted democracy. To insure the Will of the People is properly delivered a new ref should ask "Do you want to leave EU SM CU & lose your FoM?" 
Another tweet from @guyverhofstadt to further confirm that my decision to leave the #EU was the correct one. He still has not realised why we are leaving. He is beyond deluded. #Brexit  
If as doctor I make decisions that cost lives, am personally accountable & may be struck off. If Govt make decisions with same impact, where is consequence, even tho accountability is in Nolan principles? #Brexit 
The EU referendum result was a very British rebellion against an out of touch, elitist establishment. If unelected senior civil servants or House of Lords members sneer at and seek to frustrate this democratic decision of the people there will need to be constitutional change. 
Today the @BBC decided that my use of women's toilets is controversial and should be up for debate. This is Brexit Britain. Trans women are simply one of the first groups whose rights are threatened by the media & right-wing extremists. 
If @jeremycorbyn really is a man with principles which are about fairness & what is best for 'the many, not the few', he will also respect that now the reality of #Brexit is unfolding, people have the right to change their mind - then he will truly respect democracy. RT to agree. 
The British civil service fight back against #Brexit slurs is on front page of Monday’s @FT as the Cabinet’s civil war enters into a decisive week. #TomorrowsPaperToday 
Already primed, the Alt Reich scheme to target "University lecturers with an anti Tory, anti Brexit and cultural Marxist agenda". This is what the @yaf Mercer funded group has being doing in the US for years, and suggests Bannon is deeply involved in the Rees Mogg fracas 
If God is helping May with Brexit, as she told us a year ago, why has it turned out so disastrous? I know He moves in mysterious ways, but taking away May's majority and forcing her to capitulate on every issue in negotiation, doesn't seem like helping. Is He a closet Remainer? 
THE BREXIT LEAK anatomy of an economic disaster  
For 5 decades, Britain has dominated Airbus wing production. At least 7 governments think they can steal the industry after Brexit  
A country divided. An impossible Brexit sold to Britons. Fascists spinning a web of lies to force damage upon our nation. Truth tellers attacked, when the only route forward is through truth.  
Actually feck this - three pints and flu coming on and I'm arguing with Brexiters  via Twitter- may as well talk to Flat Earthers. Brexit is a religion - probably introduce Brexit circumcision and baptism next 
I'm no professional politician, I'm just a grassroots activist, but even I can see that any reference to a "second referendum" is going to alienate many.Instead, can it be referred to as "a public vote on the Final Deal"? @Andrew_Adonis @ChukaUmunna @vincecable @Anna_Soubry 
'@theresa_may could face a coup that will bring in a #Brexit “#dreamteam” if she brings in plans to keep #Britain in a #customsunion with the #EU! Bring it On!   #BBC #SKY @LBC #LBC @ConHome @CCHQPress #Tory @Conservatives #Conservatives #JacobReesMogg 
Poorer economy costs lives, financial adversity is key driver of suicide, so #EU forecasts are not abstract debate, impact will be felt in real lives, politicians should be accountable for impact. #Brexit 
If only the £350m a week Brexit magic money tree existed!  
This is Rees-Mogg and this is one of his supporters - a fascist terrorist. #Brexit #StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON 
yeah but the new law will also class "disagreeing with a tory on brexit" as being intimidation, you see 
Brexit is 'biggest threat' to the future of the NHS, say 100 MPs, MEPs and peers from five parties.I Agree.Please vote if YOU agree and retweet for a larger sample size.Brexit is 'biggest threat' to the future of the NHS: 
Brexit news: EU push for UK to switch from British Summer Time to BERLIN TIME! Our Decision! Stop Dictating!  
Will you not, for the love of Ireland, take your seat in the House of Commons and VOTE? The DUP has exceptional power right now.  Take it away from them.  Stand up for Ireland.Gerry Adams: Brexit will be a disaster for the island of Ireland  
Harrogate previews what is in store for Britain after Brexit, if it becomes an exporter of European migrants  
The EU referendum was the biggest ever turnout of the electorate in history yet poiltician's are choosing to undermine this historical moment by their negativity over discussions to leave 
Still thinking about this interview. 590 days after referendum and the PM can’t even say what she wants from Brexit, let alone admit getting it is unachievable. Absolute madness.  
#Brexit “a grotesque pantomime”: @MatthewdAncona - once High Priest of Tory thinking - demands #TheresaMay quits “clinically dead government”. 
Brexit will RUIN Germany as UK taxpayers stop funding EU coffers - say Germans   
No one should be leading the country through brexit, any leader worth their salt should be leading us away from it! That’s why we need the #A50Challenge 
Challenge the lies, challenge the xenophobia, challenge the myths, challenge brexit #A50Challenge 
Majority now say the Brexit vote was wrong - latest @YouGov poll:- Wrong to leave: 46% (+2)- Right: 40% (-5)And by the biggest lead yet: now 6 points ahead.Time to #StopBrexit. #Article50Challenge #FBPEThread:  
Oh, so that’s what Brexit means...  
Parliament has yet to vote on accepting the result of the EU Referendum.  Support @A50Challenge #A50Challenge 
"It is time for Labour’s leadership to join us and fight for Britain’s economic future, rather than allow the Conservatives to steer the UK towards a damaging and unmandated hard Brexit."  
Ben Jennings on Tory divisions over Brexit – cartoon  
The EU has threatened sanctions to stop the UK deregulating and cutting taxes after #Brexit – which is exactly why Britain was right to vote to leave in the first place. The idea that the EU is a cuddly, useful trading bloc is a fantasy.  
Dominic Raab has been in the news today. Raab was in a group of 5 Tory MPs, including Priti Patel and Liz Truss who accused British workers of being "among the worst idlers in the world" and called for Asian style work practices & low taxes.#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit #Waton 
We need to talk about EU & UK citizens’ rights after Brexit. It’s really not good...  
We cannot be in any form of customs union “because if we were we’d have our hands tied in negotiating free trade deals with other parts of the world” #Brexit  
Wonderful piece on Tory #brexit by Matthew Parris, former correspondence clerk at the UK Foreign Office and Conservative MP. 'Sometimes, the mask slips.'Let's hope the blindfold is next.  
I have long thought that listening to #JacobReesMogg was like a visit to the undertaker. The problem is, it's the UK economy he seeks to bury. #Brexit 
Ladies Valentine's Day is 10 days away, get you a man who can do it all. I nominate my brother Michael, he dresses well, sharp trim, 6'4 w/ shoes, creative genius, will laugh at your jokes, make y'all look good on his (and your ) YT/insta, and fears God like May fears Brexit  
Mo Salah is the best player in the league this season, give him that PFA POTY. Hazard, Mahrez, Kante, Salah. Muslim players bossing brexit means brexit league, too too good. Özil next season.  
London’s financial services industry wants a post-Brexit trade deal that grants extensive access to the EU market.If Brussels won’t let them have this, well, it doesn’t have a Plan B.#BrexitMeansOut 
Brexit will RUIN Germany as UK taxpayers stop funding EU coffers - say Germans   
I’ve cracked it.The only #Brexit that works for allIs one that doesn’t exist at all.@AmberRuddHR @theresa_may#StopTheMadness #StopBrexit 
Another spot-on piece by @NickCohen4  — and as for the bit below: that will forever remain one of the greatest Brexit tragedies. >> When Brexit fails to deliver it won’t be the fault of the Tory right. Oh no | Nick Cohen  
It is essential that @UKLabour now get off the fence and come clean with the voters - your support of Brexit #Cakeism will not work. If you are going to stay true to your values, be the opposition & either #StopBrexit or give the people the say on #FinalDeal? #PCPEU @W_A_T_O_N 
Dominic Raab spouting mendacious  cake-eating drivel about quitting the Customs Union and having frictionless trade. We must cease tolerating such blatant attempts to deceive the British people & pervert our democracy.#Brexit #StopBrexit #FBPE #cakeism 
We could be led by a drunken spider monkey about to drop acid for all the difference it'd make.There's no version of Brexit that isn't irredeemably shit.  
The stench from Brexit is becoming overpowering   
Who should be leading the country through Brexit? 
Brexit numbers, direct from @DExEUgov #Wearefucked #ExitFromBrexit pic.twitter.com/dxd1RLRle2 
@NSoames I am sorry to say that the anger and hatred I see is all in the Tory Party, which is bringing our country to rapid ruin through Brexit. I have left the Tory Party and have joined the LibDems. I am 70 y/o and not prone to impulsive acts. 
Beneath the mask, Mogg is a dangerous and deceitful bully on secondment from the 18th century /#Brexit #Mogg #Toxic 
After UK Brexit vote, I called all 'leave' voters to be prepared to pick  vegetables in place of current EU migrant labour. Mash Report took me  up:  … Now see short BBC piece on volunteers veg picking in Cornwall.  Boris J next?!!? 
Thank God that the Tory Party is dealing with #brexit what ever could go wrong   
Unfortunately not just aided & abetted #Syria genocide, also has illegal occupation forces in 3 European countries and also influenced #Brexit referendum, French, German and Czech elections. Plus #Montenegro coup attempt. 
And this goes for both main parties. The Tories think they just have to maintain the cakeist deceit long enough to get Brexit through at any cost. 4/ 
Molly sees all the French magazines on the Croissette in Cannes about Brexit and wonders — should she come home? Stayed tuned to this This Week for developments.  
'Be optimistic: we can reverse Brexit’  
Fruit and vegetables left to rot in fields as Brexit vote sees fall in EU workers  
A stab-in-the-back myth in the making—Brexit will not fail because British believed a fantasy but because judges, civil servants, saboteurs and mutineers subverted a glorious victory, a nationalist reaction fueled by the cowardice of May and Corbyn 
The #Brexit truth. #cakeism #StopBrexit 
Did you know?》The TPP (Trans-Pacific-Partnership) is now going ahead without the USA.》The USA, however, is a member of NAFTA.》That would make a post-Brexit UK the ONLY MEMBER of the G7 that WASN'T part of a trading block.#StopBrexit 
Boris promised we could have our cake and eat it with Brexit. The reality is that Brexit leaves us with crumbs. We’re better off if we #StopBrexit.#Cakeism  
Post Brexit Britain will provide greater opportunities for all forms of leisure, cultural exchanges and travel. Many things can happen when you take the bus to the Job Centre.#FBPE 
#cakeismNew entry to OED 2017... "Cake"Pronunciation: KAKEEtymology: post-Brexit unicornium Egs. of use:N. See Below... Also "Cakeism" - (the ideological adoration of Fanny Cradock)V. "He is caking" (talking rubbish) Adj. "Cakeish Brexit" (crumbly sponge)#stopbrexit 
Ryanair tickets will be stamped with the warning "Brexit means your plane might not fly"  
Except, @BBCNews, that @vincecable corrected @AndrewMarr9 when he used that phrase and said it was a #FinalSay on the facts of #Brexit, not a rerun of 2016. This is surely said enough times by lots of people for you to be accurate in language?  
I think it’s a  ng shame that people have to learn this boring shit. GDP is made up of three main buckets. (Wages and pensions) 55%, Profits (11%) and Tax (34%). So WTO Brexit wipes out £200bn+ of GDP. Which wipes out £68bn+ of tax. That’s about 70% of the NHS budget. 
If we don't get a grip and defeat the Brexists' #Cakeism we will end up with crumbs - Brexit is truly half-baked nonsense. #FBPE #PCPEU @UKLabour @LibDems @TheGreenParty @theSNP @Plaid_Cymru @guyverhofstadt @LordsEUCom @UKHouseofLords @CommonsEUexit 
2/ 'To me certainty would mean we knew what The Govt's plans were for Brexit, for the outcome....' @SusanKramer 
Jeremy Corbyn has the power to stop an extreme #Brexit - our letter urging him to use it   
1/ A few clips taken from this week's proceedings in The House of Lords re: European Union (Withdrawal) Bill – Second Reading. Baroness Helena Kennedy QC 'If only...' speech on Brexit. Must listen! @GuitarMoog @StevePeers @EmporersNewC @IanDunt @IanaDreyer @fascinatorfun 
Oppositions have sometimes opposed unimportant things just for the sake of opposing. Brexit is the most important issue this country has faced in my lifetime and this Opposition prostrates itself before the Tories. I will never forgive it.  
MESSAGE for #Remainer @AmberRuddHR YOU LOST the Argument on the 23 June 2016 Now get on with #BREXIT or PISS OFF & join your brother @RolandRudd at @Open_Britain where you belong! #BBC #SKY #LBC @ConHome @CCHQPress @Conservatives #Conservatives #AmberRudd #ConservativeParty #TORY 
What’s the promise of Brexit cake? Is this cake you want to eat? In 2016 the promise was of money for the NHS, border control, reduced immigration. But those aren’t the ingredients of Brexit cake. It is made of poverty, loss of influence, a reduced Britain. #Cakeism #StopBrexit 
It's time for a protest outside the BBC - against the constant bias pro Tory & pro Brexit. Their silence on the 60000 protest march and the one last year is disgraceful. We pay a licence fee for a balanced non bias. They are nothing more than Tory Government mouthpiece now. 
"Fools! Fools!" shouted the Brexit commentators, prancing around and stamping the earth with their small hoofs. "Fools! Do you not see what is written on the side of that van?" 
Labour has to recognise it can’t credibly lecture Tories on NHS,economy, workers’ rights or anything really while it still supports Brexit. 
So, the protesters weren't momentum "thugs" they were an antifa group outraged at moggs views on abortion and homosexuality , and the person who started the fight was a pro mogg pro brexit  martial arts expert who may have closer links to mogg than that. 
You might recall an HMT document in April 2016 over what would happen in the two years after a Brexit vote. Recession. Unemployment up by 500k, with absurdly precise breakdown for job losses in Scotland, Wales etc. Wages down 4pc etc. 
Arch #Remainer #AmberRudd worked for Pro EU #JPMorganBank her brother @RolandRudd worked for the #EU & is a friend of both #TonyBlair & #LordMandelson! #BBC #SKY @LBC #LBC @ConHome @CCHQPress #Tory @Conservatives #Conservatives #BREXIT @AmberRuddHR #ConservativeParty @theresa_may 
'Be optimistic': Andrew Adonis launches his drive to reverse Brexit  
Vince Cable - I am leading a party which is fundamentally right & united on the big issue of the day that is #Brexit.... we are winning the public argument which is essentially having a vote on the final deal.#StopBrexit #FBPE #marr 
Leave won the referendum but we ended up with a Remain PM & Chancellor supported by a Remain civil service who all want to keep us tethered to EU and who have no vision or desire for a future outside it. This cannot go on.   We need Leavers in charge.   
I'm sure all the member states are looking forward to the Referendum on this.When are you holding it?.  
@joswinson very clear that the vision of a 'cake and eat it' Brexit is 'total fantasy' Well worth a listen.#Cakeism #StopBrexit 
At long last I think I get it.  Brexit is a religion and facts are the devil’s work. 
The real attack on civil service impartiality comes when politicians instruct them to cook up dodgy dossiers (Iraq, Brexit etc). When the claims fall apart, the reputation of civil servants is needlessly damaged/vandalised. Spin should be left to politicians. 
The next move by White Nationalists Brexiteers & Bannon. Bannon helped Farage/Banks/WIgmore/Raheem/Mensch w/ Brexit, Rees-Mogg is rubber stamped by Putin. Oh &  #NeverTrump #TeamPatriot Louise Mensch  happens to be Rees-Mogg's BFF & godmother to his child 
Gus O’Donnell defends civil service objectivity on the grounds that Brexit is “selling snake oil”.  Which is, of course, precisely the mindset ministers complain about.  
EU is refusing to budge on post-Brexit financial services  
Boris Johnson "could not live with" a Swiss-style version of Brexit. Yet only two years ago the charlatan couldn't live without the single market. If you asked him what day of the week it is, would you check his answer with somebody else or just assume that he was lying?  
This Brexit mess cannot go on. Theresa May must stand down now | Matthew d’Ancona  
Theresa May prepares for Brexit progress.  
Sobering stuff by @smthgsmthg and @robfordmancs Brexit may be the first shot fired in a British culture war   
“How utterly pathetic that the ‘winning’ side of the EU referendum continues to blame the ‘losing’ side for the fact that the thing they ‘won’ has turned out to be precisely the towering bonfire of shit that we tried to warn them it would be.” (Mitch Benn) 
Vince Cable: Corbyn 'crucial' to second EU referendum hopes  
Thanks to @Remain_Labour for the email encouraging me to contact Jeremy & Keir to tell them my thoughts on their Brexit position. Please add your voice to influence #Labour by emailing leader@labour.org.uk & keir.starmer.mo@parliament.uk#PCPEU #StopBrexit #WATON #FBPE Pls share 
Ben Jennings on Brexit's back-seat drivers - political cartoon gallery in Putney  
Summary:1. Britain’s imperial fantasies have given us Brexit.2. Far-Right bigots ask, ludicrously, "If Britain is so dreadful, why do so many people want to come and live here?"3. Talk about racism! [Actually, Gary, you talk about little else! - Editor.]4. That's all, folks!  
Shouldn't be a problem finding British manual labour, there's plenty of unskilled unemployed dole-collecting Brexit-voting bigots, they should do these jobs now or risk losing their benefits, it's what they wanted, British jobs for British workers, right?!  
There's reports some Tory MPs want a "dream team" of Boris Johnson, Michael Gove, and Jacob Rees-Mogg to overthrow the prime minister if she fails to back a hard Brexit. Dream team or nightmare on Downing Street?  
'Italy will be first to break ranks' Brussels MUTINY - EU states DEMAND 'pragmatic Brexit'  
When the truth teller is attacked instead of the facts of the revealed disastrous consequences of brexit, we know UK is in the grip of a propaganda war , and our very democracy in grave peril. I support and believe the @UKCivilService 
Want to know more about the Single Market & Customs Union? Can we remain in them if we are out of the EU? What about a final say referendum? We provide speakers for @UKLabour meetings anywhere in the country. Plse RT & spread the word. 
Dear #FBPE brothers and sisters. Just because he may not look it do not think that he is not it. #jacobreesmogg #selfie #Moggmentum #truecolours #Brexit #facism #authoritarianism #nightmare #BrexitCoup  let us not appease hate and open the door to the path of darkness 
'@AmberRuddHR is trying to gain Leadership ground within the @cabinetofficeuk Do NOT trust her she is working for the #EU against the #UK like her brother @RolandRudd! #BBC #SKY @#LBC @ConHome @CCHQPress #Tory @Conservatives #Conservatives #BREXIT #AmberRudd #ConservativeParty 
The 2018 midterms will be the first nationwide referendum on the Trump administration. @ABC News is looking at the races and issues that will matter.  #18for18 
May will go any day now and its her own damned fault. She made promises and pretended she was keeping them when all the time she wasn´t. Sooner she goes and we get a team able to get  good brexit deal the better. 
The two enemies within the @cabinetofficeuk are the #TRAITORS @AmberRuddHR & @PhilipHammondUK both are working for the #EU against the #UK! #BBC #SKY @LBC #LBC @ConHome @CCHQPress #Tory @Conservatives #Conservatives #UKIP #BREXIT #PhilipHammond #AmberRudd #ConservativeParty 
Well said @david_duguid Will other MPs & peers support this call to enable success on one of the "acid tests" of Brexit? To ensure we 'take back control' (as voted for) of one of our greatest renewable resources rather than squander the chance by being trapped in a "transition".  
Blog: With Trump and Brexit two dark clouds, thank God for the next generation. They keep me going @not3sofficial @mabelmcvey  
."Brexit is as much about the details.British truckers are alarmed by the fact that, under current rules, they will be granted 1,200 permits to drive in the EU.For a fleet of 75,000 lorries." . by the EXCELLENT Chris Johns @skiduffer in @IrishTimes 
."Brexit has morphed into an attack on the institutions & constitution of the UK"by the EXCELLENT Chris Johns (@skiduffer)I didn't think he was on Twitter & haven't tagged him in the pastPlease help me make it up to him by giving him a follow . 
#Retweet & Share! If there was only Three candidates for #Tory Leader being a #RAT or @AmberRuddHR or @PhilipHammondUK which would you pick? #BBC #SKY @LBC #LBC @ConHome @CCHQPress #Tory @Conservatives #Conservatives #UKIP #BREXIT #PhilipHammond #AmberRudd #ConservativeParty 
The Left Wing Remoaner press have been so triggered by @Jacob_Rees_Mogg's completely accurate description of a politicised Civil Service that they are now conflating Brexit with the Nazis.Keep up the good work Jacob!  
On the day that Nigel Farage unveiled his Breaking Point poster, campaigning on the same side as @DanielJHannan in the EU referendum. I just... can’t. 
Business "hugely frustrated" by government delay on #Brexit immigration paper says #CBI.  
Surely Theresa May must see it's time to stand down. The pack is gathering, the momentum is shifting, and her position is unattainable. The PM has not been strong on Brexit, and you have staunch BREXITIERS in Jacob Rees-Mogg, and Boris Johnson lining up behind her, go now Mrs May 
Those who believe that #Britain will retain hard-won #HumanRights and other protections after #Brexit are in for a rude shock. @Theresa_May’s goal is to scrap #HRA and leave the #ECHR. Please read and share @Jon_Danzig’s report. Link:  #FBPE #PMinChina 
Thanks to @mikegalsworthy for drawing my attention to poll result that the north of England is now more anti-Brexit (54%) than the south (52%): 
Leave-supporting Tory MPs have been warned to back down amid reports they could topple the Prime Minister if she does not deliver their version of Brexit  
It seems @Keir_Starmer thinks Britain could have a place in a reconfigured EU. Absurd then that he wants us to quit the EU and so lose what would be our very major say in leading that reconfiguration. #Brexit has turned our politicians into fools.#FBPE #StopBrexit #WATON 
'The right does not want British institutions to take back control from the EU. It wants to take control of British institutions.'  Hard-hitting piece by Nick Cohen on the danger of British exceptionalism and the threat that Brexit poses to our democracy. #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
The EU is a joint effort at tackling common problems and achieving shared goals. Leaving because you held a miscalculated referendum to shut people up that don’t understand that is quite the perverse outcome. 
Cardiff City Supporter like boxing politics Brexit Trump hate Leftys Metal Music Maiden Ozzy GUNS N ROSES AC DC AND R.E.M. LOVE LIFE  
#Brexit and #Trump are the same things. Once again, Britain is a 'Petri dish' for an alt Reich takeover of  Conservatives/Republicans. No wonder Rees Mogg was briefed by Steve Bannon 
“Brexit will not be defeated because the Tory right sold the British a fantasy but because judges, civil servants, saboteurs and mutineers subverted a glorious victory.”@NickCohen4 on scintillating form. 
It’s almost as if Daniel Hannan wants to airbrush the murder of the first sitting MP - Jo Cox - in a century (in the run up to the #brexit referendum) out of history isn’t it?  
No. Definately not. This is a Tory Brexit negotiation. Was a Tory referendum. LAB voted against the EU wihdrawal bill. To repeat. Vote against LAB you get Tories. YOU are enabling Tories.  
Who saw this coming?Who even thought this would happen, because of Brexit?The answer is....anyone who wasn't conned by slogans on the sides of buses, and stories of wonderful new opportunities!NOW IS THE TIME!#ScotlandInTheEU #Referendum2018 #Vote_YES 
@BBCTimWillcox @BBCBreaking  Reasonably well balanced background article from BBC. Would be good to see UK media put more attention on #Catalonia and especially on desperate need to #FreeCatalanPoliticalPrisoners, arguably as big an EU issue as #Brexit  
“The importance of the turnout of younger voters will also be crucial given the obvious generational divide in...” A #repealthe8th referendum in May is vital   
Which of the following is most likely to be a Daily Express headline:Corbyn raises cancer risk: 20%Corbyn causes dementia: 28%Did Corbyn kill Diana?: 22%Corbyn's secret plot to eat children of Brexit voters: 30%Via YouGov  (Feb 4) #JeremyCarbon 
Ah, the classic -Bollocks, we're losing the argument, better call them Nazis- play.   #BBC #SKY @LBC #LBC @ConHome @CCHQPress #Tory @Conservatives #Conservatives #UKIP #BREXIT #PhilipHammond #TORIES #ConservativeParty #UK #UKIP #EU #JacobReesMogg #NEWS 
If Putin is not directly involved with Brexit and Trump, he must be thinking he is the luckiest man in the history of the universe.  
I think I have a solution for both the Westminster building overhaul & Brexit. Step 1: Temporarily relocate government here. - Step 2: Roll very large boulder across hatch. Step 3: Nobody say *anything*. 
I’m clear: the people started this #Brexit process, so they should be the ones who determine what we do at the end of it - #Brexit is not inevitable, the people must have the #FinalSay @BBCWorldatOne #tw2 
Jim O’Neill, the former chairman of Goldman Sachs Asset Management famous for coining the BRICs acronym, thinks there are bigger threats to the British economy than Brexit  
Once again the #BBC shows its bias. It is NOT a "second Brexit referendum" being discussed by @vincecable - he clearly states more than once, the proposal is for a vote on #FinalDeal. It's not a subtle difference, it's a big difference @LibDems @LibDemPress @DoddsJane @W_A_T_O_N 
I seem to have missed the referendum on quashing Irish neutrality.Like Rip Van Winkle, we are sleepwalking towards full military engagement with the imperialists.  
MEPs will "fight tooth and nail" to protect #citizensrights post #Brexit.  
That moment when you realize that Rees-Mogg and Jeremy Corbyn ... vote side by side on Brexit.#FBPE 
Brexit will make the rich richer and everyone else poorer. It really is that simple. #BrexitShambles 
How impartial are civil servants who leak Treasury projections not even seen by Brexit ministers or Downing Street 
100% correct. @uklabour should never have got behind Brexit. A referendum won on lies & with such ruinous consequences deserves no support. We all await a change of tack  
In my view the crucial issue for @theSNP re a 2nd #EU referendum is we cannot allow a situation where Scotland wishes re EU can be ignored or overridden again. Scotland’s wishes must be protected and respected #brexit #ScotlandsPlaceInEurope 
Important that @SimonHarrisTD has recommitted to referendum in late May. It is vital we give students a chance to vote #repealthe8th #twip 
Sorry, but to just fight "hard Brexit" is not good enough. This "Business Brexit" rubbish got us nowhere before, and it'll get us nowhere now. Soft Brexit is a myth. The only options are hard Brexit, no-deal Brexit and Remain.#StopBrexit 
."The divisions among senior Tories over Brexit were laid bare on Sunday as Government ministers contradicted each other on vital details within minutes.". 
"Best possible deal for Britain" Essentially means having crashed the Rolls Royce heading down second hand car dealers to get "Best possible second hand car for Britain" #Brexit 
Funny isn’t it that so many senior civil servants are left wing and anti Brexit?  & Lord O’Donnell on @PrestonONsunday 
Very significant in context of my earlier tweet. Labour party members clearly want their say. We want Jeremy to succeed, and the foundation of success is to fight Brexit & the far right/UKIP. We didn’t come into politics to hand the country over to Farage & Rees-Mogg!  
Dominic Raab has today repeated the mendacious nonsense that we can be outside any Customs Union while having frictionless trade with the EU.These lies are perverting our democracy. The struggle against #Brexit is a struggle for democracy. #StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON 
Jacob Rees-Mogg & Steve Baker are heading the Hard-Brexit Alt-Right. Using tactics straight from Donald Trump's playbook to dismiss the obvious, to poison facts and confuse situations. Brexit will profit only the privileged few - we must reject it with all our might! #StopBrexit 
Sickening. This behaviour can be described as nothing but racism.Now ingrained into our national psyche.Now somehow legitimised.I will NEVER accept #BrexitI will NEVER accept #Racism#StopBrexit #FBPE #StandUpToRacism 
Would the @BBCNews and others stop using the term 'Brexiteers' which glamorizes a clique of lying trolls who would gladly wreck the country in pursuit of their personal greed and ambition. #StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON #Brexit 
The @theSNP Westminster Leader @IanBlackfordMP on a second Brexit vote: We are open to whether or not there may be a set of circumstances that there may be a second vote but that is not our preferred position #bbcsp Scotland 
Make no mistake about it. The EU wants to bankrupt the UK. However if UK leaves on Hard Brexit it will be the EU that will probably become bankrupt. Which option do you prefer? 
'You do not have to know much history to recognise a stab-in-the-back myth in the making.'@NickCohen4 is right! The hard-right (& some hard-left) are moving to blame 'failure' of #Brexit on others. This risks the stability of the UK.A superb article that should be widely shared  
"I don’t think there’s any doubt that the Treasury have an outcome that they prefer, it’s been very clear that they have been wrong up until now." #Brexit  
I don’t get it. The NHS bus promise probably swayed the referendum vote. But now the Brexiters are simply ignoring the plight of the NHS. No money tree etc.#FundtheNHS#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Dear UK taxpayers,The fact you don't know your money is being used by Tory MPs to fund a Tory hard-Brexit lobby group is probably because the mainstream press have refused to report it.When are we going to get angry?Regards,Tom 
Looks like all this Brexit nonsense is really starting to get to Theresa May.  
Former cabinet secretary Lord Gus O'Donnell has said attacks on the civil service for allegedly sabotaging Brexit are "completely crazy"  
I should point out, this tweet did not mention Brexit AT ALL.Brexiteers berating me for accusing Leavers of being like this... if that's the guilt you carry, it's not coming from me.  
Arsenal Twitter uniting to take on the fabricated Brexit Chant accusation. Can talk about Wenger In/Out but never accuse us of voting Leave... 
If the Brexiters threaten a coup to oust May - all she needs do is offer a second referendum to the people whilst still in power - the people will definitely go for it  - no brainer id say  
During the referendum Amber Rudd used her departmental Twitter account to scaremonger that the UK economy would fall into recession of we left the EU. Today she told Marr Brexit Britain’s economy “will absolutely grow”. What a difference 19 months makes…  
Brandon Lewis on Brexit talks: “We never said this would be easy.” On the contrary, numerous Leavers now in Cabinet said exactly that. 
Theresa May could face a coup that will bring in a Brexit “dream team” if she brings in plans to keep Britain in a customs union with the EU  
Matthew Parris delivers the journalistic equivalent of napalm! Matthew is one of a very small number of true journalists prepared to stand up and tell it the way it is. The fawning sycophants who fail to challenge Brexit should hang their heads in shame.  
Varoufakis to Labour MPs: "I am in favour of a second referendum, but not one that annuls the first one." See more on this, a pan-European living wage, the NHS and Norway Plus, and 'take back control'.   
Brandon Lewis, on Brexit: “We never said this would be easy”. Others in the Cabinet did actually #bbcsp 
Having just seen Dominic Raab on @SkyNews, I'm reminded that he stated that Tory MPs would demand a 2nd referendum in the event of a #Remain victory. Now, of course, he's one of the Tories denying us a #FinalSay referendum. #Brexit hypocrisy!#StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON 
Julia Hartley-Pissup says she wants what the British electorate wants. Well if they wanted hard Brexit they would have given the Tories a majority.  They didn't.  #bbcsp 
Voted remain, but it's this sort of nonsense that made Brexit inevitable. You haven't learned. 
What was Brexit really about?  #Yanis Varoufakis 
I am a ‘dissident Conservative’ and agree with Vince Cable on the need for a 1st referendum on the Brexit deal. I’ll support any anti-Brexit politician and Party to help stop Brexit.  #FBPE 
Why a second Brexit referendum makes no sense  #Yanis Varoufakis 
1)  Just a word on balance, guests & #BrexitThere's virtually no point in having a Tory & Labour MP on in the hope you'll get balanceBoth parties split on Brexit, both have essentially the same policySo you won't get honesty, just 2 variations of the same equivocation 
Key issue is almost all the Brexit economic forecasts are negative, not just HMG's, with exception of what used to be called 'Economists for Brexit' which JRM etc choose to take as the only 'unbiased' one, despite it having been debunked several times e.g.  
Raab is essentially saying forecasts are useless.So we cannot predict economic outcomesSo we're doing Brexit and gambling the future of the UK based on hope that things may or may not be betterComplete change in how we trade based on zero evidence 
Brexit will make the v rich a lot richer and the v poor a lot poorer, which is why Rees-Mogg and Murdoch wanted it.  
Junker, that ignorant Belgian pig who has been insulting Britain and her people ever since brexit started, now suddenly wants us to stay in the EU. He doesn´t realise that what he has planned for the people of Europe is nothing we want part of. He can piss off. 
If @theresa_may is bold and confident she will have Britain behind her. If she is weak, the country will be confused and angry! Jacob Rees-Mogg WARNS against 'grave error' of ‘fudging Brexit’ as he tops leadership race  
Calling #FBPE -ers and #WATON -ers! This Sunday's Twitter storm is special as it is from 4-6pm GMT. Please join us. Let's work together to make sure brexit is soon gone with the wind. Plus, there's cake!  
Third countries already demanding concessions in future U.K. accords to allow it to stay in EU agreements during post-#Brexit transitional period. In other words, the future deals will be worse than the EU ones UK is throwing away. Who would have thought. 
This is @Jacob_Rees_MoggA man who speaks for many on #BrexitThe Government would do well to listen to him.He speaks for the country on #BrexitAnd the Left are afraid of him.A man for the people. #Conservatives #bbcqt #MoggMentum  #Paterson #bbcsp #MarrShow 
Leaders of the Liberal Democrats, SNP, Plaid Cymru and the Greens have signed a joint letter calling on Jeremy Corbyn to rethink Labour’s position on Brexit ahead of a meeting with his MPs.  
A Remainer who understands what the referendum was about  
Brexit is damaging to the UK and makes us all poorer.Leave voters are starting to realise our future lies in the EU.Keep up the pressure we can #StopBrexitSaveBritian.#FBPE #StopBrexit #A50Challenge #WATON 
I pressed him on lots of things (Britain First, guns, Brexit/EU etc), as anyone who actually watched it knows. That's why it made so much news before my jealous media rivals sank their claws in.  
During the referendum Amber Rudd used her departmental Twitter account to warn UK would fall into recession if we left the EU.Today she said Brexit Britain's economy "will absolutely grow" 
“It would be like you and I negotiating with you knowing exactly what you want and I haven’t got a clue. You’re going to win.” .@Gus_ODonnell urges Theresa May and the Government to soon decide what they want from Brexit.  
EMAIL YOUR MP ASAP AND TELL THEM YOU DON'T WANT #Brexit. If you are a Leaver who is a #Remainernow please do the same. MP'S need tangible evidence to confront party leaders. Let them know public opinion has moved please RT. #StopBrexitSaveBritain #FBPE #Remain #brexitshambles 
Has anyone pointed out the parallel in timing and method between Trump declaring war on the FBI and security services and the Tory Luniteers blaming Brexit's mounting failings on the civil service? If not, I will. Governments doing this is straight out of the nazi manual. 
All the Gov forecasts before #Brexit were totally wrong.Instead of those making the forecasts being sacked, as they would be in the private sector,they are still there churning out worthless forecasts.The public sector rewards failure. 
Ha!So Vince Cable perpetuates the monstrous CALUMNY that Labour is collluding with the Tories on #Brexit,Just ONE thing to say to you Vince* CON/LIB COALITION* 
Treasury’s “sums don’t stack up” as driven by outdated, erroneous assumptions.Also driven by relentless determination of over-entitled politicians & civil servants to sabotage Brexit.Me in @Telegraph @telebusiness 
Mark Carney defends Bank of England's forecasts, saying they correctly showed the economy would suffer from Brexit vote  
“That is completely crazy”: @Gus_ODonnell rejects claims civil servants has attempted to sabotage Brexit.  
It seems a "transition" where we become a vassal state presents same grave threat to Defense as well as fisheries & agriculture. Signing up to re-obey all EU laws after Brexit flies in face of biggest democratic instruction in British history & undermines our sovereignty more!  
Rudd is now surprisingly talking positively about Brexit Britain, noting that the Commons Fisheries policy is hated in her own Hastings constituency. Has she finally seen the light or is this a career move?  
I'm a life long London tory voter. Because of the advisory referendum I'm proud to be running for @HarrowWealdLibD 
Opposition leaders have called on Jeremy Corbyn to rethink Labour's Brexit position  
Corbyn challenged by opposition parties on Brexit stance  
There we have it. Amber Rudd on #marrshow spells it out - Rees-Mogg Brexit is not on the cards for reasons of the economy, N Ireland etc etc. Which raises the question - is a soft Brexit worth the candle? Which raises the question - should we leave at all? 2nd Vote - bring it on 
Friends! God help us!The Far-Right Rees-Mogg is totally out of touch with mainstream pro-EU, anti-Brexit opinion, e.g. Our Civil Service, which has - literally - made Britain the country it is today!No wonder that all of our totally impartial Civil Servants hate him so much!  
Brexit Dark Mirror: Take  back control means explicitly: losing control; Sovereignty  slides into Undemocracy. People expressing democracy are branded Nationalists, whilst flag-obsessed  Nationalists are described as anti-establishment radicals.  
Why hasn't the BBC instructed its political presenters to stop reffering to anyone against a catastrophic Hard Brexit as "Remoaners," like @BBCLauraK has done on the BBC Daily Politics this year. #Marr  #Paterson #BBCSP #BBCDP #BBCTW 
People still talking about a Labour election victory to stop Brexit are living in dreamland. We have until October 2018 to stop this before any agreed deal goes to the EU Parliaments and by March 2019 that’s it.  
UK economy will "absolutely grow" after leaving the European Union, says Home Secretary Amber Rudd #Brexit #Marr 
Jacob Rees-Mogg has to attack the Treasury reports because they destroy the economic case for Brexit.#FBPE #WATON 
Even soft Brexit advocate Amber Rudd acknowledges Brexit vote not all about economics, says for example in her constituency they “hate the Common Fisheries Policy”. #Marr 
By supporting Brexit for Scotland both @ScotTories & @scottishlabour are endorsing a smaller, less well funded Scottish NHS so people will die.  It's inevitable.  Austerity is a walk in the park compared to Brexit. Wake up Scotland 
What we saw from @vincecable this morning was the honest determination a man who grasps the facts of #Brexit, cares about the consequences and will keep fighting for Britain's best interests. He's the only national party leader who's actually leading.#FBPE #LibDems #Marr #BBC 
“On the hundredth anniversary of working-class men and women getting the vote, Remainers are trying to overthrow something that millions of working-class men and women voted for.”Brendan O’Neill on the elitist assault on Brexit and democracy.  
And: you can either have the NHS or Brexit.  
Gerry Adams states it plainly on #MarrShow :Brexit is disastrous for the Irish and the agreement was a fudge. This is true for EU citizens and Brits in Europe too.It is true for all of us. Hear the truth and stop the disaster. #FBPE 
Jeremy Corbyn will come under "enormous pressure" to back second #Brexit referendum, Lib Dem leader Sir Vince Cable predicts #Marr 
Vince Cable says Jeremy Corbyn has effectively worked in collusion with Theresa May and her government to enable #brexit to happen and there is a simmering anger about that.#StopBrexit #FBPE #marr 
“Brexit is disastrous for the people of Ireland” – President of Sinn Féin @GerryAdamsSF tells #marr 
Whoever the Conservative leader is, there is no parliamentary majority for a low tax, low regulation Brexit. 
.@vincecable - the vast majority of Labour MPs and supporters are concerned that Jeremy Corbyn hasn't opposed Brexit and his effective collusion with the government to make Brexit happen. He will be under enormous pressure to support a vote on the deal #Marr 
Remember Express and Mail telling their greedy readers Brexit would be great for property values? (Sunday Times)  
.@Econs4FreeTrade highlight why it is vital that we seize the opportunities of Brexit and unshackle the UK from restrictive red tape.  
.@vincecable -  The @LibDems are right and united on the biggest issue of the day, which is Brexit, and we are winning the public argument that there should be a vote on the deal #Marr 
Excessive EU regulation currently costs us £120 billion annually...but this could DOUBLE if we fail to ditch Brussels red tape after Brexit.  
RT if it's getting to the point where you'd actually like to see these guys take over just so they'd finally have to take some responsibility for #Brexit and maybe even recognise quite what a cl*sterf*ck it really is.  
#Marr is stuffed full of #REMOANERS as usual.@BBC continue their campaign to kill off #Brexit.@Ofcom should act but they are completely toothless and useless. 
Theresa May could face a coup that would install a “dream team” of Boris Johnson, Michael Gove and Jacob Rees-Mogg if she persists with plans to keep Britain in a customs union with the European Union. Could this "dream team" be the saviour of Brexit?  
Failing to ditch EU regulations after Brexit could cost the economy £240 billion a year, @Econs4FreeTrade warns today 
#Marr is not happy! His face is saying SHUT UP as female guest dares to suggest that #ReesMogg is a liar and has lied about the civil service and their role in the leaking of the brexit document. He doesn't want these two women arguing about the TRUTH & showing us what happened! 
Sometimes it feels like the #FBPE crowd are just making it up as they go. There’s no reason why TAX receipts should fall after Brexit, and even if they did, it is not a problem. Govt is in control. Fiscal policy controls unemployment & incomes. Tax is a result of govt spending. 
TEAM BREXIT: Mogg, Boris & Gove could replace May.Time for Brexiteers to take back control?  
Team Brexit? Boris as PM; the Mogg as Chancellor.It's the best chance we have to secure the Brexit we voted for! 
Sorry - but a slim majority in an advisory referendum is NO mandate for anything.Advisory means advisory.#StopBrexit#A50challenge 
What we all knew about the Tories two years ago: their only actual policy is NO SURRENDER TO A SECOND REFERENDUM.  
"Brexiteers in the Cabinet are starting to have to face that the EU won’t provide everything they imagined it would, and that they’ll soon have to face up to a Brexit that delivers much less than they promised."  
Just a reminder, before the Sunday morning politics shows start, that any Remainer who persists in peddling the myth, that Leave-voters did not necessarily know or agree that #Brexit meant leaving the Single Market, is flat-out lying.#Marr#Paterson#bbcsp 
Tory MPs reportedly want a Brexit 'dream team' of Boris Johnson, Michael Gove, and Jacob Rees-Mogg to overthrow Theresa May  
A sobering & frightening  “must read” for Sunday morning :  When Brexit fails to deliver it won’t be the fault of the Tory right. Oh no | Nick Cohen | Opinion | The Guardian  
A breathtakingly incisive and comprehensive list of questions to #AskYourMP. They are the questions everyone should be asking about brexit.  
Theresa May has got to be strong like Mrs Thatcher was and stand up against Remainer Hammond. Brexit is about taking back control of our money, laws and borders and she has got to deliver... via 
How would Brexit age your husband, by years, with worry?  According to the 'real data' Government statisticians got the last 18 months growth out by 2.7%.  Is that why?  They were so wrong last time?  
New BREXIT stamp due out soon  
Fruit and vegetables left to rot in Scottish fields as Brexit vote sees fall in EU workers  
I want to be clear; I voted to remain in the referendum. BUT NOW I am in little doubt that the UK can have a bright future  That future is NOT as a member, full or associate, of the single market. 
TOO BIG FOR HIS BOOTS & TOO SMALL FOR HIS HATDavid Cameron will be remembered for his epic arrogance who believed he could get all the thick peasants to vote as he wanted in the EU Referendum. A huge miscalculation stemming from his condescending arrogance.  
Don't let Philip Hammond ruin Brexit:  
I remember the Poll Tax being voted through, enacted, and implemented by Parliamentary democracy. Did it stop being utterly destructive? No. In that case, people rioted until it was revoked. If necessary, the same will happen again if Brexit is pushed through against common sense 
Brexit was the result of a massive working class voteWhy does the modern labour party hate the working class?  
Europhile civil servants must not be allowed to dictate the terms of Brexit  
THE PRIME MINISTERIf Theresa May starts showing some backbone, then she will remain as prime minister. But if she continues to let the EU push her around, almost apologising for Brexit, allowing the EU to treat her, and this country, with contempt, then her days are numbered.  
Many now regret voting leave, realising how much they were deceived by Brexit campaigners (most of whom were hard-right) and now see the dire consequences. In case you've forgotten the shameful lies put out in support of Brexit here's a short list of them.  
If you haven’t caught up with the Bad Boys of Brexit yet check this article where I explain why I’ve launched...  
"Stopping #Brexit now would cause mayhem."Only if people like YOU cause it! There's no law of nature that says a sensible appraisal of where we are now versus what was promised MUST result in chaos.That's why #FinalSay = best solution - let ppl re-think based on facts not lies. 
I launched a website to show how sinister the 'Bad Boys of Brexit' areSomething to wake you up this Sunday morning and to give you an insight into what Rees-Mogg is really up to 
Jacob Rees-Mogg is not shying away from telling the Prime Minister that the Chancellor, Philip Hammond and his ministers / civil servants are actively attempting to thwart #Brexit ...... If Theresa May stays, then surely Hammond has to go ! 
If @Jacob_Rees_Mogg thinks the Brexit figures are being fiddled he must know the unfiddled ones.Come on Jake, share them with us great unwashed. 
We can't have another referendum because people have changed their minds, the right thing to do is have a referendum because we now know the facts of what we're voting for. This isn't about people changing their minds, we weren't given all the facts to vote in the 1st place 
Conservative Party Chairman, Brandon Lewis, stood for Parliament on a platform of being completely open about his expenses. He has racked up over £1m in expenses including funding the Hard-Brexit lobbgy group European Research Group #Dodgy #Marr #BBCSP  
These two are firing on all cylinders talking Brexit, plastics, Super Bowl, alternative Indian Olympics and Puppy Bowl. @skystephen @skygillian 
The reason the @Conservatives are a spent force in British politics: Tory membership has fallen below 70,000, they are elderly, predominantly male and overwhelmingly in favour of hard Brexit. 
Jacob Rees-Mogg has stepped up his attack on the Treasury, accusing civil servants in the department of producing a Brexit report that is "fundamentally wrong"  
Buried in @ShippersUnbound + @cazjwheeler story is nugget: 10 Tory ministers on “resignation watch” if May veers from hard Brexit 
Brexit attacks on civil service ‘are worthy of 1930s’As Brexit fantasies unravel those who lied to British people are seeking somebody to blame.@Jacob_Rees_Mogg leads the far-right attacks on the independent civil service that is so vital to democracy 
Only the BBC can turn an attack on Remainers into an attack on Brexit...  
Ministers 'vague' and 'divided' over Brexit, senior Tory claims  
I'm personally really tired of lobbyists like @BillTieleman owning our politics. I'm ready to be rid of them.Bill here actually argued that big corporate money should be allowed in the referendum. Enough of this.#bcpoli 
Brexit attacks on civil service ‘are worthy of 1930s Germany’  
‘Senior colleagues’ are upset by egotistical Nicola’s second referendum stance though, ever the spineless chancers, they leave it to Jim Sillars to leak their view. @BRRSC @2351onthelist @ukunionvoice @cultfree54 @athomsonkinross @Del_ivered @mik61scot @AgentP22 @lass_ayrshire 
#FBPE it's refreshing to see so many people in the UK "passionate about Europe". That is really what this Brexit mess brought us. The common sense folks can campaign too. Billionaires, we're taking our country back! We're European. 
That's why we have Tory MP Chris Heaton-Harris making a list of the names of all of the academic professors who are challenging the government's Brexit propaganda."1930s Germany"  
You disagree with Corbyn? You want Labour to be anti-Brexit? Then feel free to express your opinion and people can debate.But to weaponise the death of Jo Cox is extremely insensitive and disgusting.  
The European Union is a symbol of strength.- strong economy- strong security- strong democracy- strong opportunity- strong equality- strong ethics- strong friendshipBREXIT is weak. The only thing its been strong on, is division. Even the brexiters are divided over it. 
How did Paul Ryan not pick up on the woman’s obvious sarcasmI love how we shot in the foot with Brexit and America went one better and set themselves on fire   
591 days since the referendum and the prime minister and her fucking government have made no fucking attempt whatsoever to fucking unite the country. We face decades of division and blue fucking passports all for fucking what? 
These allegations come after a discourse of alleged #Russian meddling in the U.S. #election, in the affairs of #France, #Germany, in #Brexit, and even in #Catalonia's independence 
I still wouldn't vote Labour now - not after the way he has enabled this Tory Gov to ensure safe passage of Brexit through H of C - too little too late for me personally.  I don't trust him now.  
#Britain's #EU membership means ministers are currently powerless to act against the practice! If you care about #animals you must back #BREXIT!  #BBC #SKY @LBC #LBC @ConHome #UK @CCHQPress #Tory @Conservatives #ConservativeParty #Labour #LibDems #UKIP 
An excellent point that i've been telling my friends and colleagues also. Elitists, Nationalists, the far right, the far left, disaster capitalists, and utter snobs appear to want Brexit. This ought to be enough to show people that Brexit is not in our interest.  
#Sunday #sundaymotivation @theresa_may @BorisJohnson @DavidDavisMP #brexit #BrexitShambles driven by dogma and deluded dreams of empire #skypapers 
Death by Tax Cuts: 0Death by Net Neutrality Repeal: 0Death by Brexit: 0Death by Paris Climate Exit: 0Death by Regulation Repeal: 0  
Judges are not “enemies of the people”. Remain MPs are not “saboteurs”. And civil servants doing their jobs giving impartial advice are not “traitors”.Brexit is damaging our country. We need to #StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
BBC Have some journalistic integrity and stop bowing to the government!Being neutral doesn't mean you have to pretend like the positives and the negatives of drinking arsenic are equal. So stop doing that with Brexit!  
Rees-Mogg refuses to back down on SHOCK claim Treasury is 'FIDDLING figures' on Brexit  
Opinion is shifting against #Brexit. #marr  #bbcnews #SundayMorning 
Every fascist needs a "myth of betrayal". Farage, Banks and other extreme-right hard-Brexiters are already busy constructing one. They'll be ready to exploit the economic chaos that Brexit will cause - ideal conditions for fascism to thrive.  
Jacob Rees-Mogg has warned Theresa May to deliver hard Brexit 
You, Sir, you are the one with the power to stop the march of the hard right in Britain. The shadow Cabinet need to convince Mr Corbyn to take a hard line against #Brexit. Without that hard line, Labour and Britain will be lost to the Tory hard right. 
#SkyPapers There is only Brexit, anything less (so called soft Brexit) is not Brexit, it is not what we voted for, it’s dishonest, and it’s the establishment that’s behind the attempt to undermine democracy. 
I concur. It is the people who can save the UK from #Brexit as the leaderships of the Tories and Labour are not presently capable of doing so.#ExitFromBrexit 
Post-referendum tightening of labour market fuelling salary increases in private sector.More evidence that an over-supply of labour caused wage depression - as some of us in the labour movement have been arguing for years. Not that anyone listened.  
Wanted: an opposition that will stand up to May on Brexit.Labour MPs should fight for what they believe in and oppose this crazy Tory Brexit, says @johnmcternan.Time to #StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
This is very important. There is no time. Everyone needs to start talking to everyone - talking . There is still time to save this country from the inevitable decline and limits on our children's future that Brexit will bring. Ignore RM & the rest-it's us 'the people' that matter  
Sometimes I think Brexit has triggered things that could fatally damage our country forever.  
Asked why German exports to China out-scores the UK six-to-one, Conservative deputy chair James Cleverly said the UK has been ‘dissuaded’ by EU membership from exporting globally — the intellectual barrenness of this nonsense is woeful #brexit @bbcradio4 
It should be possible to accept that the Brexit situation is developing not necessarily to Britain’s advantage without endlessly invoking Hitler 
Could a supporter of Brexit please explain why this right and privilege should be stolen from me and my compatriots?  
That headline was allowed to run for over 12 hours today. BBC News have just changed it to "Rees-Mogg says treasury fiddling figures on Brexit."  So sad that BBC News has adopted the Daily Mail modus operandus. Amend/apologise after the damage is done. 
Sky Paper review. Thank goodness for the refreshingly honest and competent Rachel Shabi. Who exposed the almost demonic bias of my namesake Brendan O'Neill. He was apoplectic about her reasoned and balanced take on Brexit. Whilst pushing for a Johnson, Gove, Mogg, dream team! 
Brexit attacks on civil service ‘are worthy of 1930s Germany’  
Agreed - especially when BBC News doesn't care to put a huge pro-NHS march on its front page, but rather leads with "Treasury 'fiddling figures' on Brexit"  ...giving Rees-Mogg's preferred rumours ample exposure - because to the BBC, JRM is important and 60,000 people are not.  
I’d go further. A leadership contest will cause soft Brexit Tory MPs to caucus behind a candidate. That candidate won’t win but those MPs who fought on a EFTA/stay in CU ticket will feel less loyal to victor and emboldened to vote for this in Commons. 
NHS workers march en masse to London, trouble at a Jacob Rees-Mogg event, Brexit chaos and this is the front page of a Sunday right wing rag, what a bloody non story, that's really going to win the tories more votes. 
You got that slogan wrong: All for themselves and none for the country. ... Never forget that Brexit is only the result of Cameron’s disastrous attempt to solve internal Tory infighting. He made it worse and to this day it is what Brexit is about. This has to stop.  
Here's what people care about - NHS - also a focus at our Renew candidate launch & training today! Give NHS more resources, and reform the system so staff can do their jobs..We worry Brexit will add more pressure #RenewBritain #Renewfollow #RethinkBrexit 
Interesting interview with Grieve but, if we’re running out of time to change our minds on Brexit, maybe the politicians who don’t believe in it, need to all stand together now and urgently and loudly oppose it.  
We live in an idiocracy. My piece on Brexit for @FT: 
The former Attorney General, #DominicGrieve, MP, has said emphatically that Britain only has six months to change its mind about #Brexit. Read and share @Jon_Danzig’s report. Link:  #FBPE 
Brexit comes down to this: a bunch of here-today-gone-tomorrow politicians screwing up this country’s chances for generations 
You can install as many Brexiteers as you like in No10. It won’t change the maths in the Commons, where there is no majority for a hard Brexit. Changing PM doesn’t change maths  
Treasury officials are fiddling the figures on Brexit, says Jacob...  via @MailOnline 
“#Brexit attacks on civil service ‘are worthy of 1930’s Germany’-@observer#Brexiter Ultras-  like the #Trumpists in the USA- are so zealous and frenzied  in their Cause that they risk undermining the institutions of the State itself.pic-@hendopolis 
Gosh, if only those backward brexit types would stop invoking the war.  
So @spaceangel1964 had a good positive experience whilst out for a curry last night in Bromsgrove, she met a man whose whole family are #bregretters as they are “horrified about the reality of #brexit “This is why so many are #remainernow - let’s keep having these conversations! 
Brexit tapestry unveiled...  
Here’s what would be nice: if both sides of the Brexit debate stopped using World War Two metaphors to describe what is a peaceful dispute about trade. pic.twitter.com/a1ScNNYgNx 
"Ruin Brexit"?That's up there with spoiling Salmonella.   
There's no majority in the Commons for the Brexit fantasy of some Conservative MPs. May could be the 4th Tory PM in a row to fall over Europe. They could have a leadership contest every 6 months and there would still be no majority. 
If you think some civil servants might not be totally loving Brexit and got their forecasts wrong during the referendum you’re a Nazi.  
Varoufakis:  Nothing helped the Brexit cause more than the ludicrous pre Brexit #ProjectFear by the Treasury, the Bank of England, Christine Lagarde and Wofgang  Schäuble. 
I fear a Corbyn Brexit even more than a May Brexit because he really does believe in it. 
OBSERVER: Brexit attacks on civil service ‘are worthy of 1930’s Germany’ #tomorrowspaperstoday 
@Labour4EU This was not a figment of imagination. This was todays march to Stop Brexit and fund the NHS if this is not on the news we will shout it out ourselves. #StopBrexit  RT so everyone knows how big this march was please. 
We don't need no EU dictation.We don't need no EU controlNo dark sarcasm in the classroom.MPs leave us Brits aloneHey! Theresa! Leave them Brits aloneAll in all it's just another brick in the wallAll in all you're just another brick in the wall#Brexit #ReleaseTheUK 
This was not a figment of imagination. This was todays march to Stop Brexit and fund the NHS if this is not on the news we will shout it out ourselves. #StopBrexit  RT so everyone knows how big this march was please. 
Anyone who's been on any pro-EU, anti-Brexit march knows that they do not get reported by @BBCNews , so no surprises here. Let's at least RT as much as we can #NHS #SaveOurNHS  
When future generations come to judge us the BBC will be seen as much more than just complicit in the great #Brexit swindle. They are enabling, without question, the greatest fraud the British people have ever seen. Shame on them.  
Several people asked if I was starting a party. I have started a movement. I want people to join me and help define a patriotic view of Britain post-Brexit. With a clear vision, we will fight for a free and prosperous Britain and make it great again.   
If the British government thought the reports uphold Brexit, they would publish all of them with great fanfare to shame and convince Remainers.They hide them instead because they don’t want Brexiteers to decide for themselves and maybe change their mind. pic.twitter.com/umpGRxYFYW 
The "clueless" government is pursuing an "I haven't got a clue Brexit", a Labour peer has said.  
The #StopBrexit #GreatNorthernMarch extends a special invite to all our #RemainerNow friends! Join us, Saturday March 24th in Leeds. We will stop the Brexit disaster together.More info at: . 
Hundreds of thousands dead AND the decline of the greatest empire known to man... but NO! Matthew Parris says Brexit is worse than these things, revealing Remainers’ ahistorical, soulless, anti-human hysteria. They prefer globalist cash to humanity.  
Ryanair will stamp tickets to warn that Brexit means your plane may not fly  
Who do you think you are kidding Theresa May If you think we're on the run?We are the boys who will stop your little game.We are the boys who will make you think again.'Cause who do you think you are kidding Mrs MayIf you think old England's done?#ReleaseTheUK #Brexit  
My answer to American aggression on Russia: - Recognize Donetsk and Lugansk - Referendum in South Ossetia, regions of Novorossiya- Send tanks and troops to Kiev- Reopen the Cuban base which closed in 2003- Bomb the crap out of American illegal bases in Syria#US #Russia 
Why the British economy has done better than expected since the Brexit vote  
Bored, so watching Dad’s Army. It’s bumbling, ridiculous, ‘we’re British so we’re best and we’ll middle through’ attitude is amusing as a 1960s comedy...not so funny as government approach to Brexit. #FBPE 
Scot Giv figs on damage to Scotland of Brexit in the 3 scenarios were 8.5% 6.1% 2.7% UK Gov for damage to UK are 8% 5% 2%. Firstly, Brexit even worse for Scotland. Secondly, Theresa May is choosing 2nd option - 5% damage to UK & 6.1% to Scotland. 
Key global trade partners outside EU want concessions from UK if it is to retain the benefits it enjoys under EU trade deals during a post-Brexit transition period, and after.“The U.K. is simply not powerful enough to make such demands on its own” 
Brexit impact analysis is the stuff of nightmares.No wonder David Davis has been so keen to hide the studies.Even his own department’s analysis shows Brexit is a disaster.Time to #StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
Britain's presence in the EU is over and you should be aware of the consequences, French minister tells Japan's businesses  
Please retweet if you think it’s time Jeremy Corbyn ruled IN a second Brexit referendum, and in doing so rules IN the support of millions of potential Labour votes at the next election.Every indicator reinforces the need to #StopBrexit.Retweet please if you agree. 
"accept the agreement or leave the EU with no agreement."This is an insult to the British people, it is a mockery of democracy and Parliamentary sovereignty. It is a Mafia choice.Please spread this as far & wide as possible.#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit /1  
Just been on @BBCNews pushing back at @Jacob_Rees_Mogg's latest baseless attacks on the civil service. Theresa May and her ministers should be out there defending officials working hard for best possible #Brexit:  
Amazing. The BBC may have ignored them, but the NHS marches were the third item on the main German TV evening news (ARD). Long report. Also mentioned that #Brexit is expected to exacerbate the problems.#nhsdemo#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
I can’t see many people wanting to vote for an extreme, hard right, Brexit-supporting party again, even if it does call itself ‘Labour.’ 
Brexit Explained  
Fear is the reason most Tory MPs are supporting Brexit: fear of the party’s Brexit mafia, fear for their jobs, fear at being criticised by the whips, fear for their promotion prospects. They know they are harming their country, but they are afraid. #marr  #bbcsp 
Idiocracy. There is no better word to describe Britain today, the consequence of consistent and continuous dumbing down.An opposition that will stand up to May on Brexit is needed, but don’t expect the Labour party to hold this government to account. 
And people march for #NHS but Labour can’t own that crusade until it disowns Brexit as we can’t afford that and NHS.  
Brexit or Remain?Senior Brexiteer JRM allegedly accused Treasury civil servants of “fiddling the figures” on Britain’s withdrawal from the European Union, dramatically reigniting a row over allegations that officials are trying to undermine Brexit.Who would you trust most? 
Jeremy Corbyn's key appeal was greater democracy for members.  A greater voice in setting policy.Well here's the first big test.  Ask the party what they think on #Brexit  
Three-way Mexican standoff in Tory Party over BrexitBrexiters: We don’t like what May’s doing. But if we ditch her, Brexit might collapse.Pragmatists: Don’t like it either. But if we ditch her, Ultras might take over.May: If I choose between them I’m finished.#BrexitShambles 
Wanted: an opposition that will stand up to May on Brexit  
.. Certainly manufacturing industry noticed when the aim of Government Brexit policy “evolved” a year or so again from “frictionless” trade with Europe to “as frictionless as possible” - which is somewhat different 
Please retweet widely. The Brexit Broadcasting Company is not reporting anti-government news. @BBCNews  
11/ Think about this for a second. Whichever way you voted, and whatever you think of economists, Brexit is the most important issue facing our country. It is utterly shameful that nobody – not politicians and not journalists – appear to have read the economic forecasts. 
Dear Mrs May @theresa_may, Mr Corbyn @jeremycorbyn, the Brexit you covet so much. Is it worth the tears of these children? If you have an ounce of decency left you will acknowledge that Brexit is the will of the racist and xenophobe. Return the ship to port and #StopBrexit 
6/ Before the referendum, forecasts of 2017 GDP growth were around 2.2% to 2.7% if we voted remain. If we voted leave, they fell to:IMF: 1.4%OECD: 1.5%NIESR: 1.7%Actual growth in 2017 was 1.8%. Contrary to leaver lies, nobody except the Treasury predicted a recession. 
Petition @RedHotSquirrelWe must Leave EU completely March 2019British people voted to leave #EUTransition means:UK vassal state until 2021 & beyondPay Billions to BrusselsNo immigration or border controlNo Sovereignty!20,329 signed so far#Brexit 
Jacob Rees-Mogg favourite to become next Tory Party Leader, and thus Prime Minister. Leads at 21%, in a member survey. Is it time for a new leader?#Brexit  
Gibraltar, same population as Colwyn Bay, has a greater say on Brexit than Wales. When will we wake up and realise that Wales is ignored, forgotten, and shafted every time (except for the odd condescending slap on the back when the rugby's on)   
A thought. How about a referendum in the Labour party on whether the people should have the final say on the Farage/May Brexit disaster? Jeremy stands for party democracy. This is the biggest issue facing the country & the party. How about it? 
" Now we all know the reason why Brexit Secretary David Davis looked such a shambles when he appeared before the House of Lords European Union committee at the start of this week."  
Time's running out for those who voted leave for more 'honourable' reasons. The line between your motives & the racists & xenophobes is blurring rapidly. Soon it will be "you are all racists & xenophobes now" because there's clearly no other reason for continuing with Brexit. 
The politics of #Brexit: tragedy masquerading as farce. #beyondembarrassing 
PEOPLE POWER: 1000s sign petition to force Government NOT to cave in to EU Brexit demands  
Brussels intends to impose sanctions on Britain if it becomes more economically competitive after Brexit. This being the case under no circumstances must we part with a single brass farthing by way of a divorce fee. Its a con - we are being stiffed. Britannia rules leave now ! 
Brexit - It's not just about EU!James Cleverly:"Once we leave the EU we can set our own regulatory framework, we can set our own tax framework."“We can make ourselves an agile and adaptable [world] trading nation."#Brexit #EU 
Mr Varoufakis: “Ludicrous” Project Fear from UK Treasury & EU helped #Brexit“I’m an economist, I can tell you all these macro economic predictions are a bit like sausages.If you know how they’re made, you don’t want to touch them with a barge pole!”#EU 
Tory Brexiteer @Jacob_Rees_Mogg  refuses to back down on SHOCK claim Treasury is 'FIDDLING figures' on Brexit  
So far the EU hasn't compromised on a single point in relation to its opening stance on Brexit.I can't think why, can you?  
What a disgrace for Rees-Mogg to say Treasury 'fiddling figures' on Brexit  
Must read about our neighbours, God help them.'A terrified, paralysed prime minister leads a seasick party and doubting government towards she knows not what.' #Brexit  
Ryanair tickets will be stamped with the warning "Brexit means your plane might not fly"  
#WhyMoggWontBePMBecause he's all mouth & no trousers, a filibuster not a minister - he's never held government office.The Tory party is imploding from the national & international self-harm of Brexit - so they won't pick someone who wants to cut so deep we actually bleed out. 
Not only did I have a delicious meal at this restaurant in Bromsgrove last night, but this wonderful chap saw my #StopBrexit badge and shared with me that he & his family voted Leave, but are horrified about the reality of Brexit, so all #RemainerNow @Andrew_Adonis @W_A_T_O_N 
Lacking authority and coherence, haemorrhaging relevance and credibilityBrexiteers have got Brexit assuming we could dictate the terms or just walk awayWe can’tThey had no more plans for leaving than a dog chasing a car has to drive itBy @garyyounge 
Would be a fascinating experiment to take a year of BBC broadcasting and redo it, replacing each instance of their overt bias towards the Left & EU with the equivalent bias towards the Right & Brexit. 
We need to bring pro NHS and anti Brexit together. It's the same thing after all  
Rees-Mogg accuses the Treasury of 'fiddling figures' on Brexit What Rees-Mogg obviously wants is a Civil Service that provides reports that fit the government propaganda line, as in Ceaușescu's Romania.#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit #WATON 
Here's a photo of the massive numbersattending #nhsmarch today. Sadly as farage & mogg weren't there, @BBCNews @BBCPolitics @BBC have the dilemma of either just ignoring it or getting the brexit poster boys to give an opinion about it anyway. #NHSCrisis #NHSLove #nhsorbrexit 
Brexit or Remain?Please take part if you'd like to.In your view is Brexit the maddest thing the UK has ever done?Or is Brexit just one of the following: morallypolitically, or economically disastrous.Please retweet for a larger sample size. 
Seems only Scotland can escape Brexit   
'Look at Treasury forecasts before referendum, they were a humiliation.They were clearly politically influenced.OBR was set up by Osborne as Treasury forecasts politicised & unreliable on political grounds''Yes, they are fiddling the figures'#Brexit 
Scotland announces free university tuition for EU students after Brexit.  
Michael thinks Labour is ‘a noble movement with a great history’: give me a break! Do your duty, stop Brexit, & we might then think there’s something noble about your ‘movement.’  
Boris’s Brexit bus slogan was a lie.Here’s the truth. Brexit won’t save us money. It’s costing us money that could be spent on our NHS. Let’s #StopBrexit and #FundOurNHS instead.Please RT. #FBPE. 
Surely, you mean: ‘Treasury ACCUSED OF “fiddling figures” on Brexit.’  
I’m not even Scottish, but adore what you stand for. Your speech on the free movement of people within the single market gave me absolute hope for a future. I do believe at this point that Scotland are better independent, and that a British Brexit was not your choice. 
Official Brexit timeline runs as follows: 1 Jingoism, 2 Delusion, 3 Obfuscation, 4 Duplicity. Any administration that wilfully deceives the people is not fit to serve. This Tory government has crossed that line 
Nigel Farage - "Leo Varadkar is a bit like the Irish Tony Blair. It seems to me in these negotiations he’s taking the Brussels side of this against Britain and not the one that’s in the best interests of this country." #Brexit  
Fintan O’Toole: Is Brexit the maddest thing England has ever done? Well, not quite  
A former top Whitehall civil servant has said landmark Brexit legislation "strikes a dagger" to his soul.  
These sort of lies are only designed to reach a certain group of ppl.. The type who were 'conned' by Brexiter lies during EU Ref!! #Brexit  
Proud to be a "rabid Remainer" and definitely determined to "snipe about Brexit and try to stop Britain leaving the EU". 
A public referendum against Mian Nawaz Sharif's disqualification and poor performance of Kpk govt in Peshawar tomorrow. #SherJawansOfPeshawar 
Liam Fox warns he won't accept a Brexit deal that keeps Britain in the EU customs union  
It's either #Brexit or our #NHS - we cannot have both, the former will destroy the latter., so #StopBrexit  & #FundOurNHS#WATON #FBPE #PCPEU @W_A_T_O_N @DancingTheMind @jeremycorbyn @EmilyThornberry @natalieben @TheGreenParty @LibDems @BBCBreaking @GMB @unisontweets 
Theresa May shows again why she’s the weakest PM of modern times - robotically spouting vacuous soundbites  as the UK heads ever closer to the Brexit cliff.  #BrexitChaos 
Pssst...Brexit is rubbish. Pass it on...#BrexitIsRubbish #StopBrexit 
Our friends the East London Leavers @eleleavers are holding a conference on 3rd March with a fantastic lineup of speakers  @HughRBennett @JamesCleverly @rorybroomfield @oflynnmep @GiselaStuart  #Brexit #London 
Brexit already hitting how other EU countries co-operate with us on law and order - people weren’t told voting Leave would help criminals escape justice -  
British fishing companies don't "compete" with foreign boats. They fish for a a pre-defined quota. And they'll want to increase that quota after Brexit. But the problem is, Brits don't want to eat the types of fish we can catch here. So it mostly gets exported. To Europe. #FBPE 
All after that embarrassing stunt in the HoC with Mogg's smears & Baker's lies about Brexit Dept civil servants (and on the eve of the #FundOurNHS march); all just a pure coincidence and not in any way orchestrated for the media attention, I'm sure  
Brexit ís a fraud  ...from Times columnist Matthew Parris ... That sound will keep rising until Brexit Collapse Day.  
Boris Johnson, Michael Gove and Liam Fox will this week warn against joining a Customs Union with the EU after Brexit in a potentially "explosive" Cabinet confrontation. | via @telegraph 
Britain post Brexit must look East.   
Who needs independent financial experts with access to all of the facts, when we can simply have Jacob Rees-Mogg to say Treasury is 'fiddling figures' on Brexit  
Matthew Parris doing his nut over Brexit. Let’s all remember this classic.   
A very charming tweet,much appreciated. But I think defending the behaviour of these Loons or simply dismissing them legitimises their behaviour.I’m a socialist, & I believe bullying & threatening deminishes the possibility of a Lab Govt far more than my concerns about Brexit etc  
It's vile. Force us into no deal and then when the crisis hits it will be the Brexiter MPs and toxic tabloids ready to tell citizens "The EU are why your children are starving! Brexit was in their interest too but they wouldn't work with us!" 
Our NHS is everything Brexit isn't. It prioritises the most vulnerable, is built on international cooperation and is envied by other countries. Why throw it away on a fantasy that benefits only the rich who have attacked it for so long?#FundOurNHS #SaveOurNHS #StopBrexit 
If you havent seen this expert rebutal thread of @NadineDorries & @Jacob_Rees_Mogg ridiculous claims on the Customs Union & poor countries then you really should. #Brexit lies need to be exposed one by one otherwise they get away with it. @Jim_Cornelius 
A friend commented, "Brexit is starting to resemble the Ministry of Magic's attempts to cover up Voldemort's return in the Order of the Phoenix."Well, here's the list of Death Eaters.  
#A50challenge Retweet and follow @A50Challenge. Let’s get as many on board as we can. Time to terrify the Brexit minority. 
Lets be clear what Mogg is doing here. He's trying to destroy the independence of Civil Service even tho virtually every expert independent assessment of the costs of #Brexit comes to similar conclusions. Brexit is literally destroying what UK stands for.   
This game is on a knife-edge, and it's very exciting. The Burnley crowd hasn't been this pumped since Brexit. 
Are we now witnessing the US right wing invasion of UK politics? The big push to see #brexit over the line before it fails? The normalisation of lies and alternative facts by politicians? Aided by a weak media not holding people to account? Or am I simply being too cynical? end/ 
The Remainiacs Podcast @RemainiacsCast is the ONLY good thing ever to come out of Brexit (apart from @TheNewEuropean, that is!) - follow it! 
JACOB Rees-Mogg has accused the treasury of, fiddling the figures over Brexit to keep the UK in the EU, and customs union. Mogg said the forecast was, politically advantageous for the treasury. The Treasury said it was working hard, and deliver the best deal for Britain. 
Every penny and all government energy  is going now not to #FundOurNHS  but for #Brexit. Because it  (Brexit) is not just a vote of #Parliament  nor the result of a referendum.It is a battle for #conservatism and the Tory Party itself.The NHS..  or Brexit.You can't have both.  
Loss to economy from Brexit would pay for 2.5 million new nurses, leaked Brexit impact analysis shows.Let’s #StopBrexit and #FundOurNHS instead.#FBPE 
This is rather encouraging - the facts of #Brexit are rattling the fantasists of #Brexit who are still trying  to force the disaster of #Brexit on all of us ..Jacob Rees-Mogg says Treasury 'fiddling figures' on Brexit - BBC News  
Jacob Rees-Mogg - "With the referendum and with the EU, the Treasury has gone back to making forecasts. It was politically advantageous for them in the past. It is the same for them now. “So yes, I think they are fiddling the figures." #Brexit  
This is not a good news story by @BBCNews :  omits to mention that the 'fiddled' Treasury figures seem to match those by every other serious ouftit that has analysed the costs of different forms of Brexit.   
Gary Younge: Brit-town's post-imperial dementia has given us "brexit"  
Jacob Rees-Mogg, the only living Victorian, has been recommended for the Victoria Cross for gallantry "in the presence of the enemy" after a shit fight at Bristol University over Brexit. pic.twitter.com/PsOIAzfVPC 
Britain’s imperial fantasies have given us Brexit | Gary Younge  
In Wapping, Labour once sided with working people against Murdoch. On Brexit, Labour now sides with Murdoch against working people. 
#MoggMentum Jacob Rees -Mogg  showing why he is a class act politician !!! Against Momentum nutcases & fascists. Brilliant politician fighting for  and good Brexit deal. Would make a great Prime Minster one day. Better than May, Corbyn & Cable by a long way. Top Man   
Leave are sloppy thinkers. They killed Brexit when they overpromised and flat out lied to British voters. The Brexit project is crumbling, as no one can resolve those lies into a coherent, deliverable plan. #FBPE #Remain 
To be clear, I would proudly vote Labour again IF they opposed Brexit. At the moment, they’re simply not on the right side of the argument. 
We are the world’s 6th largest economy.We can, apparently, afford Brexit, HS2, DUP bribes & Trident.So don’t ask how we can afford safe, humane, high quality healthcare for those in need.Ask how we can afford not to.#FundOurNHS 
Scene: a meeting room at CCHQ:Strategist: Well, Brexit is going very badly, the forecast leaked,we don't even have an agreed line, Boris is still making everything worse, and the PM's China trip is backfiring on us. This week is a nightmare!ERG: Perhaps we may assist? 
If you truly believe that the Conservative govt or those pushing the catastrophe that is Brexit care for our NHS, take heed of the words of a Conservative, commenting on his fellow Conservatives views of the health service.#FundOurNHS #NHSLove 
Amazing event in Brixton yesterday with @ChukaUmunna helping to highlight the damage Brexit is doing to the NHS and promote cooperation between pro European groups. Looking forward to working with @Open_Britain, @euromove, @_Britain4Europe, @Scientists4EU and many others! 
Jacob Rees-Mogg says Treasury 'fiddling figures' on Brexit .No ducking the big issues for Moggy. 
Every election campaign includes promises to overturn, dismantle or reverse the policies of the democratically elected incumbent government, voted for by the will of the people. How then, is promising to reverse Brexit any less democratic? Answer?It isn't.#StopBrexit 
The stock market dropped by 666 points, (the mark of the beast), the largest drop since Brexit.African-American unemployment rose 1% over the past month, taking it right back to where Obama left it at the start of Trump’s presidency.No Trump tweets about either.Golfing...  
Smart move, Scotland. Free university tuition for EU students after Brexit date  @HargreavesBC @JohnSwinney @CarolCampbell4 via @Independent 
The offers by @eucopresident, @EmmanuelMacron and others for UK to halt Brexit if it chooses have, as I hoped they would, helped to dilute this by showing that this all remains a free choice by UKGov 5/  
Nobody should be surprised about this. Nobody. The way John Waters spoke about LGBT people during the marriage referendum was one of the most blatant and open examples of pure homophobia in recent history.Is anyone genuinely surprised he's a xenophobic bigot? I mean, really?  
Much more dangerously, it's deeper purpose is to serve as cover for the harmful policies that come after Brexit 3/ 
And the blame-myth is not just to deflect the blame from themselves for Brexit and the it's comprehensive mishandling. 2/ 
We’re reclaiming UK waters!Defra “It’s been quite a liberating experience, decision to Leave EU, it means whole swathes of areas, most notable farming & fisheries, 2 very big EU policies, are going to go"#EU farm subsidies 'bonkers & stifling'#Brexit 
.@MatthewParris3 daring to make the point that if you're a Tory MP who knows #Brexit is not in the national interest but don't speak up, you're more culpable than the #BrexitTaliban who are carried away by their cultish belief, despite facts & evidence. #BrexitShambles #FinalSay 
Me, last Saturday, despite undergoing radiotherapy for #cancer, out in the rain to campaign for remaining in #Euratom & for the future of the #NHS. Underfunding & #Brexit puts patients like me needlessly at risk.#NHS #FundOurNHS #SaveOurNHS 
I know it is #Caturday but today is about #NHSLove. Forget the Moggy on the table - it is very much alive! Jacob Rees Mogg WANTS the headlines - don't do his work for him. It is Brexit or the NHS - you can't have both! #FBPE #WATON #FundOurNHS #OurNHS 
In English:That once we Brexit and unilaterally drop tariffs to zero, instead of buying Champagne, UK consumers will buy the cheapest Chinese knockoff at Xinjiang prices. 
The will of the people has changed.Most of us now think:- It was WRONG to leave the EU- The UK is heading in the WRONG direction- A referendum on the final Brexit terms would be a GOOD IDEALet's take back control from the Brexit elites and unelected newspaper barons.  
@fotoole on form again highlighting one of the problems facing #HMG on #Brexit-how to save face- a reminder of the deep history of #England 
In order to produce this figure, Minford makes the following assumptions:That following Brexit:-We will buy any given product at the lowest price available globally-That distance does not have any impact on price-That quality and safety does not have any impact on price 
The answer: Patrick Minford of Patrick Minford fame. He argues that post-Brexit, if the UK unilaterally drops all tariffs to zero, food prices would fall by about 20 per cent.  
Either Philip Hammond or Treasury officials are trying to frustrate Brexit says @Jacob_Rees_Mogg 
You’re right: it’s the job of the Leader of the Opposition just to politely nod through all this Hard Brexit stuff.  
The stock market dropped by a whopping 666 points (the mark of the beast), the biggest single day drop since Brexit. Not a word from Trump or his witless followers. If it had dropped like that under Obama his fingers would’ve cramped from tweeting. 
If it was only HMT saying Brexit will damage the economy I'd be all ears. But it isn't. Every independent international forecaster says the same. To say they're all rigging their forecasts implies some gigantic conspiracy. That's lizard level madness. 
Excoriating stuff from former Tory MP Matthew Parris who portrays the government as a frozen rabbit in the headlights of oncoming Brexit in today's Times.  
I strongly support the idea of #EuropeanLists for the 73 leftover seats from Brexit. A small step for the European Parliament, but a big step for European democracy. 
Do you think the @hmtreasury is fiddling the figures on #Brexit? Jacob Rees-Mogg says Treasury 'fiddling figures' on Brexit  @Jacob_Rees_Mogg #MoggMentum RETWEET & VOTE  #yourvoicematters 
Dear John - I know you care about animal welfare, as so many of us do - we’re looking to see exactly what we can do here - and Brexit definitely helps  
Anthony Coughlan, TCD academic says it would be “utter folly” for Ireland to stay in EU after Brexit happens. Says #Irexit will let “us take back control of our laws, our border, our currency, our neutrality.” “The EU is doomed” he says 
When protesting today to save  #NHS & show some #NHSLove - don't forget - that govt is starving it of money for a reason, not just out of ideology! The NHS is the price we will pay for a US Trade Deal - it is #brexit or the NHS - You can't have both! #OurNHS #FundOurNHS #FBPE  
Jacob Rees-Mogg says Treasury 'fiddling figures' on Brexit. // This is quite an accusation against civil servants from a senior MP  
Even in the worst case scenario I doubt if Brexit will lead to 1m people being killed and daily car bomb attacks as the Iraq War has. So all comparisons are ridiculous - and disgusting. 
#Brexit was going to be the easiest negotiation of all time. Countries would be queuing up for trade deals with us. We'd get billions for our NHS. It's a FRAUD perpetrated by a bunch of Tory spivs and right-wing, tax-dodging, non-dom press barons. 
I know lots of people have already tweeted this but if you haven't read it, Matthew Parris nails where we are with Brexit, and it is all the stronger coming from a former Tory MP.  
Here's a non-paywall copy of the Matthew Parris article that's trending just now. It very well repays the time spent reading it. Brilliant analysis, brilliant argument, brilliant writing. It kills the Brexit Death March stone dead. 
Lord Digby Jones: 'Wake up Remoaners!'Brussels desperate to bail out fragile eurozone from collapse as #EU draws up punishment sanctions to prevent Britain being competitive!British economy to BOOM by £150bn EACH year with competitive economy.#Brexit 
Jacob Rees-Mogg met with Steve Bannon and is now claiming that the Treasury is 'fiddling figures' on Brexit - straight out of the Trump playbook!  
You've given advice to investors at Charles Stanley and readers of your FT column that they should get their money out of the UK because you yourself predict that brexit will be highly damaging to the economy.Is there any limit to your stunning hypocracy? 
DISGRACEFUL.. All evidence which highlights the toxicity of #Brexit, is attacked. Civil Servants are professionals.. They deserve better  
Brilliant piece by Matthew Parris today - Tories are lying to the voters and themselves over Brexit  
Do we need former Tory MP #MatthewParris to say what we all know?#Brexit and the ministers and the people who fanatically support it are our Trump..As it was said of Byron: Brexit and Trump, too, are:"Mad, bad ,and dangerous to know."We all must work to #StopBrexit#ToriesOut 
Here's Rees-Mogg once again trying to slander our civil servants for failing to dish up material that fits Tory propaganda.Rees-Mogg's real complaint is that the Civil Service is not politicised.#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit #WATON 
How I would have improved Brexit  
Disgraceful assessment by @BBCNews calling Rees-Mogg a "divisive figure" because he faced mob rule from Antifa/Momentum ; also discussion where JR-M criticised HMT for fiddling Brexit forecasts #LicenceFeeBLUES 
It's #SaturdayMorning again! Check out people showing #NHSLove around the country in  face of #NHScrisis.Take a moment on twitter to find & follow some #FBPE people #FollowBackProEurope. It's #Brexit or the NHS - you can't have both! Join the protest! #OurNHS #FundOurNHS #WATON 
Matthew Parris absolutely on form, but more importantly now speaking without reservation. Truth is out & certified from the horse’s mouth, DExEU. This matters, not because it will change Govt. policy, but because it enables opponents & the media to challenge this #Brexit deceit. 
Literally everything. Stop austerity step 1: stop hard Brexit  
Tony Blair to Labour: "Make Brexit the Tory Brexit. Make them own it 100%. Show people why Brexit isn’t and never was the answer."  
PEOPLE POWER:Over 14,655 sign petition to STOP Govt giving in to #EU demands.Britain will be still in EU AFTER March 2019 & still following ALL EU rules including unlimited immigration & not able to sign new trade deals.#Brexit 
Rees-Mogg accuses Treasury of 'fiddling' figures in Brexit report  
Fantastic forensic effort by Jim to totally destroy another Brexiter lie. To spin the lie takes seconds. To rebut it takes hours of work. Will any of Dorries followers read it? Lies 1 Truth 0   Brexit in a nutshell.  
There's a whole section of the conservative, Brexit punditry for whom the murder of Jo Cox never happened, just cause it's too inconvenient to their line.  
The real way to stop #Brexit, the secret meaning of populism, and the fate of the Tories. Prof @acgrayling is this week's special guest on #Remainiacs podcast. Plus a cameo from @yanisvaroufakis. Listen now: 
George Orwell on Brexit  
Call for clarity over revoking Article 50 - a report of yesterday’s court hearing re unilateral revocability of #Art50 with extracts from my affidavit #Brexit #FBPE 
If you bought into the narrative that the SNP’s referendum strategy had 'backfired', this week's Survation poll will have been a big surprise for you, says @JamesKelly.via @ScotNational 
Support for Scottish independence surges amid Brexit chaos via @BerthanPete  
Petition:We must Leave EU completely March 2019British people voted to leave #EUTransition period means:UK vassal state until 2021 & beyondPay Billions to BrusselsNo immigration or border controlNo sovereigntyA BETRAYAL of 17.4m voters...#Brexit 
There is money for Brexit. There is money for Trident. There is money for the DUP. So don’t let anyone kid you,There *is* money for our NHS. #FundOurNHS #FundtheNHS 
."George Orwell wrote that in times of crisis ‘political language is designed to make lies sound truthful & to give an appearance of solidity to pure wind’.So it is with Brexit.". 
This week we’ve had women telling other women what jobs they can do, MPs & unelected peers plotting to thwart the majority vote for Brexit, & balaclava-clad thugs shouting down an MP. Am I alone in fearing that our freedoms and our democracy are under attack? 
Staying within the single market is now more dangerous for the City than hard Brexit  
Time to apologise for using a national referendum to solve a parochial party problem.  
Bradshaw exclusive: Brexit to reduce fields to scrub. My prediction - no it won’t.  
An incredibly powerful article.50 zealot MPs, being too dim or self serving to accept consequences, want #BrexitThe rest of the Government simply  does not believe in what it's doing but feels powerless to stop it.Increasingly the country is against #brexit but has no voice  
Can SOMEBODY in government start standing up for Britain instead of pandering to the EU demands? @theresa_may EU's Brexit transition deal will 'ERADICATE Britain’s fishing fleets', warn UK’s fishermen  
Matthew Parris on this government and Brexit. Ouch.  
And this is where Mogg needs calling out for using the hard-left smear when it is clear that right-wing forces are destabilising democracy using the vehicle of Brexit - as evidenced on the website I launched this week of which he is a leading character:  
This place proved to me that whatever else Brexit brings it can’t be allowed to turn the clock back on the Irish border.  
Just want to say a big "thank you" to all my "followees" and followers for keeping me sane. Been a tough week on the Brexit front, feeling hopeless and worrying about the direction in which the country I've loved for 30 years is heading. Thank you  
“There’s little evidence to support the prime minister’s statement that ‘the country has come together after Brexit’. Instead she is presiding over a divided and polarised nation.”  
It’s quite simple: You can oppose Brexit without saying it’s worse (either in regards to decision-making or outcomes) than an illegal war which has led to the deaths of 1m people. #MatthewParris #IraqWar 
'Attempts to hide the true cost of Brexit are a fraud committed by a government that doesn’t believe in what it’s doing': Matthew Parris on why the Tories are lying to the voters and themselves over Brexit  
Jacob Rees-Mogg says Treasury 'fiddling figures' on Brexit  
Brexit: ‘Tories are lying to the voters and themselves.’ Matthew Parris hits the nail on the head. 
Matthew Parris. Who says history doesn't repeat itself? In the 1840s, the Tories were hopelessly divided over protectionism or free trade, but with people starving in Ireland, Robert Peel put country before party and split the Tories. Theresa May should do the same & ditch Brexit 
The Brexit vote has already exposed how many EU serfs live in this country, who pledge loyaty to Brussels, not Britain. The EU is akin to a creeping cancer. 
The upside of Brexit is that @MatthewParris3 is totally on fire at the moment  
In Today's news:- Johnson and Gove to make 'explosive' Cabinet intervention on Customs Union- Jacob Rees-Mogg says Treasury 'fiddling the figures' on Brexit reports- May tries to gather support for new EU-alignment plan- PM softens EU migration stance 
BNPUKIPNational FrontBritain FirstWhite Nationalist PartyFar Right ToriesRacistsBigotsXenophobesThese people are a minority but all are pro #Brexit. They swung the referendum result.Why does PM May think they now represent the views of the majority of UK citizens? 
Will certainly be backing @Anna_Soubry amendments to keep us in the Customs Union. Not aware of any other solution to the Ireland/Northern Ireland border issue. She should go one step further and campaign with #Libdems for an Exit from #Brexit 
YouGov poll of 28-29 Jan shows 40% think we were right to vote to leave the EU & 46% think we were wrong.Meanwhile government & most politicians plough on with a policy a majority of people believe to be a mistake.So much for respect for the people. #FBPE #Brexit #StopBrexit 
Jacob Rees Mogg, told @BBCr4today that Treasury officials are "fiddling the figures" on Brexit. He added that Treasury forecasts had always been "clearly politically influenced". 
Britain risks suddenly losing access to 750 trade deals on Brexit day, Michel Barnier says  
Super rich alone benefit from Brexit by ducking EU tax rules & rights for employees: nothing but grief for ordinary Tory & Labour voters. 
Excellent from Matthew Parris in today’s Times. Brexit is our time’s Wizard of Oz - a sham, a fantastical conceit, a fraud of gargantuan proportions. A monstrosity fuelled by a tawdry nationalism and the endless lies of zealot-politicians. He absolutely nails it in this bit:  
Dear Leave voters (#2),The hard brexiteers have taken your vote as an unconstrained mandate - a blank cheque. You may consider that what they are now pursuing will cost too much or deliver too little. It might be time to take back control. It might be time to stop Brexit. 
Sick of Rees-Mogg & Brexiters misusing the Royal 'we' as if it implies all of us. May tried using the Royal Prerogative too & lost out to Miller. We who are true Democrats demand a Binding #FinalSay to Confirm #Brexit or #StopBrexit in 2018 so that ALL of US can Rethink Brexit. 
The problem is that Heywood has allowed a culture whereby civil servants cook up policy-based evidence (ie, the notorious June2016 Treasury Brexit forecasts). Spin should be left to the politicians.  
#FBPE has done sum great work. It's connected anti #brexit ppl, helped get issues trending & assisted in getting info on events a bigger audience. There are trolls, but don't allow anyone to bully or shame you into dropping it. There's a reason they're worried abt it. 
As the referendum approaches, consider  keeping a couple of days of annual leave to get out and canvas to #repealthe8th! 
Worse than Suez. Matthew Parris on the spineless PM & others us leading us dishonestly towards a disastrous Brexit.  
Attempts to hide the true cost of #Brexit are a fraud committed by a government that doesn’t believe in what it’s doing  
."Brexit is not the Hundred Years War, but unless someone finds a way out it now, the consequences will be felt for a century.". by @fotoole writing in The @IrishTimes 
It's imperative that we are given another vote so that we have a chance to right the wrongs of the first #EURef NOBODY knew what they were voting for. #Brexit is a shambles and needs to be stopped. 
Tremendous article by Matthew Parris. Nails it. Brexit is fraud.  
Current state of Brexit negotiations.#TheItalianJob 
This is a great column on Tory guilt and obfuscation in Brexit Britain  Matthew Parris at his very best  
On the 23/06/16 I voted to leave the EU. When I woke up and saw the smug face of Farage I began to have a nagging doubt. This turned in to full blown regret as the consequences of #Brexit became clearer. If, like me, you've had doubts, then just look at who wants it the most.  
‘Brexit is worse than Suez & Iraq. A terrified, paralysed prime minister leads a doubting Govt towards she knows not what’  
"Brexit is worse than Suez and the Iraq War" - at least Eden and Blair believed in those disasters: devastating by Matthew Parris on Theresa May's Brexit debacle:  
Key Brexit divide now - could/should Britain negotiate a new limited customs union with the EU? Need an explanation of what row is about ? Read this  
it was so lovely in Kenya before Mau Mau, all sunshine, ginslings & servants. With Brexit, we can recreate the White Highlands on the Yorkshire Dales. 
Treasury officials are "fiddling the figures" on Brexit @Jacob_Rees_Mogg tells @BBCr4today & unlike Brexit minister @SteveBakerHW he refuses to apologise 
Jacob Rees-Mogg has now explicitly accused Treasury of "fiddling the figures" on Brexit 
Rees Mogg: This government is corrupt.Oh, except Mrs May, who is strong and stoical...and working in such vague terms that I can hold her to my version of Brexit...until I have to dump her.#r4today 
Jacob Rees-Mogg is sometimes seen as the "respectable" face of #Brexit. But he's up to his neck in tax avoidance and happy to associate with right-wing extremists. #r4today 
Jeremy Hunt insists that the NHS recruitment crisis isn't that bad - there are many EU nurses still coming into the UK - except there aren't. Since Brexit, the number of midwife nurses coming from the EU has dropped by over 90%... #FixTheNHS #FundTheNHS 
Tories are lying to voters & themselves - superb & spot-on column by @MatthewParris3 on the party's contemptible guilt over the Brexit farce  
So let's just get this right, The 34,000 people of Gibraltar have more say over #Brexit than the whole of Scotland has? @Feorlean @DavidMundellDCT @NicolaSturgeonGibraltar can veto parts of Brexit deal it doesn't like, chief minister says  
Britain’s imperial fantasies have given us #BrexitAs Theresa May is discovering, the UK’s overblown sense of its place in the world has led to overplaying our hand with the EU#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Spot on. I work in the NHS and my goodness the NHS is run on the goodwill of who even works the shifts. More staff leaving and barely being replaced. Tories will trade the NHS with Donald Trump when Brexit deal is finalised and we’ve withdrawn from EU 
It is becoming more and more obvious that senior civil servants are actively working either thwart Brexit completely of achieve a BRINO where we are out of the EU but remain under EU control. What is May going to do about them? 
Dear Prime Minister: The EU's Brexit offer may never come  via @BV 
About Brexit voters:  "They had no more plans for leaving than a dog chasing a car has to drive it."  
Conservative Brexit champion has speech disrupted by Antifa unwashed thugs - so he walks right in amongst them and attempts to debate them. They respond with insults slogans and violent threats. This man should be the next Prime Minister. I don't care if he looks like a Victorian  
Sir please give explanation to @OfficeOfRG for fall in Dow last night. Was it referendum against you.  
Just to be clear.》Soft Brexit is and always was an illusion.》Brits will never accept a situation where they must abide by rules they have no say in.》The only options are Hard Brexit or Remain.》Anyone who tells you anything else has a career to protect.#StopBrexit 
Britain’s imperial fantasies have given us Brexit | Gary Younge  
Brexit can be reversed, says Tony Blair  #wef18 
I’m a Community cardiac nurse in south Wilts. I wear a badge with a heart and EU flag surround. When ‘accused’ I say, ‘we can’t have NHS and Brexit - I choose NHS’ they usually grunt. Works well! 
Durham Union voted decisively 105-82 against Brexit last night with @Anna_Soubry and yours truly arguing the case. Students know their future is being trashed by ideology  @durhamunion 
Pssst.... Brexit is Rubbish. Pass it on.#BrexitIsRubbish 
‘Butlins says bookings are up 7.5% on this time last year. Its research has identified a post-Brexit sense of nostalgia.’Butlins, founded in 1936. Perhaps in a few years, we can have another World War, just to add to the post-Brexit sense of nostalgia. 
Our vets and many Canadians, including First Nations, children on the streets and living below the poverty line. It's a DISGRACE for any nation to send taxpayer funds out before helping their citizens first. REFERENDUM. Who is behind this? UN, Globalism.#cdnpoli #Globalism 
Great piece from Matthew Parris in the Times on the Tories & Brexit 
A new word enters the English language:Mayfuscation:-Nounthe wilful and deliberate action of making obscure, unclear, or unintelligible responses to a straightforward question on Brexit.Synonym:-See Corbfuscation  
It appears that the Express is throwing their weight behind Jacob Rees-Mogg for the next PM ... Time to rally behind him before #Brexit is so watered down that it becomes unrecognisable. 
What sort of a country do we live in now? i may never see Brexit, but i hope to god i never see a person like @Jacob_Rees_Mogg attacked like this again, or a sentence passed for Darren Osbourne ever just to appease the muslims., more than one of the killers of Lee Rigby got. 
Brexit immigration white paper to be delayed until the autumn.May’s Government literally has no policy on one of the biggest Brexit issues. What a #BrexitShambles. It’s clear we need to #StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
We think it would be interesting to run these polls reasonably regularly. Out of the Customs Union. Out of Free Movement. Out of the ECJ. Do you think we will get real Brexit? 
From a very good thread. For the Ultras, Brexit is a means to take control, as well as an end in itself.  
How Rees-Mogg's mask has slipped on being caught out lying and how the majority of the Conservative party know that they are destroying the country with brexit but can't stop themselves.  
2001: A Space Odyssey, a brilliant but as it now turns out, hopelessly optimistic film of man reaching for the stars when in 2018, the fucking government cannot reach a fucking decision on which fucking Brexit to fucking do us over with.Brexit, God I fucking hate it#StopBrexit 
A Remainer MP was assassinated by a far-right radicalised maniac screaming "Britain First"... Wasn't that long ago Dan, remember that referendum at all? 
There’s no such thing as a “green Brexit”.Whatever Brexiters try to claim, Brexit will put our environment at risk, a leaked paper shows.The best way to protect the environment is to #StopBrexit.#FBPE 
‘for the time being – it surely can’t continue forever – Brexit Britain limps along with a terrified, mauled zoo keeper chained to a snarling, feral beast..Meanwhile the rest of us, and the rest of the world, look on in horror, dismay and disgust at this revolting spectacle.’  
The referendum was a mandate to leave the EU, and nothing more. If it is not possible to agree what we are leaving it for, then that mandate expires. The real betrayal of democracy would be to push on with Brexit without an agreed plan. That is why I support #A50Challenge. 
When Trump was elected, doom and gloom was predicted, but Hey- HoAmerica is doing well, so don't worry about Brexit 15 year predictions. 
Do this survey. Get Labour to oppose Brexit.  
The dickheads who tried to shout down Rees-Mogg and then got involved in  scuffle have done a great deal to distract from his embarrassing connivance with Steve Baker in this scandalous charade in the Commons #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit 
Today the stock market tanked by a staggering 666 points. 1. That's a bad #.2. That's the biggest single day drop since Brexit. 3. You know, and I know, that Trump would be howling if it dropped like that under Obama or any Democrat. 
No excuse for violence but HMG is pushing the UK to breaking point. If we are to have Trump in the UK (Rees Mogg and your brother) violence is inevitable at some point. Time for a Govt of national unity and a proper unifying consultation on Brexit. 
we’re living in post-brexit conservative britain and a drag queen just beat a tory via a public vote , beautiful stuff 
They can’t, @CarolineLucas, so stop lying. I voted to remain and reform. We LOST. @UKLabour do not have the numbers in Parliament to stop #Brexit and the manifesto, on which they increased vote share and MPs, stated we respect the referendum result: to leave.  
EU rejects City plan for free trade in financial services after Brexit  
Hardly surprising that the @Jacob_Rees_Mogg Protester Identified As #Momentum #Corbynista!  #JacobReesMogg #BBC @daily_politics #SKY @BBC @LBC #LBC @ConHome @CCHQPress #Tory @Conservatives #Conservatives #theresamay #BREXIT @bbclaurak #EU #UK #NEWS 
Excellent and sobering anaysis by @philipstephens on the harm wrought by Brexit on Britain's democracy, in addition to her economy: @medef 
@Jacob_Rees_Mogg “a keen advocate of Brexit” was “involved in a scuffle” after he “confronted protesters who broke in to a speech he was giving”. Does this give a fair sense of the behaviour of the protagonists @BBCNews? 
Tory rebels launch bid to keep UK in EU customs unionYes they're right we shpuld be in the CU & SM to protect our economy but they still don't get..we mightvas well STAY in the EU.Give us a Binding #FinalSay in 2018 to Confirm #Brexit or #StopBrexit!  
Dow plunges 666 points -- worst day since Brexit> 
Hollow words from UWE Bristol. You need to address the politicised lecturers who foment this behaviour. Hotheads and youthful idiots are one thing. University lecturers with an anti Tory, anti Brexit and cultural Marxist agenda are another. 
Think I might just take a back seat from twitter till this referendum is over cuz my brain hurts 
People are getting restless. The movement against #Brexit is growing stronger. Protests erupting all over Britain, now in #Leeds. Will our MP's notice the changing mood? @hilarybennmp @alexsobel @wfabianmf @RCorbettMEP @AlecShelbrooke @RachelReevesMP @MaryCreaghMP 
#JacobReesMogg undoubtedly did himself no harm tonight amongst his supporters and conservative voters. He's a strange one. Eton educated, pinstripe wearing catholic, who seems popular to all classes. From Working class upwards? I'm a fan because of his #Brexit stance. 
Absolutely sickening that #JacobReesMogg is attacked by a violent mob at #UWE #BristolUniversity & has to physically defend himself. The #university should be expelling this #student filth!  #BBC @daily_politics #SKY @BBC @LBC #LBC #Tory #BREXIT  
The number of US and UK residents choosing to live in New Zealand has risen sharply since the election of Donald Trump and the Brexit vote.  
There is no plan compatible with being out of the SM, CU and ECJ -never was and never could've been. That's why I can't see how TM's Brexit can happen.  Brexit only ever could have been a vote to become a colony. Basil Brexit @JohnCleese . 
It literally says in the #Brexit White papers that "we never lost sovereignty" We have voted through 95% of #EU laws.Tories including #theresamay and #Gove have been passing off EU legislation as their own! 
ICYMI: 24 March 2018, #Leeds, The Stop #Brexit Great Northern March by @StopBrexitMarch & Leeds for Europe. This is the big one. Be there!See  for more details. 
March for Britain, march for Brexit, 28th Feb 2018, 10 Downing Street, London. 11am pic.twitter.com/NlTjyjSTAN 
Brexit should have come with a cooling off period. Like PPI it was miss-sold to people who couldn’t afford it, didn’t need it & didn’t even know what it was for. 
What unnerves me about the Hard Brexit Govt line is the idea we can believe our way to security and prosperity. The future isn’t a dreamworld. It arrives relentlessly. It is reality steadily eventuating. We have to be awake to meet it. 
DO IT!  DO IT!  DO IT!SHARE IT!“Please answer the 21 questions to tell us your thoughts on Brexit. The survey typically takes 1-3 minutes to complete”.#FBPE#WATON#WeAreTheOppositionNow#StopBrexitSaveBritain#StopBrexitSaveOURNHS#StopBrexit 
That would scan perfectly as the first line of a rewritten set of lyrics for Gilbert & Sullivan’s ‘Modern Major General’I’ll supply line 2.“They dream of Brexit borders and free trade in furry unicorns.” 
BBC News @ 10 report that Jacob Rees-Mogg (a mention of Brexit) was involved in a scuffle confronting protestors. One would be forgiven for thinking he was the instigator and attacked peaceful protestors from the way it was presented. #BBCBias 
Brexit is rubbish. They lied to all of us. Pass it on.#BrexitIsRubbish 
Pallion by-election sums up Twitter all too well.Local winning Lib Dems: “This has nothing to do with Brexit”Local losing Labour: “This has nothing to do with Brexit”Twitter in General (darn sarf): “Wow! Look at this amazing Brexit backlash”. 
Oh god, so #CCBB2018 ‘year of the woman’ comes down to a finale which includes a woman who doesn’t believe in feminism, gay marriage and women priests, please, please let’s see Shane/Courtney triumph - I can’t bear it, I’m going to bed, it’s like brexit all over again 
If you don't want Brexit you need to follow these guys. Do it now. #StopBrexit 
Brexit is a bit like seeing a man in speedos. Uncomfortable, awkward and everyone’s trying to ignore the Johnson #TheLastLeg 
Brexit immigration white paper to be delayed until autumn  
On #bbcqt, @timothy_stanley said that it is important for democracy that the will of the people is implemented over Brexit. Although is that leave the EU, or the ECHR? Because I can't help feel some people conflated them and may not have understood what they were voting to leave.  
I live in South Wiltshire, one of the most arch Tory areas of Britain.The farmers are rebelling against #Brexit.At a meeting of farmers the panel were rendered silent by the Q: "What benefit do you expect to find from Brexit?"This is a serious shift in opinion.More to follow! 
Brexit vs Remain  
Dow plunges 666 points -- worst day since Brexit  
Said from the morning after the EU referendum that #Brexit would destroy the union and so it begins!  
DO NOT ASSUME COURTNEY HAS THIS!! Y’all seen what happened with Coleen... Bear... Tiffany... Brexit... every. vote. COUNTS. #CBB #CBBFinal 
"Take back control of our borders...""Take back control of our borders...""Take back control of our borders...""Take back control of our borders...""Take back control of our borders..."Nearly 2 years after the referendum and this is all Theresa May has to offer?  
Dow closes down over 600 points on Trump’s release of Nunes memo.  Some historical perspective:  only once while Obama was in office did Dow plunge that much and that was due to Brexit.  
My dad was upset when British Rail stopped using steam enginesHe said it was illogical as the UK had massive coal reservesBrexit might bring back the popularity of using our own coalWith drops in child benefits & universal credit so kids are small enough to clean chimneys 
Exactly as we warned - of course there’s no such thing as a “Green Brexit”.  Enthusiasm for striking new trade deals eg with US is based precisely on getting rid of “pesky” regulations.  At minimum we need strong new institutions to hold Govt to account   
O Britain. Your Brexit sucks so hard.  via @FT 
This is why, not just is Brexit Collapse Day fast approaching, but so is Scottish independence.  Reality will finish May's rhetoric soon!  
Tomorrow's front page: Brexit war of words heats up ... Scottish Govt hits back after Mundell tells the BBC there's 'general agreement' on Brexit Bill  
'You want Brexit in the name only!' LBC host TRASHES Labour MP's stance over Brexit  
"For the first time in our history we would be withdrawing human rights from a vulnerable group" - @carolinesimons, ignoring the 2004 referendum and showing once again that anti-choicers forget about children once they're born 
Jacob Rees Mogg tells @TheSun he was unharmed in the Bristol snowflake scuffle, adding “all is well.” Brexit powerbroker adds “they were just rather shouty.” 
A Brussels demand for full, automatic and permanent residency rights for all EU nationals coming to Britain for two years after Brexit is “not negotiable”  
Prepping for the @AroundTheNFL Podcast Meetup. @greggrosenthal will launch the event with a 30-minute speech on the intersection of Brexit + Indonesian fair-trade laws.  
This is a superb article. An essential read."Brexit Britain limps along with a terrified, mauled zoo keeper chained to a snarling, feral beast; each reliant on the other, but each loathing the other."  
Environmental groups: we need you! Tory politicians saying Green Brexit not poss: will you fight for No Brexit please? Which green groups are in?Green Brexit is impossible to guarantee, EU is warned  
The Dow closed down 666 points, or 2.5%, its biggest percentage decline since the Brexit turmoil in June 2016 and steepest point decline since the 2008 financial crisis  
Brexit is collapsing under the weight of its own contradictions.As reality hits, Brexiters can’t keep pretending it is all things to all people.Good thread from @JolyonMaugham: 
#BreakingNews: Dow sees steepest selloff since Brexit on June 24, 2016  
The @CNNMoney headline: "Dow plunges 666 points -- worst day since Brexit"  
Leeds anti-Brexit protest group to hold 'Great Northern March' on anniversary of Article 50 next month:  
.@LenMcCluskey1’s is committed on behalf of his @unitetheunion members to opposing #Brexit and also committed to me who will make sure it damn well happens. Funny fellas, these Scousers. 
The trade paper by Carwyne Jones, Labour first minister of Wales, says May's Hard Brexit and China trade deal would wipe out Welsh steel. It's time to dust down your marching boots like you did in 2016 @jeremycorbyn @LenMcCluskey1 @BolsoverBeast, enough is enough.#StopBrexit 
Mogg: Either Hammond or Treasury Officials Trying to Frustrate Brexit  
QT audience member observes that the Economists for Free Trade have published some figures predicting the opposite of the Treasury reports. The Brexit-supporting EFT include eminent economists who have been "very correct with economic forecasts over the past 30 years."  
Brexit impact reports show why Scottish independence is vital...  
.@ShepNewsTeam: "The Dow is off 645 points, 2.48%. That is the largest day drop, if it closes like this, since Brexit in June of 2016."  
Brexit isn’t even a zero sum game - no one will ever feel that they’ve got their country back, whilst I sure as hell feel like I’ve lost mine. 
Ever since Theresa May became PM she's used the same soundbites in every interview she does, 'Brexit means Brexit', 'I'm getting on with the job', 'The will of the people', 'Under Labour', no depth, no substance, just meaningless empty slogans #bbcnews #r4today #ToriesOut. 
YOU, yes YOU can make a difference. Bring your EU flag and support the NHS march tomorrow 3rd Sat. Simple - NHS or Brexit. You can't have both #FBPE #WATON  
37% of a rigged electorate in an advisory referendum mis-sold as mandatory for a 4 word slogan the meaning of which the Tories are fighting over. A vote won by a massive campaign of hate and lies in the tax-dodging #Brexit billionaire press. Respect it? Never!#StopBrexit #FBPE 
"Tory MEPs"Damage to the economy.Damage to the NHS.Damage to political influence.Damage to jobs.Damage to industries.Damage to universities.Damage to the environment.The list goes onWHO is #Brexit actually benefiting?#ToryMess2018 #StopBrexit 
How can any journalist not confront Theresa may with the legal process of Brexit?How can parliament not confront her with the demented idiocy of what she is doing? 
Rees-Smug and his rich Tory pals fear only one thing....stringent EU anti-tax avoidance legislation coming down the line. That's why they are foaming at the mouth at the prospect of a soft Brexit - or even no Brexit at all.  
I haven't seen a politician get so shrill and desperate over anything as money-hoarding fund manager Jacob Rees-Mogg has in his demented push for an insane hard Brexit.  He's become a frothing rabid fanatic over it. He must have A LOT to lose  
My latest for @TheNewEuropean: the government’s ridiculous secrecy around Brexit isn’t hiding a nefarious plan – it’s hiding that they have no idea what to do  
.@wesbury on biggest drop since Brexit for the Dow: "I love days like this. If you think about it, corrections are designed to scare the weak hands out."  
Brexit is an "act of faith" says @IsabelOakeshott. And there you have it. Whatever the evidence the leavers will plough on chasing their impossible dream regardless of the damage they cause to the people of the UK #bbcaq 
Why are hard-right Brextremists like Rees-Mogg fighting so bitterly for a damaging hard Brexit? Could it be money?The transitional period the EU is offering means he & rich clients would be bound by any new tax avoidance & money laundering directives 
This is NOT a description of ‘sunlit uplands’....Excellent on the ugly, paranoid clash between Brexit zealotry, fantasy and harsh, deliverable reality.  
Britain’s administrative state is at WAR with Brexit. We need an IMMEDIATE enquiry into these leaks, and a naming and shaming of the civil servants trying to thwart the will of the people. Frankly, I’d put them in the stocks in Parliament Square.  
DOW TUMBLES MORE THAN 600 POINTS IN WORST DAY FOR STOCKS SINCE BREXIT  
It is deeply misleading to say that #Brexit Britain is 'leaving' the EU. Britain will end its EU membership, but it cannot leave the EU. The EU will still be next door having a huge impact on our country but we will no longer have any say in its decisions.#StopBrexit #FBPE /1 
Destroys Adonis in #Brexit debate. Exposes civil service bias. Faces down Corbynista hordes.  #Mogg 
The Remoaner establishment has now decided to resurrect Project Fear. They are deluded if they think that yet another bout of Treasury scaremongering will turn the public against #Brexit.  
Excellent. This interview really DID grill the PM on #Brexit...  That there were no real answers is the fault of Mrs May and her pathetic, self-serving, irresponsible lot, not the fault this time of the BBC.  We must ask and ask again....  What DOES @theresa_may actually want? 
Michael Portillo - "The Treasury and the Foreign Office are both fanatically pro-European. All the analysis is going to go in one direction, as it did before the referendum." #Brexit  
Reports on this week's UK-China trade deals give the impression that they are somehow related to Brexit. They aren't - they are deals that we are doing whilst a member of the EU and could continue to do without Brexit. 
Another great piece from @jonlis1 who along with @IanDunt, @davidallengreen and one or two others provides, week in and week out, the most consistently incisive Brexit commentary  
If there was another brexit vote what would you want to happen.If your from a different country what do you think is best outcome 
Political leaders & civil servants at the top continue to conspire to disobey the orders of the electorate. It is such contempt as this for ordinary people that led to a Brexit vote in the first place.  
Not really, #Brexit is a huge removal of rights from young UK citizens. They have every right to be furious.Mogg is an anachronistic anomaly.#StopBrexit 
#Labour MP John Mann - "The Treasury overestimated grossly, what the problems would be immediately after the referendum. “They got totally wrong, they are getting it totally wrong again."  
May should resign and leave Brexit to Jacob Rees-Mogg and let @MichelBarnier tear him to shreds at the negotiating table. Benefits:No more MoggNo more May &No more BrexitSuits me. #FinalSay #FBPE 
Read my lips: Britons will not accept any Brexit which does not cut immigration 
Ian Harte's sat at home right damn now in his union jack shorts, chugging a tin of Carling, scoffing a full English whilst watching the Queen's Christmas speech on repeat & shouting "a granite Brexit, nothing more, nothing less" at his British Bulldog. #lufc 
“#Brexit Britain” is now used as a term to signify that our current state of affairs is not the real Britain.Germany’s been there. 
John Redwood:Project Fear forecasters should try explaining why UK growth rate fell after we joined EU, why we have had a persistent deficit with them & why even EU study shows there was practically no benefit from joining the single market.#Brexit #EU 
Last 500 point drop for the Dow was on June 24, 2016 with Brexit — when Dow lost 610.32 points (-3.39%)@CNBC 
Great day at Perm Secs' offsite, discussing the future of  @UKCivilService, Brexit, strategic priorities & leadership challenges. And a photo opp with some of the female perm secs! #ABrilliantCivilService 
May: I am delivering what the British people want on Brexit.And no, I'm not going to tell you what that is.#c4news 
Theresa May urged to sack minister for suggesting civil service is trying to sabotage Brexit 
#GreatNorthMarch just announced! Uniting The North in opposition to #Brexit - Celebrating Britain in the EU - #Leeds 24/3/18. More details on . Speakers & route to be announced in the coming weeks. Start spreading the word. Please RT. 
WHAT IF the Spice Girls talent show is an X Factor style show to recruit five new girls to form SPICE GIRLS: TNG?Anxious Spice, Kink Spice, Vegan Spice, Trans Spice, Brexit Spice. 
If you care about the impropriety of partisan think tanks I look forward to you complaining loudly about the unprecedented access and policy influence of the shadowy Legatum "institute" and the ERG, your own sinister party-within-a-party brexit lobbying organisation.  
Just off the plane back home - here's a link to our full interview with the PM on her next big round of brokering, Brexit - and a few thoughts  
Normally people would swing behind the established agenda. That people are moving away suggests a significant number of Leave voters no longer believe Brexit to be right for the country.  
HMT is not trying to stop Brexit. It accepts referendum result but has a legitimate concern to seek a model of Brexit that keeps UK in a customs union. Virtually all serious economic analysis says leaving it has real costs. The UK didn't vote to leave the customs union. @CER_EU 
Brexit's back-seat drivers. @BJennings90 cartoon for iweekend 
.@theresa_may refusing to outline her position in relation to #Brexit. She has continuously refused to provide clarity throughout these negotiations, hiding information from the public, contributing massively to the calamity that this process has become.  
We are excited to announce the first major anti-Brexit march ever seen in Yorkshire. Working with the organisers...  
 A reminder for @STVNews! The search for new #SFA Chief Executive ISN'T a crisis! Scotland being dragged out the EU IS a crisis! #Brexit 
Brexit ‘ultras’ are undermining the integrity of the Civil Service. The consequences could be grave.We need civil servants to speak truth to power, says former civil servant @GuitarMoog. Instead, Brextremists are undermining them.#StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
Brexit means Brexit at West Ham. 
BREAKING NEWS: Leeds for Europe announce the Stop Brexit Great Northern March - Leeds, 24 March 2018 - uniting the North against Brexit. "Give The People The Final Say" #StopBrexit #Leeds #Yorkshire  
For those who follow my tweets on finance,way back in Sep/Oct 2017,i had predicted a #GlobalBondMarketRout,led,in part, by rising #BrentCrude!Going fwd, geopolitics,particularly,the mid year #Brexit vote&how it pans out for #NorthernIreland&the Irish Republic,will lead the course 
If Brexit was a competition of meaningless slogans and robotic rhetoric, May would be world champion.As it is, it's about the future of our country for a generation and she hasn't got a clue.#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Here's a hint at what a post-Brexit ‘hard border’ for the movement of goods looks like.It’s a summary of what it means for the UK to become a 3rd country, the baseline from which a trade agreement is built...#BrexitBorderHT @robmurphybe @mauricecampbell 1/ 
Germany to lose THOUSANDS of jobs as a result of hard-Brexit, claims MEP. So treat UK fairly then, rather Dictating!   
Elevate your Friday night commute with Prof @acgrayling (the Brain of Remain) on what Brexit is REALLY doing to democracy. It's the new #Remainiacs podcast with @pimlicat @IanDunt & @Dorianlynskey 
This interview sums up everything wrong with Brexit. Soundbite over detail. Fantasy over reality. Refusing to answer the questions that count. And @bbclaurak really tried to get May to answer. 
*** MAJOR ANNOUNCEMENT ***#StopBrexit Great Northern March - Leeds 24 March 2018Celebrating Britain in the EU - Past - Present - FutureWe are excited to announce the launch of the biggest anti-Brexit march & rally ever seen in the north of England! See  
@theresa_may spot on - delivering for Britain. Control of our money, our border and our laws, and trade with the rest of the world that boosts our jobs. #Brexit  
How much money do you and your funds stand to lose if the U.K. enacts the forthcoming EU anti tax avoidance directive? Asking for the 63% of the electorate that didn’t vote for Brexit. 
Working in Denmark when brexit vote was announced. 2 young English guys on the job said they’re applying for Irish passport. How did you vote. Oh we voted leave.  
.@SDoughtyMP – So-called ‘Green Brexit’ was “always cynical spin”  
The Prime Minister said earlier today:It is important that we deliver what people want, which is:Taking back control of: Our Borders Our Money Our LawsShe also spoke of being in China to enhance our trade with the rest of the world.#Brexit #PMinChina 
So we know that the Treasury made false forecasts in their report. But who commissioned these anti-Brexit reports to go ahead? Was it the Chancellor, the civil servants or Theresa May??Either way, everyone agrees that they were made to keep the UK in the EU. #TreasuryGate 
There are no #Brexit opportunities. #BrexitIsRubbish Pass it on 
"The study, by the Cardiff Business School, found Wales will be hit disproportionally hard in comparison to other regions .. Major employers in industries such as car manufacturing, steel and aerospace will be especially hit by a hard Brexit ..." 
I simply do not understand why TV News cannot give credit where it is due. PM May’s diplomatic, trade and business visit to China was clearly an unqualified sucess! great stuff! Why does it have to be controversially drowned in a morass of BREXIT gobbledygook? 
Mogg: Either Hammond or Treasury Officials Trying to Frustrate Brexit  
Correct - because a group of Member States have gone ahead without the UK and many others to discuss the financial transaction tax. But Brexit would remove the UK's standing as a Member State to challenge the tax in the EU court, if it were adopted.  
Mogg doing more today to hold Government to account than all opposition parties combined on Brexit. #TreasuryGate 
Jeremy Corbyn must step up to the challenge of stopping a deeply damaging #Brexit, says @CarolineLucas  
The fudge is almost finished and the chickens are coming home to roost - not soaked in chlorine, but reality. My piece on another delirious week in Brexit wonderland  
Labour could stop this #Brexit disaster.  I’m urging them to change direction and join our fight   
The SNP should be held legally liable for paying EU students Uni fees after Brexit. They are doing this for political purposes with the taxpayers moneyIn Africa its known as corruption and graft. In Scotland it’s known as an SNP‘Doing an SNP’#doinganSNP 
The percentage of CON voters saying Brexit “wrong” reaches record high  via @MSmithsonPB 
Has the Tory party become unleadable on #Brexit? @JPonpolitics asks on #Brexitcast  Download the podcast:  / Subscribe on iTunes:  
Rees-Mogg provides evidence of collusion at the highest levels of government and/or the Civil Service to thwart the will of the people expressed in the EU referendum. A scandal he rightly calls #TreasuryGate 
NHS is in great danger from the Tories: Naylor report fire sale of assets; privatising piece by piece; pay cap; staffing levels; student nurse bursaries; Brexit impact; Inadequate social care...We need to #SaveOurNHS Join the march on Feb 3 at Noon in Gower St, London #FixTheNHS 
#TheresaMay and #government have STILL not come off the fence as to which of the two main #brexit options they actually want. I pointed them out 20 months ago: 
Another Brexit.Countries that gained independence from the UK and the years...  
.@Andrew_Adonis is Labour's Brexit radical. He skewers the hard-left charge that progressives are unprincipled poll-watchers and triangulators.Read @Robert_Philpot's Last Word column  
Have you noticed @bbclaurak​ only ever asks about Brexit negotiations? She never questions Brexit? She could have asked @theresa_may what money the UK is going to "control" when extra borrowing bc of Brexit is already more than we pay the EU.  
.@the75percent: Young people are being sidelined. Brexit isn't sustainable policy. Committing the country to a decision that's unacceptable to those set to live with it for the longest would set off nationwide identity crisis in the not-so-distant future  
Is May finished ? "Prime Minister, we're here to talk about your choices" - @bbclaurak​ grills @theresa_may over her position on #Brexit.  #FBPE 
Brexit wrecker Spreadsheet Phil, the most unpopular Tory minister, has been challenged by the hugely popular @Jacob_Rees_Mogg Hammond must justify his actions or resign. 
Putting it a different way, the thing that delivered the Brexit vote will also be the thing that makes Brexit undeliverable. "Birth was the death of it," as Beckett might have said. 
I wonder if the failure of those delivering Brexit really to wrestle with the consequences of what that means is the thing that, ultimately, will cause Brexit to fail (on its own terms at least). 
Majority now say the Brexit vote was wrong - latest @YouGov poll:- Wrong to leave: 46% (+2)- Right: 40% (-5)And most people think the Brexit negotiations are going badly:- Going badly: 57%- Going well: 25%Please RT. Let’s #StopBrexit#FBPEThread:  
A friend of mine here in Edinburgh, just got her Irish passport (her parents are Irish). She was a NO voter in 2014. She now tells me, she's ashamed to be British & can't wait for #indyref2 so she can vote YES. This is the reality of what #Brexit has done. 
And the many months since June 16  are intractable proof of that proposition. Even today, Theresa May still pretends there are no choices to be made; that Brexit can be all things to all people.  
What I mean is best articulated by Dominic Cummings on his blog where he wrote (before the referendum) that there was no vision of life after Brexit around "which all reasonable people could unite" (). pic.twitter.com/0wgpwedgPs 
*What it's like waking up In Brexit Britain*  
Come on Mr Rees-Mogg - enough chat, our country needs you more than ever to make a stand and make Brexit a success - you’d have my vote  
The United Kingdom’s future relationship with the EU is on a burning platform. We have six short weeks to put out the fire by placing #EEA #EFTA Brexit at the heart of the crucial negotiating guidelines that’ll be signed off by the EU in late March:  
WATCH | The great Peter Hitchens brilliantly exposes the truth about BBC bias #FlashbackFridayThe BBC has continued to stack the deck against Brexiteers since the referendum - 60% of Question Time guests have been Remainers, only 31% Leavers!Read more:  
“May is learning that trade deals won’t fall like ripened fruit into her hands. China is very much aware that the Brexit vote has weakened the UK...and that is reflected in the comparatively modest announcements we are seeing" warns @VinceCable 
Come on jacob it's time to oust may and become leader of the conservative party #politics #Brexit #mayout 
5/5 The conclusion must be either the Chancellor or his officials are deliberately trying to frustrate Brexit.  Ultimately, Ministers must take responsibility #TreasuryGate 
HmmTory MPs are CLAMOURING for clarity on #Brexit !They don't seem to recall that she declared she was NOT going to give a running commentary !Charles 1 syndrome ? or Louis XIV ?Parliment has had to ASSERT it's authority ! 
There is no such thing as a Green Brexit. Just a Tory bonfire of environmental regulation.  https://t.co/dU6G3u6TW2?amp=1 
Who should you trust on Brexit forecasting: consistently inaccurate Treasury forecasts, or our eminent economists who have been on the right side of economic history for decades? #bbcqt pic.twitter.com/DdjH4DtTfc 
Theresa May suggests Brexit will go ahead even if the Government's own analysis shows it will leave Britain worse off. Is this irresponsible or what you voted for?  
The underground resistance to #Brexit has been growing quietly for some time. Now it is time for it to burst out noisily into the mainstream. MAJOR ANNOUNCEMENT at 6pm tonight on  #GiveThePeopleTheFinalSay #StopBrexit 
I see Jihadi Jacob, Leader of the Brexit Taliban sect has issued a Fatwah against #F1 #F1GridGirls today. #FBPE #BrexitTaliban 
Today, pro-Europeans came together & campaigned with @ChukaUmunna against the Gov's hard & destructive Brexit. We're stronger when we work together. Please RT:  
Some Libertarians consider that Libtards/Liberals are anything left of Jacob-Rees-Mogg...my question wld be,Is there anything left of Jacob Rees-Mogg's credibility after his false feed to a #Brexit minister yesterday? The minister who then falsely fed it to Parl#BrexitIsRubbish 
Majority think Britain was wrong to vote Leave - the biggest lead since this survey began.People saying it was the wrong choice now 6 points ahead, latest @YouGov poll shows.Brexit vote was:- Right: 40% (-5)- Wrong: 46% (+2)#StopBrexit. #FBPE.  
Shame that Daniel Kawczynski, a UK MP born in Poland, argues for limiting the rights of EU citizens, including Poles to work in Britain after Brexit in March 2019.  
Italy’s Five Star leader Luigi Di Maio says UK should stop being ‘punished’ over Brexit  
Ireland refuses to extradite person to the UK as their fundamental rights cannot be guaranteed beyond Brexit. 
Our chairman @malloch_brown's statement on working together to stop Brexit@eloisetodd 
"Okay campers, rise and shine. Theresa May is still Prime Minister and she's still doing everything she can to sabotage Brexit"#GroundhogDay 
Looking forward to catching up w/ @DavidDavisMP on Monday to discuss UK's orderly withdrawal, and meet w/ @EBA_News on #Brexit preparedness of EU financial service providers. Next EU/UK negotiation round starts on Tuesday in Brussels:  
An Irish court has refused to extradite a man to the UK because of #Brexit: "Ireland was being asked to surrender an EU citizen to a country where the EU charter of fundamental rights might no longer be capable of enforcement." 
Groups opposed to hard Brexit join forces under @ChukaUmunna.The pro-EU movement grows stronger every day. We will #StopBrexit. #FBPE 
This is where we are in #brexit Britain today.... a minister can lie in the House of Commons and still keep his job..... this government has thrown the ministerial code out the window. #StopBrexit #FBPE @mrjamesob 
Those who called for a clean Brexit from the outset were right. The Franco-German axis is determined to make a soft arrangement impossible. Any further talking at this point wastes time and tightens the noose around our own necks - Ambrose Evans-Pritchard  
They are protectionist. If UK becomes the European beacon for Free Trade after Brexit - Britain will boom and become more competitive than the EU.  
The civil service is sabotaging #Brexit? What a daft idea. #Brexit is sabotaging itself. It was rotten to the core from the start.And the tricksters behind it must pay for the disaster they have caused. 
A Brexit Minister lied to the House of Commons, but has been allowed to keep his job. Here's @mrjamesob on Steve Baker. 
Stopping Brexit is like the sword in the stone.Anyone who does it, will get to rule unopposed.But everyone thinks it's so hard - impossible - so they convince themselves that the sword is stuck fast.But really, all you need to do is reach out, calmly, and pull it out. 
David Davis knew about the findings of the Brexit impact studies in December but denied their existence. Theresa May considered them sufficiently robust to share with Cabinet colleagues. Steve Baker claimed bias and then had to admit he was talking nonsense.#BrexitShambles 
More infighting in the Brexit government. They can’t decide whether to be in or out of the Customs Union. It makes it very hard to negotiate if you don’t know what you want.  
More evidence that the government wants to push ahead with #Brexit even if it ruins the UK. It's not Remainers who are the traitors here. It's the government @Conservatives #StopBrexit #WATON 
@Feorlean confirms Scottish Government position on the EU withdrawal Bill amendments  #brexit  
There is nothing patriot about Brexit. It takes lies, propaganda, bribery, manipulation of facts, fake news, suppression of real news, facts & findings to keep it afloat. And even these efforts are beginning to fail. Brexit is a loser. #BrexitBetraysBritain #LE2018VoteRemain 
Why Remainers are increasingly hopeful of stopping Brexit.  
I will object to any EU deal which prevents us from signing FTA's post Brexit. We are talking about the Customs Union at a time when dozen of countries want to do a trade deal with the UK. We should all be in agreement that leaving the CU is the best thing we can do! 
SORT IT OUT, LABOURThere’s at LEAST 48% of the population spent the last 18 months being told to go fuck ourselves by BOTH big parties.That’s a LOT of floating voters.Get Corbyn to get the picture on Brexit or get a leader who will.  
If the House of Lords tries to thwart Brexit, it will be digging its own grave, writes @asabenn 
YouGov Brexit tracker has biggest lead yet for "wrong to leave EU“In hindsight referendum right or wrongRight 40%Wrong 46% 
Taking back control? @unilever says best way to do that is dump #Brexit  Britain & go Dutch. Thats jobs & tax revenue going meaning more austerity. @UKLabour  should oppose @ShadowBrexit @Labour4EU @EK_EuropeanMove 
The yearly cost of hard Brexit is roughly equal to the entire government spend on education and policing  
Won't be a second referendum anytime soon (or at all in my view) - but maybe it's becoming clear that there will be no unicorns and cake.  
EXCLUSIVE: Italy’s Five Star leader @luigidimaio says UK should stop being ‘punished’ over Brexit  
Coquettish tease Theresa May won't tell anyone, including her cabinet,  her vision for Brexit. It's not as though there are just months left before a Brexit deal has to be agreed.  #GlobalBritainInaction 
If Labour doesn’t change course on Brexit, its BEST case scenario is four or five years of a penniless, impotent Labour government presiding over a miserable chaotic country, followed by Tory majorities for the foreseeable future. 
After returning from China, Theresa May denies she’s being evasive over Brexit:  
“Pushed to back of ANOTHER queue? Australia to wrap up EU deal BEFORE Brexit trade talks”. Slowly, slowly, the penny might finally drop with voters.The BrexitLiars will be going nuts!  
If Scotland votes for independence because of #Brexit... Then I'm moving to Scotland!  
Using government data, Shelter reports there are 307,000 people sleeping rough, or accommodated in temporary housing, bed and breakfast rooms, or hostels in the UK. Surely the govt has better things to spend £40 billion on than #Brexit.#GetYourPrioritiesRight Mrs May 
Those campaigning to retain the #8th amendment say repeal amounts to handing a blank cheque to politicians to decide our abortion laws without ever consulting the people again in a referendum @rtenews 
30.000 people cross between Ireland & Northern Ireland daily, many health services are ‘cross border’. My family live in Donegal & Armagh. The Peace Process cannot be jeopardised by #Brexit  
A Packham apologist says P is an "independent contractor" - so was I. Difference - Packham says and does what he likes; I was sacked for attending the Countryside Marches and belonging to the Referendum Party - BBC = Brussels Broadcasting Corporation. 
Brexit Minister apologises to House of Commons over false civil service slur  Jacob Rees Mogg who started it doesn't. 
Italy’s Five Star leader Luigi Di Maio says UK should stop being ‘punished’ over Brexit —   
Tories on Corbyn's plan to create a £500bn investment fund: this is crazy government spending gone mad, it will kill us all(Some) Tories on hard Brexit amounting to flushing £650bn+ in gov revenue down the toilet: this is fine 
Damn good thought and a VITAL rejoinder to the “Never mind Brexit, AUSTERITY is what matters” Corbynista lobby…If Labour implement Brexit, they’ll have no money/time to tackle austerity in their 1st term and they won’t GET a 2nd, as the establishment blame them for Brexit…  
Brexit has rendered tribal politics irrelevant: you are either for Brexit now or against it and the only party that's willing to call a halt to this madness is @LibDems 
We all know that in so many ways #Brexit betrays Britain. We should use a hashtag for this to deprive Brexiters of their bogus claim to patriotism. So I propose #BrexitBetraysBritain.I'd  be grateful if you could RT and make this part of our campaigning. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
That's Priti good !!BREXITEER Priti Patel demanded @DavidDavisMP outline how he plans on getting Britain its #EU assets back after 45 years of continued contributions to the Brussels bloc.#Brexit 
Unnecessary Brexit thought:If Labour commit to delivering Brexit, - and win at the next election - the public perception will ALWAYS be that Labour delivered a ruinous policy. The Tories & the press will always claim Labour ballsed it up. LAB holding a gun to their own head. 
The EU refuses a soft Brexit, so we must invoke the WTO immediately - The Telegraph  
psssst... did you hear ..Brexit is Rubbish.(i wonder if we can get this Trending!#BrexitIsRubbish 
"Many right-wing commentators waxed lyrical about how the #EUref was the greatest example of democracy in our history and how the vote for #Brexit was the nation reclaiming its sovereignty. I beg to differ." @MollyMEP 
Was Brexit right or wrong?Right 40 (-5)Wrong 46 (+2)Biggest lead for "Wrong" since records beganSource: YouGov 
Former #Brexit minister Lord Bridges did not pull his punches when he described the parlous state of Theresa May and DExEU's #BrexitShambles. Time to stop this madness. Give us a #FinalSay to #ExitFromBrexit 
Important under-reported point in this great piece by @DenisMacShane:Unite & GMB signed a statement in Nov calling for UK “maintain British membership in single market & customs union.” Hope Labour will agree it's the only path to a 'jobs-first' Brexit. 
As a migrant, I should respect, accept the Brexit vote and leave if I don't, I am told.Does it mean Brexiters who live in France must support Macron and the EU? 
UK starting salaries rise to their highest since before the referendum  
I launched a website to show how sinister Farage, Rees-Mogg and the ‘Bad Boys of Brexit’ really are.#BrexitBadBoys 
If there was only two candidates for #Tory Leader being a #RAT or @PhilipHammondUK which would you pick? Please Retweet & Share! #BBC #SKY @LBC #LBC @ConHome @CCHQPress #Tory @Conservatives #Conservatives #UKIP ##BREXIT #PhilipHammond #TORIES #ConservativeParty #UK #UKIP #EU 
I love the way that the messiest and most disruptive possible outcome - hard #Brexit - is now being spun as "clean Brexit".  
Theresa #May has said that she will push through with Brexit at "any cost". Despite knowing that she is committing the UK to economical disaster, despite knowing that UK world standing will be decimated...  We need to #StopBrexit now!! 
Appears to be a lot May fails to understand about #BrexitShe clearly fails to understand that Freedom of Movement is one of the great benefits of being in the EU.To retain our rights and to protect those of our friends we need to #ExitFromBrexit 
Excellent piece by Ambrose Evans-Pritchard. The EU refuses a soft Brexit, so we must invoke the WTO immediately  via @telebusiness 
May the 3rd local Elections, send @UKLabour the message to fight Brexit & stop the Tories, please help turn the UK Yellow & GreenIts the English locals only I'm afraidHowever EU citizens can vote in locals !Help turn England Yellow and Green.@LibDems & @TheGreenParty 
Make no mistake. In as little as a decade, Labour's Brexit strategy will be remembered as an error of credibility on the scale of the Iraq War.Meanwhile, despite it all, the Tories will stumble on, fed and watered by the vicious deflection of their press allies. [1/2] 
It's time for the North to rise up against #Brexit. MAJOR ANNOUNCEMENT coming at 6pm today! Watch this space. #Leeds #Yorkshire #TheNorth #GiveThe PeopleTheFinalSay #StopBrexit Or see  at 6pm for full announcement! 
#GroundhogDay jokes I'm ashamed of:A rodent is about to predict the weather based on whether it sees its own shadow and it's still more scientific than the President's views on global warming---Help I'm living the same shitty day over and over again but that's Brexit for you 
On the streets of Brixton with @Lambeth4Europe and @ChukaUmunna talking to people about the dangers Brexit poses for the NHS.  
FM @nicolasturgeon & Justice Secretary @MathesonMichael met European Commissioner for the Security Union Julian King @JKingEU to discuss justice demands post-Brexit @ScotParl 
Ministers are not ignoring civil service advice if, using their discretion, they decline to act on a caveated forecast or report. If ministers treated intelligence reports in the way some say the leaked Brexit report should be treated, there'd be tanks on the streets regularly. 
Live with Peter Whittle talking Brexit, knife crime, Sadiq Khan & more...  
According to the government, because of a poll taken on one day, two years ago, it would still be correct to go ahead with Brexit, even if 100% of the population is now against it.This is insane. 
Those who called for a clean Brexit from the outset were right. The Franco-German axis is determined to make a soft arrangement impossible.  
UK, YouGov poll: Britain was [X] to vote to leave the European Union:Right: 40% (-5)Wrong: 46% (+2)28 - 29 JanChgs. w/ 16 - 17 JanNotable. Biggest lead for 'Wrong' since series began.#Brexit 
Last night #Newsnight had far-right thug and hate preacher Tommy Robinson on just as Question Time had a man ranting about Brexit and women who accuse men of rape, who turns out to be a trained actor and Brextremist plant PR.BBC has no shame anymore. #bbcqt 
I have a sneaking suspicion "shouty Brexit means Brexit / protect rape suspects" man George Stothard from #bbcqt last night might be a little bit Tory... 
EU chief snubs May by saying he no longer believes her on Brexit  
I estimate that we are now a tantalising 4 (four) hashtags in AC Grayling's display name away from Brexit being stopped.  
To all Remoaners, MSM and HM Govt:Remember this document? June 2016? Where on this ballot paper does it give an option of a 'Soft' or 'Hard' Brexit? Staying in the SM? Staying in the CU?No, because there were only 2 options. Stay or Leave. We decided Leave.NOW GET ON WITH IT! pic.twitter.com/Ir487r2290 
Theresa May is heading back to Britain today after being praised for kowtowing to China over human rights. She sidestepped bringing it up with the Chinese government because she is pursuing a Brexit at any cost. Human rights aren’t rated by Theresa May at the best of times. 
Could somebody explain to me how publishing the already leaked Brexit analysis "hurts the UK national interest"?  Doesn't it, in fact, harm democracy NOT to publish it? 
Don't be ridiculous !Corbyn can't STOP #Brexit.Your tweet is typical of the mindless comments from so many of your #hashtag cohorts. 
I still can't get over Dr Philip Lee being disciplined by @Number10gov for talking sense, while marauding ministers from @DExEU use psychological warfare techniques to plant doubt in the public's mind about the veracity of economic models 'cos they don't like the results. #Brexit pic.twitter.com/g2Lf45zLsg 
“Do you not feel queasy when you hear a minister attacking the Civil Service?” That was what @GaryGibbonBlog asked Theresa May about claims the Civil Service deliberately tried to influence decisions in favour of a soft Brexit.  
Scotland can be the last colonised nation to leave the British empire. All we need to do is vote to leave the #Brexit - obsessed England.#Scotref September 2018  
"Prime Minister, we're here to talk about your choices" - @bbclaurak​ grills @theresa_may over her position on #Brexit.  
Tory Brexiteers ponder next move. They have more than the 48 MPs needed to force a vote of no confidence in May. They fear the Brexit vision May set out in her Lancaster House speech - out of the single market and the customs union - is under threat.  
Is this the John Redwood who forecasts that Brexit will be brilliant, or the one who forecast problems for the UK economy?  
Brexit in a nutshell. 'Not me guv, I never said that. I never made that promise. Someone else said something. I'm off.'Lies, obfuscation, misleading statements, denials and opinion. The whole thing is a coup visited on the British Public. 
“A vote to leave would represent an immediate and profound shock to our economy. That shock would push our economy into recession and lead to an increase in unemployment of around 500,000. GDP would be 3.6pc smaller.”UK Treasury before #EURef - #ProjectFear#Brexit 
Is it not just outrageous that scot gov has to do what the media should have been doing,,this Westminster gov should have been kicked out when they tried to keep parliament out of brexit  
I think if the Scot Gov releases Brexit impact details it gets, that could bring Brexit Collapse Day forward ...if they don't release it guarantees independence when Brexit reality bites ...  Oohh choices lol :) #BothWillHappen 
So @theresa_may is going to go ahead with Brexit even if it's shown to be an unmitigated disaster, and is not going to give anyone the chance to change their mind. That sound like democracy to you?! #StopBrexit #WATON 
Spain runs the risk of being downgraded to an “flawed democracy” following the national government’s attempts to stop Catalonia’s illegal referendum in October:  
While the middle-aged, middle-class anti-Brexit Twitterati (a social group to which I belong) don’t like this perspective it is nevertheless how millions of people see it.Trotting out tropes about economic ruin at people who are already economically ruined is not going to work  
The Brexit catastrofuck in a sentence: “We will look at the evidence of driving into a wall at 70mph, but we will still drive into the wall at 70mph" pic.twitter.com/icL7BsM9dk 
We'll publish and you’ll be damned – that was the message yesterday from Scotland’s Brexit Minister Mike Russell. 
Things that the SNP said would happen by voting no, have come to pass. The SNP warned what would happen as a result of Brexit and they’re coming to pass. The SNP are the only party in Britain with any clue about what’s going on. 
My piece for the LSE Brexit blog based on yesterday's thread.  
BBCQT audience member's attempt to prove BBC Brexit bias backfired spectacularly  
Scotland announces free university tuition for EU students after #Brexit date. Higher education minister Shirley-Anne Somerville said the move sent a 'strong message' that EU citizens are welcome in the country.  
Brexit caused by low levels of education, study finds Hmm IMO in many cases it was a lack of undrestanding about how the EU works - fuelled by the likes of the Daily Mail. 
Vote SNP.Stronger for raising taxes so that EU students get free university tuition  in Scotland, even after Brexit.  
WATCH: @JamesMcGrory on @GMB this morning on how Brexit in the form it was sold is undeliverable. Please RT:  
“Most deafening is May’s silence on Brexit. This was once passed off as a clever tactic to keep the UK negotiating strategy under wraps. But with less than a year left, it is clear that the real purpose is to disguise the fact that there is no strategy.”  
BREXIT GLOOM: Brexit Cost Analysis - Loss to economy would pay for 2.5 million more nurses / #EU #Brexit #NHS 
In the referendum, the notion the EU needed the UK market much was mocked, but now the cold factual reality is setting in - @DCBMEP 
We’ve got London Assembly Member @prwhittle live in the studio  at 13:00 taking your questions on knife crime, Brexit and more.Streaming live right here on Twitter so we’ll see ya then!  
Tomorrow, the NHS march and thousands will be going. Please bring your EU flags because it is either brexit or the #NHS #fbpe #WATON  
Imagine if you held an illegal referendum then ran away to Belgium ...  
I’m speaking to #DurhamUniversity @Conservatives at 2 & then (8.30pm) with #LordAdonis at Union debate “This House regrets Brexit” ...  
We can't stay in the Customs Union. It is part of the legal structure of the EU, which we're leaving. (The brilliant Ben Kelly explains all for Reaction @reactionlife) #Brexit  
#Brexit Anyone listening to the pipsqueak weasel guardian bore Owen Jones !!! Everyday on TV & radio talking bollocks. Trying to stop Brexit & Donald Trump visit. He writes for the crap  guardian newspaper that’s it. The most annoying person in  by a mile.   
Compare the real news about Germany to the narrow xenophobic tosh our Brexit press are pushing  
Liam Fox is right to argue that the UK shouldn’t be involved in any customs union with the EU after Brexit. Such an arrangement would severely limit our ability to strike free trade deals with growing economies around the world  
We don't have to choose between trading with Europe OR trading with the rest of the world. A mutually-beneficial UK/EU FTA is the aim, but UK outside of the CU will strike trade agreements with Non-EU countries regardless of the outcome of a Brexit deal  
We lost our majority & so have abandoned much of the manifesto to form greater consensus. We need exactly the same approach to #Brexit  
The @britishmuseum's loss of @dejpett is a Brexit-esque act of needless self-sabotage. He has been a force for innovation, collaboration, collegiality, research excellence and public engagement. Out of politeness, I'll stop there. 
This is how Brexit destroys UK influence. Weakens us so we are patted on the head like a lap dog for keeping not mentioning human rights violations. #Remain #FinalSay 
Pro-Leave: Johnson, Gove, IDS, Patel, Rees-Mogg, Leadsom, Farage & all of UKIP & most of media. Pro-Remain: Cameron, Osborne, May... & Jeremy Corbyn- & though he averaged 3.7 meetings per day & ignored by the media... let's all blame him for Brexit. Are people so gullible? 
The people, #EU & @Conservatives  demanding no more faffing about & fudge is it an economy first or ideological Hard #Brexit? 2/2  
Give it a RT if you favour Mike "@feorlean" Russell publishing the full leak covering #brexit consequencesEveryone's tiring of lies obfuscation & broken promises favouring #brexit& its about time there was more honesty & openness on the subject. 
#London, February 28th 2018. #DowningStreet#MarchForBritain#MarchForBrexit#FridayFeeling#FBPE #Brexit#IamBritish#ProactivePatriots 
The January poll by ICM Research gave @UKLabour only a 1% lead over the worst Tory Government in living memory. Seems to me that it's their approach to Brexit that's holding them back!!  
ICYMI, and with a new postscript (as the government has done its best since I wrote the post to show what I say is true): Brexit is fantastic project   
Good. I'm very pleased that is the EU's position on Brexit but let's make sure those same citizens rights are accessible and enforced to protect political prisoners in Spain also.  
So EU wants post-Brexit sanctions on us to prevent us being globally more competitive than them re regs/tax. So a monolith aching for a return to the 1970’s (no, not you this time Jezza!) wants to stop neighbourly competition; surely we must ALL fight this! Wake up Remoaners! 
Liam Fox rules out UK staying in any form of customs union with EU after Brexit  
We are back in business, ladies and gentlemen. Well, sort of anyway. For the first time in an age, the Commission publishes the agenda for a new round of Brexit talks starting next week.  
EU's BUDGET CRISIS: Bloc states told they face major cuts as true cost of Brexit hits  
Scotland is heading for a constitutional crisis with UKgov., entirely because of #brexit & infighting of tory party in WM. We are in prospect of losing 111 powers 2the revamped restaffed Scottish Office + key powers we currently have, they want (fracking/NHS) Whose side are u on? 
#LordBilimoria,”What do we save leaving? £8.1 bilWon’t move the needle for the #NHS.  50% of our trade is with the EU. 20% THROUGH the EU.#Commonwealth -10%. #EUref was advisory. #Brexit is like looking at a train crash in slow motion.”@BloombergTV 
"When we leave the #EU we'll be able to do trade deals with the rest of the world.""This week we've signed trade deals with China worth £9 Billion."Any of media's finest pointing out possible contradiction here? #bbcnews #Brexit 
The strong empowered Brexit Britain, able to spread British values across the globe... Just like we're doing with Trump... Turkey... And China...  
It's appalling that May has abandoned core British values to pursue an ideology that is patently harmful. We're witnessing a sort of collective narcolepsy. Time to exit Brexit 
.@jamesrbuk breaks down the numbers on Brexit forecast: Annual cost of hard Brexit equals salary of 2.5m nurses or 1m senior doctors  
The only wsy to get Tories out is to vote Labour, a vote for any other is a vote for Tory. If you want to help the NHS, the disabled, the homeless, minimise or stop brexit and live in an altogether fairer more equal society, vote Labour. If not your complicit in all the Tories do 
'Why on earth would we want to put up barriers between us and our most important market?'@fmwales makes the case for keeping access to the EU single market after #BrexitFull story:  
But now Brexit Minister has in effect said ‘Civil Servants are brilliant’ ergo right - so, as they have found on studying the matter: Brexit is very, very, very bad for Britain. Ergo further, Brexit Minister should stop Brexit. QED: simple logic.  
RATTLED: EU sanctions threat as Brussels fear Brexit Britain’s competitive advantage. More confirmation that the EU is an insular, protectionist racket!  
A very welcome development in the fight against #BrexitWe need to esnure there is another referendum, and when there is we need to be ready to fight it, so an #ExitFromBrexit can be secured. 
Brexiters will stop at nothing to get Brexit at all costs. They- smear 16m citizens calling them a liberal, metro elite- say our judges are enemies of the people- call for the Bank of England Governor to resign- call hard working MPs sabateursWe will NOT be silenced by them.  
Hardly surprising when you think of it...#Brexit's all about removing Rights..FOM, Workers rights & esp the Right to take the UK Govt to an international court when it threatens our rights...Binding #FinalSay in 2018 to Confirm #Brexit or #StopBrexit. 
I’m sorry but I won’t be brought together with advocates of soft Brexit. I haven’t given up 18 months of my life to enable a political fudge. The politicians can do that on their own but won’t have the activists with them. We are #stopbrexit #wearetheoppositionnow #WATON 
Tory MPs have used taxpayer cash to fund hard-Brexit pressure group, European Research Group - led by Jacob Rees-Mogg. Expenses claims are hidden as staff costs under ERG. Ministers have funded ERG while in post, against Ministerial Code. Mogg & ERG need to be stopped #StopBrexit 
Steve Baker MP is very much in the news. A reminder that he called for the EU to be 'wholly torn down'That would have a devastating effect on European economies & on Europe's people. It would, of course, be ideal for Putin. #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit /1 
.@Independent reports: “This is a network of hundreds of thousands of people across the country who are determined the British people have a say not only on whether we remain in the EU but also on the form of Brexit pursued” – says @ChukaUmunna 
So the civil servants’ bleak assessment of the UK’s future if Brexit were to happen is accurate & correct. Official and hereby confirmed. Any comment, Rees-Mogg?  
'Anti-Brexit' civil servants 'determined' to stay in EU  via @MailOnline 
A snippet from today's @irish_news column on the Petition of Concern--an issue I first raised during the 1998 referendum  
Brexit minister Steve Baker has apologised to the House of Commons for raising allegations which claimed Treasury officials were attempting to influence the Government to back staying in the EU customs union. 
My @Telegraph article on why the EU-27 are now finally waking up to the need for access to OUR market - as the U.K. will become their largest single customer post Brexit 
Think things couldn’t be worse? Had Theresa May got the majority she expected she’d have snatched free school meals & winter fuel payments, introduced a dementia tax, tried to bring back fox hunting, ended pensions triple lock & got away with Brexit debacle without challenge. 
As all the material benefits of Brexit evaporate... we are left treasuring a handful of invisible "sovereignty".But what is this sovereignty? If it's the power our country has over itself and the world it interacts with... it looks like we've just chucked the lot away. 
#Brexit minister Steve Baker accepted he was wrong to imply officials in the Treasury were deliberately trying to sabotage the processJacob Rees-Mogg has yet to apologiseApologise you “*Cream-Faced Loon” (Macbeth)(*A well-known 11th Century Treasury insult)  
BIAFRA: A CALL ON THE UNITED NATIONS, AFRICAN UNION AND ECOWAS AND OTHER INTERNATIONAL COMMUNITIES TO SUPERVISE BIAFRA REFERENDUM.  
Britain's fish and fisheries during #BREXIT - a fantastic rundown by @ReutersGraphics - 
So now we have the sorry spectacle of @theresa_may visibly disowning #humanrights in #china visit because she’s desperate 4 a promise of a “trade deal” post #Brexit. What else will she give up? Pathetic & demeaning. #StopBrexit @guardian 
Unilever set to move HQ from London because of Brexit. How many will follow?Unilever set to go Dutch amid uncertainty  
Here's an idea for an EU deal that's tariff-free & frictionless as possible... remain in the European Union! Let's stay, & address the real issues facing the UK. Brexit will not end inequality, help our NHS, or our economy.#RethinkBrexit #RenewBritain 
Groups opposed to hard Brexit join forces under Chuka Umunna  
Today I’ve launched @WelshGovernment vision for trade post #Brexit – supported with analysis by @CardiffBusiness our paper argues the economy is best protected by retaining full access to the #SingleMarket & membership of a customs union 
In case you missed it, yesterday I launched a new website bringing together under one roof the dodgy coalition of - mainly men - responsible for the #Brexit disaster.#BrexitBadBoys #BrexitReality 
Note that Brexiteer Baker gets away with distorsion & dishonesty while justice minister Phillip Lee gets carpeted for honestly questioning Brexit wisdom in the face of poor economic forecasts. #doublestandards #hypocrisy 
Another Conservative MP retweeting @garvanwalshe’s thread on Brexit and our institutions. The interesting question - on which cross-party thinking by thoughtful MPs like Nicky is urgently needed - is what we are going to do to strengthen/reform our constitution.  
“@LibDems Brexit spokesman @thomasbrake said Baker should be disciplined & investigated for a possible breach of the ministerial code: ‘This is not a case of the civil service conspiring against Brexit, but of the facts conspiring against the agenda of Brexiteers like Mr Baker’”  
We are building a #Brexit consensus in & out of Parliament - putting the economy first & foremost for generations to come  
Ok, now I’m paying attention... So say a post-Brexit trade deal nixes our GM food or fracking ban. Or fully blows open the Scottish NHS to corporate services. THEN does the nation rouse to its feet?  
If civil servants want to play politics with Brexit, they must stand up and be held to account like politicians, says @HughRBennett 
Delighted @theSNP have finally grown a pair and set to publish the UK Gov Brexit analysis report.The reaction from our colonial masters was predictable "threatens" "warns" - Tories don't like the truth, they like to keep everyone in the dark and lie/manipulate them. 
.Theresa May on China in 2016 #Brexit  
Theresa May has told @faisalislam that the UK will leave the EU's Customs Union and negotiate a free-trade agreement that will be good for "prosperity and jobs" #BrexitRead about the full interview here:  
Tory Brexit Leader - Who would you back? 
Telling Scotland how disastrous their Brexit will be is not in the "national interest" apparently.  
It seems Jacob Rees-Mogg & Brexit Minister Steve Baker concocted a ruse to cast doubt on the Brexit Assessment reports. Audio records have proved the accusation to be a lie - let's see the Speaker admonish & penalise both for their surreptitious misbehaviour! #NastyParty #r4today 
If a Tory MP says Brexit will be great in spite of the evidence, that’s fine. If  a Tory MP wants evidence taken into account, he’s disciplined. What kind lunatic world is  this?  
#Brexit mysteries - It is strange how quiet UK political journalists are on the subject of the return of UK fishing waters. Anyone would think that they do not want this important topic to be discussed. @fishingforleave 
David Mundell well skewered just now by Gary Robertson on GMS on fact that ScotGov analysis of economic consequences of Brexit very simillar to that of leaked UKGov analysis. And he still hasn't read Scotland Act ! 
My piece on Theresa May’s obnoxious Brexit-fuelled craze to constantly define and essentialise the British identity  
It was wrong to say the @scotgov was “scaremongering” in its Brexit analysis which tallies with UK Gov leaked doc? @BBCGaryR asks @DavidMundellDCT. Hapless Mundell evades question but refuses to disagree because he knows it’s true. 
Let's be clear. We have a plan. Brexit means Brexit and enough is enough. We want a red, white and blue Brexit. And we will deliver the best outcome for the British people. Let's be clear about that 
“[This] announcement gives some much-needed clarity and assurance to universities but most importantly demonstrates to EU students that they continue to be welcome in Scotland” #Brexit 
With Ben & Sam Willis after Cambridge Uni Labour Club anti-Brexit meeting yesterday. Two brothers from Mossbourne Academy in Hackney - huge tribute to brilliant school which aims for the stars!  
The UK Govt refuse to engage with the question which is typical of their lack of candour over #Brexit. But parliamentarians & the people of these islands need to know. @JolyonMaugham will be live tweeting the court hearing #Art50 #brexit #FBPE 2/2 
We'll publish and you’ll be damned – that was the message yesterday from Scotland’s Brexit Minister Mike Russell. 
Today at 10am I’m part of a cross party group of parliamentarians going to the Court of Session in Edinburgh to ask it to refer the question - does the UK have a unilateral legal right to revoke its #Art50 notification - to the CJEU. #brexit #FBPE 1/2 
Prime Minister @Theresa_May confirming that #Brexit means leaving the #SingleMarket and the #CustomsUnion, then negotiating a separate free trade agreement with the EU. Which will then enable us to make trade deals around the world. #PMinChina 
I don’t have the languages to state this with full confidence but what I’ve understood of foreign Brexit coverage, coupled with what we’re seeing unfold here, suggests that Theresa May doesn’t actually have a plan. 
Aw, bless. Russian bot for Brexit protects its tweets after I call out its @GMB posts. Sadly for @putinRF, I always archive first. Trust, but verify :)  - take a look, @CommonsHomeAffs cc @YvetteCooperMP @RhonddaBryant @RoryStewartUK - Screenshots in my TL. 
Theresa May has been in China trying to hawk UK goods, give a positive spin on Brexit... but the World knows how badly it is going. They can see the devaluation of the £pound, the wage stagnation, the inflation, the stalling of growth - the desparate situation! #BrexitShambles 
So folks, I read this as Russia trying to threaten Foreign Secretary @BorisJohnson over his contacts with them. Asked if “the Brexit brigade” had contactRussia replies naming Johnson with a non-denial denial “never came to embassy”“How about the tea shop across the street”?  
The ConservativeParty urgently needs to - stop arguing about whether Brexit was a good idea and focus on making a success of it- talk less about Brexit & itself & talk more about Britain & the World- start setting out a coherent set of Values +Vision for #BeyondBrexit Britain 
May the 3rd local Election, to send @UKLabour the message to fight brexit and stop the Tories, please help turn the UK Yellow and Green.Please vote@theSNP@LibDems@Plaid_Cymru@TheGreenParty 
Says “Dave English” @BrexitBot52 - take a look at his timeline, @GMB fans - this guy is about as English as Vlad Putin. Think @TwitterSupport have cleaned up their act? Think again. #Brexit @CommonsHomeAffs 
Theresa May is NOT “delivering the Brexit Brtish people want.” The British people do not want to be poorer, which is exactly what the government’s *own research* says will happen if we leave the EU. 
Definitely need to ask @BorisJohnson some hard questions about his contacts with Russia over #Brexit. Hopefully UK press won’t be as slow as US press was to hold politicians to account!  
#Spain's Prison Service threatens #Catalonia's deposed VP @Junqueras, jailed WITHOUT TRIAL for holding the #1OCT #referendum and recently reelected to #Parlament, with 15 days confinement to his cell for his interview in @Diario_16 #FreeSpeech? Where? 
Whenever I hear Theresa May say “the British people voted for Brexit” I can’t help think of this map #ScotRef #Brexit  
Great time discussing “Bots for Brexit” and what happens next in Trump Russia on @GMB -it’s Watergate on steroids and affects Britain and America alike 
Brexit reduces us to ditching our values and abandoning our soft power in an attempt to salvage some of the trading clout we’ve lost.  
This is no longer Leave v Remain. It’s about letting UK’s democratic institutions take a strategic decision: close to EU after Brexit or not 
It’s increasingly clear @theresa_may’s decision on the relationship Britain has with the EU post #Brexit won’t just be a day of reckoning for her, but for the entire Conservative party. There are guaranteed howls of rage whatever she does. Who knows where things will land? 
The UK cabinet as out of touch with business, finance and professional opinion as I can remember. They cannot shape a Brexit plan... 
All respected economists agree that Brexit will be massively damaging to the UK economy - that damage will put essential services at risk: NHS, Police, Armed Forces, Fire/Police/Ambulance Service... & leave EVERYONE much poorer. Still think it's a good idea? #StopBrexit #r4today 
Theresa May has flown to China to tell @bbclaurak that she has no idea what she wants Britain to look like after Brexit... 
Theresa May will not sack Brexit minister who suggested civil servants were biased  
Briefing European press this morning on growing campaign for a referendum on the Farage/May Brexit deal. Then to Durham to speak at the Labour Club, European Movement & Durham Union on ‘how to stop the Farage/May horror show’ 
A month into 2018 & Brexit -trailed by all its self-made controversies, deceits & hubris - dominates everything in British political life. Meanwhile the list of actual problems being thrown into the long grass grows. It’s bleak.  
Do you think Theresa May is going to deliver the #Brexit that you want?#r4today#FBPE 
Does the Scottish Government have a duty to inform it's citizens of the information in Westminster's Brexit impact analysis? 
Every far right #Brexit extremist should be forced to read this.#FBPE#Leave#WATONChild refugees who fled Nazis plead for UK to take in more migrants - 
So you see Mrs May, just like your hob nobs and toblerone, if you continue with #Brexit even your cups of tea will be smaller  
Scotland announces free university tuition for EU students after Brexit  
.Let's NOT accept the Brexit lies.Let's NOT accept Brexit.. 
Hard Brexit would wipe out Welsh steel industry, first minister claims  
Or maybe, juuuust maybe, this whole Brexit thing is a social and economic disaster, and you’re actually on the wrong side, Julia.Just a thought.  
We argued similarly in Dutch #brexit case. Irish court refuses man's extradition because of Brexit 
International Trade Minister Liam Fox now says that post-Brexit trade deals could be 'some time away'. He originally dismissed the process as easy and could happen in days... Why is this incompetent Brexiter still in his job? Total #BrexitShambles #r4today 
Think about all the governments you have ever voted in.Think of all the manifesto pledges they made, and later broke.They weren't so fussed about the 'will of the people' then.So why are they now?Because Brexit isn't in the peoples' interests. It's in theirs. 
'My vision is for a global Britain, that is trading around the world, independent, playing its role on the world stage. That's why I'm here in China' says Prime Minister Theresa May to #GMB on her post-Brexit vision.  
Ok, let’s have a referendum so the British people can say whether they want customs tariffs & barriers with our major export & import markets!  
WM: oh FFS we'll publish our draft Brexit assessments, but only to a privileged few. But y'now they don't tell the whole story.SNP: you let us see them and we'll publish them for EVERYONE to see & judge.WM: prepare the Tower of London ! 
EU migrant u-turn Enough EU migrants to fill Swindon ‘to be allowed in every year after Brexit’Leaked plans reveal a mere 40,000 reduction will be made to the 230,000 newcomers - and they'll still get VIP treatment  @Conservatives@theresa_may 
Should we take the leaked Brexit impact assessments seriously?... Considering the enormous mistakes made by the pessimistic so far, not very seriously   
#OneMoreQuestion on #TheresaMay’s #China visit: How will #Brexit affect B&R? https://googl/x9Jfb3  
Show more aggression to protect the City, says Tory Brexiteer @BimAfolami MP who was an HSBC executive says UK must threaten to slash rules if Brussels blocks a Brexit trade deal    via @MailOnline 
King of Norway tells William and Kate he hopes UK will remain an 'important friend' after Brexit  
For the record it’s not a new black word, yet. Black Twitter will meet and a review board will decide on whether or not to move forward with the “CocoShango” referendum  
@ChukaUmunna @Keir_Starmer Agreed, Corbyn and the Lexiteers are selling @UKLabour down the river! The best chance Labour has of being elected is to oppose #Brexit. 
May warns Sturgeon publishing leaked Brexit analysis would harm UK's "national interest"  Publish them Nicola never mind what Theresa May saying its our future thats in jeopardy due to her lies. 
Does he have a connection to Lincolnshire.  Did he come on basis he would get to interrupt or ask questions throughout show. Looks like an effort by Pedley to help Brexit in an awful week. Perhaps she can explain why this guy got a ticket and multiple questions. 
You can support Labour'sr approach to decent standards for all, whilst opposing the bottomless pit of Brexit that will drain away cash and resources...Labour is split down the middle on Brexit and will crash on it just like the Tories are doing... 
Brexit: Guy Verhofstadt rejects Theresa May's plan to end free movement rights early        
Personally I think it's now beyond any doubt that Brexit will cause deep harm to our country for generations.As that is the case, our elected representatives have a duty to do what they know to be best for the country & cancel Brexit.Anything else is causing deliberate harm. 
"New party aiming to stop Brexit plans UK tour" Evening Standard - Renew's nationwide launch is imminent! #RenewBritain #RethinkBrexit #FBPE 
We need to have a law in #Canada to have a yearly online referendum using our SIN number to REMOVE the party in power if they fail the Canadian People. That will rid us of idiots like #jihadijustin 
Disturbing thread on Dacre, Rees Mogg, Nadine Dorries and Arron Bank's attack on the civil service as the 'enemy within'This is our equivalent of the concerted attacks on the FBI by Trump supporters and extreme republicans.#Trump #Brexit are turning into a coup de'tat  
Great words from the truly Great #WinstonChurchill ! #BBC #SKY @LBC #LBC @ConHome #UK @CCHQPress #Tory @Jacob_Rees_Mogg @Conservatives #ConservativeParty #Conservatives #UKIP #JacobReesMogg @BorisJohnson #BREXIT #TORIES #BREXIT #UK #EU @realDonaldTrump #USA 
75% of the future of the #UK voted to remain in the #EU. And they don't want to watch their country being destroyed by nationalist politics. With @the75percent, a new campaign is spreading to fight for Britain to #remain! #Brexit #NoBrexit 
AMERiCA's  NeWeST  STaTE#ARKANCiDE#iNternetBillOfRiGHTs#WouldYourGovtLieToYou#MonikaSchaefer #FreeLauri #WhoKilledSerenaShim#Q #QAnon #QAnon8chan #TheStorm#PedoGate #PizzaGate #TheFranklinAffair#auspol #brexit #ausmedia #BDS #CBTS 
In @ReutersOpinion: Brexit reinvents the Dunkirk myth  
Hard Brexit would wipe out Welsh steel industry, first minister claims  
Extraordinary result in the heart of Leave land. Massive wake-up call for Corbyn's Brexit-backing Labour  
Dear .@Open_Britain @ChukaUmunna @CarolineLucas @Anna_Soubry want to make this very clear. The only Brexit the grassroots activists oppose is Brexit. Soft Brexit is Brexit. You do not represent the 16m voters when you go for appeasement .@spaceangel1964 @LoubinWally @MHookins 
The best metaphor yet as to why the public need a say on the final deal when it comes to Brexit - because all that's on offer for our future are Ben Affleck and Matt Damon films ...#brexithaos 
@London4Europe Chair, Nick Hopkinson, welcomes the coming together of pro-European groups including @euromove @BestForBritain @Open_Britain @HealthierIn under @ChukaUmunna#FBPE #WATON #StopBrexit2018 #stopbrexit #brexit  
The EU refuses a soft Brexit, so we must invoke the WTO immediately  
Well done to the SG and Mike Russell telling the people of Scotland and the rUK that they will publish the brexit analysis the British gov refuse to let the public view. The British gov can no longer treat the people on this island as imbeciles. It effects us we have rights 
“It’s not just about Brexit, is it? Her problem is they see no leadership on the other big questions, on housing, on the NHS, on these huge gaps we see in terms of how well kids are doing at school” @leicesterliz #fourpercent #bbctw 
More worthless clucking from our #PM @theresa_may at @Number10gov! That's right you are going to stand up to the #EU.....? Yeah of course you are! #BBC @daily_politics #SKY @BBC @LBC #LBC @ConHome @CCHQPress #Tory @Conservatives #Conservatives #theresamay #BREXIT @bbclaurak 
May is deliberately picking a fight with the EU over citizens. She knows it's a red line for them and, unlike HER,THEY will not betray citizens so when they veto deal,May can blame EU for scuppering Brexit. +will leave a very nasty taste and sour relations for ages. #StopBrexit 
If I was only slightly pro Brexit when I voted, I’m definitely a staunch Brexiteer now. The bile and lies of Militant Remainers is sickening. Why even bother? The vote has taken place and we’re out  #bbcqt 
Brexit has become a policy black hole, sucking in ever greater resources and attention while other problems fester in the background that could have the potential to overwhelm a fractured UK state.All in a futile struggle over Brexit outcomes that will be decided by the EU 
Watch as our LYING #PM @theresa_may pretends to talk tough on #EUcitizensRights after #Brexit, then caves in at the last minute! MORE #LIES!   #BBC @daily_politics #SKY @LBC #LBC @ConHome #UK @CCHQPress #Tory @Conservatives #Conservatives #theresamay @daily_politics #EU #UK 
Interesting #bbcqt the very...firm #Brexit man in the audience did absolutely nothing to help rid himself of that tainted stereotype. Loud, aggressive, intimidating and believed he had the right to silence anyone who dared have another view. He is #BritainAfterBrexit #StopBrexit 
@the75percent is off to a great start! Support on their 1st day from @vincecable @Scientists4EU @mikegalsworthy @euromovescot @MollyMEP Young people need a powerful voice in the #Brexit debate.#FBPE #StopBrexitSaveBritain  
I think we've all learned a lot about the EU. It's not quite the monster our press have made it out to be, is it? In fact, if it's one thing #Brexit has revealed to me, it's how awful our press is. It's totally failing in its job to report, inform & hold the government to account 
He’s right, Brexit isn’t rocket science, because rocket science is for people with extremely bright ideas who know what they’re doing... #bbcqt 
IoW last week. Sunderland this week. People showing they’re not happy with Brexit? #FBPE #RemainerNow 
Well that was ghastly. Low point of this week's #bbcqt:Tim Stanley enthusing about #Brexit ushering in a new era of Thatcherism & the #Brexiters cheering him on - little knowing that Tory #Brexit is a Trojan horse for taking their rights, jobs & whatever prosperity they've got. 
Only the Lib Dems can deliver the clean, hard Brexit that Sunderland voted for  
Watching @bbcquestiontime is a fantastic reality check on Brexit. And the reality is that it has divided people more than any other issue I can think of. And what’s worse is that this is just the beginning. Forget leaving the EU. We’re about to tear the country apart. 
Oh look.. A beetroot faced, ignorant, bigoted brextemist .. I guess it it must be that time of the week again!! #bbcqt #Brexit  
Wondering now, who’s this? So far he’s had x2 #bbcqt slots tonight and he’s a Brexit fan. My #GuessTheBbcqtPlant tonight. 
All those who voted to remain, please remember #Brexit will only be temporary. It is our young who will make the final decision and 76% of them who voted want to be part of the EU. They will vote for closer and closer relations with the EU in the future. #bbcqt 
Not just one question but two questions on Brexit. Nothing on homelessness, nothing on the U-turn affecting 1.6 million PIP claimants. It's just ridiculous #bbcqt 
If you were in the Question Time audience tonight and you tried to shout over the Spanish lady , you are the reason I will always fight brexit #bbcqt 
#BBCQT Just occurred to me that this lady is from Spain. Spain denounced a Referendum they didn't like as "illegal".She then goes on to denounce a lawfully arranged and agreed upon Referendum (Referendum Act 2015) as "illegal".  
.@joswinson says that the vision of a 'cake and eat it' Brexit is 'total fantasy' #bbcqt 
#bbcqt Bravo the women in the audience who pointed that she and countless other EU citizens, irrespective of how long they had lived in the UK and paid taxes, were deprived a vote in the Referendum. 
Spanish woman hit the nail on the head about referendum and put that ignorant, shouty Brexiter back in his box. Well done! #bbcqt 
.@joswinson says that people are not being given an accurate view of the Brexit that is possible to deliver #bbcqt 
.@timothy_stanley says that it is important for democracy that the will of the people is implemented over Brexit #bbcqt 
The idea that we will have greater national sovereignty when we leave the EU is pure nonsense. Our domestic policy decisions on taxation & public spending will be dictated by the financial markets. Our country is heading further & further to the right #bbcqt #brexit 
Brexit isn't complicated. It means: 1. Parliamentary sovereignty. 2. The supremacy of British courts. 3. The ability to control immigration. 4. A genuinely independent foreign policy. 5. The ability to form trade deals with the wider world. That is a TRUE Brexit #bbcqt 
Brexit is rubbish. Pass it on.  
Unfortunately Jeremy, your support for Brexit means you won’t be able to afford to.  
The leaked Brexit report shows the need for Theresa May to get a grip on Whitehall, says @asabenn 
Heads up. We voted for BREXIT because we want OUT of the EU. Hope that helps the lady in #bbcqt audience 
Justine Greening doing good job of embodying the problem of a party crammed with politicians who just don't get #Brexit - to exasparation of #bbcqt audience & millions of voters. Problem not that she turned down a Cabinet job from May. More a problem was that she was offered one 
We should send the #bbcqt audience to Brussels to negotiate & just shout “BREXIT IS BREXIT IT’S NOT DIFFICULT” at Barnier over & over again 
"Lets have lots of robots" says John Mann for a post-Brexit industrial strategy.This is the political mastermind who said Corbyn would destroy Labour. When he talks you better listen #BBCQT 
"Brexit means Brexit! We need someone who believes in Brexit and will fight for it!"A rather apt tone from a man who looks like he just lost a car park scrap against logic itself.#bbcqt 
We're committed to getting the best Brexit deal, delivering control of our laws, money and borders - while building a new deep and special partnership with the EU. #bbcqt 
This audience member says that it's 'not rocket science' to deliver Brexit and says MPs should get on with it #bbcqt 
It’s Brexit shouty man, not Breggzit. #BBCQT 
Curious ramble from Justine Greening about the prospects of "young people" when we Brexit. Has she even READ up on EU youth unemployment? #bbcqt 
"When will Remainers realise our brexit decision was about more than figures" #bbcqt. Never. They are hard core EU serfs who do not believe in a soverign United Kingdom. 
#BBCQT Jo Swinson of Lib Dems saying that Jacob Rees-Mogg has "extreme views".What extreme views would they be?Brexit?Is she saying 52% of people who voted in the Referendum are "extreme" or is she labelling Tim Farron "extreme" because of the similar views she holds as JRM? 
It's a sad Brexit truth that Remainers probably spend more time having to argue with Corbyn supporters than Kippers or Tories.#StopBrexit 
The EU referendum wasn’t a close result, it was a solid win for Leave. They secured over a million more votes, a million is a lot. #bbcqt 
Can someone explain to Jo Swinson that when you LOSE a referendum that means...you have lost #bbcqt 
WIse woman on #bbcqt says Theresa May cannot achieve a good Brexit because there's no such thing. The loss of 700,000 jobs is totally unacceptable.Hurrah!#FBPE #WATON 
Brexit Minister confirms the validity and credibility of his department’s research, showing Brexit outcomes worse in all circumstances. How can a Minister pursue a policy against the national interest?  
Do you know what really hurts the 'national interest'? A Tory party that is hiding its own Brexit analysis from the public that indicates that the UK will be worse off under every scenario, all in the name of preserving Tory power.  
Theresa May, ineffective at Home Office, abysmal GE performance, capitulation in Brexit negotiations. She can't be saved, but the party can, if they replace her before it's too late.#bbcqt 
The only form of Brexit that fits the EU's requirements and the real or perceived needs of the Brexiteers is a hard Brexit without transition.Once this is clear and Project Fear becomes Project Bleeding Obvious we'll vote to #remain.#FinalSay #FBPE 
Any bookies taking bets on "Brexit Collapse Day" ...and if so what would folk plump for ? 
EU to veto Brexit if May fails to protect citizens’ rights. Our Country, Our Laws! We are fed up with EU Dictators!  
A lot has happened Brexit-wise in the UK today, but please spare a moment to learn a bit more about #citizensrights discussion in @EUparliament today and why @theresa_may’s move to stop freedom of movement for transition period will mean chaos for us @The3Million already here. 
Imagine, if you will. A UK reversing Brexit.The pound will go ballisticInward investment will flood inThe world will breath a sigh of reliefThe economy will boomWe will all prosper (if the government addresses the real cause of discontent in the country)Or we can leave 
One of the more sly ways the BBC work their bias against Labour and Corbyn is omission. In particular they like to pretend Jeremy doesn't exist for most of the time. The Brexit transition deal coverage today (1st Feb) is a very good example of this...  
Jacob Rees-Mogg stands by raising claims of Brexit 'conspiracy'  
It's time for our favorite currency-crash-based gameshow: Bitcoin Bubble Or Brexit Pound  
We live in a weird world when everyone knows Brexit will spell disaster for the UK but we still blindly forge ahead as if turning back would be too embarrassing. How very British, how very foolish. How insane. 
BREXIT: Fury as Tory minister escapes discipline for 'conspiracy theory' about civil servants influencing #Brexit  
"Despite Brexit"....  
Alright gays, we’ve had Brexit, we’ve had Trump, we sure as hell can’t have Ann Widdecombe and her outdated homophobia winning #CBB. Time to use your disposable incomes for some good. 
Friday's Independent: "Minister for Brexit 'conspiracy theories'" (via @AllieHBNews) #bbcpapers #tomorrowspaperstoday 
BOMBSHELL research FINALLY proves BBC is biased towards Brexit  
O wefan @plaid_cymru3. Does Plaid Cymru want a second referendum on EU membership? No... we accept that the EU referendum result represents the current will of the people of Wales. Di'r polisi wedi newid yn fyw ar #pawbaifarn ? Scoop 
Brexit stamps are out  
EU brain: the EU must have a veto on new British laws.Brexit brain: Britain must keep the veto on new EU laws.Galactic brain: neither Britain nor the EU may pass any new laws at all forever 
It's #GroundhogDay tomorrow. Or if you're British "another day of Brexit" 
The Treasury is toying with raw speculation in its Brexit forecasts. Europe's looming civil wars will blow them away, says Ambrose Evans-Pritchard  
The EU refuses a soft Brexit, so we must invoke the WTO immediately. . At last, a National Newspaper brave enough to tell it like it is. The games up @theresa_may. No more prevarication. We want what we voted for! 
It's worthwhile remembering that long before Brexit Theresa May was described as "Enoch Powell in a dress". Her antagonism towards migrants isn't about fulfillment of Brexit, it's about fulfilling her own long held ideology. 
Carney clarifies #Brexit econ burden – & quadruples itWhat’s more, this is all B4 we’ve even quit the EU. It’s hard to know how bad...bcos Cabinet ministers R fighting like ferrets in a sack & the PM hasn’t a clue what sort of Brexit she wants. IDIOCRACY 
.“The surprise decision in Dublin is an early sign of the disruption Brexit may inflict on legal cooperation across the continent.". 
Friday’s @FT Britain will face sanctions it if tries to undercut EU economy post- #Brexit Another hard lesson for UK to absorb in the realpolitik of Brexit talks - that sovereignty is a complete illusion and “taking back control” just impossible.  
Really just hope all the young people tweeting in favor of repealing the 8th will get their asses out to vote because it’s so important ,we can’t win a referendum with twitter likes !! 
Brexit appears to be being implemented by people who dislike it. 
Welcome to your Brexit future, where ministers are required to sign off on facts. Only then can we ensure the facts are correct.  
Head of so-called European Research Group, #JacobReesMogg revealed not to have done his, er, research in putting #Brexit minister Steve Baker up to anti-civil service mischief in the Commons. These Europhobes are seriously challenged by reality. 
Charles Grant DID Say Treasury Pushing Government Towards Softer Brexit  
Pro tip.Jabbing furiously at your iPad in front of the telly, over a bottle of wine, isn’t going to stop Brexit. 
Is it surprising that a Minister who is so EUphobic he once proudly said that all of the EU needs to be torn down but was still deemed the right person to negotiate Brexit may also be subject to a little selective memory failure on EU related matters?   
Incoming:big Brexit scoop from @GeorgeWParker @ChrisGiles_ May's advisers seriously considering UK customs union deal on goods (not services) that would impair its ability to strike new third party trade deals 
To all those upset by our divided Brexit society, take heart! We will soon be united by a common enemy - reality. 
Do not believe any media, politicos or Remain campaigners reporting the leaked #Brexit impact assessments “show” the UK would be worse off after #Brexit.They “show” nothing.They merely *claim* much of what their authors similarly claimed 2 years ago, and were proved wrong 
Fury as Tory minister escapes discipline for 'conspiracy theory' about civil servants influencing Brexit  
Number 10 warns Scottish government over threat to publish leaked Brexit analysis - PoliticsHome  
Economics expert Liam Halligan dismissed the gloomy Brexit forecasts by listing out the upsides of Brexit that are never reported  
Have to keep reminding ourselves throughout this grisly process, PM has insisted upon Brexit and asked Brussels for a transition on their terms. If she didn't understand what that meant despite thousands of attempts at explanation, it's not the fault of the EU 
‘Brexit is an act of protectionism promulgated by English nationalists who inexplicably style themselves free-marketeers. Every study produced in Whitehall suggests departure from the single market will leave Britain poorer’  
‘Most MPs in the House of Commons consider Brexit an act of folly. They will vote against their judgment because the referendum, with its narrow majority for leave, has been invested with an absurd, almost mystical status.’  
As there are ALSO those who are trying their damndest to impose this stupid brexit on us despite half the population voting against it, the Current Government having no Parliamentary Mandate for it, and this Government's own experts warning against it,   So what is your point ? 
ICYM: Announcement: @ChukaUmunna to head new Grassroots Coordinating Group, promoting a pro-EU cause & defence of UK's leading role & a #FinalSayForALL on May's #Brexit. Viva @euromove @Open_Britain @BestForBritain @Scientists4EU @HealthierIn et al. #WATON 
Only 3 out of 60 students in favour of Brexit at great meeting of @CambridgeLabour uni. They want a referendum on the Farage/May Brexit horror, & I explained how we can get one!  
In your view, is Britain heading in the right direction with #Brexit? #EU RT after you vote. 
And what has Ruth Davidson done?Hidden from media on Brexit catastrophe then moaned that rich people shouldn't get taxed  
#Brexit? Who actually WANTS a ‘transition period?’ I have not heard of any company or business who wants or needs a transition period. Most decent businesses are ready and prepared for Brexit now. 
Lord Blencathra - "Some Lords in this house have suggested that people voted to Leave the EU but they did not vote to leave the customs union of the single market. I’m sorry, but that is nonsense." #Brexit  
If anyone's still confused about the 'Brexit Dividend', it's best explained as ordinary people sacrificing some of their wealth in order for the richest in society to go on keeping all of theirs.#NevvaGonnaGiveEuUp 
REVEALED: Treasury plot to force Britain to stay under EU rule after Brexit  
BREXITThe true cost of staying in the EU would be far higher than anything that the Treasury now predicts. We would become nothing more than a regional province in a vast German-led federal superstate robbed of all national self respect. A humiliating price we should never pay.  
- Sarah Mortell “My 91-year-old grandfather, who voted against the insertion of the 8th Amendment into the constitution in 1983 and will vote to repeal in the referendum scheduled for May” @grans4repeal #repealthe8th 
Pro-EU campaign groups have joined forces to fight against a hard Brexit  
No, the point is we could do it without taking economic hit, massive costs and turmoil of Brexit. The fault lies with successive UK governments not the EU. And people are not ‘pouring in uncontrolled’, that is tabloid gibberish. 
You couldn’t make it up!  #Tory minister Phillip Lee disciplined by party whips for saying that #Brexit should be led by 'evidence not dogma'  
Great to se the unions starting to back the Remain stance and reject the Lexit false-narratives ... time for JC to swing in behind Remain as the Brexit story falls to pieces - NONE of the brexit options Cons are pursuing would pass more than a couple of the 6 tests... 
Knife-carrying French student blames #Brexit for arrest, judges show mercy  
Good news, but I believe the majority of the Pro EU community, particularly those using #FBPE across the UK and the rest of Europe, want to stop Brexit completely and will not accept a soft Brexit. If there is a 2nd referendum, I want a ballot paper option to stay in the EU. 
After 20 years+ teaching British kids, this wankpuffin calls me work shy. Well, fuck you very much, Mr William Brexit  
Sadly, there is a lot of force in this thread. Do read.Perhaps the most unfortunate and counterproductive aspect of Brexit is the Brexiteers' reckless attack on domestic institutions: courts, the civil service, parliamentary representation.This is not 'taking back control'.  
#NevvaGonnaGiveEuUp Your chance to see what will one day be in the history books.... Everyone should be aware that Brexit is not about what's best for most of us in the UK, but to satisfy the greed & power of the few - they are simply using the EU as a scapegoat. #PCPEU #FBPE 
This site by @MollyMEP on the network of money, power & tax havens that has foisted #Brexit on Britain is an absolute go-to resource for all Remainers Check the list: #StopBrexit #FBPE #WATONPlease RT 
"The Emperor is not wearing any clothes." Brexit will be used to turn the UK into a safe house for tax dodgers, polluters and bad bosses. Wasn't that the whole point?  
I told the Guardian the truth, that HMT research pointed to the heavy costs of leaving the customs union. I also stated what everyone knows, that as an institution the Treasury - caring about economics - would rather have a softer Brexit.  
The gloves are off... May is seeking to create a hierarchy of deservedness. The Tories are seeking to water down rights of people coming to the UK post EU Ref but Pre-#Brexit. An absolute disgrace which will perpetuate the feelings of isolation & victimisation felt by migrants!  
#FarageOnLBC "Northern Ireland is a lot better than it was 20 years ago, and if that's part of the package, hey! it works!"From the man whose Brexit risks ripping the island apart. It would be laughable if it wasn't so serious. 
Priti Patel: Refund Please!Brits want their money BACK from EU after 45 YEARS of contributions“Mr Speaker, over last 45 years, British taxpayers have had far too much of their money taken from them by EU"How much is Britain owed in #EU assets?#Brexit 
If you really support #NevvaGonnaGiveEUup & want to do something to stop Brexit, then pls sign this & SHARE. I know some have 'petition-fatigue', but it takes 2 minutes! And, yes, I know they don't always give us the response we want, but we need to try!  
What matters in the long term is not whether the UK is in or outside the EU, but whether it can operate institutional government outside it. Everything we've seen so far from the Brexit movement suggests it can't. 27/ 
So, Steve Baker has accused the civil service of trying to sabotage Brexit, attributed a false quote to Charles Grant, and mislead Parliament in the process. And it’s only Thursday. 
I notice the people who lost their nerve when the fight seemed hopeless, are coming out of hiding & supporting us now they see we have turned the tide. Stopping Brexit  is the biggest demonstration of people power the U.K. has seen in living memory  #FBPE #nevvagonnagiveEUup 
We are campaigning to prevent Dutch secret services using a #dragnet surveillance and a #DNA database. We need a better law, so join us in a vote against this law per referendum on March 21st!  
The people who swallowed the "Corbyn didn't work hard enough for Remain" spin are the same ones now blaming him for not stopping Brexit. He's in OPPOSITION, fannies... probably due to you.  
Four days chasing the govt for the leaked Brexit papers. Now at bingo night at my childrens’ local primary school! 
The Tories want to take 111 powers away from the Scottish Parliament. They are pretending it's all about getting "the best Brexit deal". It's not. It's about imposing their regressive policies on Scotland. 
I genuinely prefer this to 99% of all the actual stand up I’ve seen about brexit  
Another meeting between Scottish and UK ministers about Brexit has ended without agreement; Mike Russell says talks with David Lidington were "very frustrating" 
Choose the truth, or choose the lie. @ChrisGiles_ is on the money here as to why the govt’s conduct has led Britain into political crisis. #Brexit 
Excited to be part of the coalition coming together to give people the final say on #Brexit. It's a decision that will affect everyone and the public must decide their own future  
Before a second Independence referendum, we need to sort out central vote counting by opening and counting ballot boxes in polling stations and we also need to place heavy limits on postal voting, supported by holding the ballot on a weekend. 
Brexit Britain’s nervous breakdownA sturdy, stable democracy once where anger and acrimony are the new normal, as likely to elicit a weary shrug as incredulityMendacity, chaos and division could end in complete paralysis The humiliation is excruciating 
'May should learn from Thatcher!' Lord urges PM to take the Iron Lady's approach to Brexit  
Why it’s ok for voters in democracies to change their minds, brilliantly explained in 45 seconds.#Brexit  
Treasury deliberately produced gloomy Brexit forecasts to keep UK in customs union, top minister suggests  
.@theRCN’s Donna Kinnair on tonight’s @BBCNews reacting to Theresa May’s plan to refuse residency rights to EU citizens who arrive during the Brexit transition period. EU nurses play a hugely valuable role and uncertainty like this will stop people wanting to put down roots here  
Theresa May in China: BBC reports that it’s a “Brexit-friendly” mission with govt helping UK companies to “get various contracts over the line”. Sure: but we were perfectly able to do that kind of stuff as EU members; other EU countries do it all the time! #BrexitShambles #twats 
Holyrood’s Brexit minister Mike Russell has written to David Davis insisting the public "have a right to know" what effect Britain quitting the EU could have on their lives.#GonaeNo 
PM claims Brexit makes UK ‘more outward-looking’. What utter bilge. Up to now: lead member of 500m-strong EU which multiplied our influence; enjoying 60 EU trade agts, major NATO country, Perm m of UNSC, key country in CW (none of whom want Brexit), spec rel w US *because* in EU 
An increasingly ruffled David Davis finally had his department draw up a Brexit impact analysis. And it is nightmarish.  
They’re not opposed to hard Brexit, they want to stop *any* Brexit. Why would they respect the result of a 2nd referendum when they don’t respect the result of the one we’ve already had?  
Trouble brewing. Steve Baker, Brexit minister, earlier suggested Charles Grant told him Treasury had deliberately developed model to show leaving customs union would be bad. Grant didn't quite say that, as you can see below  
I don't know who created this, but it seems all too appropriate. Let's call it 'the Leaver'. #StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON #Brexit.  
Part of the confusion about Brexit is due to the fact that we don't have an opposition pushing the government for clarity on the details. Because then the opposition would have to be clear too! This really is a perfect storm of incompetence on both sides of the house.#StopBrexit 
I see @LibDems forming a coalition of the willing, drawn from all parties, as the failure of the Opposition to oppose Brexit becomes more obvious and embarrassing  
#honestpoll Do you trust our Government?  Please #vote, #retweet and explain. I will RT discussion points. #nhs #immigration #brexit #eu 
Of course Treasury skewed the research on Brexit js they did before referendum in Project Fear.  Paws of Jeremy Heywood @HeadUKCivServ  are all over it 
The government has accused the Civil Service of fabricating the Brexit impact analyses.Let them dare say this again, OUTSIDE the House of Commons, inside which you can't be guilty of slander or libel.Up for it, chaps? 
Excellent news. Groups opposed to hard Brexit join forces under Chuka Umunna. It’s called GCG - Grassroots Coordinating Group. I think it needs a punchier name, but even so, us anti-Brexiteers should welcome it and give it our full support.  #FBPE #WATON 
I will never get over the fact that the DRIPA litigation was started by the person who is now the Brexit secretary suing the person who is now the PM to overturn a vote he lost in the UK Parliament by saying it was inconsistent with EU law. 
Groups opposed to hard Brexit join forces under Chuka Umunna   
The supreme irony of Brexit: Leavers are turning against British institutions.  
The only reason public opinion is not massively against Brexit already is the distorted media that informs the leave demographic. Fascist newspapers obviously, but also the BBC. They have a lot to answer for with their resolutely pro-Brexit stance. 
One often misunderstood point about May's plans to oppose freedom of movement rights is that it doesn't matter to EU citizens in the UK  -  they will retain them post Brexit. The only people who will lose them are the British in Europe. 
Our fall down the rabbit hole continues at speed. Tory MPs who back Brexit are blaming - blaming - Theresa May for commissioning analyses that would tell the truth  
With the ongoing #Brexit negotiations it is important to remember that non-member countries do NOT have to accept freedom of movement as part of a trade deal with the EU. Today @DExEUgov questions this was confirmed by my question to the Minister  
So Robert, have we got this right? EU's 1st option Frankfurt is at #11.  EU's 2nd option Paris is at #26. And #Brexit Britain's very own city of London (no, it's not yours Sadiq) sits serenely at #1 in the Global Financial Centres Index.  Is that right? #SuckItUpJeanClaude 
Wonderful that, in this post-Brexit referendum world, basic facts that a child would understand like 'you tend to trade more with countries that are closer to you' are suddenly up for debate.  
Groups opposed to hard Brexit join forces under Chuka Umunna  
I was trying (unsuccessfully) to explain earlier to someone on here why May's objection to EU citizens arriving after Brexit being allowed to stay in the UK is a problem from the EU's PoV. Let me try again (comments welcome if you understand the legal stuff better than I do):1/ 
Will a trade deal between Brexit Britain and Trump's America lead to a bonfire of environmental regulations? Here's how it all works, in 3 minutes  
Chris Giles: The UK government has a simple choice —  it can either opt for an honest Brexit or a dishonest Brexit. The reaction to this week's analysis suggests deception is its central Brexit strategy  
The #Brexit billionaire press have been promoting key elements of fascist ideology and practice: rabid nationalism, xenophobia, scapegoating of minorities, anti-intellectualism, the rule of the big lie, & the totalitarian 'Will of the People'.#StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON 
How many more lies about our EEC/EU membership will be forced upon us by our political leaders. The tradition started as far back as 1971 with Ted Heath, Tony Blair proudly carried it on and we are still be lied to in 2018. Brexit will drain the swamp and stop the lies.  
We should all be concerned about the impact on our Whisky industry post brexit. #EU trade deal with S. Korea reduced the tariff on scotch whisky to zero. Whisky imported from elsewhere faces a 20% tariff. So far the Uk Gov have done nothing to calm fears 
The Treasury’s institutional biases - to the short-term and to all risk aversion - will mean its deeply anti #Brexit  
Just imagine! I don’t usually swear ( on here) but GTF. Can you imagine that they tried to jail me as Presiding Officer during the Referendum campaign? Wouldn’t happen, couldn’t happen. Spanish state is a disgrace.  
Let's imagine that Rees Mogg is right and there is indeed a Treasury conspiracy against Brexit. Why would such a conspiracy exist if Brexit itself was in the interests of the economic prosperity of this country? 
EU posting detailed Brexit preparedness noticesIreland has  (including grants for SMEs to understand impact)UK has two page 'open letter' to business saying 'dw nothing will change yet' 
I’ve said it once and I’ll say it again.... we are supremely lucky and privileged to have @NicolaSturgeon at the top looking out for Scotland’s best interests and doing such a fantastic job in here tough times #FMQs #ScotlandHour #scotland #brexit #indyref2 
“Catalonia’s Minister of Education @ClaraPonsati attended a session on the Oct 1 referendum at the European Parliament today. She spoke with victims who suffered police repression who also were at the legislative session in Brussels.”  
Rees-Mogg sparks Westminster storm with 'extraordinary' claims of Treasury Brexit plot       
I get that you're all fed up of us banging on about Brexit & citizen's rights, but the thing is, these rights we're losing, they're desperately important. If politicians don't care about 4million+ of us, in limbo, do you think they'll care about rights important to you? 
I illustrated to prominent #India business leaders in the UK why #Malta is the ideal co-location jurisdiction in a post #Brexit scenario. From pharmaceuticals to #Bollywood productions, the Indian presence in Malta is already strong, but has potential to grow much stronger -JM 
Even a leading remainer thinks the Treasury is trying to hinder Brexit  
Time for @Anna_Soubry to resign her position of MP for @Conservatives she's suggested that Brexit-supporting Tory MPs have mental health issues. An insult and  offensive to people with real mental health issues. Hope to see action taken against this vile woman. 
The SNP have the temerity to complain that Theresa May keeps them in the dark about Brexit and they come out with this?You couldn't make it up. 
Behold the Nolan Principles:The authors of the Brexit impact studies must work in accordance with these principlesThey have a duty to act solely in the public interestNow ask, is there any evidence of the Tory front bench acting in accordance with any of these principles?  
FT’s Chris Giles on why Brexit minister Steve Baker ( he’s mean to be bright) trashing Whitehall’s economic analysis is like sawing his own dick off with a rusty blade (though Giles doesn’t put it quite like that )   
Jacob Rees Mogg - Pants On Fire: did he conspire with @SteveBakerHW to mislead the Commons with a rigged Question? #Brexit  
*Evidence* said the Earth orbits the sun. *Evidence* showed that the continents drift. Study of *evidence* gave rise to the scientific advances that enabled people to fly.The EVIDENCE is that Brexit is and will be a disaster.Embrace the evidence. Embrace facts. Embrace reality.  
A point about the enforcement of the Brexit withdrawal agreement - the independent authority involved with protection of EU27 citizens in the UK needs guaranteed independence, effective powers and resources. Also EU Commission should be bound re UK citizens' rights in EU27.  
No, I don't think Theresa may has been "captured" by the Brexit mob. I think it's more likely that she "is" a boiling racist. 
We just got a 'serious media query' from @thejournal_ie questioning our use of the word 'baby' to describe preborn children in our billboards. We kid you not. This is 'journalism' in Ireland for the referendum. As if anyone is pregnant with anything but a baby.  #SaveThe8th 
The Tories are once again in turmoil as open warfare breaks out over Brexit - can Theresa May survive?  
#Brexit: Historians will scratch their heads in wonder. These are truly extraordinary times. Britain is upending the economic and foreign policies that have set its national course for half a century. Nothing in modern peacetime matches the upheaval. 
Charles Grant DID Say "Emboldened" Treasury Pushing Government Towards Softer Brexit:  
Jeremy’s office just fine - so long as it does the right thing & gives the British people the final say on the Farage/May Brexit disaster!  
PM @theresa_may has indicated she will fight a proposal to give residency rights to EU citizens during the transition period after Brexit.She said there had to be a difference between those arriving after the UK leaves and those who came before.  
Mike Russell tells UK Government: 'If you send Brexit analysis to us we will make it public'  
Ahem. @LiamFox. the Chinese are saying that Brexit is the end of a golden age of UK/China trade and we are doing great deals with them as part of the EU. Time to bin Brexit. #FBPE #Remain 
SHAMEFUL: May's move to restrict new EU migrants after Brexit is long planned / #EU #Brexit #EUCitizens 
.@Jacob_Rees_Mogg asked Brexit Minister @SteveBakerHW whether he had been told Treasury officials are using specific economic modelling to try influence Brexit policy  
For those who think Rajasthan represents a win for liberal politics, a reminder:1. This was no referendum on lynchings. In Alwar, Congress choose not to raise it at all.2. Rajputs voted for Congress in large numbers because they thought BJP had NOT done enough to stop Padmavaat 
Summary:1. Theresa May’s vision of a global Britain is just a Brexit fantasy.2. As Our Experts keep telling us, Britain can't survive outside Our EU.3. In exactly the same way - as Our Experts also told us - that Britain couldn't survive outside Our Euro.4. That's all, folks!  
Hey @republic @TimesNow @ZeeNews even if you don't want to consider #RajasthanBypolls a referendum on Modi, surely #Alwar result is a referendum on the #PehluKhan lynching, and the state's result is a referendum on Gau gundagardi and hate mongering on BJP's watch? 
Who was one of the biggest donors to the Leave campaign? And who subsequently made £220 million in the space of a few hours after the #Brexit result? Find out here:  #BrexitBadBoys 
What do the EU and the Civil Service have in common? - Both are being used as scapegoats for the failings of British governments.Do not be fooled by the #BREXIT elites. 
Scotland's Brexit secretary says he will release the UK government's controversial briefing paper if he is given it   
'Why are we surprised?' IDS rips into gloomy Brexit 'bogus reports' from Treasury & EU  
UK 2015:Get concessions from EU and Remain.                         orNot get concessions from EU and Leave. UK 2016:We got concessions. What came next? A Referendum?UK 2017: I think we got something wrong. UK 2018: Anyone for a Referendum? 
Scotland's #Brexit minister has vowed to publish a UK paper on the impact of leaving the European Union if he is given a copy. 
MUST-WATCH: Liam Fox has today admitted that a UK-China Trade deal is not happening anytime soon - despite the huge promises hard Brexiters have made about post-Brexit trade deals.Please RT so everybody knows the real facts:  
Have to heard about #LorryGate ?The #Brexit bombshell for the British haulage industry that could put thousands of British drivers out of work!Please read and share the attached thread. #StopBrexitSaveBritain #BrexitShambles#FBPE #StopBrexit 
Good news that @scotgov will support EU students coming to study in Scotland for 2019-20 #Brexit #scotlandwelcomestheworld 
#CustomsUnion or #SingleMarket ? Comprehensive Trade Agreement,  MRA, MFN, NTB? See my easy-to-read guide to the jargon & acronyms that confuse us all when talking #trade, #brexit, #Deals  or lack of them: 
Universities and students desperately want to keep access to ERASMUS+ scheme. Sadly, Brexit redlines probably mean we need to duplicate it unilaterally, increasing cost and bureaucracy.  
So it's pretty clear that @SteveBakerHW misled Parliament today in order to unfairly malign the hard-working professionals of the civil service, rather than admit that his vision of Brexit will be an economic disaster. Will he be called back to apologise? 
British expats who voted for Brexit should be deported back to the UK to enjoy the results of their vote. 
Desperate #Brexit ideologues casting around for someone - anyone- to blame for the mess they themselves are making...Brexit minister Steve Baker says civil servants may be conspiring against the government  
"Ministers have a choice - can opt for an honest Brexit in which they argue in public that people should pay an economic price for their policies Or can opt for a dishonest Brexit, pretending they have a secret plan for economic nirvana & trashing their own internal evidence" yes  
This is dreadful for Merseyside & suppliers across the UK - Merseyside was transformed by EU investment & now this result of #Brexit from @JLR_News @meaglemp @CllrNickSmall @mayor_anderson @MetroMayorSteve 
Warning of 'utter chaos' if May ends EU free movement next March.Brexit is madness. Time to #StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
I've just tabled @CarolineLucas Animal Sentience Amendment to the #EUWithdrawalBill. It only lost by 12 votes in the Commons. I'm expecting House of Lords will put up a tough fight for EU protections for animals to ensure a Green #Brexit 
The colonel in charge of Spanish police forces beating up voters on the Oct 1 referendum, is also the brother of the until recent chair of the Constitutional Court (former member of and connected to the PP). Spain is full of coincidences.  
Jacob Rees-Mogg is furious at leaked Brexit Impact Assessments. In order to taint the content,he asked a question in Parliament about a rumour that the civil service doctored results. It was a complete falsehood aimed at introducing doubt in the report #BrexitShambles #StopBrexit 
Brexit minister Steve Baker's week is going from bad to worse. PM urged to consider whether he's fit to be in government after he suggested civil servants were cooking the figures to stop Brexit via @elashto 
The second reason is to provide a series of scapegoats for when a) Brexit goes wrong (er) and b) when they do not get what they want. 22/ 
C'mon @jeremycorbyn, @UKLabour can't be the party of the NHS and a party to Brexit! #remainforthemany and fund our NHS instead! 
Why would they do this? 2 reasons. Firstly to undermine objectivity and truth in politics. The entire Brexit-Ultra case relies upon a denial of reason and evidence, in favour of ideological fantasy. 20/ 
The reports in the @guardian about leaked EU expectations ahead of #Brexit negotiations proves that the #Brexiters’ mantra that the UK will get a great deal because the Germans want to sell us BMWs and the Italians prosecco is a lie.  #FBPE 
Civil service union calls for Theresa May to consider sacking Steve Baker after the Brexit minister undermined staff in his department. Full quotes here:  
And this is what the Brexit Ultras are trying to do. They are trying to cow civil servants into submitting to becoming yes-men and women, giving only the advice the Minister wants to hear 17/ 
Dear #FBPE DON’T YOU DARE BLAME CORBYN!Jeremy Corbyn campaigned tirelessly for Remain & Reform. If media hadn’t suppressed his speeches & rallies, referendum result might have been different. In GE they had to show more of him & look what happened!#PCPEU 
Dear @republic , when #Amethi Municipal bypoll happened, you called me for a debate and your anchor told me 20 times that this is a referendum on Rahul Gandhi. I am waiting for your call for a debate today on #RajasthanByPolls as a referendum on Mr. Modi. Would you?  
The lasting impression of the session was of a government department making it up as it went along. Brexit. The race to the bottom. With every man – and solitary woman – for themselves.  
Friends! It's time to ban referendums (they're literally Fascist)!But, obviously, not quite yet!We must first ensure that Our Second Referendum is held to overturn Brexit!As well as, of course, any subsequent referendums which may be necessary to obtain the correct result.  
Packed hearing for @EP_Justice @EP_Petitions hearing on citizens’ rights after Brexit. Listening to @BritishInEurope @The3Million @NewEuropeans on the direct impact to people’s lives 
Mrs May now says she is a believer in brexit. Good to hear it & absolute proof of how decent, warranted & justified pressure can work. Now all she need do is kick Junker in the balls & tell him his insults of our country have been noted & we're off. If he wants a deal contact us 
Talking to a Brit couple in a portuguese bar this morning, who own a Villa. They voted #Brexit for two reasons. 1) immigrants from Eastern Europe come to the UK to claim the dole, not to work. 2) To stop all the immigrants from Turkey coming, after they join the EU.I gave up ! 
Mr. Nationalist voted for Brexit. He has seen unemployment fall, wages rise, exports rise, GDP still growing, manufacturing at 4 year highs, the FTSE 100 at record levels, and the £ going back up. That's why he is happy. Some dour folk call him a Nazi, but he quietly ignores them  
We need to understand that BBC bias is more than just bias, its an attempt by an unelected bunch of leftards to overthrow brexit and to put Britain down at every opportunity. How long must decent people put up with this shit ? The BBC is political, politically correct & evil ! 
WATCH | After peddling the usual lies about Brexit, obnoxious #bbcdp guest @sikorskiradek boasted about having a million followers on Twitter... Who's the one using Twitter bots here, Radosław Sikorski?  
London Mayor Sadiq Khan said, all people keeping coming into the UK up until Brexit shoul be given citizenship. This man given his way woul have half the Middle East here, he has blinkers on and does not want to see the state of the country. MR Khan we are full now we are leaving 
Brexit: Theresa May to fight EU transition residency plan - BBC News this sums up why the country is in trouble.  PM seeks to appease the populist right at the expense of Britain's reputation abroad, our success at home and our duty to be decent.  
Andrew Bridgen has been calling for a "Naming and Shaming" of economists involved in modelling the effects of Brexit, and claims that @hmtreasury will not give names because they work for the Treasury 5/ 
Four months ago 2,3 million Catalans voted in a self-determination referendum despite Spanish police violence. It was a huge milestone. Dignity and courage of so many will never be forgotten. It will probably take years to materialize but the republic was born that day.  
Alex Salmond famously stated that “Scotland wasn’t oppressed by the UK”. However, the leaked Brexit impact report now provides the evidence that a group of British Nationalists in the UK Government are acting to economically oppress Scotland.  
Former Ecuadorean President Rafael Correa who campaigned against a referendum that could make it impossible for him to seek re-election, was unable to leave radiostation for almost 3 hours due to protesters.#EcuadorDiceNO@JulianAssange@MashiRafael 
What Theresa May "believes" is irrelevant. Brexit is about facts, realities, and cold hard truths  
Rees-Mogg'Treasury Officials deliberately developed a model to show all options other than staying in customs union were bad & intended to influence policy'“Mr Speaker, I am sorry to say my honourable friend’s account is essentially correct"#Brexit #EU 
There is a concerted and apparently coordinated campaign underway by Brexit Ultras to discredit the Civil Service. Thread on why this is very wrong, and why they are doing it. 1/(I know I've been harping on about this, but it's important) 
Britain’s economy will GROW by 4 percent post-Brexit - Patrick Minford  
I wanted to tell a story about LGBT history, for LGBT history month. Three years ago I was in Dublin, reporting on the same-sex marriage referendum. On the night of the result, I was outside a gay bar interviewing people and got chatting to an Irish guy in his 60s... 1/ 
Commit a crime here and flee to another member state and the European Arrest Warrant meant you'll be brought to justice. But after Brexit? Who knows.  
Dutch Government issues 105 page report urging trading businesses to prepare an impact assessment for changes to customs post-Brexit  
The EU is terrified that the UK will become more competitive than the bloc post-Brexit, which wouldn't be, y'know difficult  
Bu it's a hollow victory, Kier, so long as you still support Brexit  
But on the other side of the coin, if @UKLabour continues to support #Brexit I will not be able to support them. Particularly when my own Labour MP, Rosie Duffield, refuses even to support our membership of the Single Market/Customs Union #Canterbury 
Green victory as Commission follows our suggestion to require highest tax standards as part of any future trade deal with Brexit Britain:  
My attempt to bring some hard-edged science to the question of what Britain did in fact vote for in the one-question Brexit quiz.  
We reveal the far-right ideologues, climate change deniers, tax-dodging foreign billionaires and voter manipulation specialists who funded and facilitated #Brexit. Please RT so everyone knows  #BrexitBadBoys 
Very important thread by Sam Coates on the Road Haulage Bill & the chaos of Whitehall’s Brexit planning. The road haulage industry - and food in shops - could be in jeopardy in 13 months time!  
The insider corruption is getting revealed. Rees-Mogg forces minister into EXTRAORDINARY revelation on Treasury plot to DESTROY Brexit  
Adonis SAVAGED by Hartley-Brewer for hisattempts to THWART Brexit, who adds "We made our choice! Is it just possible that maybe, for the majority of the people in this country, is not all about money? Maybe there are other things that matter?"  
#FMQs Indeed, the Scottish Government published its #Brexit analysis... The secret UK Government was leaked... Not a single apology from the Tories... (and not a single interview with Ruth Davidson about this issue btw) 
 Preparing for the UK’s withdrawal is not just a matter for the EU and national authorities but also for private parties. The list of our #Brexit preparedness notices is available here →  
Anyone else now see it is all falling apart?Still think #Brexit is a good move for the UK? If so, I'd love to understand why, cos I can't see it! @LeaveEUOfficial @GetBritainOut @TheSun @Telegraph @UKLabour @jeremycorbyn @PeoplesMomentum @Conservatives @BorisJohnson @W_A_T_O_N 
Do you know what? I bet there is a gilt edged moron, somewhere in the UK, Who has tried to name their child 'Brexit' 
WATCH: Lord Cavendish of Furness  proudly defends Brexit against the attacks of Remoaner Peers  
Representatives from @The3million and @BritishInEurope are today in the European Parliament in Brussels. The joint hearing on #citizensrights after #Brexit will be live streamed at 14H00 CET on the @ALDEgroup Facebook page  
Rees-Mogg has told MPs that Charles Grant, director of the Centre for European Reform, said he had been told Treasury civil servants were determined to produce modelling showing that the UK would be worse off under all Brexit scenarios if it left the EU.  
All the economic forecasts were wrong on Brexit, Britain's Brexit minister says  
Perfumer & business owner here. Employ British people & my business partner is British. Create fragrances for British (and international) brands. I love this country and its people but they broke my heart. Have been grieving since the referendum night. 
Absolutely extraordinary to see David Davis wince as his junior minister Steve Baker confirms he has heard a rumour that the civil service is trying to sabotage Brexit.  
We are not just in Brussels today. @NicolasHatton was in Edinburgh to meet Scottish minister @alasdairallan for a frank conversation on the Brexit negotiations, citizens' rights, EU citizens in Scotland and the In Limbo book 1/3  
BACK HIMThe Government is exactly the right place for a man who publicly urges his Prime Minister to U-turn over Brexit. As a Minister to take civil servants’ “impact assessment” papers for evidence instead of worthless rhetoric by the Quitterati. Time to pack your bags Mrs May  
 Here's a few of the principles Ruth Davidson has abandoned on Brexit. #FMQs 
The only guide you need for why people voted Leave or Remain for #Brexit  
So the tiny Municipal #Bypoll in Amethi was a referendum on @OfficeOfRG but the loss in #RajasthanByPolls esp Ajmer and Alwar (won with huge margin in 2014) is not a referendum on @narendramodi ! Waaah Re Bhakt Channel Waalo, Kuchh toh sharam karo! 
More evidence Brexit Britain is modelled on *1984* & black is white: Tory Chief Whip disciplined @DrPhillipLeeMP for doing his job by stating Gov't decisions must be based on evidence, acting on UK’s best interests, not ideology & populism. It's in the Ministerial Code, Mrs May. 
Here's David Davis literally wincing when Steve Baker suggested the civil service might be trying to sabotage Brexit  
I thought I was ill today.Then I read this and now I really feel physically sick. This government will and is using the referendum result to justify turning this most diverse and welcoming country into A hard callous rightwingers wet dream.#StopBrexitSaveBritain#FBPE#WATON 
My msg is quite simple:1. WTO cliff edge=No Deal=disaster=Irish Border2. NoWay Norway=Pay & Obey No Say ongoing to avoid Irish Border so STAY+SAY3. Tory + Labour=No SM/CU/ECJ, No #FinalSay = #Brexit4. Brexit=Poorer + Weaker + Less Control - Rights5. #FinalSay #StopBrexit 
How have we lost our sovereignty if we're able to simply walk away now?You voted Brexit so we can enter new trading agreements. Agreements are contracts. Contracts are obligations. Will we no longer be sovereign then? No. Because we undertook these commitments voluntarily. 
As a local MP I cannot adequately represent the local small businesses in Leigh if I am not given the information that informs me of the impact each Brexit scenario will have. That is why @UKLabour & @Keir_Starmer called for release of these assessments 
We have lost our collective minds.Brexit cannot be the start of any brave new world when it is an exercise in ‘mendacity, chaos and division.’ This is spot on from @philipstephens 
Always liked Rees-Mogg but thought of him as a throwback comedy character...however hearing him on Brexit he's razor sharp and will be a fine leader #MoggMentum 
'The PM is absolutely right to insist that those who arrive after Brexit should no longer acquire the automatic right to permanent residence'. Our press comment:  
A brilliant, detailed examination of what no-deal means for the haulage industry (it will be all but wiped out) and the bizarre brexit politics of why it turns out to be impossible to ameliorate the effects of no deal.Just astonishingly, shamefully incompetent. Disaster awaits.  
I'm more than happy to put my trust in a public #people'svote to consider all #Brexit options  
#Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier privately told Nigel Farage: 'You must understand that your actions have consequences'...Shortly after Farage announced a 2nd ref might be a good idea. Join the dots.   
My question to Brexit Ministers this morning on environmental rights and protections and the urgent need for an ambitious new environment bill >>>  
An extraordinary assault on @PhilipHammondUK and the impartiality of the civil service here - clearly choreographed by hard Brexiteers @Jacob_Rees_Mogg & @SteveBakerHW . Watch how @DavidDavisMP winces at what they’re up to. #wheelscomingoff #Brexit  
Brexit Britain’s nervous breakdown‘Britain was once a sturdy, stable democracy. Anger and acrimony are the new normal, as likely to elicit a weary shrug as incredulity.’‘The humiliation is excruciating’Tragic, insightful piece by Philip Stephens @ft 
Last night, Roger Stone said that he'd only met @Nigel_Farage once. In Cleveland. He'd wanted to meet Trump. And Stone arranged it. BUT this entirely contradicts the Bad Boys of Brexit narrative from @Arron_banks & @andywigmore. 
BBC News - End obsession with Europe, Liam Fox urges . This is so rich coming from the man who has fought to get Britain out of Europe for most of his political career. Total hypocrite.Stop Brexit.#FBPE 
WATCH | Fox admits "we can’t negotiate never mind sign any agreements while we’re still in the EU - that’s likely to be extended if we have an implementation period"What is he smirking about? May is sabotaging Brexit and walking all over him!Read more:  
Thought experimentIf Herod had a 51.9% vote for the Massacre of the Innocents, would it have been an incontestable mandate? What if Brexit, in May's head, requires compulsory vasectomies for all red heads?Where are the boundaries?  When do we step up to find and defend them? 
The Leaked Brexit Analysis Shows How Cutting EU Immigration Will Hit The British Economy  via @albertonardelli 
If @UKLabour came out for #Remain I would campaign for them 24hrs a day 7 days a week. Defeating #Brexit is more important than any policy differences I might have. If they also committed to #PR I would campaign even harder for them. @Labour4EU 
The Prime Minister is right to argue that the UK must be able to take back control of its borders on Brexit day, and not wait until the end of the implementation period  
Tell this @HCNicHailey fellow to shut up. We don’t discuss Brexit. Puga!  
The #PanamaPapers & #ParadisePapers revealed the links between many #BrexitBadBoys and #tax avoidance. Small wonder they championed #Brexit at a time when the EU is making strides to improve laws to counter money-laundering and tax dodging.  
Peter Bone:'Great News!We’re only 422 days away from Leaving this terrible #EUOn immigration, obviously Project Fear mark II.We had Project Fear before referendum.British public listened to all the arguments & they decided to vote to Leave.'#Brexit 
Supreme Court is to refer questions relating to the extradition of an Irish man to the UK, to the European Court of Justice. Thomas Joseph O'Connor wants to challenge decision to extradite him, on basis of UK decision to leave the EU. #brexit @rtenews 
Leaked government documents indicating that Brexit in any form will be negative for the UK economy are to be published.Watch @PGMcNamara's full report here: 
The second panel of the conference, chaired by MEP @ivajgl, focuses on the legality of the referendum and the protection of human rights. @Anais_Franquesa of @centre_IRIDIA and Jessica Simor QC (@JMPSimor) bring facts and clarification on the Catalan referendum.#catalancase1O 
Freedom of movement and immigration are good for the economy. It’s time for the benefits of immigration to be promoted rather than allowing the immigration sceptics to own the debate. #Brexit #immigration 
John Redwood: State of the Union: Mr Trump’s addressUSA is:“Home to an incredible people with the revolutionary idea that they could rule themselves. That they could chart their own destiny. And that, together, they could light up the world”#Brexit #EU 
brexit catchup:UK: we're sick of following EU rules so we're going to leaveEU: you can leave but you're definitely going to still follow the rules or we won't trade with youUK: sppphghhg. guurghhhghr. brghghghgh (cont. indefinitely) 
This is absolutely devastating...the truth about Brexit coming out and it is exactly as bad as Remainers have been saying.  
Not sure the pre-referendum @UKCivilService “evidence” projecting immediate recession and hikes in unemployment after a vote for Brexit could be described as “great work” - glad the public ignored it!  
The #BrexitReports the government is hiding show that every type of Brexit leaves every region of the   UK  worse off. They are a nail in the coffin of the Brexit vanity project. #FBPE #FinalSay #releasethedocuments 
I wondered why when I was protesting outside House of Lords so many international trucks were tooting horms to support stopping Brexit. I thought it was just that it was because they are aware of customs and excise delays when they come and go within EU. But this makes sense. 
Any ill consequences that result from Brexit would be a combination of poor leadership of the British government acceding to unfavourable terms set by the EU. #Sovereign 
This is an extraordinarily moving piece of journalism. Read it and tell me you'd rather see money go to David Davis's Brexit department rather than foreign aid.  
#Brexit robs ordinary people of the Right to Freedom of Movement. It won't affect the rich. In fact by robbing us it will increase their privilege relative to the rest of us. And Corbyn supports this. Some socialist!#StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE #WATON 
Not sure why Parliament will need seven years to get ready for moving out for restoration but Government thinks we can do Brexit in two years. Probably due to shortage of Polish builders after Brexit 
It is unfortunate that @UKLabour have been crowing over the leaked report that says immigration has been good for our economy and that #brexit restrictions will harm it.Has someone asked #Corbyn & #ODonnell if this has modified THEIR opinion that EU migration harms UK jobs ??? 
David Davis confirms to MPs he knew about the Brexit impact modelling in early December - despite his DexEU deputy Steve Baker trashing it on Monday.  
Liam Fox has cast doubt on whether UK will have China deal after Brexit, even though signing them was a key reason for leaving the EU  
Tories: "No deal for EU citizens coming to UK during Brexit transition."The EU: "That's not what was agreed."Tories: "Oh yes, that's right - sorry about that"#BrexitShambles 
An endoscope stuck straight into the bowels of Government's Brexit 'planning' - and precisely why everyone should follow @SamCoatesTimes. 
Brexit doublethink: DD says we can agree transition by March due to alignment between EU-UK position, seconds after confirming he'll pick fight on FoM. 
Remember, that as we all learn more about what Brexit involves & costs (eg. China deal, impact studies)... it's vital that the public retain the right to pull the plug on the whole thing if they suddenly decide they don't like where it's going: 
"Nicola Sturgeon has the advantage of time. She knows that the prospects for Brexit are not going to get any better." | On your marks!  #Referendum2018 
Oh, and a quick reminder from my excellent colleague @GraemePaton that the haulier bill is not the only thing going wrong with the DfT’s post Brexit planning  
There are problems with Brexit in Whitehall. Here’s a small tale of government indecision, prevarication and “no deal” neurosis with big implications. 2 qs:1. Have you heard of the Road Haulage and truckers bill2. Until you do: Is “no deal” planning **really** happening 
If the reality instead is going to be all pain and no gain, then everyone has the right to keep an open mind about whether Brexit really is the right path for our country. 4/ 
David Davis in the Commons again on Brexit, Liam Fox telling us no trade deals, and that BREXITIERS have got some disappointments to lookk forward too. What are these clowns doing, getting knowhere fast, its time to get JACOB Rees Mogg and his team in and change direction obvious 
‘No prospect’ of Brexit Bill consent until UK starts listening to Scotland.  
THREAD: It’s just another day in which another Brexit promise disappears in a puff of smoke. 1/  
Unfortunately Ken Clarke did not join our outsourcing conversation as ended up on Brexit segment @BBCNewsnight. Brexit itself being outsourced to Big 4 consultants. And surprise surprise one of them (@KPMG) gave a green light to both Carillion and Capita. When will scam stop? 
To be clear @Daily_Express I have not called for a 2nd referendum. The people have a right to #Brexit facts and a final say 
Why shouldn’t the #UK get a bespoke #Brexit deal?We are the No1 export market for German manufactured goods & for French agriculture. They want free access too.No comparison with Norway (4m population) or Canada (36m) - we are ~70m and large economy. 
Global money men, small-state regulation burners  and people with highly questionable Russian connections We expose The Bad Boys of Brexit who bankrolled and facilitated it – and in some cases, stood to make massive personal profits from it  pic.twitter.com/vE79yCAd9L 
Hard Brexiter & new Minister Suella Fernandes doesn't seem to know that UK car production is down for the first time since 2009 and investment down by over £500 million in last year. #Brexit, and announcing we are coming out of the Customs Union, is already hurting this industry. 
We wanted an end to freedom of movement and now we might not be able to leave the fucking country. ANOTHER VICTORY FOR BREXIT! LET'S WATCH THE REMOANERS TRY AND SPIN THIS ONE  
Today’s revelation that air travelers face losing their right to compensation on cancelled flights after Brexit is potentially much more impactful than going on about macro economic ruin. Exploit it 
A victim of the Oct 1st 2017 Catalan referendum speaking in the European Parliament Brussels.He was shot in the eye & blind by a plastic bullet fired by Spain’s insane Civil Guard who fired indiscriminately into crowds of dignified peaceful Catalans who simply wanted to vote.  
George Osborne has said the "sums don't stack up" for severing economic ties with the EU and urged Theresa May to ditch her Brexit plans  
This is true.The only thing that can be properly called "negotiations" in the whole of Brexit are between May and the Brexiteers, and not between UK and EU.  
The @LibDems will be backing the @the75percent the voice of the ignored majority of young people on Brexit #the75percent 
On a day where the big news was the leak of Brexit Assessments and how EVERY scenario is a disaster for UK,the Daily Mail totally ignored the story.Not even a rebuttal. It didn't fit into the 'Leave' narrative, didn't want to give it oxygen. UK deserves better! #DitchTheDailyMail 
If you haven't checked this out yet do it!  A new website from @mollymep to expose the unholy alliance of men who brought you #Brexit.#BrexitBadBoys 
At least now we have a shortcut to understanding Brexit soundbites. Simply replace the word “immigration” with “prosperity”.“We need to reduce prosperity”“Britain can’t handle mass prosperity” pic.twitter.com/Ec4MkPyqhz 
How angry am I today about May announcement? There are no words... I am beyond words ANGRY. Been living & working in Spain 22 years. Already apologetic daily about UK Brexit hostility offensive & now this. Only working P/T now to spend more time campaigning with @BremainInSpain 
You'll be shocked to hear that Mike Russell is giving evidence to a Holyrood committee about Brexit. I genuinely think he's spent more time giving evidence to committees about Brexit in the past 18 months than I've spent sleeping. 
Brexoffenders are conditioned to see immigrants as benefits cheats.I see:ScientistsDoctorsNursesHotel staffShop keepersHand car washersFruit pickersCleanersNeighboursFriendsetc, etcYou know, the people who make our country work and contribute to our taxesFuck Brexit 
I met with some retailers yesterday who explained Brexit with WTO rules would damage their sales. So I said, well, we better stop it then hadn't we?  
Tightening up Britain’s immigration system after Brexit would cause more economic damage than could be balanced out by any trade gains  
How can brexit be a good idea when it's own supporters are having to take action to deal with the downsides ?#StopBrexit@LoubinWally @spaceangel1964 @dontbrexitfixit @MarieAnnUK @BritsfortheEU @fish_in_a_hat @AlisonKMurray 
"let's just say the Brexit deal is progress...TOWARDS A UNITED IRELAND!"  
May’s comments about Freedom of Movement during transition *directly* contradict this (page 2).Joined up government, eh? #brexit  
With are ever more revelations about the lies & duplicity surrounding the #EUref and the Government's conduct in the 19mths since, I become angrier & even less reconciled to #Brexit. Feel the same?#NevvaGonnaGiveEUup Meme & Twitter storm tonight 6-8pm UK-time.Demand #FinalSay! 
Project fear DESTROYED: Britain's economy will GROW by 4 percent post-Brexit - Economist -  #lbc @lbc @talkradio #talkradio 
What an hero @DrPhillipLeeMP is. We know Parliament is packed with people who agree with him that Brexit must be led by "evidence not dogma." But he has the courage to say so. Want to know what putting the country's interests before your own looks like? It's Phillip Lee. 
Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier privately told Nigel Farage: 'You must understand that your actions have consequences'  
Blimey. Pretty much everything here is a bull’s eye. In one short op, Britain’s rabbit-in-headlights crisis laid bare. Read and digest. Brexit Britain’s nervous breakdown  
Missed that on the referendum ballot paper,must have been on the bit that said leave the customs union and single market.Damm.Should have LOOKED harder 
Ruth Davidson and her ScotTories have got away without any questioning whatsoever over Brexit impact leak from #bbcgms. 
Tonight at 6pm we welcome @acgrayling to Cambridge to speak on how we can stop #Brexit.  Last few tickets left at  Join us and let's #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Everyone is against Brexit, says @philipstephens. Except, he adds, voters, the Prime Minister, the Cabinet and the opposition 
Remember, folks - the Maybot isn’t talking to you when she makes these clownish assertions designed to make her look determined.Nor is she addressing the EU.The Maybot is exclusively focused on managing the Brexit Taliban on her own benches 
Once more, a very fruitful exchange with @europarl_EN Conference of Committee Chairs, with @CeciliaWikstrom and @GuyVerhofstadt. Working hand in hand with #EP to set #EU principles for transition and future relations and to prepare for consequences of #Brexit  
Until they start to listen to us, There can be no common consensus on the final brexit bill. That should be our starter for ten at least.‘No prospect’ of Brexit Bill consent until UK starts listening to Scotland  
look at Theresa May’s record on Brexit. She voted remain,delayed article 50 for months,appointed a big remain majority in theCabinet,agreed a £39bn brexit bill when we owe nothing & is plotting a transition period to trap us in the EU. May is not on the UK’s side & will never be  
A referendum on BJP raj in Rajasthan, @INCIndia wins all 3 seats #RajasthanByPolls 
Imagine being born in Northern Ireland, growing up there during the, 70's,  80's & working in Stormont throughout the 90's & seeing someone, who's probably never set foot there, make up falsehoods to use NI as an excuse to stop Brexit?  
#r4today FFS  George Osborne out doing the rounds,  anyone believe anything he says !!!  Leader of project fear in the EU referendum. Everything he said hasn’t come true talks nonsense non stop Go away you idiot.    
Brexit is a distraction from the important discussions we need to be focusing on around the NHS and Education. 
Should UK keep EU existing rules on freedom of movement - including the path to permanent residency - until the end of the transition phase of 31 December 2020? #Brexit: Theresa May to fight EU transition residency plan RETWEET & VOTE  #yourvoicematters 
Britain’s Brexit breakdown is also helped by the conspiracy of silence among business, politicians and even civil society that are not speaking the truth about what Brexit will really mean.Good piece Brexit Britain’s nervous breakdown  via @financialtimes 
Whitehall’s leaked Brexit forecasts are clearly based on outdated trade models, says Professor Patrick Minford  
If we don't, as Theresa May says, stop Freedom of Movement during this Brexit transition period, the EU will hand passports out to asylum seekers en masse to let them come to UK.What could stop that, were we to cave? 
All rights of citizens must be guaranteed post-Brexit! #No1priority @MichelBarnier @guyverhofstadt @The3Million @BritishInEurope Today’s hearing livestreamed here   
In the budget there is step motherly treatment with people of Delhi and other non BJP States. If this is called a visionary budget then god save the nation. By the way there is already a referendum against Modi government in today's bypoll results! BJP has got 0 out of 5 seats. 
All not well in Scottish Labour LABOUR MP Ian Murray has launched an attack on Jeremy Corbyn and Richard Leonard saying the leaked UK Government economic assessments about the effects of leaving the EU prove Labour’s “jobs first Brexit” is impossible. lab will ignore Murray! 
German children are asked to reflect on what happened in the past daily at school to avoid it from happening again. This is a mature approach. What I read on the DT is a puerile and dangerous attitude. No country is immune from mistakes. Brexit is a clear example. 
Friends! Pure racism!Examples include:"Self-government for Britain isn't an entirely ignoble aim!" "I don't completely trust Juncker!" "Am not altogether sure that Germany has the UK's best interests at heart!" "Maybe Brexit won't be so bad!"Talk about Hate Speech!  
Post Brexit trade deals would be "the easiest thing in human history" Liam Fox told us last year...... "the easiest thing in human history......" 
We already knew that potential gains from a UK-US trade deal are small. See UK 2013 study. Even when assuming that reducing barriers to trade with the US doesn't increase them with the EU (unlike with Brexit), the most ambitious estimate is +0.35%. 
Am I the only Brit embarrassed by this headline? After years of working with German MEPs I've never seen anything but contrition & soul searching by Germany's very competent political class. Does Brexit really mean returning to this type of dad's army thinking? Sincerely hope not  
UK would be £7,000,000,000 a year BETTER off with WTO tariffs.So let's just walk away now and end all this mind numbing #Brexit chatter.  
How does the UK create an outcome from the Brexit process that stops the UK economy from crashing?? Stay in the EU - make it a better EU. A second referendum or a parliamentary vote that stops Brexit and allows us to pick up the pieces #StopBrexit #r4today 
Wherever you sit on the Brexit spectrum (or on pretty much every issue for that matter), the idea a government shouldn’t look at evidence, or the notion of “approved evidence” is really bizarre  
. @Anna_Soubry doing what Corbyn has completely failed to do - tearing into the lies, chicanery and madness of #Brexit and calling for a #FinalSay Referendum. #CorbynOut #StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON 
Letter of the day on #Brexit from the ex boss of Shell @FT #Boris 
We’d do well to remember that it’s the UK govt that wants a post-brexit transition period and the EU is saying “OK, provided you follow the same rules as the rest of us during that period”#BrexitReality #Brexit #BrexitShambles 
“The only thing we know for certain about a Labour Brexit is that it would leave us in the worst possible position, taking us back to square one and forcing us to continue making huge payments to the EU” - Steve Baker#TheCorbynCon #Brexit 
Another leak of Whitehall Brexit analysis.  Cost of cutting EU migration would outweigh benefit of any US trade deal. UK has become a nation of lemmings in search of a very high cliff 
Theresa May’s vision of a global Britain is just a Brexit fantasy > some fascinating stats here   
Here's @NadineDorries, the British Sarah Palin, who thinks we should leave the #CustomsUnion because she, personally, can't understand it ...#Brexit #StopBrexit #NadineDorries #Remain #Brexitshambles #EU #FBPE #ABTV #WATON 
SACK HIMThe Government is no place for a man who publicly urges his Prime Minister to U-turn over Brexit. Nor a Minister so credulous as to mistake civil servants’ “impact assessment” papers for “evidence” instead of worthless guesswork. Time to pack your bags, Dr Lee.  
Watching the House of Lords debate #Brexit is like  watching a debate in the House of Commons 20 years ago.The House of Lords is just a expensive retirement home for MPs the voters threw out or retired MPs.The House of Lords allows ex MPs to continue to rule over us. 
Looking forward to speaking in Cambridge today. Brexit & the need for bold social reform ...even George Osborne says Govt must now act boldly on low education standards in the North!  
UK economy will be hit by cutting EU immigration, leaked Brexit report shows.And the cost of falling EU migration would more than wipe out any economic boost of a US trade deal.Brexit is damaging. It was mis-sold. We need to #StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
the leaked Brexit impact report now provides the evidence that a group of unreconstructed British Nationalists in the UK Government are acting to economically oppress Scotland.  
In the end, it’s the xenophobia that’s driving Brexit. May’s announcement - and the apparent popularity of that announcement - is pretty clear. 
Brexit is rubbish. Pass it on.  
With all the #Brexit news over the last few months, are any leave voters thinking"maybe there isn't a bespoke deal after all""maybe the EU doesn't need us more than we need them"Are you thinking maybe I should be a #remainernow ?@RemainerNow Please … 
EU WITHDRAWAL BILL: Large part of Lords debate in last 2 days was on case for a referendum on the Farage/May Brexit deal. Opinion moving in favour, esp on Labour side. Key parliamentary votes in summer and autumn when terrible Brexit deal is apparent. 
“Slightly chilling”? This is scary as hell ... as are many other things to do with Brexit. Meanwhile, both the opposition and many Britons more generally remain stuck in their “keep calm and carry on” mode. It’s incomprehensible to me.  
If these results were a union ballot, we'd be on strike.If they were a Party election, we'd be hailing our new Leader.In a by-election, we'd be celebrating a landslide.On Brexit, the polls reflect our opinion but result in nothing. For the Many, we must have a meaningful say.  
Logical fails with maths are rife in Brexit discussions of trade...  
And that is that. #Brexit #FBPE #BrexitShambles #StopBrexit 
If only there was a way of getting everyone’s views on Brexit. 
HERE'S a thing !I'm trying to work out - just whom exactly is the *Consigliere* (enforcer) behind Theresa May #BrexitIs it :Bernard Jenkins ?Rees Mogg ?Boris Johnson ?Answers on a postcard please ! 
Are the Brexit talks bordering on collapse?   
EU Commission adds four more notices on the effect of "no deal" Brexit -  
Leaked "explosive memo" from Boris Johnson to Theresa May suggests the Tory government has been misleading both the British Public & the EU regarding Irish border arrangements. Labour's @BarryGardiner accuses government of "bad faith" & calls for transparency and honesty. #Brexit  
It is now 20 months since the EU referendumThe EU was absolutely clear before, during & since the referendum that the EU rules were not negotiable and that the EU would protect the Irish border.Are the Brexiteers deaf, stupid or both?  #Newsnight 
Let’s be honest, Jeremy Corbyn’s Brexit position is Keir Starmer’s Brexit position because Keir Starmer is the only functioning brain on the Labour front bench. #SkyPapers 
Watching Scottish media news tonight I was under the impression that #Ryanair was departing Glasgow airport cause Scottish Government hadn't abolished APD. Seemed odd, so within seconds of going on Twitter, I found statement claiming #Brexit was reason.England controls our media 
Leaving aside the substance of the Irish issue, if the EU's tone is seen as bullying, it will boost euroscepticism in the UK. Which will make it harder for May to seek a softer Brexit on Irish border or the future economic relationship  
Ryanair moving from Glasgow to Edinburgh because of Brexit uncertainty and no reduction in APD! Edinburgh staying in Europe and cutting APD then?! #hypocrites 
The money's going on 2018 being the year of the next General Election so get on with it Theresa May, let's have a snap #GE18  then Corbyn can take over as Prime Minister, sort out Brexit, &  we'll be #BackInTimefortea to sort out the country after the Tories crashed the economy 
23/ Here is a screen grab of Mifsud’s Valdai talk dated May 11, 2016. This makes sense, because in the video, he references the upcoming June 2016 BREXIT vote.  
Will @Jacob_Rees_Mogg kindly apologise for parroting this misleading nonsense which is based on deducting the tariff as if it applied to the retail price. #StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
The entire civil service, ALL big business and 97% of academics say Brexit is ruinously stupid.  When is our bizarrely Brexity media, esp @BBCNews going to adequately represent the overwhelming weight of expert opinion and stop giving minority crackpot views benefit of “balance” 
Brexit is increasingly just English ppl aggressively demanding Ireland sorts their shite out for them.  
#EUsupergirl's birthday is on the 29th MarchTHIS ISN'T A COINCIDENCE...IT'S FATE! We're going to "TAKE BACK CONTROL" of 29th March and ensure it becomes #EUsuperheroday and NOT #Brexit day!Help the #EUsuperheroes #Stopbrexit by supporting the protest 
Most Labour party supporters want to STOP BREXIT, apart from the current support for a Customs Union, when are you going to take this on board Jeremy?  
In order to repatriate laws that are devolved, the continuity Bill is not only legal it is essential. If the Bill wasn't in place before Brexit the SP would have no recourse in law to stop WM reserving these Devolved responsibilities under the control of Westminster. 
Carole Malone on #SkyPapers arguing that the EU is trying to break up Britain. Stig Abel, exasperated, is explaining to her that Brexit is a self-inflicted mess. It’s all very  
It feels like we are reaching crunch point on Brexit. Here are a few logical deductions. Feel free to tell me where I am wrong.  
There're other problems with this, apart from arithmetical errors and ignoring Brexit effect on sterling FX rate. One is that it overlooks altogether that the UK derives a considerable income from its share of EU import duties, which will cease unless equivalent duties are levied  
Brexit: bordering on the ridiculous - via the European Commission, we expect to see the fruits of the lack of understanding on Ireland. There is no single Westminster politician who has publicly demonstrated a grasp of the border issues...  #Brexit.  
'The clock is ticking' Barnier SUMMONS David Davis to Brussels for urgent Brexit talks  
Without DD present no meaningful political negotiations can take place, at a time when the Brexit issues are becoming increasingly political as well as technical. Or maybe Michel just feels lonely having to do press conferences all by himself. pic.twitter.com/WkEiglOcYr 
The very serious subject of the Irish border is not best served by having ERG members, like Bernard Jenkin, on #Newsnight.“We don’t want a hard border. If the EU want one that’s up to them.”It doesn’t matter how many times Brexit fantasists repeat this, it is still bullshit. pic.twitter.com/If6jCyP09j 
A busy day ahead tomorrow as the draft legal text of the political agreement between the UK and the EU is published on #Brexit  
Brexit is a massive waste of everyone’s time. Imagine the other stuff government would have focused on. All the other bills passed. The other conversations had.  
Why was @EvanHD so angry with the Irish spokesperson yet so charming to the British MP? It’s the Tories who got us into this mess with Brexit borders. 
Reminder: The Brexit Taliban happily dismiss their government’s own reports that Brexit will impoverish every single region of the UK.  
During the 80's and 90's the @Conservatives sold off Gas, Electricity, Water, Telecoms etc & now they want to sell off the rest of the country including our NHS via #Brexit - They have to be stopped. #StopBrexit #FBPE #FinalSay #FinalSayForAll#StopBrexitSaveOurNHS #WeAreEurope 
I agree. There must never be a hard Irish Border. I voted leave but now that I'm aware of the facts as much as I can be then I would vote to stay in the EU. To leave would be folly. I wish we had a second referendum. 
“Brexit will destabilise the complicated & multi-layered constitutional settlement that underpins the present stability in NI. It would throw all the pieces of the constitutional jigsaw up into the air & no-one could be certain where they will land." Sir John Major 9.6.16  
Tomorrow’s @thetimesIE - newspapers told they would be paid to write about Brexit if they did a good job on Ireland 2040  
FT headline should say:  big investors vying to invest billions in post Brexit Britain  
Sir, you quote the Belfast Agreement as defence. @duponline has been very clear for a long time time that they do not support the GFA and you yourself voted against defending it against Brexit precepts, according to this record.  
Northern Ireland is a tipping point for Brexit. Even my more Brextremist family members have started to say "Whoa. Hold on there old chap. We liked this idea but not enough to screw that whole Ireland thing up again".And that from the least pragmatic Brexiters I know. 
#Brexit Only one option, imo.  Remainers and Soft Brexiteers need to join together and get this craven govt. out.  Park the bus before it reaches the cliff-edge, take a breather, and sort it out together when more sensible, less divisive, heads take control of the steering wheel. 
A Brexit customs union would be welcome, but still wouldn’t secure EMA medicines alignment. 
#newsnight The Commission’s legal draft of the  #brexit agreement reached in December is based on the third “fallback” option re #Ireland -because the UK hasn’t put forward anything forward on how the first or second options could work. Government’s fault, not EU’s ! 
Here’s the Lord Advocate on why the #ContinuityBill IS in the competence of the Scottish Parliament. Moreover it also ensures the Scotland Act of 1998 is not torn up in the process of #brexit. Thank you @scotgov 
Is there any Brexit consequence that is so grave that the Brexit hard nuts would decide to think again?No?Hmmm. I'm beginning to think this has much more to do with dogma than sense. 
Which politicians speak for "the people of Northern Ireland" on #Brexit?  
.@theresa_may is in trouble.Big trouble.The @CONservatives are destroying themselves day by day. Slow and steady wins the race and it’s nearly game over for them. #Brexit #Ireland #CustomsUnion #SingleMarket #TheDUP 
Northern Ireland voted remain. Unionists in NI who voted Remain warned that Brexit could cause problems. The North Remembers.  
Bloke who gave us Black Wednesday and Maastricht (and took the Tories to their worst defeat since 1832) is going to speak on #Brexit tomorrow. Move along, nothing to see here. #JohnMajor 
They key domestic political context for Boris Johnson's leaked remarks about the NI/RoI border is that 81% of Leave voters in England believe that undermining the NI peace process is a price worth paying for Brexit. The irresponsibility runs very deep... 
Here we have a BBC journalist being blatantly biased over #brexit. Why do I pay a licence fee @BBC? 
I knew the Tories' intransigence would be blamed on the EU. The next phase in snowing people into accepting a Hard Brexit. The Scum were at it today as well with their fake list of "bargains" if everything were tariff-free. @J_amesp said he'd heard this was the plan a year ago. 
"Labour called for Mr Johnson - one of the leading Brexiteers in the cabinet - to be dismissed "before he can do any more damage". "This man's ego, and his Brexit at any cost strategy cannot be allowed to jeopardise peace," said shadow Northern Ireland secretary Owen Smith."  
Some see Brexit as an opportunity to break up the Union. There are others who see cutting off Northern Ireland as a clean way to make Brexit easier. But the fact is that an Irish Sea border would breach the Belfast Agreement the EU has pledged to protect.  
So many academics think Brexit was an arbitrary act of envious spite against those in power.They should spend some time trying to work out why patriotism and belief in the national narrative are such obscure and rarified notions in academia.  
They’re coming after our Parliament. Time to put the band back together. #ContinuityBill #ScotRef #SNP #Brexit #torypowergrab #indyref2 #BrexitShambles 
Orchestrated campaign by grandees to derail Brexit  
The best deal with the EU is the one we have now.  Cost of Brexit rising every day. #stopbrexit #Toryshambles @ChukaUmunna @MichelBarnier @Labour4EU @LibDems 
Trinity College students raise the 1000 signatures needed to trigger a referendum to back the boycott of Israel #BDS 
If #Brexit keeps going the way it's heading I suspect that @sinnfeinireland will be painting a new mural honouring Volunteers Nigel Farage and Sammy Wilson. 
Real people. Real jobs. Costs of Brexit now becoming exposed. #FBPE 
"@MichelBarnier also said differences remained over what rights EU citizens coming to the UK during the transition would have."We would like to remind that #citizensrights for @BritishInEurope and us are far from being sorted following #Brexit Phase 1. 
Bottom line: Foreign Sec tells PM: “our task after Brexit will be to stop this border becoming significantly harder, but it will continue to exist - wrong to see the task as maintaining “no border”...- acceptance border could harden as a result of regulatory divergence 3/10 
Johnson joins the ranks of those prepared to put their hard Brexit ideology above the solemn commitment to ‘no hard border’ in Northern Ireland. Parliament must stop them.   
Seeing as Mad Merkel and that Juncker wanker are still playin' hardball.It's time Flash paid 'em a visit and negotiated our Brexit deal in his typically charismatic style.#BlackadderGoesForth 
@NicolaSturgeon's favourite tame QC (sorry @joannaccherry) is hardly an ace in the pack :#SNP lost their recent #Brexit case.Named Persons still a FIASCO:Why should anyone trust this Lord Advocate to get anything right?Illegal SNP Brexit Bill.  
The fact that being in 'the' Customs Union, replicating it for two years, or forming a new one to suit the EU is even being discussed, shows just how much of a sell out Brexit has become. 
“It is up to the Government to ensure it stands by its commitments that the integrity of the United Kingdom, and its own single market, will not be compromised.” - Jim Nicholson MEP #BrexitRead more:  @JNicholsonMEP 
A barrister has taken to social media and has excellently debunked one of the biggest smears against Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn. Namely, that he is somehow chiefly responsible for Brexit.  
THREAD on exclusive leak of hard border letter from Foreign Sec to PM - document is Johnson response to PM asking him to substantiate a claim made at a meeting of her Brexit "war Cabinet" on 7 February, when ministers' talks centred on Northern Ireland and immigration. 1/10  
Keep looking at some truly bizarre takes on Brexit and thinking to myself that, at some point in the last two years, millions of brains have been replaced with sliced cabbage. 
I’m a leave voter and I just want Brexit to stop. It’s so sh-t; the ideologues who argued for it for so long have as little idea of what to do as the opportunists who jumped on the bandwagon to win the referendum. It’s a total mess, I just want it to stop. 
More video what happened today 27th February 2018 as thousands of #IPOB surprise All the Igbo greedy leaders in Enugu demand Referendum because The 100 years amalgamation of the Nigerian State has expired on 30th December 2014, it’s Biafrans right to demand Referendum #FreeBiafra 
There are only two choices, Remain or Leave. Everything else is off the table as far as the EU are concerned. Only Remain offers a prosperous future of the people of Britain. DON'T believe the Brexit lies and fight to #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Ireland.You do not need 1,000,000 3rd world migrants.You need to #DeleteTheEliteSave Ireland.#SaveTheWest#irexit #brexit#EUisTheProblem 
Tomorrow's front page ... Holyrood clash over Scotland's Brexit bill: Measure to block power grab is unveiled on day of drama as top lawyer and Holyrood presiding officer split over bill  
My mam said it was too snowy to drive so obviously I tried to drive. Tokyo-drifted round the block at 3mph while she watched from the window before I shamefully returned home. Pride cometh before the fall, respect your elders, Brexit means Brexit, etc 
Brexit negotiations are on course to be "very bad indeed" for Britain, Peter Mandelson says  
I'm disappointed that so many Remainers have bought into the myth that @jeremycorbyn wants a hard #Brexit - we need to understand that this is another ploy of the right (of both the Labour & Tory parties). Pls spend just 10 minutes to read this & comment:  
Everyone with half a brain cell that isn't blinded by the the Brexit lies that continue to come out of the mouths of the Brexit Lairs knows that Brexit is bad for Britain. Time to save Britain and stop Brexit. #StopBrexit 
Ex-colonies to UK: Forget Brexit 'Empire 2.0'  
It appears from this that, not content with having no clue how to proceed with Brexit Phase II, Boris Johnson advises reneging on commitments made in Phase 1.  
WALK AWAY NOW ... AND GIVE THE EU 30 DAYS TO RECONSIDER THEIR POSITION.#LeaveEU #Leave #NoDeal #Brexit 
Brexit is like simplifying the General Election voting slip to:The current government     Someone else                      And then claiming it would be betraying the electorate to not let JRM, Johnson et al appoint whomsoever they want. 
This is madness. Having grown up when peace in Northern Ireland was far from assured I am appalled that the Foreign Secretary is talking about introducing a hard border as being acceptable in order to justify his hard Brexit fantasy. Reckless, ignorant of history and dangerous.  
So proud to join the @isitworthitbus in Southampton and Portsmouth today, giving a speech explaining why islanders voted #Brexit and why many are questioning #isitworthit 
German companies ‘panicking’ as Brexit looms: Shock survey reveals true Germany sentiment  
What is remarkable about UK media responses to how the Irish border issue affects Brexit is the sheer lack of understanding of the security dimension. It's as if with the Good Friday Agreement most UK politics journalists simply switched off from domestic security issues 
Hi @boztank. This looks great. Could Britain kindly have the same data for the referendum? Or is it only the US that gets the open & transparent treatment?  
Wales could be devastated by a hard Brexit: AMs should back staying in the customs union, writes @SimonThomasAC  
The Brexit clash is heating up  
The EU's draft legal text of the Withdrawal Agreement may mark the point when it emerged as the only organisation in control of #Brexit .The Tory government is so neutered by its internal conflicts that it has no draft of its own.So it either buys the EU version or it walks. 
Bloody snow. Coming over here from fucking Siberia without a job or proper documentation.Hard Brexit now! 
The crisis in the Scottish Parliament is not about legislative competence on an alternative Brexit bill. The immediate crisis is having a #BetterTogether partizan in the shape of Presiding Officer Ken Mackintosh. What's the process for his removal ? 
Only those showing signs of wilful ignorance or blind ideological stubbornness can possibly be backing any #Brexit by now...the evidence mounts day by day that we can't get a better deal than the 1 we have & #Brexit can only leave us Poorer & Weaker + less control & fewer Rights  
@JeremyCorbyn,Labour's members, supporters and voters are Remain. And you're scared to represent the 48% of the UK that voted Remain?You're the Opposition Party. You EXIST to represent the views of those who lost! You don't need to oppose Brexit. Just give us a #FinalSayPLEASE 
.Dear Boris JohnsonYou are a very dangerous idiot.If the UK Government listens to you then people in Ireland, North & South, will die.WILL die.For your selfish, dangerous, idiotic Brexit.. 
The UK can be in a Customs Union with the EU and trade with other countries. Germany have huge trade with China. @LiamFox is misguiding the electorate using Hard Brexit bluff.Time for change.Time for a LAB government.#JC4PM 
Anyone would think this whole #Brexit thing hadn’t really been thought through... 
The Boris letter seems to be a plea that B can work, even if it means a bit more checking than now. EU already dismissed this as “Narnia option”.This leak will expose Boris and Brexiteers - who might trade Good Friday Ag for Brexit - to fury. /4 
1/ This morning I noted that the BoJo "Cavan is Camden" statement was no gaffe but part of a plan on Brexit and Ireland  
So leave lied about £350m for NHS , lied about having lost sovereignty , lied about brexit not threatening the GFA , and we’re continuing because ‘ will of the people ‘. That ANY MP could take their seat in the HoC  knowing the lies & support brexit is utterly shameful . #ABVT 
the referendum was only advisory.  It had no legal meaning at all.  The real deception is the tory far right pretending it does.  In other countries it would be called a "coup". 
We need to invest in @EHRC in order to tackle gender pay gap, equal rights. It's been 10years and we need them even more now. #Brexit alone highlights then immediate need.  
Party that consistently opposes the "Belfast Agreement", which acts to undermine the agreement,  and supports #Brexit which is incompatible with the agreements, now invokes the agreement.   
We have a Remain lobby. 18 months AFTER Remain LOST a referendum. Anyone with even a modicum of knowledge of democracy would deduce that some Remainers don't understand the word 'democracy'.But we do have such an anti-democratic force in our midst, and they must be defeated. 
Sir Martin Donnelly, formerly top civil servant, says “Brexit is like giving up a three-course meal... for the promise of a packet of crisps in the future." So for @BBCWorldTonight food writer @timhayward asks what flavour would Brexit crisps be?  
Brexit’s lunatic fringe would be happier saluting the Brits-only bridge of a sinking ship than being integral parts of the crew & command of an international super vessel.Similarly, Johnson doesn’t care how diminished Britain becomes if it enhances his chances of becoming PM. 
Welsh and Scottish leaders to introduce new laws to protect devolution after Brexit  
Genuine question, what does England actually produce? I'm struggling to think of anything on a mass scale. #brexit 
We are so fortunate to have such a competent hard working team in the SNP Scottish Government Fighting for the future of ALL the people living in Scotland They have NEVER wavered since day one of this whole sorry Brexit mess while Labour & Tory have dithered THANK YOU SNP   
If true, then Johnson's recklessness with our relationship the Republic & the future of the GFA must be addressed by the PM. This man's ego and his Brexit-at-any-cost strategy cannot be allowed to jeopardise peace. Mrs May should sack him before he does any more damage.  
Currently we pay trade charges on over 13,000 types of goods imported from outside the EU. If we stay in the customs union, as Jeremy Corbyn wishes, consumers would have to keep paying these higher costs. #Brexit  
Irish PM urges Sinn Fein to take seats in Westminster to thwart a hard Brexit  
BREXIT: Leaked Boris Johnson letter: Brexit may cause hard Irish border / #EU #Brexit #Ireland 
"Trade-wise Brexit was like removing an egg from an omelette. The UK is in the internal market part of the omelette, which was stirred for many, many years .."#brexitshambles 
That’s some handshake between Ireland’s deputy PM and EU’s #Brexit negotiator. Body language that suggests they are in lockstep with one another as the Irish border issue comes to the fore.   
Boris Johnson in February 2016 asked about the impact of Brexit on the NI/ ROI border: “I think the situation would be absolutely unchanged”. Top scoop from @faisalislam 
Brexit has created chaos in Britain – nobody voted for this.- @zoesqwilliamsAnd the majority would now vote to Remain, polls consistently show.The best option is to #StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
Any price whatsoever is worth paying say the Brexit Headbangers,.Anything, even if that endangers lives and peace.#GoodFridayAgreement  happened after 3,532 deaths and 47,000 injuries. 
The mask has finally been ripped off. Boris Johnson doesn't give a toss about Northern Ireland, or the people who live there. He'd be perfectly happy to return to the borders of the past, as long as he gets what he wants: the hardest, most destructive Brexit possible.  
Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson has told Prime Minster Theresa May in a letter seen by Sky News that it is "wrong" to see the Government's task as maintaining "no border" in Ireland after Brexit 
Hard Brexiters repeatedly said during the referendum that there would be no hard border in Northern Ireland if we voted Leave. Rhetoric colliding with reality. Please RT so everybody knows the real facts:  
Sky News has seen a letter from Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson to Prime Minister Theresa May in which he says the Government's task after Brexit will be to stop the Irish border becoming "significantly harder" 
Remember this when you cast your vote at local elections.The best way we can get Labour & Tories to listen to the Remain message, is by voting for pro-Eu parties, like Lib Dems or Greens.For many, this is a big ask, but the consequences of Brexit are far too great to ignore.  
Confused about the legality or otherwise of Scotland's landmark alternative Brexit Bill? Cometh the hour, cometh the @PeatWorrier 
Brexit threatens everything I fought for in the Second World War. On my 95th birthday, this is what I need people to know | @Harryslaststand 
For me Brexit is like when your dad has a mid-life crisis and goes to test drive a sports car and he can’t fit into and you all tell him not to buy it but every dinner time he goes on about the f-ing sports car and the more you laugh at him the more determined he is to get it. 
Reflecting on #LiamFox today, still uttering incoherent stuff & nonsense on #Brexit and remembered this. When are people going to get angry enough about the lies & deceit to take action?If you want to do one thing, then sign & RT this:  @BorderIrish #FBPE 
Brexiters claim to be patriots. They are not! #Brexit damages our economy & alliances, reduces our power & influence & helps Putin's hybrid war against democracy. It is what an enemy would do to our country. It is the opposite of patriotism. #BrexitBetraysBritain#StopBrexit 
The Conservative and Unionist Party's policy on Brexit has meant that there may in effect be a united Ireland for all single market, regulatory and customs purposes......just in time for the centenary of 1922. 
Ryanair to close base at Glasgow Airport due to Brexit uncertainty.More Brexit job losses and disruption.The move will affect 500,000 passengers, with more than 300 jobs also expected to be lost at the airport.Brexit is a shambles. #StopBrexit. #FBPE 
#Brexit has irrevocably opened an unhealable chasm between #Leavers and #Remainers in the UK.That idiots like Fox, Johnson, Gove and May cannot see it, is a crying shame. They have allowed a flawed referendum result to stand without challenge.History will not be kind to them 
Good luck Britain! Which expert was consulted for this masterpiece? #Brexit #trade 
A reminder that NI's economy is forecasted to take a 12% hit in the event of a hard Brexit. The DUP are on the road to sink this place because fleg. 
NEW: Sources confirming @TConnellyRTE story that "Northern Ireland may be considered part of European Union customs territory post-Brexit, according to a draft legal text to be adopted by the European Commission tomorrow" 
Spoiler: Brexit.  
Mishal: Jeremy Corbyn is now being backed by CBI and business the Tories are not the party of business any moreBoris: i i well well I well they’re wrongMishal: But they represent over 200,000 businessesBoris: One day we won’t talk about Brexit 
Jeremy Corbyn derailing Gove’s plans for a hard Brexit like...  
Julia Hartley-Brewer:"I remember people voting 52% Leave being told from pretty much everybody in authority it's going to be absolute economic disaster.You know what people did?They said:You know what, I don’t care, I want my country back"#Brexit #EU 
Here is my statement in @ScotParl this afternoon....Scotland’s Brexit Minister on the introduction of the...  
German companies ‘panicking’ as Brexit looms: Shock survey reveals true Germany sentiment  
The Dutch are abolishing their consultative referendum because the people voted the wrong way.  
So tomorrow marks the first legal moves to shift the border to its correct location in the Irish Sea. DUP support for Brexit in exchange for £100,000s will go down in history as one of the worlds biggest political miscalculations 
Staying in a customs union with the EU after #Brexit would be a “complete sell-out of Britain's national interests” and a "betrayal" of Leave voters.  
This is just embarrassing nonsense. And Hannan is regularly adduced as the 'intelligent' Brexit voice.  
Why are Americans so keen on pushing Brexit? To sell us chlorinated chicken? Beef burgers? To tear apart and, privatise our NHS? 
A referendum has supremacy over parliament, government and judiciary as it is the ultimate will of the people. And anyone who tries to undermine the decision of a referendum or pushes for another one to get a different result commits treason. #Brexit 
Excellent from @MollyMEP, including agreeing with @ottocrat and I: "My favourite word in the Brexit lexicon is “cakeism”"  
Draft text: NI may be considered part of EU customs territory post-Brexit | More:  
If the DUP really had Northern Ireland's best interests at heart, they'd jump at the chance of being the only UK region to remain aligned to the EU. Huge opportunity to attract FDI. But sadly they have more sectarian hatred of Ireland than sense #brexit 
They want to eat cake and pick cherries. Many #Brexit metaphors are about food, but Brextremists are discovering they must eat their words around the ease of leaving the EU.My piece for @TheStaggers 
Please take a look at this map showing the distribution of those who have signed the petition to ensure MP's have a meaningful vote on Brexit which INCLUDES an option to #Remain. If your area is looking a bit pale, please sign/RT - 10k more needed! 
Hot. Take.Angry feminism got us to the point of a referendum whereas unabashed misogyny got the 8th in in the first place but sure who needs FACTS.  
Since Berahino last scored a goal:- Brexit vote- Trump elected- Leicester won the league- Allardyce hired by England- Allardyce sacked by England- Newcastle relegated- Newcastle promoted again- World transfer record broken twice- Six new iPhones  
I’m sure Murdoch only wanted Brexit as a weak £ v $ made Sky cheaper. Brexit is the boulevard of broken dreams.  
Sir Martin Donnelly, who said the arithmetic of Brexit just “doesn’t add up”, got his own sums wrong on @BBCr4today 
Nick Robinson & the BBC seem slightly taken aback that @scotgov is defending devolution in the #Brexit process. It's maybe time the BBC realised Scotland is not a county or a region, Scotland is a nation.  
Labour, please. You're giving those of us who studied EU law a headache.Ordinary Legislative Procedure for EU members is literally also called the Co-decision procedure. Only we'd be in a weaker position post Brexit!CHANGE YOUR STANCE!  
The #Civil Servant who was actually head of this #Brexit government’s newly created Dept for International Trade, reveals that there is, in fact, no prospect of fulfilling the #brexiter promises of getting better #TradeDeals than we have now via EU 
Here are all the times Cambridge Analytica has said it worked for the Brexit campaign as collected by @aaronslodounik and yet today Nix adamantly insisted otherwise (because it would implicate the Mercers in foreign election interference) #NixHearing 
It really is very, very simple. We CANNOT leave the #EU without causing significant damage to our economy. That has been proven beyond reasonable doubt. People need a chance to re-evaluate their #Leave positions now this crucial fact is known.#StopBrexit#FBPE#Brexit#REMAIN 
Here's the Lord Advocate's view on the competence of the @scotgov #LegalContinuity Bill. James Wolffe QC is one of the finest legal minds of his generation. His opinion should not be lightly dismissed #Brexit #ScotlandsPlaceInEurope 
Pre 1974 the schools never shut cos of UK snow and the trains still ran in UK snow. Hard Brexit Now!... lets go back to UK snow and end the tyranny of Euro Snow #TheBastards 
Clueless @BorisJohnson has just compared the post-Brexit Irish border to the London congestion charge. Thank goodness this guy hasn't got an important job at the top of government. 
 It is not acceptable for Westminster to unilaterally rewrite the devolution settlement without the Scottish Parliament's consent. #Brexit  
An EU Continuity Bill has formally been introduced to the Scottish Parliament to protect devolution and prepare Scotland’s laws for Brexit.Read more here  
We will, post-Brexit, command the most valuable fisheries resource in northern Europe, perhaps all Europe. We must protect our 2/3rds sector of the fish-rich Dogger Bank. We will, once again, become a net fish exporter, not a fish importer. And the price of fish to eat will fall. 
Three Brexit assurances from the relevant cabinet ministers.Fox: Brexit *is* more complicated than a packet of Walkers.Davis: Brexit will not lead to a Mad Max dystopia.Johnson: Irish border issue just like Islington and Camden. 
It's worth reminding ourselves what Adam Tomkins said about the Scottish Government Brexit analysis, which bears a striking resemblance to the Tory government's analysis.  
Here's Lord Advocate James Wolffe's argument about why ScotGov's Brexit bill *is* within Holyrood's competence. He says its been carefully drafted to make sure it only applies to the period *after* Brexit  
Brexiters keep using Japanese companies as a positive of #Brexit. However, their operations are reliant on access to the single market and their incentive to invest will disappear if we pursue a hard #Brexit. Our status as a world power will be weakened.  
Irish PM urges Sinn Fein to take seats in Westminster to thwart a hard Brexit  
DesperateTory MPs are getting really confused about the best way to smear Jeremy Corbyn over Brexit 
Just think, if we had voted Yes in 2014 we would be celebrating two years independence next monthWe wouldn't be getting dragged through BrexitWe would still be in the EUWe wouldn't have to mitigate austerityWouldn't have an incompetent hard right Tory gov stamping on us 
BREAKING: Holyrood's Presiding Officer has said the alternative Brexit Bill is outwith the competency of the Scottish Parliament ... despite Scotland's top lawyer backing it and a similar bill being approved in Wales   
In Brussels for meetings with people working on Brexit. They expect Commission draft withdrawal treaty to include v tough language on Ireland. The ‘fallback’ option would oblige UK to keep NI in CU & SM. This will be unacceptable to DUP & Tories. Explosive. @CER_EU 
Every time I remember that the word 'Brexit' started as a cheap imitation of 'Grexit' it blows my mind. Grexit doesn't even sound like a word any more. 
Spotted in the Trump Hotel in DC this weekend (how much taxpayer cash?), anti-Brexit UK govt minister Alan Duncan, who is reportedly there to push pro-EU lines in the military and intelligence co-operation spheres. @UKinUSA @FCOPressOffice_ 
Boris Johnson: We cannot accept Brexit deal that keeps UK under European Court of Justice rule  
We need a robust work-permit based immigration system set up in time for Brexit: Permits of one-to-three year(s) duration, potentially renewable, available only following a verified recruitment campaign in the UK determining that no locally qualified candidates are available. 
Unlike #EUWithdrawalBill @scotgov #LegalContinuityBill gives Scottish Parliament an enhanced role in scrutinising legal changes as a result of withdrawal & contains a power to continue to keep pace with EU law where appropriate, after #Brexit  
So the Government that can’t focus on other issues because Brexit is so important turns out not to be focussing on Brexit either.Paul Dacre’s happy though, which is of course the main thing.  
Japanese call it 'self harm', Europeans think the UK has gone mad. Tories continue to lie about the impact statements. It's definitely not worth it - the cost of Brexit is too high.  #stopbrexit shambles now. @michelbarnier @Labour4EU @LibDems The best deal is the one we have now 
Holyrood Presiding Officer Ken Macintosh says the Scottish gov Brexit continuity bill "would not be within the legislative competence of the parliament"John Swinney says it isAfter research i can find nothing to suggest the PO is correct SIU man Mcintosh explain yourself 
Well, the FM played a blinder appointing Michael Russell as Scotland's Brexit minister. Right on his brief, erudite and aptly serious, for the times we live in. 
We are SO screwed. #StopBrexit #BrexitShambles #brexit @brexit_sham @BrexitBin 
Adam Tompkins effectively saying Scotlands’s parliament should simply shut up and take whatever scraps the Westminster Gov gives us on Brexit. And in doing so demonstrating exactly why you can’t trust the Scottish Tories. #Brexit 
Scot Tories back the #Brexit mess created by the UK Gov instead of protecting the Scottish Parliament, what a surprise. It shows they do not care about our Parliament. #Brexishambles 
READ: Full text of Liam Fox's ‘Road to Brexit’ speech: ‘Britain’s Trading Future' - delivered at Bloomberg HQ 
Update on British politics in 2018: Brexiteers talk loudly in House of Commons about Brexit 'taking back control' and returning sovereignty to Parliament. Brexiteers also asking lawyers if they can ignore Parliament if it says something they don't like.  
In statement @scotgov very clear today if we can reach an agreement with UK Govt that protexts devolution we will not proceed with Continuity Bill.  If we can't - Continuity Bill will go ahead. #brexit 
Liam Fox today said that participating in a Customs Union was a "sell-out", but this is exactly what he backed before the referendum. #LeaveWatch 
Breaking: Scottish Government's chief law officer, the Lord Advocate, has backed the legislative competence of the proposed Brexit Continuity Bill, @Feorlean confirms. He will address parliament tomorrow. 
Most of all, our children and grandchildren will ask why we let them down so catastrophically and sacrificed their futures so credulously, for the promise of marginally fewer immigrants and marginally more sovereigntyBut the Brexit Chilcot inquiry may ask those questions first 
Great to meet Zoran Zaev, prime minister of Macedonia, in my office yesterday. We discussed Brexit, security and social justice.  
**VOTE & RETWEET POLL**Which party has the most clear #Brexit policy?#Conservatives #Labour #LibDems #Greens #SNP #UKIP #PlaidCymru 
"The text must ensure that the Good Friday Agreement is protected in all its parts and it must make clear that there will be no loss of rights for citizens.” @MaryLouMcDonaldIreland’s interests must be defended during Brexit negotiations: 
CAMBRIDGE ANALYTICACambridge Analytica CEO told UK Parliament his company did not use #Facebook data or psychographic modeling to help Trump & had “no involvement whatsoever” in #Brexit.Nix added: “We have never spoken to anyone at WikiLeaks.” 
 Coming up soon: @Feorlean, Scotland’s Brexit Minister, makes a statement to the @scotparl on the Scottish Continuity Bill. Watch here:  
The Scottish Government's alternative Brexit Bill has now been published:  
In your opinion have the Labour Party betrayed #brexit?Please Retweet 
Michel Barnier calls David Davis to Brexit transition crisis talks  
Holyrood Presiding Officer Ken Macintosh says the Scottish government's Brexit continuity bill "would not be within the legislative competence of the parliament" 
Speechless after this ludicrous comparison from @BorisJohnson. If ever a clip could demonstrate the incompetence of this gvt. in #Brexit negotiations. They are not only leading us to the economic brink, but they’re also putting the safety of Northern Ireland &  at risk.  
Former PM John Major making speech on Brexit tomorrow. It follows former PM Tony Blair’s intervention last week. Anyone would think the former PMs are coordinating to pressurise the current one. 
Here’s some of the high street savings we can make after Brexit - provided we don't stay in a customs union  
Brexit's comin' home, it's comin' home .... #Expats #Brexit #Spain #Visas #UKIP #BorisJohnson #MigrationEU @BrexitBin @TakingJobs @Brexit @MarieAnnUK @dontbrexitfixit 
Labour’s sold its soul and the trust of Brexit voters (that’s 70% of Labour constituencies) in a desperate bid to snatch power.Power corrupts and all that...  
I spoke in the #WestminsterHall debate on Brexit & Fishing: We need a firm & settled policy. Fishing is the area worst damaged by the EU. The Gov should legislate this year to ensure we have a new policy in place by the time we leave the EU in March 2019:  
Jeremy Corbyn's Brexit plan hasn't gone down well in Labour's heartlands  
Scottish and Welsh #Brexit Continuity Bills are a response to the arrogance and incompetence of the UK Government. They defend devolution settlements agreed by public vote and should command the support of every member of both chambers. 
Does #Corbyn think 'a' customs union - whatever that is - is going to save 169,000 car jobs? Gales of laughter!!! This skinny Brexit of his is as toxic as a Tory Brexit. A mass of unnecessary complication and confusion. Is it better than we have now? NO! FFS! Then go figure!! 
With Liam Fox saying ‘Brexit is more complex than a packet of Walkers' crisps and David Davis offering us the “assurance” Britain won't be a 'Mad Max-style dystopia' after Brexit is it any wonder so many are looking to Corbyn and Starmer to lead the way 
Labour are betraying Brexit to bring down the government. The battle for independence is not yet over.  
A Brexit deal with US would be 'close to dead on arrival' if the UK sticks to EU rules, warns the former US trade negotiator who developed NAFTA  
Because the Republic of Ireland intends to remain a member of the EU the EU now supports the campaign by Dublin to achieve a United Ireland. For that reason tomorrow the EU will come down in favour of NI remaining within the EU after BREXIT. There will be an almighty row!! 
Spontaneous PR idea to make a 68-year-old man seem fun and dynamic. If honest, I'd rather he did something sensible about Brexit.  
Labour voters think Brexit is wrong, by a huge margin: 69% to 25%, according to the latest polls.@UKLabour should back #StopBrexit. /1 
People laughing at @NadineDorries obvious ignorance of both trade & EU need to understand - its not funny. This person actually has sway over Britain's #Brexit future. This is incredibly depressing. Ive never been so depressed about the ridiculous people that form our parliament.  
Seriously people everything's changed & for once, I think many leavers get this more than remainers. The "no deal" & even hard #brexit of 2017 isnt going to happen. Politics is in flux, govt near collapse, Corbyn moving, Irish issue etc. We're just waiting for final jenga brick.. 
.@TiceRichard: “Britain will only enjoy the full economic benefits of Brexit and help the least well off in society when we can cut tariffs on products such as non-EU food and clothing as well as negotiate our own trade deals with the rest of the world." 2/3 
9/ @BorisJohnson also said it would be "fantastic" if we stopped talking about Brexit. It would indeed. Let's stop Brexit then.  
Ian; the single biggest lie Nix told @CommonsCms was that @CamAnalytica didn’t work in #Brexit. SCL, their subsidiary, did. He was parsing as he tried to between Assange and Wikileaks. Suggest follow up letter cc @DamianCollins Great job btw. 
"Brexit is like giving up a three-course meal... for the promise of a packet of crisps in the future."Former top civil servant Sir Martin Donnelly says the arithmetic of Brexit just "doesn't add up" #r4today 
Dont worry about us, we will be just fine after #brexit  
feels like there's two generational splits w/r/t brexit. there's 'brexit is great' (old), 'brexit is terrible and must be stopped' (middle aged) and 'brexit is terrible but so is everything else so lol' (young) 
This is like saying 'Churchill was as bad as Hitler, because he fought back.' Far Right extremism is a response to Islamism, a response to police and government negligence. Stop blaming the victims, do your job!#MarkRowley #TommyRobinson #Scapegoat #Brexit  
Whoa! Extraordinary claims from the man who bankrolled Brexit and previously claimed Cambridge Analytica helped them win...  
Let’s say this slowly and carefully again - even the @GovUK’s own figures show that any  trade benefit from new treaties outside EU is dwarfed by benefit of existing EU trade.  There is no - repeat, Ross, NO - pot of gold at the end of the #Brexit rainbow.  
This is dry stuff, but read it to see what it takes to get a chemical registered in the EU. Then imagine having to do it twice, once for a domestic regulator not recognised by the EU & once for the EU. Then imagine doing this throughout a long manufacturing supply chain. #Brexit  
Who would a reasonable person trust on this key issue....Fox (a proven liar) or a former senior civil servant which years of trade experience ?  Liam Fox says former top civil servant stuck in past for fearing hard Brexit | Politics | The Guardian  
Ryanair cuts Glasgow routes due to Brexit.I remember having a discussion at a party in Glasgow about a year ago.Me: "You can wave goodbye to your cheap holidays post-Brexit."Them: "Don't be stupid - they'll work something out." 
In WM hall debate on future of UK fisheries policy. Very focussed on quotas & overlooking importance of being in single market for our fishing exports. That’s why Norway is in single market to avoid non tariff barriers #Brexit 
I'm afraid I can't trust #Westminster to look after the interests of Wales in relation to #Brexit... or anything else for that matter. Westminster NEVER puts Wales first. (Why would it?!) @Plaid_Cymru ALWAYS does. 
Let's stop pretending that the gov is doing what people want. During the referendum, @BorisJohnson & others said the UK would stay in the single market. We must ensure people get what they voted for, by giving them the #FinalSay 
Brexit: Why can't we just get on with it? In brief, because there's no 'we', there's no agreed 'it' and the government's version of 'it' is impossible. My essay on the Brexit big picture here:  
Shadow Brexit spokesperson Baroness Hayter says she's run into the chamber from inspecting the border between Camden and Islington 
Cambridge Analytica facing scrutiny now in the UK over their influencing Brexit.  The co is owned by the Mercers and Bannon has a stake.  They were also extremely involved with our election - watch this one!!!  
“Ryanair to close base at Glasgow Airport due to Brexit uncertainty The will affect 500,000 passengers, with more than 300 jobs also expected to be lost at the airport” 
Unbelievable. Ryanair close their Glasgow base, citing a failure by SNP to reduce air departure tax, as promised. This was backed up by an official statement from Glasgow Airport. Guess what Derek McKay blamed? BREXIT!These idiots aren’t fit to govern.  
Boris Johnson was forced to stand and listen as he was branded a "disgrace" and an "embarrassment" as the House of Lords debated key Brexit legislation  
David O'Brien, chief commercial officer of Ryanair "We think Brexit is particularly threatening to Scotland and its economy, and particularly to the aviation industry" 300 jobs at risk as Ryanair cuts Glasgow routes due to Brexit  
For a country that voted to take back control of its own affairs, Britain grinding to a halt after a few inches of snow doesn’t bode well.#Snow #Snowmageddon #Brexit 
Dear PhD student, the Constitution of India does not provide for a referendum on any issue, and for good reason. Thank you.  
Outside of the EU Customs Union, Britain will be free to go global. The ability to reengage with the Commonwealth and agree our own trade deals with the world’s largest economies and the fastest growing markets is one of the key prizes of Brexit. Our time is now!  
“Soapbox speeches and unproductive debates only increase insecurity in the economy and raise doubts in Britain as a business hub.”-Words from the Head of the Association of German Industry. The gvts. approach to #Brexit negotiations has lacked clarity and is harming the economy. 
"We have not achieved" transition yet, EU's #Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier says, describing "significant disagreement" on the issue  
#Isitworthitbus asks #Portsmouth...#Isitworthit?Resounding NO! #StopbrexitBest thing was we were parked right outside A #Wetherspoons! Hear that Tim Martin?!We don't want #Brexit!!!#BoycottSpoons 
The biggest danger to #Brexit is Brexiters' own refusal, at every level - individual voters, Press in favour, ministers leading it - to engage with the reality of the process and offer cogent practical solutions, while shouting down anyone pointing this out as a traitor. 
#Brexit is a complex matter, but one thing is clear: @Jacob_Rees_Mogg & his race-to-the bottom, anti-worker, bonfire-of-the-regulations Brexit has nothing to offer Britain's poorest, whether in work or out. Seriously? This is so disingenuous it makes my eyes hurt to look at it. pic.twitter.com/YmSrEOuOp9 
#JacobReesMogg: The #EuropeanUnion keep banging on about time running out yet continue to propose preposterous ideas like #ECJ supremacy in #Britain after #Brexit. Get real or get lost!  #BBC #SKY @BBC #LBC @ConHome #EU @CCHQPress #Tory @Conservatives 
Barnier warns that British Brexit plans are an ‘illusion’  
'@JuliaHB1 ridicules #BarryGardiner and #Labour's latest #Brexit policy: "If you  think #JeanClaudeJuncker, #GuyVerhofstadt et al are going to agree to give the #UK a veto over international #trade agreements signed by the #EU, you are stark staring mad!" 
The case for Brexit is so weak in every part, and the individuals pushing for it are so feeble-minded; while the case for Remain is so strong, and has so many brilliant people fighting on its side... that it's almost impossible to believe Brexit hasn't already collapsed. 
Yesterday Labour confirmed that under their plans we would remain in a Customs Union post-brexit. This is nothing short of an outright betrayal of what 17.4 million people voted for in 2016.  
Scotland says won't consent to Brexit bill after latest UK offer  
Liam Fox speech reported @BBCNews #WATO followed by discussion with ... IDS? Really? You couldn't get anyone else who might have been a tad more critical to discuss a highly contentious speech?I am loath to criticise the Beeb for bias in their Brexit coverage, but seriously? 
Brexit Negotiations Progress Significantly As Boris Has Mouth Sewn Shut  
Does Daniel Hannan actually know what Brexit means  
This is too serious to be dismissed. A harder border is coming. The only way to stop this is designated special status for the north to remain in EU - Uniting Ireland will stop this & is Ireland & EU’s solution to main Brexit problem  
Fox trying to march us out of the customs union. Johnson comparing the Irish border to Camden & Islington. Unhinged & unsustainable, this govt will rip itself apart. Labour must be ready for a 2018 #FinalSay referendum or General Election and ready to make the case for #Remain 
EU chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier has said the UK cannot leave the 'Ireland question' pending 
And I thought #borisjohnson was the biggest pub bullshitter in Britain. I was wrong, it's Lord Snooty here.#ToriesOut #Brexit pic.twitter.com/gQcpiA19Yq 
A nationalist party coming in power in the Northeast means a huge gain for India's strategic goals internationally. If assembly elections are a referendum on who has the popular support, India clearly does! #Exitpoll 
EU chief bully-boy Guy Verhofstadt says EU will do everything to keep Northern Ireland under EU control. This is a direct and blatant attack on the integrity of the United Kingdom. Those who voted Remain, please, are you still on the side of the EU? Really?#Brexit  
Your daily reminder that Brexit will mean moving the Northern Ireland border back between Northern Ireland and the rest of the UK, with an EU Single market zone in Northern Ireland. If that happens, Scotland, Wales and the overseas territories wil soon want the same.#FBPE 
The disgraced ex Defence Secretary Liam Fox has given a speech on #Brexit putting the boot into Mr. Corbyn's plan to keep us in a customs union, if Mr. Fox doesn't mind,he couldn't hold a candle to Mr. Corbyn when it comes to honesty/integrity, so i know who I'm with #ToriesOut. 
I agree with @kezdugdale but that isn't @UKLabour Brexit policy, it's @theSNP policy. 
The #Isitworthitbus parked Outside one of Tim Martin's #Wetherspoons dumps What do you have to say to that?#Brexit... #Isitworthit?No!#Stopbrexit#BoycottSpoons 
Summary1. Brexit has created chaos in Britain.2. Literally nobody voted for Brexit, apart from a tiny handful of 17,410,742 bigots, who were taken in by the LIES on the side of a bus.3. I love Our EU. Let's cancel Brexit.4. Kindly send the Graun a fiver.5. That's all, folks!  
.@AnthonyBarnett giving a talk on Brexit and the survival of the UK on Thurs - v.few people thinking more deeply about this subject than him atm  
Sturgeon says Scottish parliament will not consent to UK PM May's Brexit bill  
Still loads of press interest after a week on the road. The government might not like it but our message is resonating: we still have a choice - we can change our minds if we decide Brexit isn’t worth it.  
Scottish government to publish alternative Brexit bill  
any men on my TL who are for #repealthe8th but considering not voting in  the referendum on the grounds of 'it's a woman's issue' seriously need  to reconsider. we need all yer votes cos you can be sure anti-choice men  will vote against it in their droves. 
Brexit vote impact felt throughout UK economy  
Any form a customs union with the EU after Brexit "would be a complete sellout of Britain's national interests" @LiamFox 
Thanks so much to the #BrexitFactsBus #IsItWorthIt? team coming to visit @stratford4eu yesterday, what a day! You really woke Stratford up on a cold Monday morning, some brilliant performances and a solid message that Brexit is not worth it. @albawhitewolf @isitworthitbus 
Whatever happens with Brexit in the end, the last 2 years has taught me that far too many are racist, xenophobic, intolerant & disturbingly selfish.That has shocked me more than Brexit itself. 
Yesterday, Tory MP @SuellaFernandes "reassured" Romanians in the UK over their #citizensrights post Brexit.The same Suella Fernandes who co-wrote @britishfuture recommendation to guarantee those rights. Only to vote against it a few months later. 
at long last the truth of brexit is slowly coming out-The brexiters promised their fat cat friends they would be free to plunder UK for their own gain. That's what this all comes down to. It's what Brexit has always been about nothing else-sold to the people under a bigger lie... 
Always worth remembering that this nation changing #Brexit isn't "the will of the people" it's the will of about a quarter the people... cast on one day in June 2016  
It’s the poorest families who will be most harmed by the self inflicted wound that is your preferred Brexit option. You care not a jot for those families, you only want to preserve your precious UK even if that means going against what’s best for Scotland.  
Jeffrey Archer is right about Mrs T. Were she in May’s Govt-or Corbyn’s Opposition-she’d be seen on Brexit as a wet!  
BREXIT: As expert after expert lines up to criticise government negotiations, promises and tactics we focus on what matters most to our readers - blaming Jeremy Corbyn...  
We're hosting an event in @UKParliament! Join us on 19 March to discuss how public opinion on identity, immigration and trust is shaping the #Brexit debate with @smthgsmthg, @GoodwinMJ, @anandMenon1, #JohnCurtice and our impartial experts. Book today: 
Good. "Grabbing powers from Wales" wasn't on the Brexit ballot paper.Wales voted in 2 referenda for powers to the Assembly.Well done @fmwales and @steffanlewis and all others. Nwver trust Westminster. Stand firm. 
I was glancing at a book on the French revolution and came across this: "One historian has said that the most dangerous revolutionaries are the conservatives, the pious folk loyal to a real or imagined Golden Age."#Brexit #FBPE #StopBrexit 
"The Brexit process is, as we've all discovered, a little more complex than a packet of Walkers." Bet his team thought that was a fucking zinger. 
‘@LiamFox: Brexit Britain must seize opportunities of fully independent trade policy. That’s what the British people voted for!  
Listening to Liam Fox's speech and adding up the eye-watering costs - time, money & expertise - of everything he's advocating..Conclusion: #Brexit will take decades and bankrupt Britain. 
WATCH | @LiamFox on @JeremyCorbyn's Customs Union betrayal: "As ruletakers, we would be in a worse position than we are today. It would be a complete sell-out of Britain's national interest and a betrayal of the voters in the referendum."  
Brexit is the will of slightly more than 37% of the electorate. There is no evidence that it is the wish or in the best interests of the other 63% of the electorate or the other 75% of the population. cont.......  
#LiamFox: “Since the referendum, my ministerial team and I have undertaken over 150 visits to all parts of the world,..”Where?  Who?No CEO would stand up in front of shareholders and make a speech like this. Plus his mouth is dry.'Cause this is bs. 
Nix suddenly very shy when confronted with evidence over a £24.2m transfer from Cambridge Analytica to a British company within the ownership structure of SCL......more on this later tonight! 
Britain can't remain in the EU's customs union after Brexit, Liam Fox says in Bloomberg speech  
I said to a Brexit backer who'd made a fortune shorting the pound on the night of the EU Ref 'didn't you care about the country?' and he told me 'no because I live most of my time abroad.' Understand these people have different values to us. 
If, as appears, almost all Labour and most Tory MPs recognise that Brexit is a huge mistake,  then it's time to swallow their pride and admit it. They're going to look more foolish if they go ahead with it, when it'll be plain for all to see. And they'll be blamed for the damage. 
You must know @LiamFox being in the EU doesn’t prevent us trading with the world. You haven’t given us one reason why Brexit will make a difference. 
What was the impact of the 2016 #Brexit vote? Take a look through our charts from migration through insolvencies and even search results.  Via @BruceReuters 
Virtually the entire political class has been plotting to either overturn the Leave vote, or water it down so significantly that it becomes meaningless  #Brexit 
Liam Fox has visited almost 40 countries, clocking up 290,000 miles in his attempts to stitch up free trade deals post #Brexit. Is his 'global Britain’ compatible with meeting Paris #climate goals? 
.@NicolaSturgeon to publish Holyrood Brexit Bill in dramatic clash with Westminster 
But I asked you eight months after the referendum whether you had worked with them and you said you had.  
The European Union keep banging on about time running out yet continue to propose preposterous ideas like ECJ supremacy in Britain after Brexit. Get real or get lost!Read more:  
"EU citizens are only Brexit collateral now; that that has not translated into more sustained public solidarity with us will forever remain the most heartbreaking Brexit reality." says @cliodiaspora 
Brexit is proving to be a disaster, but there is no shame in having been conned. Lots of clever people told us lots of lies, after all. But there is considerable shame in pretending there was no con and continuing to attempt to implement the impossible, regardless of the trauma. 
Trade Secretary Liam Fox explains Britain's stance on Brexit in a speech at Bloomberg  
So - to be clearIn the blue corner we have a remainer delivering Brexit And in the red corner a brexiteer delivering remain What a load of old bollocks 
So, the bottom line from Alexander Nix and Cambridge Analytica: (paraphrased)“We did work with both Trump and on the Leave side of Brexit. Unless that means something illegal was done. At which point we didn’t, despite saying we did.”That’s called disingenuous. 
.@jeremycorbyn is completely ignoring the #Brexit we voted for and betraying millions of voters!   
Quick pollLadies & Gentlemen, your #Brexit menu:Based on yesterday's meeting bet All-Party Parliamentary Group on EU Relations & France’s Secretary of State for EU AffairsPls RT for a larger sample#r4today #bbcdp #skynews #itvnews #C4News@eurelationsappg @NathalieLoiseau 
Why does @DavidMundellDCT think the new independence referendum must be held in September? Because he knows what the British government will be doing in October! #Referendum2018 
I’m sure it’s entirely coincidental that a former mandarin sld attack the idea of free trade Britain on the day Lism Fox speaks about Britain and free trade. No orchestrated campaign being run to thwart the referendum result by grandees. 
Highly informative and sobering evidence session this morning with Pascal Lamy, former Director General of the WTO. For one and a half hours the fantasies of the hard Brexiteers met 30 years of expert knowledge and pragmatism on trade, and evaporated on contact. #Brexit #WTO 
More bad news caused by Brexit.Ryanair to close base at Glasgow Airport due to Brexit uncertainty #StopBrexit #FBPE #OFOC 
A brief message to all Kremlinologists across the EU who are supposedly scrutinising Tory Ministers’ speeches for clues about their detailed plans for Brexit.THEYDON’TKNOWWHATTHEY’REDOING 
Me: The UK Government’s analysis shows borrowing will rise dramatically after Brexit. Can the chancellor reassure us that he won’t cut vital public services to plug this gap?Chancellor: we’re seeking a deep and special partnershipMe:  
As an inch of snow brings England to a standstill, I rejoice that the people running the country are those negotiating Brexit. I am mildly surprised that said inch of snow gets more discussion in a few hours than Brexit has in many months. Still, the garden needed it. 
Liam Fox advocated the very solution to post-Brexit trade that he now says would be a "sell out"  
He also said "One day we will be sitting here not talking about Brexit and it will be fantastic". Seriously. He actually said that with a straight face.  
I couldn't agree with @cliodiaspora more. This is utterly shameful!EU citizens are only Brexit collateral now. It’s heartbreaking for us | Tanja Bueltmann  
Every now and again Johnson makes this kind of utterly callous statement, and he gets away with it because of his image as Boris the buffoon. He strikes me as being more like a psychopath in clown's clothing.#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit #GFA #BorisJohnson 
Does Liam Fox really think the Brexit vote was defined by ppl's wish for trade deals? Really? Is he that mad? 
What Brexit means for your food & health.  
the Dutch are abolishing their consultative referendum because the people voted the wrong way.  
Hey there, if you’re a pro-choice man and you’re planning on not voting in the referendum because you think the decision should be left to women that’s commendable but also the anti-choice men aren’t thinking like that so please vote. 
Mr Speaker tells Liz Truss to resume her seat... end of it.. you answer for Gov. policy.... you don't waste the time of the house by launching into rants about policies of other parties. He then tells the Chancellor to stick to his abacus man. #Brexit #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Take a bow Sir Keir – he has moved a Eurosceptic leadership towards a much softer Brexit – and he may even yet go further.  
As Disgraced Former Defence Secretary Liam Fox gives his trade speech today, former aide Martin Donnelly says "Brexit is like giving up a 3-course meal for the promise of a packet of crisps in the future." And Boris Johnson compares Irish border to that of Camden and Westminster. 
When @Conservatives want to reach out and sign free trade agreements on our own terms. Labour want us to tie us up in the political straight jacket of the EU #customsunion – all rather odd  @dexeugov @tradegovuk #Brexit #freetrade 
With @BorisJohnson likening post-Brexit Irish border checks to congestion charges and @Jeremy_Hunt suggesting fatal errors in the NHS can be avoided if staff call each other Janet and John is it any wonder most of us feel a change of Government is needed sooner rather then later 
Agents promoting Sir John Major say he will tomorrow give 'an important speech' on Brexit. 'Self-important', surely? - Ed. 
"Once they have a permit to reside in one country that should be applicable in all 27 states of the EU." - @guyverhofstadt Too right. Why should British citizens in the EU have their rights curtailed by an undemocratic, ill-informed referendum?#StopBrexit #WATON 
“Brexit is like giving up a three-course meal for the promise of a packet of crisps in the future." ~ Sir Martin Donnelly, ex-Head of Liam Fox's International Trade Department on #Brexit.  
.@Open_Britain distributing free @walkers_crisps outside Liam Fox #Brexit speech at Bloomberg. No sign of @GaryLineker though 
Boris Johnson compared the Irish border to Camden and Islington – our favourite 19 responses  #BorisJohnson #Brexit #Ireland 
This idea of a ‘bespoke Brexit’ is so bonkers. It’s like asking  to be disembowelled in a bespoke way that won’t hurt. 
The only Leavers still standing either have no real grasp of the complexities posed by Brexit or have bizarre and outlandish ideas about the E.U. The public appetite for Brexit is on the wane. It really is time to hand over the reigns to the adults and #StopBrexit 
Students at Trinity College Dublin collect 1000 signatures on BDS petition, twice the number required to trigger referendum on whether the student union should back the global BDS movement for Palestinian rights.  
Brussels accused of 'outrageous' attempt to turn Northern Ireland into an EU province by rejecting British compromises  #Brexit 
MPs are quoting from Arron Banks' "Bad Boys of Brexit" book as evidence that Cambridge Analytica meddled in Brexit and suggest it counts as a legitimate source. The first page of that book claims I sent a photographer to catch Farage naked in a sauna. That did not happen.  
LISTEN | @JuliaHB1 ridicules Barry Gardiner and Labour's latest Brexit policy: "If you think Jean-Claude Juncker, Guy Verhofstadt et al are going to agree to give the UK a veto over international trade agreements signed by the EU, you are stark staring mad!"  
Powerful piece by @cliodiaspora including important reminder (not least to anti-Brexit campaign groups) that freedom of movement isn't a 'problem' but something valuable, to be treasured and fought for.  
From three of my most recent tweets/rants. Brexit, in a word cloud.#StopBrexit#dontbrexitfixit 
Spanish politicians continue to lie about their police brutality in Catalonia during the independence referendum: “Technically,” Millo had the gall to say, “there were no police charges on October 1.” But technically and truly, there were. And the world was watching. #roguespain 
Meeting @MichelBarnier in critical week of #Brexit talks.Will meet PM @theresa_may in London on Thursday. 
Finally, something positive about Brexit.  
Corbyn asked about Labour Brexit strategy:'What's Plan B?To keep negotiating until we get Plan A'Translated in English:Labour would not rest until it bottled it completely in capitulation to the EU.That's all folks...#LabourFail #CorbynSpeech 
Theresa May's team has "hugely exaggerated" Britain's post-Brexit trade prospects, Peter Mandelson says  
Wending our way towards the "hands -out" position on #Indyref2. "We literally tried everything. We are your national government, elected to protect Scottish material interests. Faced with the mad steamroller of Brexit, what else can we do?"  
We had all the dire economic predictions anyone could possibly want about leaving CU and SM before the referendum. We voted to leave anyway. The Adonises of this world can reheat the exact same arguments if they like but it does seem to overlook a vote we had.  
More job loses due to brexit uncertainty... @Labour4EU 
These anti-Brexit youth groups need to be challenged. The idea that young people should have more of a say in politics, that our votes count more, is repugnant. It undermines the principle of one person, one vote, writes @EmilyRDinsmore  
At @CommonsEUexit we are currently taking fascinating evidence about world trade from Pascal Lamy. A massive reality check for UK Govt. Hope @LiamFox will watch later #Brexit #FBPE 
So @LiamFox criticises @jeremycorbyn over wanting a Customs Union with the EU......yet on his own website he calls for one too!#ToryHypocrisy #CustomsUnion #CorbynSpeech #Brexit 
Top Government trade official says that Brexit is like 'giving up a three-course meal for a packet of crisps' and Liam Fox's call for equal access to EU trade agreements without obeying the rules is 'something for a fairy godmother - it's not going to happen'... #BrexitShambles 
I know this is a very serious issue but also it is a Brexit remix of Welcome to the Black Parade  
The Cambridge Analytica conundrum: Lean into the narrative that some of their Facebook magic caused Brexit and they'll win more business from around the world. Or just say they honestly don't have that much power and avoid the regulatory backlash but also lose clients.  
Prices of everyday goods are set to fall once Britain is out of the Customs Union and free of EU tariffs  #Brexit 
Unbelievable: SNP position is to keep all powers in Brussels, and now proposed agreement keeps current powers & extends others, SNP reject it. WM is Scotland’s Parliament as much as HR; Brexit is an opportunity to strengthen both. @ScotTories will not break the UK for the SNP. 
"The Welsh Government is to press ahead with plans for a bill it says is needed to protect devolution after Brexit"  
Brexit negotiations are on course to be "very bad indeed" for Britain, ex-minister Peter Mandelson says  
So Labour are targeting EU citizens in the Council Elections. Will Labour's message include reminding EU citizens how enthusiastic .@jeremycorbyn was to trigger Article 50? #FBPE #Brexit 
Going to have to book a day off work to individually reply to everyone in #FBPE twitter in convulsions of laughter when Anna Soubry votes for hard Brexit. 
All the slides from the EU’s internal preparation for phase 2 of the #Brexit talks. (Note - it’s slides so it’s not all dense, typed text). Find them here  
RETWEET if you still back #Brexit   
"One day we will be sitting here not talking about Brexit. It's going to be fantastic."  
Brexit is like 'giving up a three course meal for a packet of crisps', says Government 's former top trade official  
The ironic thing, for the middle class Tory vote, is that Brexit will  cripple businesses, ruining commercial and private rent systems, and leaving all those lovely towns empty and decaying in a cycle of financial erosion. Then, the government will come calling for their taxes. 
It is exactly this sort of London-centric thinking that led to Brexit.Turns out there are actually real issues outside of the capital, Boris."boris johnson"  
Leading business group backs Labour’s stance on Brexit  via @LondonEconomic 
Welsh Brexit powers bill push by ministers - BBC News  
Let's hope politicians involved in decisions on Brexit, and those commenting on it, are either listening carefully to this, or will study the transcript closely afterwards.Questions and answers go to the heart of the trade issues  
EU trade:UK taxpayers give 27 EU countries £15 billion a year to let them sell £80 billion more to us than we do to them.And to let them decide which of the 168 non-EU countries we can deal with and on what terms.This is madness.Viva Brexit! 
A timely reminder:Local elections in May and EU citizens can vote. For many of the 3m EU citizens in the UK the first time to have a voice at the ballot box since the referendum. Make your voice heard!If you aren't registered yet, you can do so here: 
Here's some of the high street savings we can make after Brexit - if Jeremy Corbyn DOESN'T become PM  
We welcome the presentation of a Continuity Bill in the Senedd to protect Welsh powers - leading the #Brexit agenda with a pioneering idea spearheaded by @steffanlewis. 
WTAF—what to say of a man who can, after pitching carrots as a Brexit selling point, compare congestion charging to the customs arrangements & political situation in Northern Ireland?@BorisJohnson isn't just a blustering muttonhead, he's an intellectually disingenuous egotist. 
EU citizens are only Brexit collateral now. It’s heartbreaking for us | Tanja Bueltmann  
"Brexit is like removing an egg from an omelette," former WTO chief Pascal Lamy tells MPs in latest food metaphor of the day. Is that the starter or instead of Martin Donnelly's packet of crisps? 
No. Don't underestimate Boris. His comment was no joke. Essentially said solution to NI border problem is for Ireland to leave the EU and rejoin the UK. This is the Brexit Ultra position. They  have been trying to undermine Irish sovereignty for a while now.  
"Brexit is like giving up a three-course meal... for the promise of a packet of crisps in the future."The head of Liam Fox's International Trade Department on giving up the Single Market & Customs Union. Please RT:  
Boris Johnson will never be free of Brexit. "He promised £350 million a week to the NHS" will be on his gravestone. 
In a year when big decisions will be made for the North on Brexit, devolution and rail investment, @AndyBurnhamGM and I are calling for a Convention of the North to help our region come together and speak with one voice.Find out more   
An army of ex-civil servants, who have dedicated their lives to public service, telling the TRUTH about Brexit, will help save this country!  
What a crass and thoughtless statement by our Foreign Secretary. Dismissing and insulting all who are worrying about how to resolve the Brexit / Irish border issue and to preserve the GFA.  
So, Corbyn makes a Brexit speech which is well received by many including the CBI. Boris Johnson says something ridiculous and all eyes are off Corbyn  & are on what Johnson says. See a pattern? 
When MPs say they respect the result of the referendum because they believe in democracyIt is not the truth, they fear the result because of the hate, fear and racism that it brought outThey all remember Jo CoxInstead of fighting fascism, they are cowering in fear from it 
Nor the Welsh Assembly. You cannot devolve areas and then Brexit and say we want them back because it’s inconvenient now.Outrageous and total lack of understanding of devolution. Dimwits...  
New post: Labour's embrace of a customs union could end the Brexit fantasy   
It might just be that I haven't had breakfast yet, but I can't find it funny. He's the Foreign Secretary; Irish border issue about to trigger Brexit crisis when draft withdrawal agreement drops tomorrow. Plus, legacy of Troubles. It's not a fucking parlour game. 
Remainers: don’t be fooled by the Corbyn ‘customs union’ move. Nothing less than rejection of Brexit will do. That’s the aim. 
#Brexit FFS Jeremy Corbyn anyone listening this dweeb. Can you imagine him as Prime Minster. The man who hates EU all his life what are you playing at. Get it through your thick skull we’re leaving Customs Union & Single Market. No one believes anything you say ok.   
At least Liam Fox has come out and said, if we were in the single market, or customs union, it would be a " total sellout ". He seems to be the only one, on this hopeless Brexit team, that gives us any positive news. At least he is straight, i can deal with that, the rest useless 
If we're serious about protecting jobs post-Brexit, we need to remain in both the Single Market and Customs Union   
Write to your MP using this link below Brexit is already damaging NHS staffing & finances.  
Wonderful well done everyone 5k sigs and we are there brilliant (:-) Petition: End the export of live farm animals after Brexit.  
Corbyn has betrayed nobody.. the referendum, was and is a complete farce he's trying to save the country. The so called referendum was completely miss sold to us, just like PPI ! How CAN we possibly accept it as truth, complete sham ! 
Central London post-Brexit  
Assuming Boris did that Today interview for a dare. Mainly because this is more comforting than thinking his answer to Brexit actually is an Oyster card. 
Brexit is already hurting our NHS. No one voted for fewer nurses, doctors, midwives... but "they are leaving at an alarming rate" We deserve the #FinalSay! 
Conservatives will be concerned about Labour attracting Tory remainers with their revised position on Brexit. It explains why they’ve been doing everything possible to put those voters off Corbyn, including ludicrously portraying him as a communist spy. Utter desperation 
Most ordinary people don't believe you.We believe there is a drive to the bottom.An offshore deregulated tax haven with an economy working for the few not the many. Prior to Brexit wages have already gone down 15%. It will get worse under the Tories!  
A foreign secretary who literally has no conception of what foreign actually means - that is what brexit has brought us to as a nation. Please, please JUST MAKE IT STOP…. #brexithaos 
On a day where “leaving a three-course meal for the promise of a packet of crisps” is the brilliant Brexit metaphor of the day...A second, brilliant, metaphor - this time for the fantasy “Brexit dividend”:  
Sir Martin Donnelly department for international trade - "Brexit is like giving up a three-course meal... for the promise of a packet of crisps in the future" In other words #Brexit is a complete and utter disaster for the UK  #StopBrexit #FBPE #r4today 
BREAKING: Home Secretary confirms the number of Syrian refugees in the UK will DOUBLE  via @Your BrexitWhy doesn’t Sir Richard Branson give them his private island????? 
BoJo the Clown keeps clowning. It's a shame he treats the peace in Northern Ireland with such flippancy and flagrant disregard. The EU' s Customs Union has facilitated peace (as intended), BoJo' s Brexit threatens peace  
This man is the lead diplomat of the UK. The Foreign Secretary. He is heavily involved in Brexit.His comments about the Irish border are both dangerous and idiotic.We need a new government. We need LAB.Change is coming!  
1/ There have been millions (probably billions) of words written about Brexit. What I like about Sir Martin Donnelly’s “trading a three course meal for a packet of crisps” speech is he makes simple points no one, to the best of my limited knowledge, has made before. 
So the remainer wail for the day is "Look at this chaos! Nobody voted for this!". I did. I voted for a return of politics of consequence. I voted to drag questions settled for forty years back out into the open. I voted for change. #Brexit 
Brexit is like 'giving up a three course dinner for a packet of crisps', says former top Government official  
Bbc News leading with Martin Donnelly warnings on economic impact of leaving the Single Market & Customs Union. Literally exact argument we had during referendum. Sir M is entitled to his view but it's hardly a surprise.Overall point is this is not economic decision but political 
It is  clear to see the UK Tory Government wants to take back devolved powers coming as a result of #Brexit Their aim is to reduce standards in order to get trade deals with the USA China & India by accepting their lower standards & impose them on ScotlandDo you accept this? 
Pages 1, 6 & 7 Of The Mail are dedicated to plastic bags today. Precisely the sort of Brexit coverage Boris Johnson favours. 
We applaud @DefraGovUK @michaelgove for putting the #environment at the heart of their post #Brexit #farming proposals - this ambition must now be backed up with funding, targets & timescales. See Link's full response here:  
Sir Martin Donnelly was Liam Fox's leading advisor.No wonder the Brexiters don't like experts!As a good rule of thumb when the vast majority of experts are warning you you're making a huge mistake, its worth believing them.Only rational route on #Brexit is an #exitfrombrexit 
1/ Brexiters portray the EU as a prison from which the UK must escape in order to trade globally. This is nonsense. The EU has far more bargaining power than the UK to increase access to the largest foreign markets. In trade deals, size counts.#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit 
When a baked bean has more rights to travel freely than a human bean (being), and we're swapping a three course meal for a packet of crisps, well then. Someone just remind me of an actual Brexit benefit?  
It's part of a long ,hidden for a while and now back, Tory tradition of denying legitimacy to Ireland. If Ireland isn't REALLY an independent state then Brexit isn't REALLY a big issue for us, it's just vapouring 2/ 
George Osborne scathing in Evening Standard editorial about the Tories' woeful response to #Corbynspeech on Brexit  
Literally unbelievable. Is this the UK solution to the Irish border issue? #Brexit  
Here's a little *game* for all the #Leavers:Go to your local supermarket.Check where your favourite products come from (incl ingredients not grown here)Now add 20% to the priceDone that?Welcome to post #Brexit Britain 
Good stuff!! Make sure you also write to your MP about the damage Brexit is already doing to our NHS. Use the link below.  
The truth behind Brexit; it makes no sense.This from the former head of Liam Fox’s department.  
Dear #TheresaMay Make Brexit your defining issue. Corbyn has made an egregious error. Now go hard on Brexit. Watch your support increase. Sense the zeitgeist. Carpe Diem. 
Telegraph: Britain's hopes of signing a post-Brexit trade deal with America would be close to “dead on arrival” if it continued to follow EU rules and joined any form of customs union, former US negotiator Warren Maruyama has warned. 
Another @UKLabour red line that this #Brexitshambles #Government is unlikely to meet. There will be no choice but to oppose the costly, damaging, job-destroying #Tory #Brexit  
A good analogy but back to front.We are being offered a stale cheese sandwich in exchange for a full menu at cheaper prices post Brexit.  
"One day we will be sitting here not talking about Brexit. It's going to be fantastic."@BorisJohnson highlighting a new Brexit trend whereby the people who caused it wish that the rest of us would stop highlighting their chuntering f*cknuggetry. 
Here's some of the high street savings we can make after Brexit - if Jeremy Corbyn DOESN'T become PM. According to experts Britain will be able to slash tariffs on everyday items such as butter if we quit the customs union.  
It’s Tuesday.And my country is still trying to reinvent the wheel. It keeps turning out square.Just abandon #Brexit.#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Jacob Rees-Mogg, once so dismissive of the poor, now seems to think that Brexit is for the benefit of the poor...not the tax dodging elite... mmmm  #StopBrexit #r4today 
Oh my god did Boris actually just say wearily ‘one day we’ll be sitting here and not talking about Brexit and it will be fantastic’? You do NOT get to be weary about this, mister. 
Mishal: “Jeremy Corbyn is now being backed by CBI and business the Tories are not the party of business any more”Boris: “i i i well well I well they’re wrong”Mishal: “But they represent over 200,000 businesses”...Boris: “One day we won’t talk about Brexit”#r4today 
Incredible that the Labour Party under Jeremy Corbyn has more credibility with business over Brexit now than the Conservatives. Underlines how corrosive this farce has become for the party - demonstrated again by Boris Johnson’s pathetic interview with #r4today 
Boris interview a real disgrace. Trying to claim Martin Donnelly only criticising Brexit because he is ‘Eurocrat’ (he was Liam Fox’s top trade official!) & likening Irish border to ‘the Camden/Islington border’ (what planet?). He simply isn’t fit for public office. 
#r4today Boris Johnson saying Jeremy Corbyn has done a U - turn on Brexit poiicy. No, that's a lie once more. #CorbynSpeech was the same as Manifesto last year. BJ goes on to say that The CBI are wrong to support staying in CU. 
Foreign Secretary says that the Camden-Islington border is a “very relevant comparison” for the current debate on the post Brexit Ireland-UK border 
Sir Martin Donnelly, ex-Head of Liam Fox's International Trade Department on Brexit, from @POLITICOEurope: 
Boris Johnson is so comically out of his depth as Foreign Secretary. Deeply unimpressive on the Syrian tragedy, banal on Brexit. #Today 
What a relief! Boris Johnson says ‘very efficient facilitation systems’ will deal with Brexit border in Ireland. Says it’s like the border between Camden & Westminster. What planet? #stopbrexit 
The Labour Party promised to implement the referendum result in their 2017 manifesto.They lied AGAIN!  
Remember when the Conservative Party used to claim to be the party of business? Now hard Brexit ideological fantasies are prioritised over our economy, jobs, living standards and the needs of UK businesses.  
FFL will be at Westminster Hall Fish Debate- One chance with Brexit to #SaveBritainsFish with discard free policy that works for all @annietrev @cmackinlay @david_duguid @DavidSimpsonDUP @KateHoeyMP @michaelgove @OwenPaterson @peter_aldous @PeterBoneUK @johnredwood @ZacGoldsmith 
So, @Conservatives and @UKLabour MPs, we’ve had nearly 2 years of this now and Brexit on every metric is proving a disaster for this country and a huge and unnecessary distraction from the issues we should be confronting. Time to abandon it and move on. 
As an EU citizen with the #Brexit gun held to my head for the last 20 months by the Tory Gov I find it pretty rich for Tory MPs to accuse @UKLabour of weaponising Brexit to win my vote.The damage is self inflicted.  
"Brexit is like giving up a three-course meal... for the promise of a packet of crisps in the future."Sir Martin Donnelly from the department for international trade says the arithmetic of Brexit just "doesn't add up" #r4today 
Business joins remainers, judges, civil servants, Parliament, experts, the EU, the Germans, leaves on the track, the wrong kind of snow and my dog (who ate it) as things responsible for Brexit going wrong.  
EU diplomat on Corbyn’s Brexit plan: ‘It sounds a lot like we’ll have a different cake and put a red cherry on it.’ Another referred to it as ‘red velvet cake-ism’. Basically it would be unlikely to go down any better in Brussels than the Government’s approach. 
Sturgeon must really hate Scotland if she plans to try & drag us through another bitter and divisive referendum, especially in the middle of Brexit. pic.twitter.com/jvctaOwfa3 
FM: “Why Labour doesn’t simply embrace a Single Market / Customs Union outcome in full is beyond me.” #brexit #r4today 
R4 Today has resumed it's heavy shelling of Brexit, wheeling on Remainer after Remainer. It as if the British people never made their democratic choice in the referendum. 
Nicola Sturgeon tells @BBCr4today she will not sign up to something that undermines devolution and no First Minister worth their salt should” - Scotland and Wales working hard to protect devolution #brexit 
Erm, no. We're not going to get a decent #Brexit deal because there is NO decent Brexit deal. Our only hope is to #StopBrexit before it's too late for the UK and for #CitizensRights. 
Corbyn SCORED Labour to  pursue “a new #CU” after #BrexitPraised by the #CBI)Praised by the #IoD#ForTheMany#JC4PM. 
Jeremy Corbyn thinks the UK's world trade deals should be run by Brussels after Brexit. For someone who claims to represent the many, he seems a little deaf to their wishes...  
Sir Martin Donnelly former civil servant to Liam Fox: In giving up the CU & SM we're exchanging a 3 course meal for a packet of crisps....I'm trying to encourage discussion of the facts.ME: There is one central FACT re. #Brexit; if we don't #StopBrexit we will be WORSE OFF! 
Nicola Sturgeon rejects latest UK government proposal in Brexit devolution row  
Good Tory Ministers listen to & back UK business. We do great trade deals as a member of #CustomsUnion. Chasing unicorn trade deals adds air miles but Governments’ own analysis show they won’t make good the damage #Brexit will do to UK economy.  
The same inept and idiotic government that thought it was a good idea to appoint miscreant Toby Young to a key university regulator role is 'negotiating' Brexit and the UK's position in the world for decades to come. Don't have nightmares 
Brexit is like "rejecting a three course meal now in favour of the promise of a packet of crisps later" Liam Fox's top official tells @BBCr4today on the day Fox warns that remaining in a customs union would be "a complete sell-out of Britain's national interests" 
Leaving Customs Union & Single Market ‘is like giving up a three course meal for the promise of a packet of crisps,’ says Sir Martin Donnelly, Liam Fox’s top trade official until recently. Sums up Brexit! 
Does anyone remember the HARD BREXIT Labour manifesto, 8 months ago? Read what it said about #Brexit:   Brexiteers must stand behind @KateHoeyMP @frankfieldteam and colleagues in their fight. 
#Brexit status report.The Tories insist we'll get unicornsLabour tell us their unicorns will poop rainbowsNeither have read @cstross' 'Equiod' 
Corbyn’s #Brexit betrayal sees the new Labour heartlands of North London put one finger up to the true Labour heartlands of the North of EnglandNo surprises there then! How long are northern, dyed-in-wool, Labour voters going to carry on sitting back and taking this?  
So....@TheGreenParty is now the only national party that will oppose both austerity and Brexit. 
Promising trade deals outside EU is a con trick. UK market of 65m can't get a better deal than EU market of 400m.What it can do is use those deals as an excuse to slash EU protections for food, environment & slash taxes for the rich. That's what Brexit is really about. #FinalSay 
BREXIT MOMENT OF TRUTH - tomorrow, when legal text of ‘full regulatory alignment’ for Ireland published. A week after DUP & Right of Tory party called for end of Good Friday Agreement, this is the Achilles heel of Brexit. 
Brexit has created chaos in Britain – nobody voted for this | Zoe Williams  
EU is about to publish a draft Brexit treaty that ignores some of Theresa May's main demands  
Two good reasons for ignoring him...a) @GOVUK  ‘s own figures show free trade deals outside #EU worth far less than existing trade b) Fox has no job if we stay in Customs UnionBrexit: Liam Fox to warn of customs union 'sell out' - BBC News  
The vast majority of us couldn’t have explained what a CU was before the referendum, so we couldn’t possibly have decided whether we wanted to belong to one. Now we are finally hearing the truth, we should have the chance to answer the right questions about Brexit 
Unite, GMB, TUC and TSSA all welcome Corbyn's Brexit shift on customs union membership  
Meanwhile, Westminster resembles the final scene of The Thing. Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn sit opposite each other in the ice tunnel, waiting for the other to turn into someone with a plan for Brexit. 
Astonishing stuff from @patrickharvie on farcical Brexit impact assessments “meet the UK Government: the people in charge of the most complex and challenging constitutional change for generations, but who cannot figure out how double sided printing works”  
Anyone who speaks of putting the poor first but doesn't want to #StopBrexit is either a liar or a fool.The only people who will do well from Brexit are the very rich and the very racist. The rest of us will just get poorer on purpose, in every sense of the word.#FinalSay 
.@jeremycorbyn is afraid to speak about Brexit, they squeal.Jeremy makes a major speech on Brexit. They ignore it. Zero credibility. Zero integrity. Zero trust. Total frauds & hypocrites.Is it any wonder people are turning their backs on newspapers?#ChangeIsComing  
You are a serial fraudster. Govts own documents state food up by 20% after brexit. All you will achieve is destroying farmers. Even now-Leg of lamb Aldi £6.99 per kgLeg of lamb Countdown cheapest shop in New Zealand £8.86 per kg(Add shipping cost for 11,500miles)  
Ha ha ha ... Project Fear#Brexit is not safe in the hands of Labour.  
Talking @jeremycorbyn sellout on Brexit which will cost Labour Fear with millions who voted to Leave 
One thing that I did hear in Jeremy Corbyn's #Brexit speech yesterday was a moment of praise for Tony Blair, making me think that the two have struck a deal ... and we know what happens to anyone who deals with Tony Blair  
Strange times when the FT front page lead is the #CorbynSpeech on #Brexit but the front page of the Guardian, once a left of centre paper, doesn't mention it. #r4today 
Today’s @theipaper column on Corbyn, Brexit and the coming Tory meltdown...  
Telling truth to the Brexit Taliban  
EU is about to publish a draft Brexit treaty that ignores some of Theresa May's main demands  
‘Anti-Brexit Bus’ tour campaign visits York #BrexitFactsBusRolling #StopBrexit 
Now that @UKLabour have been bold enough to say they will stay in the customs union, prehaps the @LibDems would be bold enough to back straight to remain. A vote for them being a vote to immediately end Brexit. 
I've spent the last three years telling anybody who stumbled within range that there would be a new Scottish independence referendum in September 2018. Nothing! David 'Snackbeard' Mundell mentions it once, and he's all over the bloody papers! #Referendum2018 
On Sunday @Harryslaststand turned 95. As one of Britain's most famous activists, @OwenJones84 @jeremycorbyn & others gave well wishes. I'm currently reading his latest book, a memoir on living through the Great Depression, WWII, rise of post-war Britain & Brexit. He's seen it all  
However they try to dress this up, the reality is the UK Government is using Brexit to try to take control of devolved powers without the agreement of the Scottish Parliament.  
One of the few highlights of Brexit unravelling - which is already happening - is knowing and seeing this fool’s deluded lifelong ambition hitting the garbage can of history  
When did common sense prevail Brian? This is a purely political ploy, each career player has their own warped agenda. If we had called the shots, Brexit would have been sorted months ago.  
If it gets awkward @DamianCollins can always ask about Nix’s favorite books (as seen on his office bookshelf from the BBC series.) Flynn’s bonkers book is right there next to Aaron Bank’s Bad Boys of Brexit.  
The cause of the brexit vote was simple: British people decided they want to be a sovereign independent self governing nation and not allow people like you to give away their birth right to an unelected EU commission #FBPE 
For the Brits, their inquiry into defense of democracy after controversies arose out of Brexit probably began with new questions about UK data protection law.  
I expect the @CommonsCMS to follow up their fake news hearing in Washington DC with another barrage of bang on questions but for SCL. Nix denies Brexit involvement (because Mercer’s interference would be illegal). Listen for interest in AggregateIQ (Canada) and the US election. 
The How to tell if you're a Brexiteer quizQuestion 8Does being a xenophobe mean a licence to be as racist as you like?Question 9Can you spell xenophobe?Question 10Did you even know the word xenophobe before the referendum, when all of a sudden you were one? 
Hannan praised Brexit for giving the UK the opportunity to have *more* immigration. Marion is far more relevant to the current American right than Danny  
So...A parallel govt in Scotland ?Is this why Mundell has been building a workforce in Edinburgh ?To administer the powers removed from Holyrood via Brexit ?Diluting Scottish power to further hobble Holyrood, the SNP and Independence  ?  
Post-Brexit farm payments to be used to help the environment  
The Tory headache that no one talks about – the 3.2m GE2017 CON voters who backed Remain at the referendum  
RT @StuartKenyon81My new dystopian vision of Brexit Britain#KU#ELEV8TINDIES #IARTG #IAN1 
Brexit represents a drastic blow to younger people and must be stopped | News | The Times  
#OTD 2002 Spike Milligan, Irish-British actor and comedian (The Goon Show, 3 Musketeers), dies of kidney failure at 83For Brexiteers in the UK who now know that the population know the real impact of Brexit and want to stop it.#StopBrexit pic.twitter.com/yUVMbQ4oEf 
Helping spread the word about NB's March 13th referendum for academics, security,infrastructure, and core facilities. Lawn signs, blue ribbons, flyers, and postcards available if you want to help. #nbvote18 
Well spotted by @paulmasonnews  Labour’s ‘Eurocentric’ distinction from Tories on Brexit means that Labour can now reasonably reject whatever deal May brings back. That is a strategic opportunity for Remainers to work on.  
I have just heard Liam Fox, ex-disgraced Tory International Trade Cabinet Secretary, say about Brexit "far from taking back control, we've just surrendered it." Exact words. May retweet in the morning when more people likely to see it.#FBPE #WATON 
Watching this govt's Brexit shenanigans is like watching the worst magic trick. The banter is rubbish, you might have expected a rabbit from a hat, but no rabbit ever appears. There's not even a hat. There's just an old fraud making a fool of himself, and embarrassing us all. 
Maintaining customs union will sell UK's Brexit short, trade minister says  
As the reality of Brexit becomes ever more apparent, and its active supporters fall away or are exposed, it becomes something we just have to do. A sullen trudge towards an outcome few still really want.It isn’t. We don’t have to do it. We can choose to stop it. We must.  
Great thread on citizens’ rights and Brexit. Lots still, outstanding, UKGov not batting for UKCitz in Europe, no plan if no deal, despite No Deal Better Than Bad Deal rhetoric, settled status not automatic.  
Scrapping EU red tape will allow your Child to earn a WAGE! Don't deprive the poorest of the benefits of #brexit Jacob Rees-Mogg for prime minister  
Scot's must understand that the status quo can't be maintained, we can no longer have the benefits of ScotGov within the Union. Brexit demands either Independence or a one nation Britian imposed by Westminster.  Murrayfield does not make us a nation, time to chose.#ScotRef #YES 
The country has been lobotomised by that referendum, and it seems anyone acting in its name is excused any amount of ignorance, stupidity and incompetence. 
The takeaway from @jeremycorbyn speech today was:1) the pressure on #Brexit is working2) but we're still not there yet with Labour LeadershipIt's the people who leave who will force a full change of heart on Labour, not those who stayLong way to go still 
Liam Fox is apparently furious that businesses - which, unlike him, are on the frontline of Brexit - back Labour’s position of staying in Customs Union with the EU.Does he not stop and wonder why that might be? No - he hits out at the businesses for not buying into his fantasy.  
You know the World has gone topsy turvy when The Financial Times gives Jeremy Corbyn the only Front Page in #TomorrowsPapersToday and it's positive!!#CorbynSpeech #CustomsUnion #Brexit #TheresaMayMustGo@Rachael_Swindon @OwenJones84 
Brexit: 94% of SMEs say the Government is ignoring their concerns about leaving the EUOf 653 businesses polled, just 41 thought ministers were listening to themThe Tories, the former party of business. #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit 
When Brexit's favourite Edwardian brainiac Jacob Rees Mogg was a young lad of 40 he used to get his ideas from the S*n. He also had to apologise for plagiarism. Ah, the errors of a youth.  
While the UK preoccupies itself with a convoluted Brexit process, Ireland is forming a new alliance to reduce the cost of life-saving medicines.To solve the health challenges of the future we need more European collaboration, not less. 
I voted to remain in 2016 but would vote leave if we had the referendum now. There are certain MPs who take us for fools and are spouting so much rubbish in a desperate attempt to reverse Brexit. It's happening. Deal with it. 
You’ve got to be kidding, mate. If you care about the NHS you’d listen to what NHS doctors & experts say... which is more like “#Brexit OR the NHS”... coz Brexit wrecks it.  
And Boris of the tribe of Brexit did no more believe the tall tales he told himself and his people, but he was sore afraid to be discovered a dissembler, and so with like dissemblers he resolved to seek solace, and thus looked he to the DUP benches  
One of the best anti-Brexit/pro-logic tweets ever  
It’s freezing! But I am out in Oxford with a red bus that says what Brexit REALLY means. Please go out and support us! #BrexitFactsBus 
The problem with #Brexit  
Some people will be disappointed by Labour's stance  but only because they haven't been listening to what IS actually going ahead. Corbyn hasn't the ability to repeal Brexit, BUT he's given us the best chance of surviving within, yet outside, the EU.#CorbynSpeech 
If a Tory government finds itself at war with the CBI, it might as well turn over the keys of Downing Street. #Brexit  
If #brexit result, hung parliament and recent libel has taught be anything its that #britain is a country without an identity.As with all old empires, it's time to give up the pomp and imperialism and accept that we are part of the world at large. 
The @Conservatives trade minister @LiamFox attacks business because the @UKLabour party is now more pro business than the Conservative party.An example of ideology over basic common sense.#FBPU#Conservatives#Labour#Brexit  
Brexit in Wonderland.  
I love the British. The whole of Europe loves the British. Coz the British are great!(Except for the 26% of the British, mostly English, who are football hooligans, nationalists, racists and Brexit diehards currently dictating British politics)No, I don't like them.#FBPE 
Labour puts jobs & the economy first. Business supports. Fox attacks. What sort of government is this that puts hard line Brexit ideology above all else?  
This will be a big news story by end of week. Ireland is the rock that will break Brexit. Or the Tories. Or both.  
BBC head to the Tory/Brexit PHDWhere some of the vessels are tied up cos they've caught their annual quota by the 2nd week Feb (bout £10m worth of fish)The greedy B'stards want to fish moreThey want you to think they're poorThey're notIf it wasn't for EU there'd be no fish  
By trying to blame @jeremycorbyn for everything, the @CONservatives have tied themselves in so many knots.They have created this mess & it’s this mess that will end them.They are in power. They are “negotiating”. Brexit belongs to them. Tories are finished. JC will be PM. 
Target man football finished. All about false nine footy nowadays. The sooner these Brexit man realise the better. 
Hilarious. Don't get me wrong. Delighted that Labour finally coming round to being part of customs union. (Single market next?) But to say 'we're bringing innovative thinking' to Brexit issues is hysterical. #slowcoaches #newsnight 
'Oh Jeremy Corbyn' chants have broken out all over EU as news of his #brexit vote winning speech reaches EU countries #skypapers #bbcpapers #Newsnight @LBC @bbc5live 
ScotNational was only Scottish media to request a response from ScotGov’s Brexit Minister to Lidington’s power grab speech? Unbelievable.  
Leave the wretched EU- we are shoring up twenty odd poor countries.We are paying for Germanys mistakes. We are betraying the referendum result. 
Here’s a graphic which tells its own story; every single Labour dominated area in E&W barring London voted leave. Every single area of SNP dominated Scotland voted stay.  The SNP more than pulled its weight in the Referendum.  
Outrageous! The EU expects UK government to honour commitments made in December. #brexit  
I’d just like to raise this with everyone:Aston Martin sales figures on a weak pound are not the saviour of Brexit Britain’s economy.I mean, I shouldn’t have to say it but...we’ll, here we are. Look around. 
This is what a true leader of a leftie party should be saying @jeremycorbyn rather than parroting John Redwood and Rees-Mogg’s Brexit dividend lies.  
Papers @SkyNews @Kevin_Maguire on @jeremycorbyn sellout on Brexit which will cost him dear with millions of Labour voters who backed Leave 
Tory Brexit by the four horseman of the apocolypse-Move from trade with EU-Tariffs for goods in & out-Increased costs-Removal of work & human rights-Loss of industrial base-Loss of jobs-Sale of NHS to US health-Lower food standardsToxic Tory Brexit  
I have been predicting a General Election in April or May 2018 since shortly after the GE in 2017.It is looking increasingly likely IMO.May is running out of road and enough Tories care more about their version of Brexit than they do about keeping her - & the Tories - in power 
Sorry to be rude but this is truly moronic.  Can we deal with Brexit first before embarking on the next bit of your adventure into isolationism, viz trying to remove us from the Council of Europe too?  All such a tragic waste of energy when there is so much to be done.  
Jeremy Corbyn's Brexit plan hasn't gone down well in Labour's heartlands say @DailyMirror  Not much of a surprise there then 
Sir Patrick  Stewart delivering  the anti Brexit  today  in Oxford  . True  legend  
Spoke to an English neighbour here in France. Turns out they voted for #Brexit. The reason 'well it'll stir things up a bit in the UK'Walked away..... 
Delighted to take part in a #Brexit event for @Maryhill_SNP & Glasgow Regional Association. Great turnout , local MSP @BobDorisSNP to the fore along with local Cllr’s & very adroitly chaired by my old friend Joe Farrell.  Good to see  @AnneMcLaughlin there too. 
Tories are using Brexit to get rid of human rights, warns Amnesty  
Most depressing thing I did at the weekend was provide an alert to StreetLink that there were *TWELVE* people sleeping rough outside a single shop (sheltered facade) on Tottenham Ct Rd. It shames us that people are having to live like this. Meanwhile the gov bickers about Brexit  
Today marks a big advance towards a referendum, because there is now unlikely to be a parliamentary majority for Mrs May’s Brexit treaty without one  
Jeremy Corbyn can lie & say he respects the brexit vote as many times as he likes but the public see through him.He does not respect the vote he does not respect UK democracy & he does not respect the British people. Being in a customs union is incompatible with Brexit rt 
Luxury carmaker Aston Martin is applying to have a new model licensed by a regulator in the European Union rather than Britain due to uncertainty over vehicle rules after Brexit.  
Labour loyalists: overlook that your hated Kuenssberg is reporting this, it's still true.If this nonsense is nonsense when Tories say it, it's also nonsense when Corbyn says it.Stop being tribal. Follow logic. Brexit is a catastrophe, even if delivered by the "nice guys".  
Excellent piece. My view on extension is that EU27 would be open to agreeing one if it were for a democratic process (in Parliament, a GE, or a referendum on the agreement), but not just because UKGov screwed up the negotiations and need more time.  
This by @johnharris1969 on liberals sneering at people who voted for Brexit is brilliant.  
Nobody wants a hard Irish border – but it suits Brussels and other factions to make it difficult  #Brexit 
Are you any clearer yet what either UK party wants out of #brexit      ?  ?  ?  
Thank you The National. An SNP MP just summed up Corbyn's Brexit speech perfectly in one tweet  
#Breaking Labour front bench just confirm/admit in Commons that "A customs union is in all essence THE Customs Union of the EU" #Brexit 
No, we didn’t vote for Brexit because we’re stupid and racist. We voted for Brexit because we believe people should have democratic control over the laws they are expected to live by. As someone who has never been elected by anyone, you wouldn’t understand.  
Just over 9,000 signatures needed. Almost there, before they HAVE to debate! Plse RT!       Petition: Parliament's vote on the Brexit deal must include an option to remain in the EU.  
What a pity that the Ulsterwoman Labour politician @KateHoeyMP is not leading the Brexit negotiations, writes Chris Moncrieff in his weekly Westminster column 
The BBC main story on Corbyn's Brexit speech has over 7000 comments. It's not a pretty picture for Labour. The top 4 rated comments: 
Trump called to congratulate Erdogan when he rigged a referendum to dismantle democracy in Turkey. Now the White House doesn't even object as Xi aims to consolidate power and become a (softer) Mao-like figure who oppresses China's people indefinitely.  
Red Brexit cake is rubbish. Blue Brexit cake is rubbish. I don’t want Brexit cake. I want to #StopBrexit & #Remain . #FBPE #WATON 
Corbyn's shift on customs union and Irish insistence on a UK guarantee of no border whatever the outcome of negotiations with EU is a pincer movement on the position of Theresa May and the hard Brexit cheerleaders in her cabinet.  
No 'code' here Caroline. We're making a transparent case for a change in Labour policy, returning to the position of the last 40+ years, with Labour supporting full membership of the EU & earning a mandate through an election or #FinalSay referendum. Look forward to the debate!  
How many more reality checks do ppl need B4 they realise #Brexit's a crock of ordure?! It can't be made to work in the UK's interest neither the Tory/ERG version or the Labour fudge will deliver a BETTER deal than the one we already have. #FinalSay 2018 & a chance 2 #StopBrexit 
brexit is the most embarrassing thing to happen to the UK since the inexplicable popularity of jeans advert puppet flat eric nodding along to flat beat by mr oizo 
Now let me get this right.  Dicky is Scottish @scottishlabour leader.  Scotland voted to remain in the EU.  Dicky supports #Brexit.  So he doesn't actually respect the result of the referendum his constituents and all of Scotland produced.    
Morten Morland on having your Brexit cake and eating it - political cartoon gallery in Putney  
I genuinely think a lot of Indy supporting Brexit voters are there because they feel the EU let us down during indyref. Ironically despite Leave arguments they have rules against interfering in members internal affairs. A strong statement from EU on Scottish membership would help 
The Confederation of British Industry (CBI) representing 190,000 UK businesses:On Tory Brexit: "Unworkable", "Costly", "Flawed", "Impossible".On Labour Brexit: "Putting jobs and living standards first". 
The Conservatives are not getting my vote in May. Labour are not getting my vote in May. No way. I pledge that I will never vote for any party that supports Brexit. If you believe in staying in the EU please do the same. #StopBrexit #ABTV #FBPE #WATON 
I can't forget it was Labour's George Cunningham who imposed the 40% rule on the 1978 referendum and kept our parliament from us for another 20 years.  
High Wycombe today with the big red bus brexit #Isitworthit ? Nah of course not. #fbpe #abtv #waton 
I swear Brexit voters think that once we’ve enacted tough EU immigration rules, they won’t be reciprocated and we’ll still be able to waltz in and out of the EU as we please because we’re British, damnit. 
Fuck Brexit. Fuck the lying, scheming, conniving, duplicitous fuckers fucking with my country & my childrens' futures. Fuck 'a' customs union, I want 'the' customs union. Fuck the 'will of the fucking people' Fuck Brexit fuck it some more then fuck it some more until it's fucked 
Corbyn’s betrayal of both #brexit and #uklabour working class support. LP now the party of the bosses. 
I don't know about any of you but I find it enormously touching how, despite his aristocratic inheritance, the state hand-outs towards the upkeep of his home and the likelihood of a huge post-brexit hike in his personal wealth, Rees-Mogg is still considerate towards the commoners 
The Customs Union is a central component of the EU. It is the creation of EU treaties; it is coded into the dead bureaucratic heart of the Brussels machine. In rejecting the EU, we rejected the Customs Union, it’s as simple as that. #Brexit 
Tory Brextremists like to peddle the idea that the EU impedes free trade. This is nonsense! 1. The EU is the world's greatest free trade area.2. The EU has the power to make great trade deals.3.  Free trade is now more about NTBs far more than tariffs.#StopBrexit #Brexit #  
This tweet  by @davidallengreen reminded me of some of the old slides I used to use to teach EU negotiation at the (now defunct) National School of Government. All from 2006-2010.Even feat. Winnie the Pooh!#Brexit  
Ah, David Lidington, the man whose place in history is assured as Minister for Europe he misled the nation over Amendment 16, which called for the introduction of a threshold to the EU Referendum, only to tell the house it wasn't needed as the Referendum was advisory only!!!!  
Yeah, but, what the hell is Brexit though? No, honestly what IS it?  @TheDailyMash @MrNishKumar 
Often when I do a stall I get couples coming up & the girl will sign our petition or whatever, & she'll tell her boyfriend to do the same, to which he'll say "it's nothing to do with me". Lads it's everything to do with ye, your apathy will cost us the referendum #repealthe8th  
Pundits say there's a 40% chance Brexit will be reversed and a 40% chance Apple buys Netflix. The beauty of these calls? They'll never be wrong  
Not the prettiest Venn diagram, but this is my attempt to show the substructure of the politics of Brexit  
Met senior French Govt Ministers in Paris today with @eurelationsappg. @ChukaUmunna And again the message is clear. We have 3 #Brexit options        1. no deal                                  2. Canada type FTA              3. EFTA/EEA & #CustomsUnion 
Baloney. @jeremycorbyn has been a full fat anti EU socialist #Brexiteer all his political life. His skinny #Brexit is a cynical ploy to appeal to his younger supporters who are waking up to the fact he is not going to deliver #Remain or even a semi skimmed Brexit  
Column on Labour's Brexit journey It's still cherry-picking when you pick cherries from the left of the tree.  
Almost 300 have turned up to listen to Minister for Brexit, Mike Russell.  
Something I'm hearing from people working on stalls is that some men are planning on not voting in the referendum because they don't think they should have a say in what happens to a woman's body  
Just back from Edinburgh where interviewed  @NicolaSturgeon about Brexit for tomorrow’s @BBCr4today (She very generously didn’t mention the rugby ) 
George Osborne admits Labour now has a more business friendly policy on Brexit than the Tories  via @psbook 
Labour respects the result of the EU referendum but we will not support any Tory deal that would do lasting damage to our economy. Jeremy's speech today makes it clear Labour's priorities with Brexit and any future trade deals are growth, jobs and people’s living standards. 
Corbyn insists that  post Brexit we must still keep immigration levels close to what they currently are. Labour = the party of immigration without limit. 
Jacob Rees-Mogg said Mr. Corbyn wants to deny the poor of the benefits of Brexit, this from the man who voted for the bedroom tax, cuts to ESA, tax credits, etc, you couldn't make it up, him, his pals and his party have made life hell for the poor, so shut it Rees-Mogg #ToriesOut 
'What's your evidence?' BBC host dismantles MP's claim Labour Brexit stance is 'stronger'  
OK, Tusk. You think the UK’s Brexit stance is “an illusion”. So let’s go forward without a deal.  See how that plays out in Stuttgart & Munich. 
Percentage DROP in number of EU nurses coming to UK since #Brexit:96%Actually, that needs repeating:96% 
Very useful guide to where we now stand with Labour and Tory policy. @Plaid_Cymru currently on Soft Brexit Norway tier  
Brexit voters wanted a better NHS: Brexit cuts off its doctorsBrexit voters wanted to re-balance the country: North-East will be the worst offBrexit voters wanted to curb globalisation: They got Global BritainPutting conditions on Brexit IS supporting Brexit voters 
Labour thinks it can take the votes of the 3.5m Labour Brexit votes for granted, assuming they are too thick to realise seeking a Customs Union with the EU is an effective return to the EU they voted to Leave! 
When A Democracy Refuses To Implement The Result Of it's Own Democratic Voting System It “Ceases To Be A Democracy”#Brexit #UKIP 
Is Jeremy Corbyn supporting or betraying the Brexit vote by backing a UK-EU customs union? @Nigel_Farage is live 
Nigel Farage - "It’s perfectly clear. The nonsense about trade. Governments don’t negotiate trade deals. The European Commission negotiates trade deals. “If you are part of a customs union, you will not be involved in that." #Brexit  
Seeking ANY form of Customs Union with the EU post Brexit means that a/ We hand over control of tariffs with the rest of the world to Brussels and b/We cannot strike trade deals with the rest of the world. Terrible anti Brexit idea 
On days like this,it’s important to remember Brexit’s an entirely self-inflicted wound.We were a perfectly healthy little country beforehand 
Do you not remember when he refused to sit down with the other parties for a 'soft brexit summit' and was empty chaired by them? Really? You don't remember? Let me help you out.  
Julia Hartley-Brewer - "I remember people voting 52% for Leave having been told from pretty much everybody in a position of authority that it was going to be an absolute economic disaster." #Brexit  
Despite Remain claiming that recent polls show them to now be in front of leave, the fact is since the referendum regular polls show that Leave have never lost their lead. Beware fake news and fake news polls. 
Rampant fake news from desperate Tories flying around so to clarify: 1. Labour respects Referendum result & commits to a #PeoplesBrexit for the many. 2. Labour's position on retaining benefits of Customs Union was set out in GE17 Manifesto & is unchanged: 
Jeremy Corbyn says he will not back a Tory #Brexit deal that will do lasting damage to the economy. If that is true then he does not support Brexit.#FBPE#Corbyn#StopBrexit 
Brendan O'Neil: Labour's betrayal of Brexit is a betrayal of the working classes, a betrayal of the idea that ordinary people, whatever their station, whatever their wealth, whatever their educational achievement, should democratically decide the fate of the nation.  
Not sure I agree with that last line.JC said meaningful vote on final deal. Labour has defined "meaningful vote" as can't be against "no deal". JC said Labour will not support deal that does lasting damage. Thus Labour set up path to block Brexit, if they wish, at the time.  
Here's what @simoncoveney told me about the draft #Brexit treaty to be published on Wednesday, as he left a meeting with @MichelBarnier (warning: it's complicated but important and I'm afraid you'll have to know what options A, B and C are). 
Where Newsthump actually does news and not satire about #Brexit!  
DO THIS. And you will NEVER Recover from the backlash You’ll receive House Of Lords days are numbered 
I haven't heard the Corbyn speech yet, these are my guesses:1. 'a' instead of 'the' ( which we know won't happen)2. No opposition to BrexitLabour gets my vote when they oppose the #UKIPgovernment, as I expect them to do and not before.#StopBrexit #WeAreTheOppositionNow 
Labour's Policy On Brexit...#CorbynSpeech #LabourFail #CorbynTheCynical 
There is no betrayal, in fact, no change at all. Labour's position on retaining the benefits of a Customs Union was laid out in our GE2017 Manifesto & remains unchanged. Labour respects the Referendum result & will work for a #PeoplesBrexit for the many: 
Media ask Corbyn: "Do you see an opportunity to shape Brexit? or to ship out Theresa May?"Jeremy Corbyn: "I like your BLUE sweater, it's very nice!"#CorbynSpeech #MWC18 #PMQs 
'Corbyn may not be banging the drum for Remain, but his historic cowardice has been a boon to anti-Brexit. This is his great betrayal.' Tom Slater for Spiked Online  
What we learned today from Jeremy Corbyn's Brexit speech is very simple, that Labour really is a Government in waiting, that Jeremy Corbyn WILL be our next Prime Minister, that hope exists  
Dear @theresa_may & fellow nasty @CONservatives, Attacking @jeremycorbyn won’t solve your internal divisions and/or your #Brexit problems.But please do keep it up. It will help ensure a bigger majority for the @UKLabour party at the next General Election. #CorbynSpeech  
If you're part of the #FBPE crew and you're complaining about Corbyn's stance on Brexit, you have no idea how politics works. In order to defeat the likes of Jacob Rees-Mogg and Nadine Dorries, Labour have to give Tory "rebels" a vote they can support. 
All Corbyn cares about is getting into powerHe will stop Brexit by trying to bring down the Conservative party Doesn’t care for Democracy If I have too I will vote conservative just to keep that TOSSER OUT OF OFFICE Something I don’t like too do 
Jeremy Corbyn: I campaigned to ‘remain and reform’ in the EU referendum campaign.And I am not anti-European at all, I want to see close and progressive cooperation with the whole of Europe after Brexit.#PCPEU #WATON #ABTV #FBPE #CorbynSpeech 
I am an Englishman in his sixties and living in Scotland - where no area voted for Brexit.  In an ideal world, Brexit could force independence and staying in the EU.  Support #indyref2 ! 
"The EU will now do everything it can to swamp UK with thousands of migrants to leave us with a massive problem post Brexit"That is why it is madness to have a TWO YEAR transition period during which the doors will remain wide open.We need to walk away now.Trade on WTO terms.  
And I'll tell you for nothing, the British are among the most disengaged, apathetic and ignorant of all EU citizens about the EU. Brexit is a catastrophic failure of education.The real revelation of the referendum was the horrifying breadth and depth of ignorance in Parliament. 
In NHS England, EU nationals make up 10% of doctors, 7% of nurses & 5% of scientific, therapeutic & technical staff. #Brexit is already impacting the #NHS so why is no one talking about it? Take 2 mins to write to your MP   
"Bit by Bit, piece by piece, a clearer view on #brexit if Jeremy Corbyn was (sic) in charge." Laura Kuenssberg.Could BBC News BE any more biased? 
now imagine how that would have gone over with just about everyone if that was me saying “Can you be our Prime Minister for the rest of eternity?” to Theresa May, as oppose to - you know - an actual question on Brexit   
Corbyn is a snake. He cannot be trusted on anything. His cynical betrayal on Brexit demonstrates that he will sell out on any principle for political gain.  
True Brexit and no customs union means cheaper food and clothes. What Corbyn has done today is a complete betrayal of those on the lowest incomes.  
I think all Corbyn managed to achieve today is to prove he’s just another clueless Brexit fantasist. 
‘We want FREEDOM’ - Theresa May rejects Corbyn’s soft Brexit plan to stay in customs union. Soft Brexit is Not Leaving!  
Such potential. So much talent. Incredible geographic reach. Huge ingenuity. Great industrial prowess. World-beating services provision. The UK has nothing to fear and everything to gain from Brexit.All we need now is for the government to get on with its mandate and deliver it 
Pleased to welcome @simoncoveney to the @Europarl_EN again. EU solidarity with Ireland remains steadfast. The legal text of the #Brexit withdrawal treaty must honor the commitments made in December  & ensure any hardening of the border on the island of Ireland is avoided.  
There are no benefits of Brexit for the poorest in society.  
We were the leading G7 and EU nation for growth prior to the referendum now we're bottom, that is a fact. Feel free to do your own homework. 
The peerless @StevePeers on Corbyn's Brexit speech  
The uncharitable may say that Corbyn’s Brexit is like offering an Elastoplast to a man who’s had his arm chopped off. But I think we should be grateful that he’s given us space between Labour and the Tories to debate the specifics of what the U.K. really needs and why 
#BrexitFactsBusRolling Sir Patrick Stewart came to Oxford with the Brexit truth bus and moved, heartened and inspired a big crowd on a cold day.  We will #StopBrexit.  Thnk you too @LaylaMoran our star Remainer MP. 
My @FT Brexit post in summaryUK needs transition arrangementsIf no withdrawal agreement in time, no transition arrangementsUK could ask for extension, may be refusedIf no extension and no withdrawal agreement then ultimate decision: hardest of chaotic Brexits, or revoke 
Well after today news, there's only one party I'll definitely be voting for in May. They are anti brexit and up for a fight #fbpe #waton 
Now the fog has lifted, the UK’s post-Brexit future looks bright  
Jeremy Corbyn: If the Government is defeated in a vote on the final Brexit deal, it has two choices: negotiate a new deal or call a general election #marr  #CorbynSpeech 
Jeremy Corbyn should know that we needed a hard border 30 years ago to stop semtex not powdered milk. I want to see a sensible Brexit, a frictionless border with RoI and no new border in the Irish Sea between NI and GB. #corbynflip 
'What's Plan B? To keep negotiating until we get Plan A' - @jeremycorbyn tells @bbclaurak how @UKLabour would handle Brexit  
Now that British businesses have endorsed and backed Corbyn's Brexit plan, its time for Theresa May to call another General Election and give way to Jeremy Corbyn to govern and protect our jobs.  #CorbynSpeech 
Boris Johnson is absolutely right to criticise Labour's BETRAYAL of Brexit. 
Tory Brexiteer @BorisJohnson  RAGES at Treacherous Labour Leader @jeremycorbyn 's Brexit plan and warns UK would be 'EU COLONY' under Labour  
Very good meeting with @MichelBarnier today, focusing on #Brexit legal text of draft Withdrawal Agreement to be published on Wednesday - we are of the one mind, translating the political commitments of December into legal text - no more, no less.  
The government has admitted that Brexit spending is due to spiral, while our public services are suffering. #LeaveWatch 
The Conservatives will use the opportunities of Brexit to lead a race to the top on regulations, workers' rights and wages. Labour would make that impossible by throwing away control:  
Quite a few peers sticking the boot in to Brexit Minister Lord Callanan - but Lord Patten urges sympathy with him as "I don't think anyone in the govt has the faintest idea what we're going to do" 
The UK needs to be able to express an opinion on the final deal for Brexit - and that must include the option of staying in the EU. #StopBrexit 
What the hell is Labour's Brexit policy part #13,684  
When leading business figures, like the CBI, are backing Corbyn's Brexit position, the lunatic socialist who wants to raise corporation tax and nationalise everything, you know the wheels are falling off the Tory bus. 
Following the Crumbling #CorbynSpeechLabour's Shadow Brexit SecretaryKeir Starmer:Corbyn is strong on BrexitKeir Starmer 2016:Corbyn is so clueless on Brexit, I resigned from Labour frontbenchLabour:Putting Politics Before People... Again.#YouCantTrustLabour 
Politically, Corbyn has played a blinder.He followed Napoleon's advice about not interrupting your enemy when they make a mistake.And THEN - when the time is right - he presents a decent, sensible plan and brutally exposes the Tory dire and destructive vacuum on #Brexit 
Farage et al will cry betrayal whatever happens:Hard Brexit: economy collapses; “if only they’d listened to me on immigration”Soft Brexit: “not a real Brexit; you’re poorer because they didn’t listen to me”No Brexit: “we’d be doing so much better if they’d listened to me” 
BREXIT CHAOS: Aston Martin seeks green light for new car in EU not UK due to Brexit uncertainty / #EU #Brexit  
Brendan O’Neill on why keeping Britain in a Customs Union is absolutely a betrayal of Brexit: 
Hilarious that Scottish unionists are ina panic for their beloved union,while 80% of English brexit voters are happy to see scots go if it means they get their brexit 
Corbyn lays it on the line:Either Tory Gov't negotiates a #Brexit deal that UK Parliament is happy with, or if Tories cannot negotiate a better deal then Tories must call a General Election.#CorbynSpeech is good4 #CBI , Business& protecting Public rights 
Oof. @davidallengreen not pulling any punches in the FT. Starting to look possible that Brexit may get cancelled, not by act of the Remainers but by failings of the Leavers. 
I guarantee there isn't a single person who still wants Brexit for any reason other than feeling that they won something, however pointless and toxic. 
Brexit - Corbyn Style - is this really what the country voted for Jeremy?> TO LEAVE ALL UK TRADE DEALS IN THE HANDS OF THE EU AFTER BREXIT> SIGN UP TO CUSTOMS UNION> ACCEPT UNLIMITED IMMIGRATION> MAKE MASSIVE ONGOING PAYMENTS TO THE EU> TAKE EU JURISDICTION OVER UK LAW 
Labour will respect public vote 2leave the EU, but will not allow Tories 2 use Brexit to dump consumer,worker &human rights, nor to lose jobs & trade,nor to create a low wage economy& turn UK into a Tax Haven where only the few benefit:#fairtrade 4 Corbyn 
I couldn't believe it during the Referendum when we were campaigning to Remain against Labour activists.Ever since then, I've said over and over that Corbyn will be the reason Brexit will happen.Because if ANYONE else were leading Labour, Brexit would already be dead.  
Everything Corbyn said in his speech was an argument for remaining. The only argument he had for leaving was the "will of the people". So ... less than 1.3 million (probably non-Labour) voters in an advisory, gerrymandered referendum is enough to dictate Labour policy on Brexit.  
Jeremy Corbyn announces plan to make post-Brexit relationship with EU “wholly tariff free", or WTF, for short. 
Today @jeremycorbyn took the first step towards a complete Labour sell-out on Brexit.  
Also interesting double-think to reject economic forecasts as inherently flawed when they look bad for Brexit, while basing their entire economic argument on forecasts for trade outside the EU  
The Confederation of Business Industry (CBI) has backed Corbyn's position on Brexit saying it was a "real word solution" that "will help grow trade without accepting freedom of movement or payments to the EU." 
BBC Declares Populism Can Be ‘Truly Terrifying’, Cites Brexit and Trump   
For first time, post Corbyn speech, it is possible to say with a degree of confidence that Lab proposes to sell-out Brexit significantly more than the Govt is doing already. 
Labour Brexiteer Frank Field accused @JeremyCorbyn of setting out demands that are “impossible to deliver”, saying the EU would never accept the proposal. #Brexit#CorbynSpeech #LabourFail 
LAB voters split from latest YouGov Brexit tracker  
Updated YouGov Brexit tracker trend chart based on monthly average "Leave right" lead  
Imagine using the Brexit referendum to further your political career, eh, Boris?  
We already know that #Brexit will not provide £350 million a week for the chronically underfunded #NHS, and that it is hurting the economy, but a lack of progress in negotiations could also have devastating health impacts. 
He keeps rabbiting on about how much cheaper food (chlorinated chicken, etc), clothing & footwear (sweatshop made no doubt) will be for the poorest in his (dystopian disaster capitalist) hard Brexit - nothing else. Corbyn cares #ForTheMany Mogg doesn't #NastyParty #ToriesOut2018 
Corbyn's Brexit sounds a bit like an obscure countryside landmark that's almost impossible to find. This is not meant to be a metaphor. 
Corbyn demands neither hard nor soft but a Fantasy Brexit, says UKIP Leader Gerard Batten.#ForTheNation 
.@JeremyCorbyn June 2017: *sacks 3 Labour front benchers for voting to remain in the EU #CustomsUnion*@JeremyCorbyn Feb 2018: Labour will keep the UK inside the #CustomsUnion@JeremyCorbyn: I’ve been consistent on #Brexit#CorbynSpeech#TheCorbynCon 
It’s childish adbsurd and evil not to share the details of what Brexit is. What is it? What can you do to get it done? What can you not do? Where are it’s boundaries? What is reasonable to get it done? What would be going too far? 
It is against the national interest to know what our Brexit will be likeAlso, there is an overwhelming mandate for itBut you don’t know what it isAnd you can’t Even now.And you can’t have known when you voted eitherBut it’s definitely got consentWhatever it is  
The Spanish Government admits to the court that the 1st October Catalan referendum cost 0 euros to taxpayers. ZERO EUROS.Now compare that with the 83M spend by Madrid in wages to the policemen who repressed the people trying to vote.  
Now over 90,000 signatures, well done everyone! Just 10k to go - as usual, let's RT like crazy!Petition: Parliament's vote on the Brexit deal must include an option to remain in the EU.  
The next time @JeremyCorbyn tries to claim ‘consistency’ over #Brexit, just remind him of this..Corbyn fires Labour MPs over #QueensSpeech vote to remain in the #CustomsUnionThis move didn’t age well. #CorbynsSpeech#TheCorbynCon#LabourFail 
The only way I can see that Brexit could be stopped is the government falls and the subsequent general election results indicate that UK voters have changed their position. If you want that then attacking @jeremycorbyn for not being Father Christmas doesn't help 
Food-based Brexit analogies coming thick and fast today. Michael Chessum, of Labour Free Movement: "If we have a Customs Union but no free movement, a tin of beans will have more right to freely cross a border than a person." Er, quite. 
If you like our podcast you might also enjoy* @ottocrat and @guitarmoog’s excellent Brexit show CAKEWATCH (* = “be driven into a blind rage by”). Includes the official Best Brexit Tweet Ever.   
The top priority is to say that the public should get a vote on the Brexit deal. Pushing for this is more important even than getting the Labour leader to support staying in the single market. It’s a more feasible objective too.  
Short term memory? Corbyn sacked three pro-European rebels from his front bench, after 49 Labour MPs defied his instructions and backed a motion calling for Britain to stay in the single market and customs union after Brexit. 
Corbyn rules out a second referendum Corbyn rules out remaining in the single marketCorbyn just wants power at all costsRemainers should take their votes elsewhere  
Here’s a taste of the unbelievable nonsense coming from Whitehall on EU Defence.Civil Service paints Brexit as an inconvenience instead of instruction from the British people.The ideas mentioned would see the UK locked into EU defence rules, policies + structures indefinitely.  
I'm sure anyone who voted Labour in a hope that they would be the party to successfully deliver Brexit would be seriously kicking themselves right now... 
Jeremy Corbyn: We want a close and cooperative relationship with the whole of Europe after Brexit.We are internationalists. We know that our interests are bound up with millions of others across the world.#PCPEU #WATON #ABTV #FBPE #CorbynSpeech 
I will be speaking at a public rally in Loughborough Market Square, on 10th March from 12noon showing support for Brexit is stronger than ever. No watering down of the peoples will. @LboroNO2EU 
BFE: Featured in the SMR Show on March 1st, the actor, writer, comedian and author @Tony_Robinson speaks to us about his views on Brexit! The full interview will be broadcast from March 5th, but if you can't wait till then, don't miss out on Episode 18 of your Pro-EU Radio Show!  
At a time when fake news is clouding an already murky world view - blighted by Brexit & Trump’s antics - this is unacceptable and frankly pathetic from our Govt.  
“Canada plus plus plus” is a figment of David Davis’ imagination. The Government needs to be honest with the British people, take its head out of the sand and stop wasting time when the clock is ticking on this Brexit process. Their handling of it is deeply embarrassing. /3 
Jeremy Corbyn's policy to water down Brexit is an insult to Labour's Leave voters. 
Corbyn wants to ensure no tariffs in or out for our goods. Corbyn wants to protect our industries & hence protect jobs.A hard Brexit will ensure tariffs, job losses and higher costs goods. The CBI, unions and industry don't want a hard Brexit. They are backing Corbyn's Brexit!  
Brexit can be stopped. You can stop it. This process started with a referendum, let’s end it with one #BrexitFactsBus @vincecable 
AS OPPOSED TO WHAT?: BBC Declares Populism Can Be 'Truly Terrifying', Cites Brexit and Trump  via @BreitbartNews 
There is now a clear choice.A LAB Brexit with a Customs Union to ensure tariff free trade with the EU & protect the Irish border & Good Friday Agreement. This will protect jobs.OR a Tory hard Brexit with the UK leaving the Customs Union risking economic disaster.  
English Brexit voters-- if  we need to dump scots to get brexit, dump themWestminster-- we need their resourcesEnglish Brxit voters-- but you have told us for decades that we subsidise them?Westminster-- LOOK a squirrell is shitting on my clown shoes 
Jeremy Corbyn has been captured by the middle-class anti-Brexit set – and he has now turned Labour against the working class, says Brendan O'Neill  
Why does Soubry defy her own Prime Minister, her Brexit negotiators and her own constituency majority? How undemocratic can you get? What's the point of being voted into office in your local area and then just doing your own thing? Let's all vote for ourselves too. What fun.  
After Labour set out its Post-Brexit vision today -  - & set itself apart from Theresa May’s stance, who would you vote for in the next election? 
Government ministers are currently arguing that the stated Government position in Parliament six weeks ago - ie “whether we have a form of customs union.. is subject to negotiation” is now a betrayal of the referendum...  
Boris- lies on busses- had his pro-remain article ready to go two days before backing brexit- would do literally fucking anything to further his own career- calling Corbyn cynical for trying to shift towards a (slightly) less-economically suicidal version of brexit  
Jeremy Corbyn: Labour will give the NHS the resources it needs, because we will raise tax on the top 5% and big business, those with the broadest shoulders to pay. And we will use funds returned from Brussels after Brexit to invest in our public services.#CorbynSpeech #pmqs 
Statement from @Feorlean on @DLidington Brexit speech: “The UK Government’s whole approach to Brexit to date makes a mockery of claims of a partnership of equals”  
James O'Brien Labels Corbyn's Brexit Vision A "Different-Flavoured Porridge Of Nonsense" - LBC @LBC  
The only ones who “ gave” Scotland its Parliament were the Scottish people in a Referendum. The only people who can remove those powers are the Scottish people. It is for all the politicians in the Scottish Parliament to defend that settlement. No ifs, no buts!  
#BREXIT: Think the #UK would suffer without a deal with the #EU? Think again! Take a look at the #facts! #Nodeal   #BBC #SKY @LBC #LBC @ConHome @UKLabour @jeremycorbyn #LabourParty @CCHQPress #Tory @Conservatives #ConservativeParty @theresa_may 
The only position Labour should be adopting on Brexit is a second referendum on the outcome of the negotiations. Everything else is blather. 
Latest Brexit tracker LAB votersBrexit right 25%Brexit wrong 69% 
Russell: We’ll bring in our own laws to protect Scotland from Hard Brexit  #Referendum2018 
 What Jeremy Corbyn didn't mention today: Labour's position on Brexit still risks jobs. Here's what you need to know.  
.@jeremycorbyn tells @Peston that if the Government is defeated in a vote on the final Brexit deal, it has two choices: negotiate a new deal or call a general election  
I've never been in favour of Brexit but if we are to have some kind of Brexit then I'd rather have thoughtful, decent and coherent @jeremycorbyn and @Keir_Starmer negotiating than flaky Theresa May, who goes from empty soundbite to empty soundbite.  #CorbynNailedIt pic.twitter.com/zItHaO8eZG 
Reading through Corbyn speech full text now, as I'm prepping a video chat on it.I gotta say, just hit the line "Labour wants a Brexit for all our people"- and gagged. Just like when I heard him say it. Labour voters don't "want a Brexit" - phrased like its a gift to people. WTF 
Unite welcomes Corbyn’s commitment to membership of customs union and free movement reform: my response to @jeremycorbyn's excellent #Brexit speech in full. @unitetheunion 
And @jeremycorbyn tells me if government loses parliamentary vote on whatever Brexit deal it may negotiate, it should either go back to Brussels and negotiate a new deal, or call a general election - rather than put its deal to another referendum 
Speaking on @SkyNews @VinceCable warns that Corbyn has now moved on to a "have cake and eat it+++" plan for Brexit  
Soft brexit will not unify the UK. It will result in the dissolution of the Union. Ultimately any brexit will destroy the country. There is no evidence of a majority for some unicorn lite option. 
BREXIT: Winter Olympics - Billy Morgan carries EU flag instead of Union Jack at closing ceremony  /#EU #Brexit  
Jeremy Corbyn: We are now 20 months on from the referendum. But the country is still in the dark about the Tory Brexit.The Foreign Secretary says it will be “a liberal Brexit”, the Prime Minister says it will be a “red white and blue Brexit”#CorbynSpeech #MondayMotivation 
I think we need a miracle now to stop Brexit. The Opposition are not going to do it. The Gov are not going to do it. The Lords can delay but ultimately not stop it. It’s so sad that at the hour of our greatest need we had such cowardly and stupid people in charge. 
sources telling me that on the stroke of midnight on Brexit Day all the Frankie & Benny’s’ in Britain will be turned into pie and mash shops. 
Some fascinating stuff in Jeremy Corbyn’s speech today. For example:#1: Labour nicking Vote Leave’s message about using Brexit to increase NHS funding. How on earth did the Tories let this happen? One of May’s biggest mistake not to honour £350m ref pledge.  
The increasing belligerent tone from the UK Tories that ‘Scotland should just do as we say’ on Brexit is becoming a bit alarming. 
sometimes in politics you reach a stage where you have to pick a side, after the #CorbynSpeech I've picked mine, it's not perfect but @UKLabour policy on Brexit is the best we are going to get imho, so that's my decision politically going forwards. 
'@Michael_Heaver: 'Labour's Brexit betrayal is about one thing: bringing down the government.'  
#Brexit: “Corbyn's call for new customs union praised by UK business”  
The referendum split the country and so no politician can please everyone. Corbyn's shift will annoy some, but it is the first sane noise the EU has heard from the UK on Brexit. He didn't promise unicorns and rainbows but was realistic and positive.  #CorbynNailedIt 
T. May, 11 Jan 2018: "Let me be clear, Brexit will not mean a lowering of environmental standards."Hmmmm  
‘@UKLabour’s new Brexit policy  
Before EU Referendum, Remain campaign were trying to persuade the population that a Leave vote meant leaving the Single Market and Customs Union.Following defeat, the Remain campaign try to persuade the public the Leave vote doesn't mean leaving Single Market and Customs Union.  
#CorbynNailedIt because Tories are now forced to copy him and explain why a customs union is critical, or go the other way and push for a devastating hard Brexit. The latter would keep the Tories out of office for a long time. It might also bring about an early general election 
There is a far more sensible option: 1) #StopBrexit 2) TACKLE THE HOME MADE UK DOMESTIC PROBLEMS THAT LEAD TO BREXIT AND STOP USING THE EU AS A SCAPE GOAT FOR UK WEALTH INEQUALITY AND GREED. #FBPE#WATON#StopBrexitSaveBritain#StopBrexitSaveOURNHS#StopBrexit 
i'm bored of brexit let's just not 
I've just raised a complaint with the BBC about Laura K's use of use of the term "Remainiac" in this piece.BBC News - What Corbyn's Brexit speech means  
I'll give up my 3-decade principled opposition to the EU to get to power,breach my own party manifesto to annoy the Govt,and betray my own voters by staying in customs union and thus annulling #Brexit.It's my straight-talking, honest politics, you see?#LeaveCustomsUnion 
There are no benefits to Brexit. 
#CorbynSpeech In spite of BBC News nudging him towards criticism - even Frank Field says Jeremy Corbyn has now set out "a terrifically good position on Brexit." "I couldn't be more happy!" The CBI and IOD agree, as do sensible Tories. Great speech. Game over. 
In the #CorbynSpeech he went into clear detail about the realities that Brexit confronts the country with. The Tories have never done that but instead have been smearing Corbyn. THAT is why @jeremycorbyn is likely to be the next prime minister. 
Britain would be unable to strike free trade deals under Labour's Brexit plans  
Corbyn has made no guarantees and refuses to commit to remaining in the customs union and the single market. He is walking hand in hand with May towards a destructive Brexit risking jobs, the economy and the union. 
Labour want a fantasy customs union & Tories have their Brexit plans branded ‘fantasy’ by the chief EU negotiator. Meantime, Tories blame @theSNP for their crisis -only major party who back single market & customs union.I think folk can judge where the crisis is coming from 
Warns? Or what?!?! Wales and Scotland face catastrophe if this Tory #Brexit goes ahead. We don't have much to lose. We've been here before and it never ends well for anyone... England included. #indyref2 #indywales 
Labour wants us to stay in the customs union.Customs union = EU having say on our trade deals and us unable to sign up to comprehensive free trade deals of our own. Respect the referendum.#CorbynSpeech 
Rather than listen to distortions of truth about #CorbynBrexitSpeech , best to listen to what Corbyn actually said: #CorbynSpeech here: Corbyn makes a realistic stance on Brexit#Celebrities for #JC4PM#art of #politics with Corbyn 
Strong Brexit speech from Jeremy Corbyn this morning: close future relationship with EU; in customs union; and strong single market deal with no drop in rights, standards or protections.  
I have a lot of time for Harriet Harman, but on Australia's Q&A tonight she iterated the misleading point that in the EU referendum '52%' etc etc - I responded, 'It was 37% of the electorate, and that it is very far from a mandate, so Labour should oppose Brexit' - & she fudged. 
.@jeremycorbyn's tepid stance on Brexit means that he continues to be Her Majesty's Loyal Opposition, walking hand in hand with Theresa May towards a destructive Brexit that risks jobs, the economy, and the Union. #Corbynspeech 
When it comes to Brexit, Labour doesn’t want to have its cake and eat it like the Tories do. Oh no. We want to have a different cake and eat it. 
People went with Brexit because they were promised £350m a week for the NHS & otherwise millions of Turks would invade. 20 months down the road we are seeing a very different picture.  
Corbyn ditches Brexit promises to say UK must be in EU customs union. Democracy voted Leave, £17.4m people, many Labour Voters agreed to exit CU & SM! Corbyn pi**ed on their decision!  
MUST-READ: Corbyn wins plaudits from UK business with Brexit speech  
Speaking to one German Minister here at CDU Conference, he describes Corbyn’s new Brexit policy, of being in a Customs Union & jointly negotiating 3rd party trade deals, as a “Schnappsidee” (I doubt this needs translation). 
Currently being blamed for the impossibilities of #Brexit:The ScottishThe IrishThe EUThe RemainersThe VulcansCurrently not being blamed: The authors of the policy 
So following the #CorbynSpeech on BrexitHow is  Labour's Shadow Trade Minister still in his job when he surely must find Labour's latest Brexit policy 'deeply unattractive'?#CorbynTheCynical 
Brexit is not inevitable. The British people are entitled to keep an open mind on what happens at the end of the #Brexit talks.  
Remember for both Labour and Tories stopping EU immigration is the 'cold beating heart' of the case for Brexit. What it's always been about. 
A soft Brexit would not dishonour the result of Britain's referendum. Norway's model proves that compromise can work  
How desperate are the tories when Johnson starts calling Corbyn deluded!!!??? Quite bizarre....Labour puts the people, jobs, the economy & our relationship with Ireland as paramount and it terrifies the @conservatives. Looks like it's the tories who are crumbling! #bbcdp #brexit  
Brexit and the Irish border commemorative Elephant in the Room  
Labour is moving in the direction of a referendum to stop Brexit  
"People didn't vote to leave the EU to have worse terms and conditions or lower rates of pay." Labour will always fight for a Brexit that puts our economy, jobs and businesses first. @RLong_Bailey 
Excellent speech by @jeremycorbyn today on Labour’s Brexit policy - “In trade negotiations our priorities are growth, jobs and people’s living standards” - Jeremy Corbyn 
BREAKING: Boris Johnson claims snow from eastern Europe will be prevented from being allowed to settle in Britain after Brexit.   More soon ... #uksnow 
If Jeremy Corbyn sticks to what he just said, then Labour, IN THEORY, will oppose Brexit when the time comes.(If Corbyn keeps his word) #CorbynSpeech 
Why Labour never had the balls to stand up against Brexit and actually take a principled stance on something for a change in the first place is beyond me. I'm very grateful to have the SNP in Scotland, hope we get another indyref ASAP. 
In fairness, there were plenty of good excuses to break up the UK long before Brexit.  
Sorry @Jacob_Rees_Mogg but the government's own leaked studies show thst Brexit is damaging in every scenario. You may decide to deride them (for your own gain?) but there is STILL no evidence that Brexit will actually be beneficial. 
Same attack on both sides of the Atlantic, tearing our countries apart with 3rd world migrants. Ignoring our voice & our vote. Freedoms ain't free, folks... Corbyn’s Brexit Speech: "Significant Political Gamble", "Would Leave UK A Colony Of EU"   
9/10 The end result The appearance of Ruth Davidson being challenged by BBCA 5 second ‘interview’No mention of UKGovt Brexit leakNo mention of Hard-BrexitNo counter interview with SNP or any other partyA serious rift in the ScotTories smoothed over, for now. 
7/10 This seems a strange comment. The Brexit leak revealed the UKGov’s own figures show ALL EU exit scenarios would be damaging or even catastrophic for Scotland. This and Tory criticism the ScotGov analysis was ‘exaggerated’ are completely ignored.  
‘We want FREEDOM’ - Theresa May rejects Corbyn’s soft Brexit plan to stay in customs union  
My take on Labour's Brexit policy - it's either breathtakingly cynical or impressively strategic, but it's getting really v.difficult to figure out which  
Mr Corbyn wants to deny the poorest in society the benefits of Brexit  
Missed @jeremycorbyn's speech on Brexit today, or want to find out more? Here's our plan for Britain after Brexit. #CorbynSpeech 
Came out of @BBCNews in Millbank and stopped to chat with @SODEMAction about the need to continue articulating the case for staying in the EU as the disaster that is Brexit continues to unfold  
Labour's #Brexit policy evolving in the right direction. Pledge on customs union is a real boost for our manufacturing industries. Can we hope for similar enlightenment on the single market? Will you ditch myths on nationalisation & migration Jeremy? 
Who can say there’s no difference between Labour and the Tories on Brexit now with a straight face? My reaction piece  
We’re going back to the people to find out what they really want. We’re opposing Brexit to fix Britain’s issues from a position of strength inside the EU. We’re here to renew Britain. 
Sammy Wilson #DUP’s #Brexit spokesman, has accused @jeremycorbyn of “cheap political opportunism”The Party that makes Kippers look less swivel-eyedThe Party whose silence was bought for a BillionThe Party that makes Mogg look promiscuous Yep#DUP Credibility is ZILCH. 
People went with Labour because they were promised the Brexit they voted for would actually happen. Now a few months down the road we are seeing a very different picture.  
The #CorbynSpeech on Brexit...  
Start designing those placards, a whole raft of anti-Brexit rallies are taking place in March.  
With @JohnODowdSF this morning at Stormont Castle with BREXIT lead Civil Servant Andrew McCormick, discussing the week that’s in it with Brussel negotiations finalising draft Brexit Treaty & legal commitments to full alignment for the north.Defending the GFA in all of its parts  
Tories happy to play Russian Roulette with UK/EU wide security, use EU citizens in UK as pawns for negotiation & could risk EU research in UKLabour would ensure we retain our collaboration on Security & Research and will end Brexit uncertainty for EU citizens in UK#ForTheMany 
Today’s announcement from @jeremycorbyn on Brexit will draw scorn from @guyverhofstadt and @Nigel_Farage In other words it’s the correct position 
Labour doesn't have to reverse #Brexit but if 2B considered a truly Democ party it wld allow the Ppl a chance to do so. This is no longer about the Will of the Ppl but an option to choose between 2 main parties imposing their Will on the Ppl.We can choose not to vote for either! 
I share the Tories' outrage at what they rightly call Corbyn's "cynical attempt" to frustrate Brexit and their fury that Jezza is "playing politics with our country's future". The man is a dangerous fool who has just played into Barnier's & Starmer's hands 
This is still my fav take on Brexit.   
Labour’s policy on Brexit is intelligent, is progressive and would work. That means the Tories, hard Brexiteers and the European Commission want it to fail.It’s a gamble, but it’s the right one.  
The BBC seek out the view of a political big hitter on Jeremy Corbyn’s Brexit speech. Unfortunately none were available, so they asked Nigel Farage instead.  
What a farce. Under Labour's brexit 'plan' we cant sign anything without the EU imposing rules and tariffs on us. Its like going into a heavy weight boxing match in ballerina outfit with one arm tied behind your back. Game over! #CorbynSpeech 
Corbyn started his speech claiming that Labour’s position on Brexit has been consistent, by which he must mean consistently vague. And today was no different.  
"There will be some who will you that Brexit is a disaster for this country and some who will tell you that Brexit will create a land of milk and honey. The truth is more down to earth and it's in our hands. Brexit is what we make of it together." Common sense in #CorbynSpeech 
I welcome Jeremy Corbyn’s statement today on the need for Britain to secure a customs union and single market with the EU post-Brexit.  
Wrong Again: Forecasters Reverse Post-Referendum Growth Downgrade, Country Set for £15 Billion #BREXIT Windfall!      #fo2eu 
What version of #Brexit would you prefer? No #Brexit is not an option on this poll.RETWEET & VOTE  #YourVoiceMatters 
1/6 Really important other critical parts of @jeremycorbyn Brexit speech today are not drowned out by the critically important Customs Union element. 
The local elections in May are an opportunity for Londoners to send the Tory Government a message that we don’t want their chaotic extreme hard Brexit approach.  
WATCH | @Nigel_Farage on Jeremy Corbyn's Brexit betrayal: "It's the first step of a complete Labour sell out." #bbcdpRead more:  
Jeremy Corbyn has well and truly claimed the Centre Ground for the Labour Party with his speech in Coventry.He articulated a very clear Post-Brexit vision for Britain that aims for a neccersary and historic national compromise between the concerns of Remainers and Leavers. 
Whatever you think of Labour's Brexit shift, the Tory reaction is staggering:"A cynical attempt to play politics with our country's future"Remind me again, just why did the Tories promise an EU referendum?  
‘@Nigel_Farage: Corbyn just took first step towards complete Labour sell-out on Brexit.The British people voted to take back control of trade policy!  
What should @UKLabour strategy be with the EU? - #Jeremy Corbyn backs permanent customs union after Brexit  #CustomsUnion @jeremycorbyn @Keir_Starmer @theresa_may @DavidDavisMP @Conservatives @UKLabour RETWEET & VOTE #yourvoicematters 
Labour approach to #Brexit negotiations.#CorbynSpeech 
Young people believe in you because you care about helping and empowering people. So use that 'meaningful vote' in Parliament to give the PEOPLE the power to turn Brexit around. #CorbynSpeech(Thanks @CharlieCooper8 for sending our message to @JeremyCorbyn) 
@BestForBritain Did you notice ANY of the two main parties supporting #EU citizens in the Referendum? ANY of them praising us? Any condemning the abuse we get in the press? ANY of them saying how important we were? So don't *reward* them for their stance on #Brexit with your vote  
What’s your preference when it comes to Brexit? 
“Was it a game changer?” @jo_coburn on Labour leader’s #Brexit speech “It’s the first step of a – quite easy to see – a complete Labour sellout on the issue” @nigel_farage predicting: “Labour voters are going to start to ask: Are we really leaving?” #bbcdp 
@jeremycorbyn has just well and truly pulled the Brexit carpet out from under the feet of @Theresa_may and her floundering Tories.Brilliant move: General election NOW!Jeremy Corbyn calls for new customs union with EU after Brexit  
Lets make this easy.Corbyn's Brexit proposal is one small step up from May's. But it's still a long way off from either Soft Brexit or Remain.Even the Ukraine would have a better trade relationship with the EU than us!#FBPE 
To all @UKLabour Party members who wanted the UK to leave the EU I’m sorry. @jeremycorbyn has let you down. Corbyn’s plan keeps us in the EU with no influence.You don’t have to take my word for it. See what your own Front Bench and MPs say about it! #Brexit #CorbynSpeech 
Jeremy Corbyn sought favour with UK enemies his whole political career, so no real surprise he's now in favour of selling UK out over #Brexit.He's happy to leave UK accepting the crumbs the EU tosses us.Remaining in the Customs Union is not an option.#CorbynSpeech 
The @JeremyCorbyn speech on #Brexit :"Labour would seek a final deal that...maintains the benefits of the single market & the customs union...with no new impediments to trade and no reduction in rights, standards and protections”Full text of speech:  
I don’t want to live in a country engaged in a culture war over Brexit - this deal will help us move on...  
Corbyn did it again, didn’t he? Mirrored Tory Brexit aspirations but made it sound different enough to keep his true believers happy. I despair. 
'They’re actually using the Belfast agreement ... in some cases to actually thwart Brexit'  
Corbyn’s Brexit plan would leave U.K. a colony of the EU - unable to take back control of our borders or our trade policy. White flag from labour before talks even begin. 
Labour's cynical Brexit policy Bad for jobs and wages Stop UK doing our own free trade deals Betrays the result of EU referendumLabour: Putting Politics Before People. Again...  
Guardiola in @MailOnline on Spain's political prisoners, Scottish & Brexit referendums: “They don’t have weapons ... just the vote. You did Brexit. You allowed Scotland to have a referendum. That is what they ask and they are in jail right now.”  
Labour's position on #Brexit will also appeal to the employers with whom I speak on a daily basis, and who tell me that the chronic uncertainty brought about by the government is causing the investment tap to be turned off. 2/2 
Labour’s policy would be bad for jobs and wages, it would leave us unable to sign up to comprehensive free trade deals, and it doesn’t respect the result of the referendum.  
Remaining in the CU would be a missed opportunity to take advantage of the best Brexit has to offer: free trade deals around the world. @iealondon's @MarkJLittlewood responds to #CorbynSpeech 
I voted Remain but like Corbyn and Labour respect democracy.It's now absolutely clear only Labour can be trusted not to deliver a hard Brexit. Time for the entire Party to get behind the position and defeat the govt#CorbynSpeech 
@jeremycorbyn showed today that people really do have a choice on Brexit. Labour will build on trading arrangements which support millions of jobs in this country and will make it a priority to tackle the greedy bosses who abuse migrant workers to undermine working conditions 1/2 
this from Corbyn's Brexit speech today pretty much hits the nail on the head of where the public are at on the EU: neither rampant Euroscepticism nor cultic idolation of the EU. Hits exactly the right tone.  
Politically, Corbyn has played a blinder.He followed Napoleon's advice about not interrupting your enemy when they make a mistake.And THEN - when the time is right - he presents a decent, sensible plan and brutally exposes the Tory dire and destructive vacuum of a #Brexit plan 
Corbyn, saying many good things such as not wanting to be a "xenophobic offshore island". But his proposals on 'a' Customs Union and relations with the Single Market continue to float somewhere between cakeism and waffleware. #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit 
So now your choice is clear.1. Tories: Hard Brexit2. Labour: Soft Brexit3. Lidbems: See option 1. 
Spot on , Corbyn Policy is now identical to Theresa May & Amber Rudd , Philip Hammond. The great British Brexit betrayal finally underway  
#CorbynSpeech is one of the best speeches Ive heard a british politician make in my whole lifetime. Jeremy needs to be prime minister right now, now!! #JC4PM #ChangeIsComing #brexit #GE2018 
A point I'd like @jeremycorbyn to address in his speech. I always thought Labour was about everyone playing their part in a community, but Brexit is about going it alone and telling everyone else to get stuffed. 
Will Corbyn support a public vote on the deal? He says no, he's supporting a meaningful vote in Parliament on Brexit - and Labour has red lines.That's good, actually. Suggests power to reject Brexit deal (that in turn would likely force election or referendum). 
If you have missed @jeremycorbyn's #Brexit speech, here it is summed up in a few seconds  
NEW: Corbyn backs permanent customs union after Brexit"Labour respects the result of the referendum and Britain is leaving the EU. But we will not support any Tory deal that would do lasting damage to jobs, rights and living standards."RT to share 
.@jeremycorbyn hits back at failed competition in postal services during his Brexit speech. Royal Mail will soon be the second thing publicly owned by Corbyn after Ben Bradley this weekend  #CorbynSpeech 
Cake  and eating it comes to mind but at least Labour are finally moving in the right direction. Continuing membership of SM & CU are the inevitable destination. What @theSNP has said all along #CorbynSpeech #Brexit #FBPE 
In direct challenge to May’s Brexit goals of “we want a bespoke arrangement giving us the good things of being in the EU, not the bad things”, Jeremy has revealed Labour’s stance of “we want a bespoke arrangement giving us the good things of being in the EU, not the bad things”. 
Translated: Theresa May confirms she is a hostage to a handful of hard Brexiters and will go ahead with a hard Brexit that will see her lose a Commons vote and lead to a General Election, which she will also lose.  
This is @mrjamesob's reaction to Jeremy Corbyn's Brexit speech: "A slightly different-flavoured porridge of nonsense."  
Labour's position is softening, ever so slightly. But to really stand against a destructive Brexit they should join us in saying we should remain members of the Single Market at the very least, and give people a final say on the deal. #CustomsUnion 
Seen with a narrow  focus, this Corbyn #Brexit speech makes sense - position on Customs Union makes life harder for May.Seen from , response will be . Just another list of poorly formulated, incompatible demands. More , just with a stuck in it. 
So that’s that, Scottish Labour voters. Corbyn and May pretty much on the same Brexit page. Corbyn is not going to save Scotland from the predations of the Tories. England has chosen its own way. Scotland should be able to choose ours. Please consider voting Yes in #indyref2 
Watching Corbyn's Brexit speech - my impression is he outlined many problems with leaving the EU and identified no benefits. I wanted him to tell me what the point of leaving is, in his view, beyond taking note of a slim majority vote a couple of years ago. He didn't. 
#Corbyn says he wants the #UK to be 'internationalist' but this is completely at odds with having us in a Customs Union with #EU which will prevent us making any trade deal internationally unless agreed upon by the #EU as a whole.THIS IS NOT #BREXIT 
PM's spokesman says government will not be joining a customs union after #Brexit in response to Labour's plan for "new and comprehensive UK-EU customs union"  
I have always had time for @KateHoeyMP. She is increasingly isolated in being one of the few @UKLabour MP's to put Country before political ambition over #Brexit.She was right when she said  "Any form of Customs Union would mean leaving the #EU in name only." 
look let's just sod off brexit. we have no idea what it is or how it'll work. we aren't a global power it snowed for 10 minutes this morning and the entire country went bananas how are we supposed to fend for ourselves. 
Until we had the EU referendum I had no idea that 16 million people were planning to work abroad and it's imperative they do it without filling out any forms.I feel so selfish now. 
trying to make him talk about Brexit is like trying to get a child to eat their vegetables. 
A reminder. Remaining in the #CustomsUnion would remove one of biggest prizes of Brexit - the ability to forge independent trade deals w/ rest of the world, to join other multilateral agreements or to eliminate tariffs unilaterally #CorbynSpeech  
Meeting @MichelBarnier this afternoon on #Brexit and preparing the EU draft Withdrawal Agreement, to be published later this week. Commitments made in December between EU and UK must be clearly reflected in new legal text. EU solidarity remains strong with Ireland's concerns 
Corbyn on Brexit: Hate-crime rose after referendum. A constituent messaged Corbyn saying he had been abused for first time in life and was afraid.Also says "not migrants that drive down wages". Good. 
A spokesman for Prime Minister Theresa May says the UK will not be joining a customs union after Brexit in response to Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn's plan to form a "new and comprehensive" UK-EU customs union to ensure tariff-free trade 
Just got a press release to say more than one in four Irish men (28%) are considering getting a vasectomy. Sounds like floodgates opening to me. As someone who doesn’t have  a penis I find this extremely worrying. Another referendum needed? @irishlifehealth 
Labour policy moving right direction. But not far enough. And there is no such thing as a Brexit dividend. There will be a Brexit black hole 
Corbyn on Brexit: Not prepared for a deal with Trump that privatises the NHS.Unfortunately, he decided to bundle talk about threat of "revived TTIP" into that. Irritating ignorance, as the European people had already forced protection of health services in TTIP (NHS included). 
Good to hear @jeremycorbyn emphasise regional rebalancing of our economy in his #Brexit speech: “To shift it away from the low pay, low skill, low investment economy it has become, so that no longer will some regions get a mere one-sixth of the investment that goes to London.” 
Labour wants "full access to EU markets" which maintains benefits of single market and customs union - Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn says  #Brexit  
The audacity of Corbyn to spend ten minutes calling for Britain to abandon one of the key prizes of Brexit - the ability to negotiate our own trade deals - before saying, "Labour respects the result of the referendum". 
Remember, the *real* Brexit winners are all the many millions of Britons who don’t have to sit through (any) party leaders’ speeches on Brexit. #winning 
Labour shadow Trade Sec. 2 months agoEU customs union not a very good ideaCorbyn just now:Labour wants Britain to embrace EU customs unionLabour: Betraying Brexit for the many not just the few...#YouCantTrustLabour 
Agree strongly with @jeremycorbyn: "The EU is not the root of all our problems, and leaving it will not solve all our problems”. These problems - and many of the underlying causes of Brexit vote - are the fault of successive governments and absolutely nothing to do with the EU. 
Corbyn mocking Tory disarray on Brexit slightly undermined by the fact that Gardiner, McDonnell and Corbyn have all argued against customs union in the past 
playing the Paul Mason drinking game where every time he says "neoliberal" you set aside the money for a pint to help pay for your post brexit future 
Corbyn says Labour open to supporting some EU agencies after Brexit like Euratom. “It makes no sense for the UK to abandon EU agencies and tariff-free trading rules that have served us well,” he says. 
Oh please no. There. Is. No. Brexit. Dividend.You might pay no money to the EU once you’re out, but your economy will take such a hit you’ll be poorer overall.See, you can explain it in a tweet.Why can’t so many UK politicians understand?#Brexit  
This is dreadful news. Awful loss.@sirpauljenkins was the former Treasury Solicitor, HMG's senior civil servant lawyer. Paul generously used his knowledge and expertise to promote scrutiny of government (on Brexit and other issues) and to promote access to legal profession.  
Nothing new so far. Standard 'jobs first Brexit' stuff. No detail on what that might look like. "A Brexit for all our people." Dear me. 
Corbyn: "We will use funds returned from Brussels after Brexit to invest in our public services and jobs of the future, not tax cuts for the richest."WHAT FUNDS @jeremycorbyn ? ARE YOU ASLEEP? 
The irony of Corbyn calling for unity over Brexit is staggering. Five minutes on Twitter will show you all you need to know about what Corbyn’s followers think about unity. 
in his Brexit speech @jeremycorbyn says "no one should be willing to sacrifice the Good Friday Agreement, the basis for 20 years of relative peace, development and respect for diversity in Northern Ireland". 
“No playing off the nations of the UK - no one should scarifice the Good Friday Agreement” : @jeremycorbyn Brexit speech 
"Labour will give the NHS the resources it needs, because we will raise tax on the top 5% and big business - those with the broadest shoulders to pay - not by making up numbers and parading them on the side of a bus" #Brexit @jeremycorbyn 
Pays lip service to nonsense that there'll be a Brexit dividend. Is he stupid enough to believe it, or cynical enough to repeat it? Either way, irritating. 
.@jeremycorbyn FULL speech on Britain after Brexit  
Corbyn just giving usual speech about raising spending on NHS. It;s like he's already bored by having to talk about Brexit. 
SAME CORBYN, SAME SPEECH, SAME LABOUR, SAME SHIT, they will never get my vote. They certainly are not a Brexit party. 
2 years ago, almost to the day, David Lidington called #Brexit “Confusing contradictory nonsense”.  Today,in a speech in Wales ,he is lambasting the devolved administrations for not cheerleading for that same policy, as he now does.   The evidence hasn’t changed - why has he? 
"You did Brexit, you let the people have an opinion."Pep Guardiola explains why he will accept the repercussions for supporting Catalan politicians.   
Both @BBC and @SkyNews think Brexit is all about MPs and their opinions and nothing whatsoever to do with ordinary people and the referendum result. Well, we'll see about that. 
Labour are currently tempting people to pick their Brexit in a 'lesser of two evils' approach.What they dont want to do is reinforce the idea there is a third option. Pick neither. Reject both Tories and Labour Brexit and fight to remain instead. 
Jeremy Corbyn is speaking out on Brexit. Theresa May’s future could hinge on what he says  
I can’t believe I’m spending so much time restating arguments won by the late great Mr Benn on the EU decades ago - to left wing people! #brexit #Brexit 
One day I’ll manage to hit a writing deadline while still flapping around on Twitter. But that day is not today. I’ll be back v soon, by which time it will be revealed that Brexit/Trump was just a bad dream and we were in the shower the whole time.Miss ya already x  
1. Forget what may or may not happen in Parliament in a few months time - what Labour insiders believe is they now have a clear dividing line btw them and Tories on Brexit 
The big advantage that the Labour position on Brexit now has over the Conservative position on Brexit is that it is broadly possible to understand what it is. 
.@mrjamesob on the upcoming Jeremy Corbyn Brexit speech - “He will be serving up a slightly different porridge of nonsense.” Perfect. 
This is the life. Using @scotrail Club50 £17 return to anywhere in Scotland (valid till Mar 23) to Kyle & then up to Floddigarry Hotel on Skye for tonight’s @SkyeSaysYes meeting on Brexit & indyref2. Free - starts 7.30pm. Do come! #secretweecornersofalba 
Jeremy Corbyn will make his Brexit speech in front of a driverless car  
Can I just ask. Is today's line to take "Jeremy Corbyn is a man of principle, who never wavers, and is always on the right side of history". Or is it, "Jeremy Corby is a brilliant tactician, who has dramatically shifted his position on Brexit to outflank the Tories". 
Agree w/ @jeremycorbyn "The EU is not the root of all our problems, and leaving it will not solve all our problems. Likewise the EU is not the source of all enlightenment, and leaving it does not inevitably spell doom for our country. Brexit is what we make of it together.” 
Mr @jeremycorbyn has arrived at @covcampus! A cup of tea and then he'll be addressing an audience in our National Transport Design Centre, talking #brexit  
Kate Hoey MOCKS EU trade BLUNDERSThink how long EU has taken to get trade deals & still not got them with China, India, USAHalf-in, Half-out makes no sense.That would still give EU control.Even EU said 90% of growth worldwide is outside #EU#Brexit 
In wanting to keep the UK out of the Single Market Corbyn wants to rob us of Freedom of Movement. He prefers to pander to the ignorant hysteria about EU immigrants whipped up by the right-wing press. In this regard, he is no socialist!#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit 
If Brexit was such a good idea, why was it only possible to achieve a slim majority by harnessing the support of a hugely disproportionate fraction of utter morons? 
And you've broken every fucking brexit promise you've fucking made about fucking #brexit before the referendum so Fuck you You lying fucking arsehole 
Labour want to be in a customs union with the EU but also say they want to strike trade deals. You can’t do both. I didn’t realise that the Queen of Hearts was now writing their #Brexit policy.  
Euro is now being looked at as a reserve currency. The Euro area is growing. France is surging ahead.  And the pound has risen in anticipation of the #CorbynSpeech.No queue  to do post #Brexit deals with the UK.The 21st Century is #intraconnected.Watch Market channels. 
Jeremy Corbyn's position on the Single Market is based on Lexit myths. There is no left wing case for Brexit. More here:  
For James O'Brien, his radio show is little more than an opportunity for intellectual showboating, bullying and mutual masturbation among his acolytes. He is little more than a sneering engorged ego fuelled by contempt. An opportunistic parasite who contributes nothing.#Brexit 
Everybody excited today that Corbyn is aiming for a Brexit deal he can't get, having mocked May last week for aiming for a deal she can't get 
What a strange tweet. A) I have perfectly rational views on Brexit. B) You just happen to disagree with them and C) If you believe in free markets why do you want to stay in an institution which is in many ways the antithesis of the free market?  
Your regular reminder: the EU referendum made no reference whatsoever to the Customs Union. Or to the Single Market. 
BREXIT: ‘Brexit CAN be stopped’ Gina Miller group claims Remain support has hit 50 percent / #EU #Brexit  
Odd that some media and MPs billing today as a big change in Labour's Brexit position yet Labour's position on retaining benefits of Customs Union was set out in Labour's GE2017 Manifesto & election campaign: Negotiating Brexit - The Labour Party  
Who cares about Labour's Brexit policy, they'll change their mind in a few days anyway. What's more concerning is your own snail-like approach, leaving us unable to implement trade deals in an unnecessary transition period. 20 months have past since the ref, get on with it. 
TODAY: Yeah. Sorry guys. Brexit was all set to be a massive success; everything was in place, the deals were signed and the country was due a payout that would solve all our problems. Corbyn, though - he’s ruined it. All that winning is gone. It’s all on him. What a betrayal.  
Of 653 businesses uestioned in a poll,612 said they felt their views on Brexit were being ignored. Potential trade tariffs and loss of EU workers and customers were the main worries. The Tory government needs to listen to the SMEs... #StopBrexit 
Labour's Brexit is like an iPhone.If you wait a few months there'll be another version. 
Corbyn has betrayed the young, the poor and the vulnerable. Brexit will take away opportunities and cause real hardship.All because he wants to play ‘construct the socialist order’ with us. 
#Brexit is already impacting the #NHS. Why is no one talking about it?? Write to your MP now to demand a parliamentary debate - this is far too important to sit back & hope for the best  
Almost as if this is opportunism from Labour rather than doing what they think is best for Brexit…  
Busting the myths of Brexit: why being in the Single Market & Customs Union doesn't prevent us from delivering state aid  
“Confusing contradictory, nonsense” is not a bad description of David Lidington’s pro #Brexit anti-devolution speech today - and it was what he called the case for #Brexit two years ago:  Europe minister dismisses case for Brexit | Politics | The Guardian  
Corbyn needs to draw a line in the sand today, this far NO further. He needs to RULE OUT membership of the Single Market whatever his Blairite fifth column say. #Brexit 
Labour's Lord Adonis warns: "If there is no deal then planes won't fly and there will be 50-mile queues at Dover." Can we expect Project Fear from Jeremy Corbyn's Brexit speech today?@JuliaHB1 | @Andrew_Adonis 
 Leaving Customs Union “is one of the central prizes of Brexit. It represents an opportunity to use our agility and commercial strength to create jobs and wealth here in Britain.”No. No. No.Pretty much every study has shown *precisely* the opposite.#Brexit  
If Labour were to win the next GE this is what you will get:Jeremy Corbym    PMJohn McDonnell   ChancellorEmily Thornberry  Foreign SecDianne Abbott       Home SecAngela Rayner       EducationKeir Starmer          Brexit SecJust let that sink in 
Today I am launching my “a customs union” #Brexit alternative as a tactic to bring down the government though god knows it’s the last bloody thing I actually want. #StraightTalkingHonestPolitics 
Brexit represents a drastic blow to younger people and we must stop it, writes @lara_spirit, co-founder of the @OFOCBrexit campaign  
UK must make its own decisions on how to #Brexit but a pity so many MPs want to contract out trade policy to the EU. No #Australia #UK trade deal. The UK would just have to accept whatever we agree with Brussels! 
Your headlines today:It snows in winter.Brexit is a confusing mess.The Rolling Stones are touring.Stay tuned for an update on the Pope's religion later. 
I am a Northern Labour memberI voted Remain without hesitation and would do so again.I 100% support what Corbyn and @UKLabour are doing on #BrexitJust because folk voted Remain doesn't mean they think Labour should oppose the referendum result. 
Parliament gave The People the Decision to Vote at the Referendum. To Stay in or Leave, which was clear, leaving SM & CU! Any Party that attempts to change that Decision, will cause a Civil War! 
Where a millionaire landowner (by inheritance), who sits in Lords (by inheritance) and was chair (by inheritance) of a bank that collapsed costing UK taxpayers billions, cites the cost of trainers to say that "the poor" will "benefit most from Brexit... 
Bracing myself for wall to wall media mis-coverage of Corbyn's Brexit speech. The last thing they want is somebody talking sense while their boss, The Tory Party, is in absolute disarray on the subject #ChangeIsComing 
Can you have a word with the Labour leadership then? They could be part of a strong opposition to an extreme Tory Brexit by pushing to stay in Customs Union & Single Market. Their dithering has cost us in Wales, Ireland, Scotland & many places in England.  
The EU is terrified of a competitive UK after Brexit. They are demanding that all EU regulation remains intact post Brexit. That new EU regulations are implemented. And you wonder why our Government isn't making headway. 
Barging ahead regardless of the consequences: the #Government is ignoring small #Businesses’ concerns about #Brexit 
#Labour is betraying #Brexit, has made a dangerous alliance with Islam and is alienating many women with its new transgender policy.For Britain will stand firm for Brexit, against Islamisation and for all women.#ForBritain  @ForBritainParty  
My Telegraph article today explains how Labour's latest Brexit policy breaks their manifesto promises to voters. No new ability to strike trade deals, no control over trade remedies:  
What a cheek from @DavidDavisMP. Brags of excruciating detail on Brexit, then releases meaningless waffle only when forced to do so. Then the real assessments which show the economic disaster of Govt policy are leaked, refuted, then kept under lock & key. 
So sick of this shit now. Both hard left and hard right are using Brexit to indulge their long held ideological fantasies. Corbyn & Redwood are 2 cheeks of the same arse. 
Well said @jdlarwood This isn’t the Brexit I voted for – let’s have a second referendum so I can make amends  
Update: Labour’s Brexit policy is still an utter shambles. Lacking in direction, full of contradictions and a somewhat dopey appearance that it all doesn’t matter because the Conservatives are worse is neither big nor clever. 
Wow, I never imagined for a second when I started tweeting on Brexit that I’d end up with 20,000 followers. Hope you’ve found it useful.Thanks to @gillianrob4 for being the 20,000th, and for everyone who has RT’ed, commented and promoted along the way. 1/ 
Corbyn’s Brexit policy change amounts to chucking an empty crisp packet at a starving man. 
Warning to Remain voters who trusted Labour to fight Brexit in 2017. They are trying to play you again. Timing of this modest shift in position is no coincidence, with local elections in sight. 
1. Barry Gardiner: We respect the British Ppl's Will to be a Soveriegn country.ME: Your claim that #Brexit is the Will of the Ppl is flawed given only 26.5% of the Ppl voted 4 it. Only 51.89% of those voting, 37% of voters backed it in a non-binding vote after a flawed process! 
Barry Gardiner says the people voted for... (and then lists a load of imaginary benefits from Brexit).  No, the Tory right (aided and abetted by Corbin) conned the public into voting for a Brexit which cannot be delivered.  1/2 
“They looked from Labour to Tory and Tory to Labour, and from Labour to Tory again, but already it was impossible to say which was which” #brexit  
Today is one of the most important days since the referendum. With Labour supporting the customs union in parliament it is now easy to see a path which leads to Theresa May’s resignation and easier to see one where negotiations are so stymied that they become totally impossible. 
Corbyn must be told that nothing less than remaining in the EU will satisfy Remainers, because nothing else is rational. Give Labour a loud message at the May council elections: ABTV = Anti-Brexit Tactical Voting. 
On way to Coventry to hear @jeremycorbyn big Brexit speech on post-Brexit customs union... understand that Opposition plan for this new arrangement to be across all goods and agriculture trade (unlike Turkey model)... my Sky Views: 
Could you set your reporting of Jeremy Corbyn’s speech on #brexit to „uncritical boost mode“ #r4today? You know The setting you use to report every #brexit uttering by Theresa May 
To understand the disaster capitalism underpinnings of Brexit read this story - then watch Adam Curtis’s documentary The Mayfair Set for full background and economic context.   
In a logical universe, any Brexit campaigner who cited Norway or Switzerland as models for our post-Brexit deal (ie loads of them) would be behind Corbyn today.But there’s nothing logical about Brexit. 
3. The idea that there is any Brexit dividend is for the birds - less foreign investment, more complicated trade, and greater economic uncertainty equals a lower tax take and less money to invest in public services 
Nigel Farage met anti-Brexit campaigner @Femi_Sorry yesterday - and things got VERY heated. 
Today’s Brexit thoughts ... 1. If we want to avoid border infrastructure in Northern Ireland, a customs union with the EU is necessary but not sufficient 
To stay in "a" custom's union is sensible & doesn't steer away from the manifesto ensuring a jobs first Brexit whilst maintaining the status quo in Ireland & the Good Friday Agreement. It also puts pressure on the Tories possibly resulting in defeat in the House of Commons.  
"The remainers now have a thing to get behind," says @paulmasonnews on Jeremy Corbyn's Brexit plan  #r4today 
Labour have eventually made a decision on Brexit (well, for this week anyway) in which they have alienated their northern voters, in favour of their London base..... & even if he offered free kittens, I still wouldn't vote for him.  
When it comes to the EU negotiations .@jeremycorbyn and .@BorisJohnson are in agreement - you can have your cake and eat it. While he is about it, Corbyn should go the whole hog and steal that phrase about 'selling us all those BMWs and that prosecco'. #Brexit #FBPE 
.@jeremycorbyn's #Brexit betrayal. The @UKLabour leader is expected to say he will sacrifice the ability to strike new trade deals in order to keep the #UK locked in an #EU customs union – and allow free movement to continue. 
The Govt needs urgently to address serious issues that Brexit has already made it harder to attract top science talent to the UK. Uncertainty & perceived hostility have put up barriers. This must be addressed right now.  
...and Corbyn creates a clear practical choice for all voters: hard, chaotic Brexit under a shower of incompetents.. or CU+ deal with EEA 
Corbyn is offering a ‘Dog’s Breakfast Brexit’ - a half baked shambles: hurts the poor through keeping EU tariffs, betrays Labour voters on immigration controls & abandons the world for the EU, despite 90% future growth coming from outside Europe  
David Lidington is claiming that powers of devolved governments in the UK will be enhanced via Brexit. This seems like nonsense. If the Tories were interested in the Northern Irish, Welsh or Scottish then they would have at least been consulted with on the Brexit deals...#r4today 
What the hell is wrong with trying to "reverse the referendum"? Did the world end in June 2016? #r4today 
You'll find there's clear blue water between Labour and the Tories on Brexit. While May is thinking about her job, Corbyn is thinking about your job. So now you have a clear choice. Help the Tories & moan about Corbyn backing a hard Brexit or just simply get behind the man. 
Guardiola uses Man City trophy win to back Catalonia protest:"You let people vote on the EU. You allowed Scotland a referendum about staying in the UK. That is what they are asking for in Catalonia and some are in jail right now.” 
Tories attacking Corbyn’ Brexit stance as ‘snake oil’ & not being in Labour’s manifesto. Anyone remember giving DUP £1bn of taxpayers money in the Tory manifesto? #r4today 
Our Co-chairs @Anna_Soubry & @ChukaUmunna are in Paris today with a small delegation for meetings with senior members of the French Government including @NathalieLoiseau @DelphineGeny & @BGriveaux - part of @eurelationsappg’s ongoing dialogue with EU27 member states #Brexit 
Jeremy Corbyn unveils plan to use Brexit for nationalisation agenda: How many times does Corbyn have to be told, the EU does not prevent nationalisation. There are far more nationalised industries in Europe than here.  
To the MSM and Labour Right -Jeremy Corbyn and Keir Starmer have played a blinder, working out how to ensure living standards, jobs, the Irish Border plus the democratic vote to Leave be respected. It's 100% correct to stay in the Customs Union or bespoke similar.#Brexit 
EU stands firm over Northern Ireland border: The EU is doing more to preserve peace in Ireland than our Brexit obsessed government.  
Instead of blaming the Leave campaign for why they lost Remoaners should look at #StrongerIn. It was all liesThey never made the positive case for Remain: USoE, EU Army, common taxes & public spending. They never sold the benefits of giving away control of the UK#FBPE #Brexit  
Only 94%? #FinalSay then  #StopBrexit94% of SME’s say the Government is ignoring their concerns about Brexit  
Corbyn: ‘Brexit does not have to be a disaster’ - Yes it will be, particularly for the young. There isn’t a magical Brexit which preserves all the benefits of membership, please start telling the truth @jeremycorbyn 
Blowing gloomy post Brexit predictions out of the water?  
I worry that the idea that we will be “plunged” into a Mad Max-style dystopia is a little optimistic. The word “plunged” suggests events would unfold with a speed and decisiveness so far absent from the Brexit process.  
A typical Brexit Biased Corporation attitude. Your days as a well loved national treasure are well and truly over @BBCNews How sad that you have given up accurate, incisive comment and analysis. How tragic that I no longer support you.  
TalkingLabour’s latest U turn on Brexit on @GMB which is all about party political gain rather than the best Brexit 
Labour and the Tories are competing in the Great Brexit Cake-Off. Who can bake the most convincing fudge cake for us to have and also eat.Sorry - you both have to leave the tent. 
#Burundi regime is stoking ethnic tensions ahead of May illegal referendum. Voters were forced to enroll and basic services are denied for failure to enroll. 
#Brexit These 3 clowns  could be in charge of the country one day. All traitors ratting on the 17 million who voted Brexit. Incuding all them Labour supporters who wanted out EU. Have you ever seen 3 worse politicians in one photo.  finished if Labour get back in FFS  
Ahead of Corbyn's Brexit speech, an alliance of 80 senior labour figures warn him that 'a' customs unions falls short and investments cannot be funded unless UK stays in the single market.How about we cut our losses and #StopBrexit and #Remain? 
We need to fix this double standard in the law that requires a referendum for new Māori wards, but not for general wards.  
Iain Duncan Smith warns Tory rebels on challenging Brexit -  
The Brexit Plan:The EU will give us everything we want and we'll all live happily ever after. Any idea that they won't is simply naive.RegardsMr Fox#FBPE 
All calm in Nashville airport, awaiting the arrival of Minister @creedcnw and the @agriculture_ie delegation from Ireland. A busy five days ahead in the US and Canada! These trade missions are crucially important for our industry, never more so than now in the context of Brexit.  
Astonishing garbage! I know plenty of committed Christians who recognise that removing unfair EU tariffs on our trade with third world countries will only IMPROVE the lot of the world's poor!Brexit now for a fairer world, outside the EU rich nations club! 
Corbyn: Brexit does not have to be a disaster  
Coveney and Barnier to discuss Brexit hard border  
Jeremy Corbyn to back 'tariff-free' Brexit in speech  
If Jeremy Corbyn can U-Turn on his pledge to respect the #Brexit referendum result, how long before he's reneging on his pledge to bring riches to the poor and return privatised services to public ownership. It just feels he will do anything to get power. 
So, Brexit is going to destroy your economy,  human rights, environment, health service, fisheries, agriculture, food chain & more. But that’s ok because? #StopBrexitHour #FinalSay 
The Brexit Facts Bus, conceived and created by “Is it worth it?” is touring 33 cities and towns in Wales, England and Scotland over eight days.The Bus will be on Madeira Drive, Brighton (near the Pier) on Tuesday 27th February at 5pm before taking its message accross the city.  
Electorally, the winning Brexit stance is “as little economic risk as possible, compatible with immigration control”. Corbyn got there first. Let’s see if the comms sustain the clever positioning. Tory free traders way outside of the mainstream public’s concerns and views. 
Prevailing sentiment among WW2 veterans including many among our membership is that the EU is an undemocratic aberration. Not what they fought for. Their sacrifice has everything in common with Britain’s democratic autonomy via Brexit. 
Brexit: party political lines - These people simply are not on the same planet as the rest of us. Trapped in their Westminster bubbles, they are totally incapable of relating to anything that approaches reality...  #Brexit.  
He should confirm Stop Brexit. Nothing else.  
“... 38 per cent of businesses said that the introduction of trade tariffs was their biggest concern...” — Brexit: 94% of SMEs say the Government is ignoring their concerns about leaving the EU - The Independent  
Tonight I am frozen and icy but I will never be as cold and inhospitable as the hard heart of Brexit 
You are chair of Parliament's main committee on Brexit & you're promoting a "Customs Union" with the example of *EFTA* - which doesn't have a Customs Union or Common External Tariff/Policy?Get a better analogy. Or a clue.  
Yayyyyyyy, at last they have noticed us  Unfortunately it's not Scotland causing your economy to go erse-wise, it's your feckin' stupid, racist Brexit ya shower of numpties Listen, anyone out there with a brewery ? Don't let these eejits anywhere near it ffs  
Several reasons. 1) they are disproportionately impacted by the result and negotiations; 2) UKGov had promised to abandon the 15yr rule but decided not to; 3) they did not know that there would be a referendum when they decided to exercise their right to live in EU27. 1/ 
#Brexit is a tale of how a clique of the super-rich and their political hangers-on are exploiting control over much of the press and a poorly educated population to whip up English nationalist hysteria so they can gain themselves a #BrexitTaxHaven.#StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
Guardian front page, Monday 26 February 2018: Corbyn Brexit speech to put May on spot  
I agree that "misinformed" is not correct - the British people were deceived, lied to, and made promises that will never be delivered on. If only the ASA could be called in to investigate the referendum "promises". #StopBrexit 
Why are @BBCScotlandNews not all over this? A truly Scottish state broadcaster would tell us that we're being sold down the river (yet again) because of this damned union. It's been obvious for years that Brexit will kill us economically, but not if you rely on @BBCGaryR et al! 
Corbyn’s Brexit betrayal: In his own words, how Corbyn changed his tune.  
I have had enough of hearing about that prat Corbyn. He's on the news again, about wrecking Brexit, with his speech tomorrow. Why don't the double headed arsehole, just shut his traitorous mouth. 
Mind when the Tories told us brexit would mean Scotland getting lots of additional powers? Now they say even keeping the one's we've got risks the Union. Well OK. I'm good with that.  
The biggest democratic vote in our history.#Brexit means leaving the Customs Union, Single Market, jurisdiction of the ECJ, EAW, CAP and Common Fisheries Policy.Anything less is not #BrexitRT if you agree#LBCLIVE #skynews #Conservatives #bbcqt #bbcsp #marr  
Have two real life people ever looked more like evil Roald Dahl characters? Imagine how gammonised and Brexit-addled your thinking must be to admire them in any way  
'Brexit threatens everything I fought for as a soldier in the Second World War'  
Here is a another leave voter who feels cheated by #brexitreality & is sharing his views on Farage!I am not sure if @CurlewSW could be described as a fully fledged #remainernow but one thing that is clear is current hard #brexit plans are not what he voted for.#bregret 
What is it about Brexit that turns an otherwise honourable,, socially conscious politician into a bitter twisted irrational liar? Labour's Frank Field blamed the EU 4 being corrupt. nearly banrupt & destabilising the Russian border & claimed everyone knew we'd leave the CU #BBCSP 
Corbyn will be abandoning millions of Labour voters by calling for Brexit In Name Only. As a lifelong Eurosceptic, he’s selling his soul in a political play, duped by Keir Starmer, the Blairites and the London Labour elite.A man of principle? No. Just another career politician!  
Looks like police under Spanish command have been beating up protestors against the King's visit in Barcelona tonight. A timely reminder to @theresa_may not to sell out #Gibraltar in the #Brexit deal. #ViscaCatalunya 
So labour are so confifident they think they can get away with stabbing their core voters from the North in the back, they are going to ignore 17.4 million of us who voted Brexit on some jumped up excuse to remoan, don't let them get away with it! 
David Davis says Corbyn is "selling snake oil over Brexit".  Err...  
Daily Mail accuses Corbyn of "Brexit betrayal" for suggesting UK deal might be similar to Switzerland. Just like, er, @danieljhannan .. 
Keir Starmer confirms Labour intention to remain in the single market and customs union.  Meaning:  1. Free movement continues 2. EU laws remain supreme. 3. NHS for sale. 4. Banned from trading with 85% of the world.Essentially Brexit in name only BINO 
Ha!On the *Road to Brexit* !We have *drum roll*Liam Fox (former disgraced Defence Secretray & currentt #Brexit Trade honcho) key note speech to look forward to on Tuesday (deep joy)Wonder if he'll come clean about those 40 Trade Deals he claims are waiting to be *signed off* 
For David Davis to accuse anyone of selling Brexit snake oil is pretty bloody rich. This is a man who claimed we'd be able to secure a new trade area “10 times the size of the EU" (which in GDP terms is bigger than the entire world economy).  
Time for Frank to walk away. He was on SP this morning arguing that the North voted overwhelmingly for Brexit - well Birkenhead didn't, neither did the rest of Wirral. He represents Frank Field that's all, always has done.  
He is.  But the disastrous equivocation over Brexit by the Tories has left them vulnerable.  The Tories need an unashamed Brexiteer PM to lead with a positive view of Brexit and to harness the votes of the majority who want to leave the EU.   
This is one AMAZING thread. Read it. Then follow the link in this tweet and read that thread. The TL;DR version: many of the top influencers on #Brexit are provably Russian troll farm accounts.  
Labour selling 'snake oil' to the many not the few over Brexit...  
Corbyn's position on Brexit was clearer when he didn't have one. Now he's offering a customs union with close single market links - but with an opt out from EU competition and state aid rules that'll allow him to nationalise what he doesn't subsidise. 
Starmer says "the majority (anti-Brexit) of parliament must be heard" yet he is 100% deaf to the majority of the UK electorate who have voted to leave. Disgusting Labour arrogance and Brexit game playing at the expense of us Brits. 
.Every country of the UK deserves @theSNP or an SNP-like party that's willing to think (& act!) outside the box to save us from the Brexit apocalypse. 
.@bbc news EU customs union story is so biased against the government & what @UKLabour supported in the last GE. The customs union issue is entirely about reversing the vote for Brexit. 
Farage vows to return to frontline politics if there is a second Brexit referendum  
Jeremy Corbyn is selling 'snake oil' over Brexit, says David Davis  
Time that @bbcquestiontime where hardly ever brexit distortion and untruths are being challenged by @daviddimble allow for once a clear voice on its panel. Get rid of Farage this Thursday and invite @Femi_Sorry instead. Please RT if you agree. 
BREXITEER Iain Duncan Smith has warned that Britain will lose out if it remains in the customs union after Brexit, with the risk of missing trade opportunities and a high likelihood of being “outvoted endlessly” by the European Union.   
WOMEN OF BRITAIN SAY STAY and fuck #brexit pic.twitter.com/cSSeHNm3oI 
Always felt the best argument for remain, that wasn’t used enough is:‘look at the shower of bastards on these two front benches, as if either of them could make Brexit work?’ 
In the last month I have spoken to Mayor's from New England, Texas, California and Oregon. All want a free trade deal with the UK post Brexit. Labour's announcement today would seriously harm the Cambridgeshire economy. If we are to leave the EU, we must leave the customs union 
This #Brexit thing is really going well!  
1) Nobody indicated political affiliation on the Brexit ballot paper. You have no idea how Labour voters voted.2) 7 in 10 Labour constituencies voted Leave.  
I will not vote @uklabour until Labour Fully Backs Remain. If that  means another tory government @jeremycorbyn whose fault is that? You have a choice #stopbrexit or remain in opposition. Which do you want more brexit or power?  
This is how much a months supply of insulin cost this poor guy in the USA, he's maxed out his health insurance. This is what Brexit will bring to these shores #Referendum2018 
PRO-EU Conservative rebels are taking part in a cross-party effort to keep the UK locked in a post #Brexit Customs Union with the EU despite the efforts of other Conservatives to unshackle Britain from the Brussels bloc, it has been revealed. 
Hard Brexit = Hard border which threatens peace. The only rational resolution is for Britain to scrap #Brexit and to remain a full member of the #EU. Please share this two-minute video:  #StopBrexit 
Tories are using Brexit to get rid of human rights, warns Amnesty  
A businessman I know networks all over the Brexit heartlands - the Fens, Lincolnshire, Mansfield etc. He says support for Brexit is melting away. 
#Brexit has shown how in UK Executive have too much power & checks & balances are deficient. Particularly with the manipulation through social media and captive press. I prefer extra layer of protection that comes with EU membership and with international commitments like ECHR. 
Brexit: that land of sour milk and honey   
Anti-Brexit bus visits the North East as concerns grow over cost of leaving EU  
Australians can no longer ignore reality: The urban-rural divide that drove Brexit and the election of Trump is now reverberating closer to home  via @BV 
EU stands firm on Northern Ireland border says Monday’s FT, as challenges to Tory Brexit mount this week  
#Poll Who do you think won the #debate between @Femi_Sorry & @Nigel_Farage on @LBC ?#Femi #NigelFarage #IsBrexitworthIt #Brexit #Remain @LibDems @labour @Conservatives #EuropeanUnion #EU #Facts #LBC Please #retweet #poll #Remainyouknowitmakessense  
Britain will have ‘extra advantage’ with smart borders AFTER Brexit admits EU expert  
So, after #FedUpFriday, pleased about some small but significant steps:--1400 academics have signed a letter to Remain, - Labour seem to have moved on Customs Union - 80 Labour MPs, MEPs & peers have signed a letter to remain in the Single Market. #littlebylittle #Brexit  
Walk away only way ..........    Letters: Evidence mounts that the EU has no interest in a fair Brexit deal.     
Britain's vision for Brexit is based on "pure illusion," Donald Tusk says  
How would you vote if their was a second referendum on Scottish independence, please choose which applies to you. 
A customs union would be a betrayal of Brexit  
Went on a bus from my home in France to The Netherlands where I was born crossing two ‘open’ borders and I did’t even notice them. Dutch still as Dutch and French still as French and nobody is talking #frexit or #nexit. TheAll think #brexit is stupid  
I agree with 2017 Barry Gardiner. By agreeing to customs union with EU, Labour is giving up major opportunities of Brexit to forge new trade deals with other markets and shape a more humanitarian trade policy. Not even EFTA countries like Norway, Switzerland, or Iceland are in CU  
#brexit very useful for the Kremlin  
“I accept if I broke the rules. I accept the fine. But I'm a human being. You did Brexit. You allowed Scotland to decide. They're accused of rebellion and sedition. They didn’t have weapons just votes. I appreciate the support from #MFCF fans" #ComeOnCity @ManCity!  
On June 23rd the British people voted to leave the European Union. Remaining in a “customs union” isn’t compatible with that result. We voted to trade with the rest of the world! #Brexit 
Gibraltar is being forgotten. As are the Falklands. Brexit will be damning for all these vulnerable parts of the UK.#FBPE 
Excellent thread from @GuitarMoog on what Customs Union & Single Maket really mean & why you need both to solve the #Brexit Northern Ireland border question.Of course the most effective route to solving the condumdrum would be to #ExitFromBrexit 
Deutsche Bank is the first big lender to begin a wholesale relocation of business from Britain  
Astonishing that the UK's 2 main political parties are wholly united on the biggest most destructive tragedy that is #BrexitYet neither seem to realise that the country is massively dividedTo the coreHow the bloody hell did this even happen?#FBPE #Remain 
‘Brexit and a Broken Britain’ - Nigel Farage takes issue with a piece in the Mail on Sunday by the Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby  
Brexit: Nigel Farage got himself into a heated debate today when he came face to face with the spokesman for ‘Our Future, Our Choice’  
Brexiters said 'Don't believe the experts.!'.Then they thought they would get some experts to tell us to believe in Brexit!They found just 34 second rate experts, and called it 40!1400 authoritative experts then said that Brexit is bad for Britain.Time's up. #StopBrexit 
I spent the afternoon playing laser quest with a big orange gun on Hampstead Heath today. It seemed as good a preparation as any for another week spent sparring with Remoaners about sodding Brexit. 
With lower immigration from Eastern Europe post-Brexit, UK wages are increasing   
Is @UKLabour move for soft #Brexit and staying in the #CustomsUnion the correct decision? - Labour wants permanent customs union treaty after Brexit - Starmer  #Brexit @jeremycorbyn @Keir_Starmer RETWEET & VOTE  #yourvoicematters 
So tired of having to campaign for Leave literally more than a year and a half after Leave won the EU Referendum. It's utterly outrageous that this is still even a topic for discussion in a supposedly fully functioning democracy. But Brexiteers will persist until the job's done. 
#Labour MP Frank Field - "The decision was quite clear to leave. And in the north Labour voters voted very, very clear. Are you going to rat on them or not? Never mind about buses and all the rest of it." #Brexit  
The real reason for Corbyn's Brexit shift on a customs union is to collapse the government, ............ just as Labour always do with the economy. 
As the time since the Referendum elapses, it's really important to keep recalling that a massive fraud has been perpetrated against the British people and, most especially, against those who were persuaded to vote leave on the basis of the kind of assurances given in this clip. 
The tide is turning on Brexit and the BLOCKBREXIT is shining brightly.#ShineALight4Europe 
EU 27 nationals and their friends and families angered by their treatment could deliver a brutal shock to the Tory and Labour #Brexit parties if they vote in large numbers for pro-EU parties in the May 3 Local Elections. #StopBrexit #FBPE #ABTV 
A customs union would be a betrayal of Brexit, says the Sunday @Telegraph 
Brexit scaremongering has officially reached biblical proportions. 
#ShineALight4Europe Cold day for a surf but will our beaches be as clean if Brexit goes ahead? As kids, we weren't allowed to swim at some beaches due to pollution. #Brexit #Wales #Yearofthesea #saveourseas 
Pep on the yellow ribbon: "Before a manager, I'm a human being. You did the Brexit, you allowed Scotland a referendum... this is what they are asking [in Catalonia]." 
Corbyn’s heading towards a Brexit trap with an EU customs union - voters will seek revenge, warns Labour MP @frankfieldteam 
Dunno how they think they can get away with blaming the Irish & the Scots gov when right from day one they've refused them any say or involvement whatsoever in their Brexit dealings.  
After Brexit, 80% of NATO defense spending will come from non-EU members. 
What is happening on BBC radio news? Why is a contentious anti customs union clip from Ian Duncan Smith not balanced at 7pm radio 4 bulletin? Maybe the charge it has become the Brexit Broadcasting Corporation is close to the mark 
Russia brought the western world Brexit and Donald Trump. They tried to bring us Le Pen. They may not have dropped H-bombs on us, but those are still acts of war and should be treated as such. 
This evening I spoke to some friends. I apologised for continuing to bore about #Brexit. They told me to keep on boring cos I'm just saying what they think. They thanked me for speaking out.That's all I need to keep going...#waton #ShineALight4Europe #WeNeedTheGFA 
54 YouGov polls since the referendum show any majority believing #brexit was right has vanished.The majority, growing since August 2017, now believe that the UK was WRONG to vote to leave the EU.At the current trend rate, REMAIN will have a majority of 8%+ by 29th March 2019.  
I just had a lovely daydream where I was the cameraman and I led them to a special Brexit photo booth for their blue passports and left them there for 3 days because it's actually a walk in freezer and nobody missed them and then I slept better at night  
Brexit’s tricky Irish border dilemma is well explained here ( at length) by Irish Times EU correspondent. It would be helpful if Fleet St printed similar LONG articles explaining Brexit complexity   
More seriously, Frank Field accused the EU of being “deeply corrupt”. I should be glad to debate this slur anytime, anywhere, as a former chair of the European Parliament’s Audit Panel. We must now challenge these Brexit Bigots 
Not in favour of the Tory catastrophic hard #Brexit. Come and join the only major party actively campaigning for an #ExitFromBrexit at this year’s @libdem conference. We will be debating a wide range of motions and It’s your chance to join in! 
#shinealight4europe..Please wake up Britain to the truth and travesty of Brexit before it is too late!#stopbrexit #FinalSayForAll 
Your Brexit trade deals include the UK being confirmed as a gammon-led flea market for gulf monarchy arms deals & the “good ol’ days” of gollywog labelled jam u absolute steamed ham. You’ve consistently failed to defend scottish democracy, social contract & economy at every turn  
Tory rebel Dominic Grieve is willing to let Theresa May's Government FALL to shatter Brexit. So he would be willing to continue our enslavement to Brussels & to further punish the UK by helping to usher in a Corbyn government.   
Powerful piece on Brits living in EU-27, a group hugely affected by Brexit but rarely mentioned 
Are you in #MWC2018? I hope you have a great time! If you see people protesting on the streets this is why: The Spanish king who backed the violence against the Catalan referendum is visiting Catalonia. Catalans have no king. #SomRepublicaNoTenimRei 
Do you agree with @UKLabour that they want to join a customs union? - Labour wants permanent customs union treaty after Brexit - Starmer  @jeremycorbyn #brexit #CustomsUnion RETWEET & VOTE  #YourVoiceMatters 
Top item on @BBCLN! Brexit will hurt the North East more than any other part of the UK. #isitworthit 
If you support #Brexit you support Tax Dodging and the destruction of the NHS.Sorry but that is the #BrexitReality like it or not! #RemainerNow ?#StopBrexitSaveOurNHS#FBPE#stopbrexitPM's husband's investment firm paid NO corporation tax in 8 years 
#Brexit Jeremy Corbyn wants to stay in Single Market & Customs Union now. The halfwit hates the EU all his life voted against EU all the time. Anyone believe a word this clown  says. Be worst Prime Minister of all time if he gets in. Shake magic moneytree pays for everything.  
Due to train delays from the #isitworthit anti-Brexit event in York I don't think I'm going to make it, but with you in spirit #Sheffield #ShineALight4Europe  
So important that the very people who cited parliamentary sovereignty as the key Brexit gain now do everything in their power to deny and disrupt debate in Parliament.  
Labour MP Frank Field: 'Are you going to RAT on the British?'“The decision was quite clear to Leave.And in the north Labour voters voted very, very clear""Are you going to rat on them or not?Never mind about buses and all the rest of it”#Brexit #EU 
You tell him, Jack. Brexit means Brexit. 
Tories are using Brexit to get rid of human rights, warns Amnesty  
Labour Poised to Break Manifesto Pledge to Support a Clean Brexit  
 #Brexit  #StopBrexit  #StopBrexitHour  #WATON #FBPE Proud to be BritishProud to be European #ItsPossibleToBeBoth  
Types of chaos in ascending order, latest update:ErrorCock-upFuck-upCalamityOmnishamblesBrewery piss-up failCatastrofuckBrexitThe Arsenal defence 
I voted remain, but my priority is to get this government out and a Socialist government in - for the sake of everyone feeling marginalised by poverty and hardship. Brexit is NOT the be all and end all. 
Maybe the Corbynites were right. Maybe I have been harsh to judge Corbyn. I mean surely he wouldn't just rehash Boris Johnson's lies about spending Brexit money that won't exist on public services...OH COME ON. 
So Jeremy Corbyn actually believes there'll be a Brexit dividend. Despite all the evidence to the contrary.He is either very stupid, or he thinks you are.Yet another example of his career-long obsession with leaving the EU.#FBPE 
There'll be no "riots" if Brexit's stopped, just as there were no street parties following the referendum. Unrest is just something the worst Brexists talk up for their own purposes.  
When referendum first made the news, I was jumping from one side to the other based on what side of the argument I was researching. I then watched this guyVoted remain after that & almost every stumbling block the gov are now facing is in there. ^^^ 
Airbus will stay in Britain after Brexit despite warning it could move business abroad during the referendum campaign  
All it takes to destroy something good is a small cross on a ballot paper, in an advisory referendum and a government that refuses to heed advice.It takes more effort to hold onto that good thing. #ShineALight4Europe#StopBrexit 
I honestly don't give a fuck who promised what. In fact, I'm sick of hearing all your incessant whingeing and whining. You're not children.You can't have Brexit because it's too fucking expensive, time consuming and too fucking stupid. Grow the fuck up. 
This is the modern @UKLabour@johnmcdonnellMP has still failed to apologise to @EstherMcVey1 for his odious comments.They are a disgrace and not fit for Government.#Brexit #bbcqt #bbcdp #PMQs  #LabourFail #Conservatives 
Labour betraying democracy and the referendum, just to score cheap political points. No principles. No honour. No respect. And no it isn’t the right decision. Our trade with Europe is declining. We need to escape from this foolish, outdated, protectionist union.  
So as far as #Lexit & #Brexit throwing issues under a bus...  Northern Ireland,The Good Friday Agreement,UK citizens across the EU,EU citizens in the UK,Gibraltar,The Falklands,UK manufacturing,The NHS,City of London,Aviation,Agriculture.#StopBrexit 
I wouldn't be surprised if this is refuted Monday morning, so incendiary are its implications. But rendering "Holyrood as an impediment to Brexit trade deals" is a one-way #indy alley. Where we leap the wall, or trudge back with hands up. 
This is why most Remainers have zero trust in claims that Corbyn will help stop #Brexit. Here he is peddling the tired and discredited right-wing claim that quitting the EU will yield an £8bn dividend #StopBrexit #FBPE #ABTV 
Contrast the mess of Labour with no clear policy re Brexit to clear outlines from PM both at Lancaster House & Florence, with next stage later next week. @Conservatives having proper grown up discussion on getting right deal for UK. 
Grumpy guy finally makes it to Mars  Working for intergovernmental @esa, I'm one of the luckier @BritishInEurope, but feel very strongly that our concerns & those of @The3Million are seen as irrelevant by the Brexit ultras. Thanks, @lisaocarroll  #FBPE 
Ok. Today’s poll: What do you think of @UKLabour committing the UK to join a Custom Union with the EU after Brexit? 
There is now a clear majority in Parliamentfor @jeremycorbyn version of #Brexit whereas the Prime Minister does not have a majority for her version of #Brexit . In effect Corbyn is now  running the country from the opposition benches. 
'Brexit threatens everything I fought for as a soldier in the Second World War'  
The latest #Brexit policy by @UKLabour explained. Labour want to sacrifice trade with the blue bit to protect trade with the red bit. Madness! 
The real reason for Labour and Jeremy Corbyn's Brexit shift on a customs union  
Watch out for a paid-for #ToryBrexit troll army. With Brexit collapsing, Tories say they will pay for tweets.A few paid trolls are no match for thousands of #StopBrexit campaigners.RT & like if you are fighting for free for Britain in Europe. #FBPE. 
It is time for @GOvUK to recognise that no amount of spin or bullying or #Brexit bluster will shift @ScotGov from its defence of the powers Scotland voted for and won’t give up… 
Brexit is a hell of a drug  
The driving force in Brexit is, as Irish Times columnist Fintan O'Toole says in article about Good Friday Agreement in The Observer today, "a specifically English nationalism for which the rest of the UK is ultimately dispensable." #Brexit #SNP #indyref2 
Everytime Theresa May talks about EU citizens, people refer to the UK. But British nationals in the EU will be the biggest Brexit losers. Astrophysicist in ESA in Holland says he and 1m others feel 'utterly ignored' by PM  
Keir Starmer says Labour 'will back EU customs union' after Brexit - video  
Let's blame #brexitshambles on the Irish and SNP shall we. Doesn't matter that England voted for it and Tories & Labour are absolutely incompetent making the mess, just blame everyone else for the fallout of #Brexit 
) I am not an aspirational broadcaster.b) I am a broadcaster.c) I am only frustrated by idiots on Twitter who purport to know my mind better than I do.d) I have no regrets about my referendum vote. I'd vote Leave again in an instant.e) You're welcome.  
Corbyn’s conversion is not to soft Brexit but a hard tilt at No 10 | Matthew d’Ancona  
Jeremy Corbyn faces Labour Party SPLIT as he finally shows his hand on Brexit  
"Corbyn’s heading towards a Brexit trap. If he is caught, Labour’s  finished" brilliant, by @frankfieldteam 
As Corbyn shifts Labour towards soft Brexit, Tory jitters grow  
Genuinely surprised at Labour’s Shadow Brexit Secretary, he has confirmed that Labour want a post-Brexit customs union that will do all the work of the current one. Labour Treating the public with contempt? We had a vote & we must deliver on that outcome. 
Comments about Brexit and austerity by the Archbishop of Canterbury have not gone down well with @Nigel_Farage  
In signing it, you are undermining the British people . That “minority” you talk about are representing the position that a majority voted for in a free and fair referendum.  
Why the Left must lead Britain away from Brexit...by me.  
NEWS! Cabinet announces unified backing for Brexit plan that has already been rejected by the EU  
"A customs union" not "the customs union" ...so Labour's choice is damage between the 2% and 6% (GDP loss) options of Brexit. #KnowingBrexitCosts 
I remember this very moment.Just before the Brexit vote, @FrancesOGrady a rare question about what would happen to Northern Ireland and the border.Boris Johnsons waffled something about the Balkans in response.Brexiteers have refused to see and refused to listen. 
If you've got any interest in the entire Brexit saga then you need to follow @Femi_Sorry.Bright, passionate, educated....and best of all he scares the shit out of @Nigel_Farage. See Act 7: Nigel shits himself when confronted with a coherent argument 
Big Shout out to these Wonderful ladies On behalf of the millions who voted #Brexit#Remain  Fail....  
‘the driving force in #Brexit is a specifically English nationalism for which the rest of the UK is ultimately dispensible’ - brexit and Ireland  
“If Britain leaves the European Union, especially if it does so with a clean break, its choices will be stark.” In a new article Tony Blair revisits the Brexit options. Please share with us your views on which Brexit option you want using #BrexitFacts 
Exactly. Customs Union etc. a distraction . We need to stop Brexit, and quickly  
"Don't mix politics with sports, unless you have the same political views as me"That's how it is in Spain. Anything related to Catalan movement and it's considered a tragedy. However, "spanish unity", being against the referendum and such isn't political at all. 
."It will be the ultimate irony if the Irish Border means the ONLY thing ultimately delivered is Bino [Brexit In Name Only]. Perhaps, given the context, it should be relabelled Provisional Brexit."  . by @skiduffer in The @IrishTimes 
Project Fear's taken another pounding, #Barclays CEO says #Brexit will be fine.More Remoaner myths and lies debunked.         #fo2eu 
Brexit should be simple:Leave the EULeave the Single MarketLeave the Customs UnionLeave the ECJOffer the EU a free trade deal in goods and servicesIf the EU accepts, everyone winsIf the EU refuses, the UK will prosper under WTO rules@UKIP 
Who have the working class got to vote for these days ?@UKLabour have desrted them & the wounds caused by the @Conservatives are too deep to forgive. As usual, the working class are let down by politics.Vote #Brexit ... it's your last chance. 
We can thank the SNP Scottish Government that we have an already legislated-for second independence referendum to enable Scotland to thwart BritNat plans to strip our powers & lock us into their Brexited Britain. We MUST use it BEFORE Brexit ratification. #Yes2018 #Referendum2018 
Who's winning the battle of Brains for Remain* v. Brains for Brexit**?I've summarised the evidence - you decide.* Letter to The Times today** Articles in The Times and Daily Mail 18/2/18  
I voted to remain but fully accept the referendum and agree that a vote to leave meant coming out of the custom’s union 
Britain’s opposition Labour Party is set to throw new doubt on the British government’s Brexit proposal  
Brexit: Frank Field and Stella Creasy clash over Labour's Brexit policy  
Good to hear @keir_starmer on #marr saying Labour will support staying in customs union & is focussed on getting benefits of single market for UK post-Brexit 
#Labour's #FrankField: Voters will feel that yet again the #politicalclass has stuck two fingers up at them if @jeremycorbyn calls for a #CustomsUnion. Any more mucking about with Brexit & Labour’s chances of forming the next government will go up in smoke  
#Marr: After we leave, who will be in charge of #trade policy? #Keirstarmer That will have to be negotiated. @Keir_Starmer confirms a #Labour government would sell out the #British public on #Brexit & tie us into a protectionist #CustomsUnion with the #EU. 
We're getting there with this petition - 88.9k signatures now! Please don't just retweet. Link to it in your own tweets, it will reach more people that way! #StopBrexit #FBPE #FinalSay #Brexit 
Labour has declared its support for agreeing a customs union with the EU after Brexit  
IDS warns Brexit Tory rebels that they are "being invited into a Labour party tactical game which will actually end up in real damage to the UK". Soubry though is beyond hope though. 
Pretty great analysis on this thread on social media, Brexit, and the role Russian-backed accounts played in contributing to pro-Brexit traffic  
Austerity is 'crushing the weak' and Brexit has divided the country, warns Archbishop of Canterbury  
Anyone might think May's Government hasn't really thought this #Brexit business through properly. There's one clear route for the UK and that's to follow @vincecable and seek an #ExitFromBrexit 
My grandson at UNI doing Law tells me that he is afraid to open his pro Brexit mouth today in the left wing UNI he attends. Our children are being indoctrinated by commie teachers at UNI.... 
3 months to referendum day!3 months to referendum day!! 3 months until some of us can collapse into a heap and say:"I've done what I could have done. It's up to the people now. I'm going for a nap.Wake me up when I have constitutional right to bodily autonomy"#repealthe8th 
Good article by Labour MP Frank Field in today’s Sun on Sunday.      Corbyn’s heading towards a Brexit trap. If he is caught Labour’s  finished  
People often ask me why I keep criticising @jeremycorbyn. Here’s why  Because he spins the truth just like the worst Brexiters. Any funds UK no longer pays to EU are not “savings” considering the destructive effect Brexit will have on the economy. 1/  
As I see it, there's only one way to ensure a #Brexit that people really voted for ...#JRM4PM today, before the @UKLabour sell us out and @onservatives get mugged any further by Theresa May. 
Kate Hoey MP - "If you are looking long-term, our trade is going down with the EU every year. Even the European Commission have said that 90% of the growth worldwide is outside the EU." #Brexit  
Betrayal of the millions of Labour Leave voters is complete! : Labour supports a customs union with EU, shadow Brexit secretary says  - ITV News  
Politician like @KateHoey believe that politicians can get elected on a manifesto for a referendum and then dictate to the people if we can have another and how many generations we have to wait. However, it is still the case: Parliament is sovereign and they work for us.  
I know it's pretty much pointing out the obvious, but if Scotland (which voted 62% Remain) is independent then the SNP can't "ruin" Brexit for England. Win-Win.  
The sun is shining  And I see now that Brexit has achieved one good thing.It has forced us to explore literally every permutation of not being in the EU, and compare each one to EU membership.In every single case, EU membership has proven to be vastly superior in every way. 
I just said on national tv the public should be given a chance to have their say on the deal done. The only anti democracy account in this conversation is the one trying to suggest public involvement has to stop the day after the referendum … #brexithaos 
There is no advantage to a customs union whatsoever. Unilateral tariff shadowing is all that is required to avoid rules of origin and subsequent border paperwork. A customs union would be a sledgehammer to essentially miss the nut. #Brexit 
WATCH Red on Red: Field vs Creasy Brexit Bunfight [VIDEO]  
GALLOWAY: Labour's volunteered to kill off Brexit, they'll be labelled betrayers and suffer at next general election - @georgegalloway.'Sir Keir Starmer is an excellent backstabber. Nobody knows that better than Jeremy Corbyn.' 
And Labour may or may not have 'changed position on Brexit', it doesn't matter to voters who are desperate to get rid of Tory austerity. Out here, outside of the Westminster bubble, people are more interested in electing a Govt with policies to transform their lives #voteLabour 
We had some company in #Durham#Brexit "worth every penny" apparently... Tim gave one of them the mic, her argument consisted of disputing the figure on the bus.I think there are many more costs of Brexit than just the £2000 million... #stopbrexit #Isitworthitbus 
Here's the thing. I vote Labour.  I voted Leave. My local MP is Tory. He voted Remain. The voters here are one of biggest Leave voter areas in the country.I'M STILL VOTING LABOUR Because I'm more interested in getting a transformative Labour Govt than Brexit. I'm not alone. 
7/ The best option is to stay in the EU. If we leave the EU, we lose influence, and give away control. If we manage to win some back, that will come with strings.This is the reality of Brexit. If people don’t like it, they should have the right to stop it. 
Translation - Tories have decided to claw back powers that rightfully belong to devolved nations and to impose disastrous trade deals on us. If we so much as ask to be consulted on this it will all be our fault when their hard Brexit fails.  
"referendums are senior to elections. We surrendered power to [the British people] to instruct us and they have instructed us."- Frank Field MP urging Jeremy Corbyn not to betray Brexit by opting for EU customs union. #Brexit#LeaveCustomsUnion 
"The idea that somehow the British people were misinformed about Brexit is absolute nonsense" ~ IDS  
What public services? they will be decimated by Brexit.  Anything that comes back will be a drop in the ocean.  
Take a good look, 4 years ago we're promised Home Rule to stay in UK, it wasn't delivered. Now the UK are stripping powers from Holyrood cheered on by the press that delivered Brexit. If you think devolution will survive Brexit you aren't paying attention: 
The Brexit vision that reveals England’s perfidy over Ireland  
Look our position is really clear, we're leaving the EU, we've triggered Article 50. No, no seismic shift on Brexit from @UKLabour.Corbyn wants Brexit Remember that on 3rd May#dontbrexitfixit #StopBrexit 
Here a taste of the integrity level of British politics:Jeremy Corbyn - a eurosceptic who pretends he isn’t to get votesTheresa May - a europhile who pretends she isn’t to get votes No wonder neither party has a coherent position on Brexit! 
Labour are a bunch of jokers. With a straight face they say they respect the leave vote, yet want us to be in a situation where we are unable to strike our own trade deals. How absurd! Very clear now that only the @Conservatives will deliver on the wishes of the people. #Brexit 
WORLD EXCLUSIVE : We've been given a leaked draft of the speech Jeremy Corbyn will deliver on Brexit tomorrow. Having read it we're 100% confident of its authenticity.  
80 senior Labour figures are demanding @jeremycorbyn keeps Britain in single market & customs union. They want to kill Brexit 
Femi Oluwole @Femi_Sorry who belongs to 'Our Future, Our Choice' - a group of young people trying to stop Brexit, has been a regular caller into The @Nigel_Farage Show. This is what happened when both men came face to face  
Our Brexit spokesperson @thomasbrake had this challenge for @jeremycorbyn. He needs to change course and back Britain's place in the customs union and single market. Don't back the Tories in damaging our economy and risking the funding our public services need. 
"The solutions are out there but some people don't want to look at them because they're trying to force the UK to stay in the customs union" @NigelDoddsDUP warns people are using a "misconceived" idea of the Irish border to advance their own version of Brexit or even thwart it  
If Labour do well in the May 3 Local Elections it will be interpreted as a vote for #Brexit. That's what the media will say, and it will be concluded all around that Remainers have no electoral influence and can safely be ignored#StopBrexit #FBPE #ABTV 
The EU and parliament are in control of Brexit, not the cabinet - these two long-standing facts now becoming clearer. 
After the letter of the nearly 40 academics supporting #brexit, I (with other 1,400 academic #brainsforremain) signed a letter urging that Britain remains in the EU. 
The schism has been brought about by the Remainers refusing to accept the result of the Referendum. The way forward is for them to accept democracy, not for Leavers to change their vote. 
DEBUNKED: Project Fear has taken yet another kicking. Barclays CEO says Brexit's going to be fine for City of London."I don’t think Brexit is going to have a significant impact on London as a financial centre." 
The big #Brexit crunch will be in parliament.   
Government has spent 20 months since referendum negotiating with itself about #brexit - and still not got clarity. Only 9 months left to negotiate with rest of EU. What chance of a deal that will work for Britain? 
we must move towards #ScotRef before 29th March 2019 or we will lose Holyrood and all the protection we have with itit's crystal clear UK govt intends to destroy devolutionplease call a new referendum on independence before it's too late 
Examples of such pre referendum obfuscation are summarised here: 
The Archbishop of Canterbury has warned of a xenophobic Britain after Brexit. Do we all need to take a step back and reimagine the future of our country?  
And the BBC has brought an Italian NHS worker on why?? A little attempt to emotionally blackmail the public into seeing how wrong the were to vote #Brexit? F*ck off! #BBCSPI know a guy. Gay, Italian, living in the UK. Pro-Brexit and anti the undemocratic EU. He on next week? 
If Brexit were a cat... 
Just as Labour openly caucuses with Momentum & Communist Party of Britain, "Conservative" arch-Remoaner Dominic Grieve implies his pro-#EU allegiance is so strong, he would vote with Labour & risk a hard-Left Corbyn Govt, just to stop #Brexit.Just let that sink in.  
"Retired" EU Climate Commissioner drawing £210k a year from its pension scheme he paid into for just two years, whilst netting £17,500 a month salary #Brexit  
There will be no benefit to our economy if the U.K. leaves the EU.  The only question is how best to mitigate the damage.   Talk of a “Brexit dividend” by anyone in leadership on Labour side is misleading nonsense.  Hope Jeremy Corbyn makes that clear in his big speech tomorrow. 
Corbyn’s heading towards a Brexit trap. If he is caught Labour’s  finished  
They are telling porkies on #bbcsp over EU nurses in London's NHS.The reason applications dropped was because of the introduction of an English Language Test, not #Brexit. 
Tomorrow .@jeremycorbyn has a chance to make his mark on history by backing the single market and customs union. Will he delight or disappoint? #Brexit #FBPE 
Chairman PPP @BBhuttoZardari has extended felicitation to Habib Bank Workers Front (HBWF) for winning the referendum for Collective Bargaining Agent (CBA) again in the Bank with heavy margin. 
Archbishop Welby Attacks Brexit, Tells Brits to Welcome Mass Migration and ‘Change with the Newcomers’Imam Muhammad Ayed tells Muslim migrants to 'breed children' with Europeans to 'conquer their countries'Brothers under the skin!!!  
This is the fundamental fault line in Britain. There are those who want self governance and those who do not. Brexit demonstrates the UK has lost touch with the art of governance simply because Westminster has been sidelined for four decades. This is the cost of EU membership.  
Corbyn not getting that funds returned will not equal tax revenue lost from damaged economy. He still singing the Brexit tune with UKIP words.   
Shocking news .. so stupid working class Brexit voters just Didn’t get it. @ChukaUmunna 
"On every vote we had on Europe before he became leader, @jeremycorbyn and I were in the same lobby opposing and deeply suspicious of this organisation which is corrupt"@frankfieldteam says Labour’s developed Brexit policy goes against what was said in the election #bbcsp 
Nick Timothy needs to understand democracy.  The referendum result doesn’t prevent anybody from arguing for what is best for the country. 
Britain's wages are picking up as fewer workers from the eastern EU fill jobs  
A brave man, who stood up to fascists and opposes Brexit. You should try doing the same, Jeremy.  
Not only was that not necessarily in the minds of Leave voters, it was also not part of many vocal Leave campaigners platforms pre referendum. Many said leaving the EU did NOT mean leaving the CU. 2/2 
Sunday Times news values - 40 ‘brains’ for Brexit - front page;1,400 brains for Remain - stick it on letters page.  
Just watched your deluded rant on Sunday politics ....you're wrong @stellacreasy ...a few mayors don't represent the voters... betray the referendum at your peril and  you'll see an exodus from labour on a biblical scale from northern voters 
Transcript from my recent evidence session with the Brexit select committee is now online. Includes my thoughts on the ERG letter. 
A hard Brexit spells disaster for the Good Friday Agreement. Great piece from Fintan O’Toole - we should all be worried  
So Tories are hiring ppl to post crap on social media (I paraphrase). I have registered my new JacobRees-Bot account and look forward to explaining the turnippy joys of Brexit to come to all you unwashed, over-breeding plebs. benbradleyXmp is with me. 
/1 Frank Field MP on @SundayPolitics has just pooh-pooed claims that the EU has contributed to peace, referring to the destabilisation on the borders of Russia.This stinks of Kremlin propaganda blaming Putin's aggression in Ukraine on the EU.#StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
The Leave campaign wasn't about leaving no matter what the cost. It was built on the promise that we would be better off out. A second referendum on the final deal should allow voters to decide if that promise has been kept, and give them the option to remain if it hasn't  #bbcsp 
That’s not the point at all. Our letter simply is a response to the Sunday Times “Brains for Brexit” cover story from last week.  
All the evidence you need for a Corbyn Brexit?"And we will use funds returned from Brussels after Brexit to invest in our public services and the jobs of the future, not tax cuts for the richest."There you have itTory Brexit or Corbyn BrexitBrexitIt's going to be Brexit 
Letter to The Times from 1400 remain academics: "You report that 'nearly 40' academics have come together in support of Brexit ('Brainy Brits come out for Brexit' ...). We would like you to know that there are very many more who are of the opposite view."  
The final words on Brexit cut off in this clip were: “we don’t want to turn Britain into a deregulated tax heaven”. Great fun on @Peston this morning. Many thanks for the vegan croissants! 
Archbishop Welby Attacks Brexit, Tells Brits to Welcome Mass Migration and ‘Change with the Newcomers’  
Last March, Sir Patrick Stewart spoke about Brexit to 100,000 in Parliament Square via this video. He will be coming on the Facts bus to speak about Brexit *live* in Oxford's Bonn Square at 2.15 on Monday 26th.  Join us there!  
It really annoys me when Remain MPs start the conversation with “of course we respect the Brexit vote” then go on to condemn it, aware they voted to pass the peoples decision, they think saying they respect it gives then ‘Carte Blanche’ to overturn it. 
1400 brains for Remain. And I am one of them. Together we are clearer! #FBPE#brainsforremain#Brexit  
Umunna, Soubry, Grieve, Clarke, Morgan etc..These names (along with other remain MP's), are the TRUE patriots of our great country. #Brexit  
The choice politicians have to make is very simple:A) Piss 17m people (and falling) off by opposing Brexit, but protect our economy, industries, jobs, NHS, peace in Northern Ireland etc.B) Piss 48m people off by supporting Brexit, and screw our country for generations. 
Fox has been coming out with this mind-numbingly stupid remark since Referendum campaign in 2016. He’s rendered himself deaf & blind to monumental damage Brexit will do to UK’s prosperity, & safety of people in Northern Ireland, who, incidentally, voted Remain  
Interesting. Having previously blamed Ireland, now seems it’s Scotland’s turn to be constructed as barrier to sunlit #brexit uplands  
YOUR COMMENTS: This morning Mail readers have been discussing the societal divisions brought about by Brexit, and I’m afraid it doesn’t look good for the ‘communist traitor snowflake socialist luvvie on benefits’ crowd.  
I've spent 2 years not openly criticising Corbyn over his Brexit stance, but this is a step too far. He's just mimicking Leave lies now. There will be no "funds returned from Brexit" #WATON #FBPE 
The dangerous implications of Brexit for the GFA were spelt out by John Major and Tony Blair at a joint event in Belfast before the Referendum - and dismissed, of course, as Project Fear by the Leave Campaign  
As Corbyn shifts Labour towards soft Brexit, Tory jitters grow HA! THE TORY WHIPS HAVE DONE THE MATHS - AND THEY DON'T LIKE THE RESULT !Excellent piece by Rawnsley ! 
So, under Labour, the UK wouldn’t be able to go out and forge trade deals with countries around the world, a key pillar of #Brexit. This is a betrayal.  
Those suggesting NC5 could lead to collapse of Govt are wrong. It’s a hard ‘brittle Brexit’ that would fracture the Govt & break our economy. The more that sign #NC5 the greater the reality check for the hard Brexiteers 
.@fotoole: ‘The EU has refused to pretend that there is no Irish problem....The sleeping beauties on the Tory right, for whom ignorance of Ireland was Brexit bliss, are finally waking up to these implications.’  
Tory MP Liam Fox, who once said we should remove regulations like  labour protection laws, just told @MarrShow workers rights will be safe after Brexit. In December Theresa May refused 8 times to rule out scrapping vital workers’ rights after Brexit!   
It’s time for MPs from across the Commons to unite to show they have read the evidence on the economic pain & consequences of a hard Brexit & understand the implications for peace in N Ireland. #NC5 
So 1400 Remain Brains respond to last week’s Sunday Times piece on 40 Brains for Brexit! Thanks to @Scientists4EU for pic. 
Keir Starmer QC - The Negotiator #Brexit #Marr 
Woman on #PatersononSunday states there is NO constituency for "hard Brexit". The mental illness of the Left on display. Leave means leave. 
Wow. This is extraordinary from @conspirator0. Remember @DavidJo52951945? The is-he-or-isn't-he-Russian? Now reborn as @DavidJoBrexit? This is a network diagram constructed from a sample of 103151 tweets from the month immediately preceding Brexit. He's the largest node.  
Alex Deane - "We need to look to our relations with the rest of the world and build trade deals with them because, like it or not, we are leaving the EU. We now have to accept that reality." #Brexit  
Labour's Frank Field: "Voters will feel that yet again the political class has stuck two fingers up at them" if Corbyn calls for a Customs Union."Any more mucking about with Brexit and Labour’s chances of forming the next government will go up in smoke."  
EU 27 nationals in Britain are on average better educated and more likely to be employed than the natives. What migrant problem? Maybe the real problem is decades of inadequate education & training. #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit  
The local elections in May are an opportunity for Londoners to send the Tory Government a message that we don’t want their chaotic extreme hard Brexit approach.  
Signing #NC5 doesn’t undermine PM. It allows her to make it clear to the minority trying to hold her to ransom with threats of a leadership challenge, that their vision of full divergence & walk-away hard Brexit simply won’t pass the Commons. 
Since the Brexit vote  my great respect for A Marr has plummeted to utter contempt He is a rampant leftist remoaner who stifles opposing interviewees and imposes his views upon the audience at every opportunity. Yet again a shocking example of BBC institutional Bias 
Thanks so much to the >1400 academics who signed letter against Brexit in today’s @thesundaytimes  - & especially to @mikegalsworthy @cliodiaspora @acgrayling for making it happen. Great working with you 
Translation: We're doing a perfectly good job of turning Brexit into a complete mess, and we're upset that the Scottish & Welsh governments won't give us their blessing to sell everything that's not nailed down.  
Labour confirms a significant Brexit policy change, backing a customs union with the EU #marr 
more than 80 senior figures from across the party warn Jeremy Corbyn that he will be unable to fund his promised investment in schools, hospitals and social care unless the UK stays in the EU single market.#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit #ABTV #WATON 
Evidence mounts that the EU has no interest in a fair Brexit deal  
#EUsuperdad is a lecturer at #Sheffield universityHe hates #Brexit as much as I do.Why?Because of damage to the institution he cares passionately about: loss of research funding, decline in EU students and staff, damage to trade in knowledge and cross cultural collaboration  
Here's the problem with the UK approach to #Brexit. We want to play by the Rules. The EU prefers to make them up. It would be better to tear up the rule book, tell them we are off and they won't be getting ANY of our cash. 
Apparently there is concern from @DLidington that devolution will “ruin Brexit”, so remember who promised it before the referendum.  
1. Your Vice Chair for Youth just committed libel.2. When will the NHS be getting that £350m a week from Brexit?3. Theresa May’s racist ‘Go Home’ vans.4. Your government is propped up by the racist, sexist, homophobic right-wing tabloid press.  
I mean look at this shit. Russia Today is the third top result for "Brexit". I mean, really @youtube??? Talk me through how that works. pic.twitter.com/6Yf0moOkov 
40 ‘brains for Brexit’ & 1,400 for Remain in Sunday Times today. But why are academics so overwhelmingly against Br…  
BETRAYAL: Keir Starmer confirms Labour's plot to keep Britain in a Customs Union post-Brexit.The public voted for change & for Britain to make trade deals around the world. This isn't Brexit, it's a betrayal. 
It is NOT new!!!MARCH 2017:.@Keir_Starmer: “@UKLabour Has Six Tests For Brexit – If They’re Not Met We Won’t Back The Final Deal In Parliament”#2. Does it deliver the “exact same benefits” as we currently have as members of the Single Market and Customs Union? 
UK de facto Deputy PM (David Liddington) warns the Scottish & Welsh not to try to derail #Brexit. N ireland already causing unforeseen problems. Proof if needed this is an #EnglishBrexit. 
The lying Brexit Taliban make up nonsense about Corbyn yet ignore the potentially treasonous links between Brexit, Trump, Farage, Leave and Putin? #Marr #Magnitsky #TrumpRussia #BrexitRussia 
First the Irish with their pesky 'peace' and 'border' now the Scots are ruining Brexit  
HA!!#marrAM to Fox (disgraced former Defence Secretary now #Brexit Trade Sec)"He (Keir Starmer) was a lot clearer than you (Fox) "YEP and would make a better job of the entire negotiating process ! 
Labour's reversal on the customs union is a betrayal of 17.4 million Brexit voters and the 12.9 million people who voted for Labour last year. Shameful. 
“This isn’t the Brexit I voted for – let’s have a second referendum so I can make amends”  
The lack of detail or clarity on basic questions on Brexit - 19 months after the referendum - from Liam Fox is contemptible #marr 
We've agreed to "develop" our #Brexit policy - Shadow Brexit Secretary @Keir_Starmer on Labour plans for a customs union  #Marr 
Utter hypocrisy for Liam Fox to lecture others on the perils of putting ideology before economic prosperity when that is exactly what he is doing by opposing the UK’s continued participation in the Customs Union and Single Market when they are the least worst options if we Brexit 
Starmer has made it abundantly clear to #Marr that Labour's position on #Brexit is to ignore the Referendum result and pretend to leave only. 
That bloody SNP, protecting Scotland's public services, food and environmental standards that the Tories want to sell off and dilute in their post-Brexit trade deals. The gall of them.  
So @GovUK determination to use #Brexit  via #EUWithdrawalBill to roll back devolution and reduce powers of devolved parliaments -  constantly denied up until now by Tory Ministers, MPs & MSPs - is actually true . 
Hard Brexit will harm patients in the following ways:- Delays for life-saving medicines- Fewer UK based clinical trials- Lower investment - An NHS staffing shortage- Reduction in research funding- Estrangement from continental health expertise 
UNACCEPTABLE: Jeremy Corbyn urged to stay in Single Market post-Brexit by 80 prominent Labour figures.He's expected to push to keep Britain in a Customs Union too - this isn't Brexit! 
Labour and @Keir_Starmer arguing for a Brexit that's friendly to the economy and jobs; Conservatives for ideological purity. How the world has changed... 
.@Keir_Starmer is hinting at staying in the Customs Union on #Marr, @jeremycorbyn is now thinking of a “soft” #Brexit.#Corbyn instructed his MP’s to vote to leave the Single Market & Customs Union a few months back. More positions than the Karma Sutra 
.@Keir_Starmer is right that Parliament must have its say on the Conservatives Brexit deal - but so must the people. They must have the right to have their say, and an exit from Brexit if they choose #marr 
"We've agreed to develop our Brexit policy" @Keir_Starmer says Labour want to have access to 'a' customs union which 'will do the work of the current customs union' #marr 
Marr: "After we leave, who will be in charge of trade policy?"Starmer: "That will have to be negotiated."@Keir_Starmer confirms a Labour government would sell out the British public on Brexit and tie us into a protectionist Customs Union with the EU. Shameful!  
Floundering #Marr failing to make a dent in Keir Starmer's very consistent approach to how #Brexit could look under #Labour He knows it's a winning formula and so do the #Tories Hence all the anti - Corbyn rubbish! 
Starmer confirms that customs unions shift in Labour policy; Want to remain in a customs union and EU will lead on trade talks post-Brexit. Clear blue water now between Labour and the Tories #marr 
Last week the Sunday Times featured “nearly 40 brains for Brexit”Today it’s over 1,400 brains for remain.  
Is he seriously still talking about a Brexit dividend? He's as bad as Boris!☟Corbyn vows to use 'funds returned from Brussels' on public services post-Brexit  
In over 2 years of rhetoric, a referendum and negotiations by the Tories we have yet to hear the word “England”. Scots don’t want Brexit, Wales will lose power and Tories had to buy NI. It’s desperate. A sincerely racist, insular and imperialist bunch. 
Everyone knew what the referendum meant. The despicable antics of Anna Soubry, Dominic Grieve & Co and their Remoaner allies in the Labour Party are a disgrace.  
So what have we learned todayEnglang voted for BREXIT and are now shittin themselves 
Summary:1. A message to Labour: fight for Our NHS. Fight Brexit.2. Brexit will destroy Our NHS.3. Admittedly, I haven't provided a single convincing reason why this will happen.4. But hey, this is the Graun - tedious things like 'evidence' aren't needed.5. That's all, folks!  
Every type of #Brexit makes us poorer.Anyone saying otherwise is deceiving the country.#StopBrexitSaveBritain #StopBrexit #FBPE #BrexitReality #ExitFromBrexit 
“We’re told @jeremycorbyn is changing direction on Brexit as well...we’ve heard that MANY times before” #Marr 
Proud to have signed this letter against Brexit along with 1400 academics. Read the letter and see the full list in The Times today:  
So it's the dastardly SNP ruining #Brexit, is it? Not a hopelessly shambolic and incompetent UK Tory government that couldn't negotiate its way out of a wet paper bag, whilst dragging us out of the EU against our will? 
Bin the transition, secure US trade deal and let’s go global! #Brexit  
If the UK can’t produce a viable & workable arrangement then there’s no mandate to Brexit - at which point MPs must do their civic duty & bring the debacle to an end  
Have you noticed there has not been one single good news about #brexit since the referendum in June 2016? It's all been bad & it will continue getting worse & worse #FBPE #marr 
Poor Owen Farrell looking absolutely gutted at all the weekend's news. "Why won't the universities bow? Why must the SNP ruin Brexit? Damn those aid charities!"  
Here you go Remainers.The one where Corbyn sells Brexit a la Boris Johnson..Had enough yet?   
Blue passports are the go to litmus test for "Brexit stupid." If they've hailed that crock of tripe as a victory they're nostalgists and thatched cottage nationalists who want a Spitfire on every drive. 
The longer @theresa_may and the government fail to set a clear, determined and decisive agenda on Brexit the deeper the divisions in society will grow and the more problematic they will be to heal. #getagrip 
I still have some hope that Brexit can be stopped. I'll enjoy rebuilding bridges with our friends & neighbours. I trust we can address the concerns of those ordinary Brits who voted to leave the EU.  
While over 1400 academics against Brexit didn’t make the front page, we do have our own url:  (obviously chosen as last week’s piece thus js a response to was entitled ‘Brains for Brexit”). Some of the main signatories here and *all* online.  
Ex PM Tony Blair accuses those “prepared to sacrifice the GFA on altar of Brexit” of demonstrating “sickening” irresponsibility  
This isn’t the Brexit I voted for – we need a second referendum now  
To fight for our NHS’s future stability, we have to fight Brexit.  
It took Theresa May 5 hours to manoeuvre Tory cabinet into position that won’t last 5 minutes in Brexit talks...  
As a former Lecturer & Hon Senior Lecturer at London University I have no doubt the vast majority of British academics are anti Brexit & Brexiteers are not fooling anyone with their misleading campaign to convince the public that UK's greatest thinkers are with them! THEY ARE NOT  
If you want a business to change their position on an issue you stop buying from them.If you want a political party to change their position on an issue you stop voting for them.Send a message on May 3rd. Brexit must be stopped.#FBPE #StopBrexit #brexit 
A message to Labour: fight for the NHS. Fight Brexit. Today’s Observer column  
Problem with this is that Vote Leave deliberately had no one version of Brexit. That’s why 35% of leave voters thought their vote was to leave Single Market... and 54% thought it was to stay in Single Market but without Free Movement. See:  
The “funds returned from Brussels” will be a drop in the ocean compared to the loss of revenue caused by the economic destruction that Brexit will wreak. It’s time Corbyn woke up to this reality in order to protect those he claims to stand up for. #stopbrexit 
I was happy to sign this 'Brains for Remain' letter by 1400 academics against the stupidity of Brexit:  
The full story of what really happened at that Chequers cabinet meeting on Brexit  
I know Jeremy Corbyn is no Euro enthusiast but I'm still amazed that he'd repeat such a divisive Vote Leave message. If he and Boris know that the economic cost of leaving means there won't be a Brexit dividend, why say it?  
Government are deploying every trick in the book to dodge Parliament when it comes to Brexit. Glad that @IndyOnSunday spotted this today: 
Liam Fox is ideologically opposed to the NHS - he will be seeking to use it as a token in securing a US trade deal post-Brexit. Our NHS is not safe. #StopBrexit #Marr  #Paterson 
LONDON KNIFE CRISISIn Camden, there were SIX stabbings in one night alone this week, including two deaths. And yet the London Mayor concerns himself more with the 'horror' of Brexit than with tackling the real horror of young Londoners being slaughtered on his watch.  
This is on a par with the Johnson £350m a week to the NHS! Now @jeremycorbyn is using hard right Brexiter lies. There is no Brexit dividend, we will be poorer. Someone tell him!  
Brexit threatens everything I fought for in the Second World War. On my 95th birthday, this is what people need to know  
Corbyn vows to use 'funds returned from Brussels' on public services post-Brexit 
This isn’t the Brexit I voted for – let’s have a second referendum so I can make amends - #BrexitRegret 
Total respect for Dominic Grieve. Brexit is about the future of our country not about tribal politics and who is or will be the temporary government.  
“The prospective damage to the health service from leaving the EU is severe. How can the party of Attlee contemplate it?” Come on @UKLabour - wake up from your #Brexit trance & fight for the #NHS #StopBrexit  
A gentle plea. Seen lots of comments this weekend from Anti-Brexit people like “We should remind people it’s non-EU migration they don’t like”. As a non-EU migrant and passionate Remainer: please don’t. Most of us are visible targets of hate already. 
Very interesting thread on bots / trolls and EU Referendum.  It’s quite long but stick with it to the end: 
I'd like to see the look on his face when someone tells him 'Scotland' voted against the EEC in the 1975 referendum so were 'dragged in' against their will. 
Fascinating article on why it’s so difficult for us to change our views. “our identity is invested in the opinions & beliefs we hold; threaten those beliefs & you threaten self-understanding”. #BehaviouralPsychology #neuroscience #Brexit #GunControl 
More evidence that Putin troll accounts and bots “dominated” #Brexit vote discussion on Twitter  @carolecadwalla @profcarroll @DamianCollins @justinhendrix @J_amesp @RVAwonk @WendySiegelman 
Conclusion: between a Kremlin agitprop account with 100K followers, various bots, and whatever we didn't notice, influence operations drove much of the pre-vote Brexit Twitter discussion. If social media affects voting decisions, these operations were relevant to the outcome. 
One more: @piohifelne. In the days leading up to the Brexit vote, it tweeted about Brexit in English. Interestingly, it has now transitioned to Russian.  
Let's take a look at a couple of examples of 24/7 accounts tweeting about Brexit around the time of the referendum. First up: @SurviveEnd. This one has a heavy conspiracy theory theme. It stopped tweeting in November 2016, but was quite active prior to the vote. 
Before Scotland’s 2014 independence referendum, the voting age was lowered to 16.86 Scottish parliamentarians backed the change. Only 8 votes opposed it.Scotland trusted its young people, and they took voting rights seriously — turning out at 75%. 
A large proportion of the harm of Brexit could be avoided if UK did not insist on its rules diverging from the EU's. 2/ 
Good Aussies are #Resisting against Turnbull, good Americans against Trump, good Russian's against Putn, good UKers against brexit.The #Resistance is a global movement against fascism and Bigotry. #AustralianResistance #RussianResistance 
After 40 brains backed Brexit in last week's paper today 1400 of the top names in  British universities sign a letter for Remain @thesundaytimes 
Jeremy Corbyn's #Brexit shift on membership of the EU Customs Union is an inspired tactic to force the @Conservatives into voting for a General Election. Question is, will the electorate view his shift as a betrayal ? 
Brexit: Labour figures urge Corbyn to back single market  
That which is not reserved is devolved - I thought Ross would know that, being an MP an' all that Or are you too busy sookin' up Theresa's bahookie to see when your country is being shafted Ross ? How about aiming some of your whining towards the disaster of tory #Brexit ?? 
EU workers arn't 'going back home' they're leaving home, I'm tired of watching talented scientists I know leave, we're so screwed. Brexit has done damage that will take several generations to undo. 
It’s time to separate EU migration fact from Brexit fantasy.The government’s failure to limit non-EU migration exposes the idiocy of its arbitrary cap.#StopBrexit and save your right to live, work, travel and retire across the EU. #FBPE. 
Pretty conclusive but the real clue has always lain in the statements from key politicians in both main #Brexit supporting parties...how often do we hear they'll get the 'Best Deal Possible' & never a 'BETTER DEAL'? Don't need to be an economist to work that one out!#FinalSay 
Independence Referendum: Scottish rugby legends tackle Alex Salmond's 'Team Scotland' reference and urge Sc... For all you Nats giving the rest of us a hard time re "Real Scots"   
Please take a moment to review  for important information on the referendum.  It's important everyone takes the time to vote and casts an informed vote.  
Shoppers could save MILLIONS if they buy BRITISH after Brexit, food champion says  
I've never stopped fighting for the BREXIT we voted for @Nigel_Farage @andywigmore @Arron_banks and we must prepare for IMMEDIATE Battle with @theresa_may @DavidDavisMP @BorisJohnson @andrealeadsom @Jacob_Rees_MoggTime to prove they are British & not EU LuvviesBREXIT   
Brexit’s true believers have only just woken up to the fact that the 1998 treaty, which is effectively a part of the UK’s constitution, makes the hard Brexit they desire virtually impossible.   
#blockchain and the challenges of #Brexit: ‘The opportunities are limitless’cc @ipfconline1 @cgledhill @andi_staub @Stevewal63 @jblefevre60 @seandotau @sallyeaves @floriansemle @Damien_CABADI @nigelwalsh @BarkowConsult @Xbond49 
I haven't been an academic for about 25 years, but I dimly recall that when you have about 40 times the number of academics on one side of an argument as on the other (that's over 97% *against* Brexit), then that's regarded as fairly strongly persuasive.  
Liam Fox is a contributing member of Jacob Rees Mogg's Hard Brexit Europrean Research Group; is keen to help out his buddy Rupert Murdoch by dropping Leveson 2 and wants to establish the UK as Tax Haven for the Rich... #Marr  #StopBrexit 
I've been out and about in the UK for the last 2 weeks. I haven't overheard  (OK eavedropped) on a SINGLE conversation about Brexit.It's like a taboo.Nobody talks about it in public. For fear of an argument.Thank God for twitter!#FBPE 
Brexit trade deals could be ruined by SNPNoBrexit trade deals could be ruined by Brexit 
What an appalling situation, A majority support a Brexit which puts our economy first and foremost but is denied it by the leadership of the 2 main parties. It doesn’t have to be like this. Time to put country before party.  
Nigel always says how he doesn't believe the negative economic forecasts. But if he truly believed we'd be fine, his response to "will Brexit make us richer or poorer", wouldn't be:"Well never mind all that! Look at all this shiny blue identity!" 
Whoever it was in Labour's team who suggested Ben Bradley put "please retweet" in his apology to Corbyn should be heading up the Brexit negotiations. 
Fantastic 11000 and we are there brilliant work everyone just one more lap : Petition: End the export of live farm animals after Brexit.  
I think the Tories are getting the message, it they stitch us up on Brexit they will be the paty that ignored democracy, they will be finishrd as a party, they will be ignored by the Majority, i.e. the people voted for Brexit, we ALL knew what we were voting for & demand delivery 
It’s no surprise that the Tory agenda is to destroy the Scottish economy and cause untold serious damage to Aberdeen in particular. They care only about Brexit at any cost and they’ll happily ruin Scotland in the process.  
This isn’t the Brexit I voted for – we need a second referendum now   
EU at war: The member states REFUSING to pay Brussels more after Brexit  
The UK is not a Country you schlumpWhen we leave the UK you can go and stay in the Brexit part of the UK#sorted 
- it's about opportunities for the youth too. We've built frameworks in science, cultural exchange, SME investment, health, space, education, rights - that our govt are now pulling us out of.Brexit wrecks so much and pours money into a profitless black hole. 
READ | Yet more Brexit disaster. Prospects of a top US trade deal are diminishing thanks to transition and mixed messages from May, says Nigel Farage. Baffling and deeply worrying. Read more:  
"#TonyBlair represents those people who campaigned to stay in, lost the vote and now see that their only way of changing things is to have a #Brexit that is in name only so we leave but we have not really left, or get a referendum." #Brexitlegend, #KateHoey, saying it like it is. 
There were "nearly 40 brains for Brexit" hailed in @thesundaytimes last week, so with @acgrayling, @cliodiaspora & @martinmckee we rustled up nearly 1,400 brains against Brexit for this week.But it's not just numbers fun. Unis, science, arts, etc are being damaged by Brexit.  
MPs sound alarm over moves to block Lords from changing Theresa May's EU withdrawal plansGovernment procedure could avoid scrutiny of Brexit customs plan. Outrageous.One for @Andrew_Adonis @malloch_brown @GeorgeFoulkes @RichardNewby3#StopBrexit #FBPE 
If it ain't Ireland that's getting in the way of a truly pure, true and properly glorious Brexit, it's Scotland. Surely the obvious answer is to ditch the UK's endlessly obstructive Celtic fringe and go for English independence  
I should remind @IanBlackfordMP that Scotland never had a Brexit vote.It was a UK vote, for the UK to either leave or remain in the EU.Leave won, so get over it & start working with the UK Government to get the best possible deal for the whole country. 
Don’t miss one particular gem in tomorrow’s @thesundaytimes: 1,400 academics sign anti-Brexit letter (against 37 who started the pro-Brexit campaign last Sunday....). Credit to @stephenbleach, our acting letters editor. 
Brexit is great! This month I'll go to my bank and pay my mortgage with freedom, liberty and identity. 
Unbelievable! I'm not surprised that he thinks that. I'm shocked that he doesn't even bother to hide how little he cares about the economic effects of his pet Brexit.  
We’re not allowed to know about figures, of course, but I assume all the savings we made during austerity have now been burned up by Brexit. 
Far from more powers, the British government are using Brexit to change the already voted on devolved powers - let's be clear, the UK is in a bad way and they need to make bad trade deals with poor standards to survive. So they can't accept a Scottish government putting us first!  
You voted Brexit because you wanted life to finally get better for you and yours.Nigel Farage DOES NOT GIVE SH*T ABOUT YOU!Ideology at the expense of suffering. That's extremism!!  
MUST READ | It's time for the British establishment to face up to reality, Nigel Farage needs to be their liaison with Washington if we're to secure a US trade deal, after the Brexit hero proved, yet again, to be a rip-roaring success at #CPAC. 
Brexit threatens everything I fought for in the Second World War. On my 95th birthday, this is what people need to know   
Be aware.The current state of affairs in parliament is: after a "meaningful" debate on the Brexit deal, MPs will have the right to accept the deal or leave the EU without a deal.Those are the only options.Corbyn refused to accept an option to Remain.That's why May 3rd matters  
It's funny cos he gambled the country's future on a referendum to appease his mental party and it backfired and now we are totally fucked forever   
Labour alliance piles pressure on Corbyn over Brexit stance 
Brexit rapidly overtaking Suez as Britain’s greatest diplomatic delusion. @PolakPolly explains 
Remoaner MP's will get a shock come the day we leave ! How dare those MPs who have steadfastly refused to accept the result of the referendum now try to dictate the terms of Brexit and try at any opportunity to weaken Britains Brexit decision. pic.twitter.com/tDqiTkAOKy 
Breaking!:MP admits making a statement that was wholly untrue and false.Well! What the fuckety fuck next, a Brexit that works for everyone? 
Mr & Mrs Brexit? Sure. But behind these smiles are 17.4 million people who will NEVER see the Brexit they voted for. Dig in your heels people. Time for us to get furious & fight back for Britain. #Brexit #MBGA @CPAC #MAGA 
Never thought the country and Tory party could be this divided but Brexit particularly the hard Brexit still favoured by the government leaves people like sensible and mainstream Ed making such extraordinary comments  
 #ITALY #ELECTIONS #EU NIGHTMARE AFTER #BREXIT Italian 'Farage' #Salvini leader of the right-wing League said he will fight Brussels to make sure “Italy Comes First" #MIGA #MAGA Smells Like #Italexit  #BordersClosed #TravelBan #NoMigrants 
Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby warns Brexit and austerity 'dividing' Britain  
.Looks like Corbyn's wee speech on Monday won't be enough for his own party colleagues.....Won't be enough for the rest of us unless he shifts his stance & FULLY opposes Brexit. . 
Proud to stand with comrades across labour movement in opposing hard Brexit and calling for customs union and single market to be what we commit to fight for as vital to Britain’s future and challenging austerity - if you agree join us in @laboursinglemkt! 
.@thomasbrake: "Liberal Democrats believe Britain is stronger in the European Union, and avoiding Brexit and the damage it will do to our economy is crucial in building the world class public services the public deserve."  
If we are serious about stopping the Tories’ damaging hard Brexit now is the time for the Labour Party to commit to staying in the Single Market as well as a Customs Union.   
.@thomasbrake - "Jeremy Corbyn has been weak on Brexit, and his continuing failure to back Britain’s place in the single market and customs union is economic self-immolation.I am pleased to see that there are progressives in the Labour party willing to call him out on this."  
JK is obviously a very talented writer and an inspiration to anyone wanting to be an author. However, as we approach Brexit with Scotland's voice not being heard, here's a wee reminder of her greatest work of fiction. #indyref2 
Watch and retweet! Most Tories think Brexit is ludicrous. They want to stop the ERG and now they are coming out and saying so in public. The ERG are destroying their party, Parliamentary democracy and our country.  
I just explained to an ardent Leaver that his beloved #Brexit will destroy our family business, and many others like it, and put staff on the dole. He politely commiserated, but said some would have to lose out. We’re collateral damage to these lunatics. They’d see us all burn. 
Sunday’s OBSERVER: “Labour alliance piles pressure on Corbyn over Brexit stance” #bbcpapers #tomorrowspaperstoday 
Britain was (X) to vote to leave the European Union. #Brexit #FBPEPlease RT after you vote for a larger sample. 
Why a second referendum would be better than the chaotic Brexit towards which Britain is heading  
To the MPs still hiding behind the 'will of the people', what will be worse? Stopping Brexit & incurring the anger of the few stupids who still think it is a good idea. Not stopping Brexit & incurring the wrath of everyone else when everything turns to shit? 
My wife is an NHS doctor with an option to move (back) to New Zealand. My mother has cancer. If we left my mother would say her final goodbye to her granddaughters at an airport. That Brexit has made me even think about this angers, disgusts and upsets me. Fuck you Brexit! 
Britain will have ‘extra advantage’ with smart borders AFTER Brexit admits EU expert  
Just to remind everyone of what was said about the referendum by the man who called ithttps://t.co/iLHJiWHHpe?ssr=true 
Passing crucial Brexit legislation in time is now 'logistically impossible', Lib Dems warn  
This isn’t the Brexit I voted for – we need a second referendum now  
Brexit now impossible to implement in time  
They got a signal of what would come: Brexit. They heard the voices of the Austrians and Czechs.Now, Italy. This is the big one.  Welcome to the real world, Brussels.On 4 March, Italians vote at a general election. #3 EU27 economy. Inside the Eurozone. High unemployment. 
“This isn’t the Brexit I voted for – let’s have a second referendum so I can make amends”“David Davis once said ‘if a democracy cannot change its mind, it ceases to be a democracy’. Well Mr Davis, I wish to change my mind”#StopBrexit #RemainerNow #FBPE  
There is more chance of Springsteen playing my living room than Corbyn stopping Brexit. 
“Discipline has completely broken down in the parliamentary party, so no one tells anyone off as there’s no power anywhere.” #Brexit #Conservatives#marr 
So Corbyn will favour A CUSTOMS UNION but not THE CUSTOMS UNION which he can’t commit to because it would need to be negotiated with the EU.He wants frictionless, tariff free trade in a jobs first Brexit.My money on the leak being accurate he will vote down Soubry’s amendment. 
Tell him from this Leave Voter that he’s a charlatan. I held my nose at his xenophobia, in good faith of an orderly soft Brexit. I’m one of many Leavers to have been cheated and - he now needs to own that. 
EU's £24bn BOMBSHELL: Lithuania admits Brexit cost is DOUBLE the previous estimate  
Well my family has been torn apart.  My son, daughter in law and family moved to Finland due to the xenophobic comments made to her after Brexit.  
Looking forward to hearing @Andrew_Adonis speak in Leeds on 24th March. "If Brexit happens, taking us back into Europe will become the mission of our children's generation, who will marvel at your acts of destruction"#GreatNorthernMarch#StopBrexit 
I’ve eaten in one of these, and the service was appalling. Not short staffed, just staff who didn’t know what they were doing. I guess that was down to rent and Brexit as well..  
I hear EU have said Britain's brexit plans are based on pure illusion , I'm hoping walking away with no deal is not an illusion, constantly dictating how they want it with no give at all , please just walk away, we will be fine we're British. 
Brexit threatens everything I fought for in the Second World War. On my 95th birthday, this is what people need to know  
The Arsecockle Of the Week Winners so far...our gallery of nonsense...Toby YoungThe Brexit Hamper GuysThe President’s ClubJacob Rees-Mogg TWICEBoris JohnsonJulia Hartley-BrewerThat’s the dinner party from hell... 
Huge impact of #BrexitReality on supply of medicines, yet @Jeremy_Hunt not even included in #Brexit Cabinet meeting & no Health Sectoral impact analysis!Quality Control testing MUST be carried out inside EU so more jobs under threat too!#BrexitCrazy  
The vast majority of UK businesses sell nothing to the EU so what is all the fuss over an EU trade deal about? Brexit if it hurts anyone hurts big business no wonder most big businesses are pro EU. Let's back UK small businesses for a change. #ForBritain 
May says 'managed divergence', 'smooth & frictionless', I hear "Brexit rubbish".The Brexit being planned is NOTHING like what was promised by @LeaveEUOfficial. Say #StopBrexit in Leeds on March 24th & support the protest:  Pls RT @LeedsEurope #FBPE #PCPEU 
The British people still haven’t said which of the four different versions of Brexit they want  
This is odd. We are at a tipping point, with millions of Leave and non-voters realising that #Brexit is an empty shell, yet still the Brexiters cannot provide us with a single potential benefit. They have lost, we’ll put #Brexit behind us.#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Filthy #TRAITOR #DominicGrieve #FakeTory #MP who supports #NoNationConservatism! Will #Vote down his own #Government in order to stop YOUR #BREXIT! #BBC #SKY @LBC #LBC @ConHome #UK @CCHQPress #Tory @Jacob_Rees_Mogg @Conservatives #Conservatives #Conservative @theresa_may #EU 
Tomorrow on #marr, International Trade Secretary @LiamFox and Shadow Brexit Secretary @Keir_Starmer. #marr 
*THIS* Brexit is is all wrong. That’s a message we can unite around.  
We really enjoyed meeting Keith in Hull, a former fisherman and a proper trade union gent.He voted for Brexit, but believes the people should be able to review the terms. #OFOCinHull 
Maggie thatcher, Winston Churchill, ant & Dec, the chuckle brothers, jellied eels, Brexit! Your boys took a hell of a beating!!! #SCOvENG  
The #Leave campaign has almost been driven off social media as Brexit supporters face #BrexitReality. They've run out of arguments and now face disaster. The #FBPE community and the #remainers now dominates the agenda and we're winning. #FinalSay 
I wonder when Nicola Sturgeon will finally work out why Mike Russell wasn't invited to the Brexit meeting?  
European Council leader says UK's Brexit position based on "pure illusion"  
Enthusiastic crowd at #Belfast hearing of benefits of #EU and opposition to #Brexit. #ShineALight4Europe 
Me too sending  for Dominic grieve, baroness warsi and @edvaizey. Tide has turned. Brexit is dead.  
BREAKING: EU on verge of financial collapse as Netherlands REFUSES new budget demands  via @Your Brexit 
I sometimes wonder whether we used up all our news in the UK in the 18 months to June 2017, and we are just recycling the same 3 or 4 stories since. Ken Livingstone Hitler row, “Government to unveil new Brexit plans”, Labour moderate loses party post. On endless loop. 
Our generation cannot be threatened by the younger generation pushing for powerful change in ways that we never did. That's evolution; it is not a referendum on us, it's the way things are supposed to be. Salut. #EmmaGonzales #GunControlNow #StandingRock  
The Good Friday Agreement would like to be the band at Brexit’s retirement do.  
"Tony Blair represents those people who campaigned to stay in, lost the vote and now see that their only way of changing things is to have a Brexit that is in name only so we leave but we have not really left, or get a referendum." Brexit legend, Kate Hoey, saying it like it is.  
I am a #ConservativeI believe in the Nation State.I do not believe in a world with Open Borders.I am a proud Brexiteer and will fight for the #Brexit the country voted for.Freedom of movement must end on March 29th 2019#CPAC2018#LBCLIVE #skynews #bbcdp 
#FILTHY #TRAITOR #DominicGrieve the sanctimonious Anti Brexit #Conservative #MP trying to destroy #Brexit & bring down his #Government!  #BBC #SKY @LBC #LBC @ConHome #UK @CCHQPress #Tory @Jacob_Rees_Mogg @Conservatives #Conservatives #ConservativeParty 
Do we believe the Russians interfered with Brexit, to destroy Europe and weaken NATO?   Farage and Assange?   Perhaps we need a special prosecutor too. 
EU's £24bn BOMBSHELL: Lithuania admits Brexit cost is DOUBLE the previous estimate  
Chance of halting Brexit now close to 50:50, says leading campaigner."Brexit can be stopped if people want it to be stopped," says @BestForBritain’s @eloisetodd. "It is absolutely not over yet."Keep campaigning to #StopBrexit and #Remain. #FBPE. 
#Map shows Europe (and surrounding areas) at the eve of #WWI in 1914. Borders should change quite a bit in the following decades under the most horrible circumstances. Sign of progress that a #Brexit will be more peaceful. Source:  pic.twitter.com/G7jAF2qsFs 
This is revenge for Brexit. #SCOvENG 
Summary: 1. This isn’t the Brexit I voted for.2. [NB: I *didn't* vote for Brexit, but admitting that would spoil a great headline.]3. So: let's have Our Second Referendum.4. And indeed, as many Referendums as are necessary to deliver the correct result.5. That's all, folks!  
Of course that means fighting #Brexit and fighting the xenophobes and haters who try to hijack the whole thing. It means  emphasising the beauty and benefits we gain from migration, diversity and merging cultures. It means loving those who are different from me all the more! 2/2 
Mark Noble is a Brexit cunt 
I love @Harryslaststand wishing him many more happy returns for his 95th birthday  tomorrow #Brexit threatens everything I fought for as a soldier in the Second World War  
I can’t wait until Brexit actually happens because I’ll be able to tweet Michael Gove and say ‘So long, and thanks for all the fishing’ 
I want to hear. #brexit has proved to be #self-harm and as mature nation when something proves to be wrong- we reserve the right to change our mind. 
Nigel Farage vows to return to frontline politics if public given second referendum’Someone ought to let @BBC know that Farage isn’t currently involved in frontline politics. Seems they didn’t get the memo when he quit as UKIP leader. 
Upvoted - This man's explanation of why young people should stop Brexit is flooring people:  
Oh shut it. You and your Party support Brexit which is going to destroy our economy.  
Brexit: Tory MP Dominic Grieve prepared to vote against the Government.“The national interest comes before my personal interest and, ultimately, it must come before my party, because the issue is far too important.”#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Report on the @isitworthitbus #Brexit Truth Bus visit to #Leeds last night in @yorkshirepost “We can & we will stop #Brexit”   
Our current UK gov't negotiation position is;To remain aligned to the EU in the areas where it suits us, but the freedom to diverge in those areas in where we believe we can gain a competitive advantage over the EU by doing soThis is why either the UK or brexit will fail 
Less than 12k signatures to go. Please RT like crazy to finish this off!    Petition: Parliament's vote on the Brexit deal must include an option to remain in the EU.  
Confused about Brexit? See these handy 'How to...' guides from European Movement in Scotland. Please RT! #StopBrexit #StopBrexitSaveBritain #isitworthit @scotgp @joannaccherry @AlynSmith @labour4europe @agcolehamilton #FBPE 
Our Pathetic #PM @theresa_may is going for a #Fakebrexit! With a heavy heart I call upon all #Tory #Brexiteers NOT to #vote for the @Conservatives! if they do not give us a #RealBrexit! We are being betrayed! #BBC #SKY #LBC @ConHome #UK #EU @CCHQPress #ConservativeParty #BREXIT  
‘It's nonsense!' Brexiteer Kate Hoey rips into Blair's 'RIDICULOUS' plot to THWART Brexit  
The ‘everybody knew Brexit meant leaving the Single Market’ line is post-Brexit hypnosis.This is the only stat you need: 2 weeks after the vote, only 35% of Leavers thought their vote meant leaving the SM. pic.twitter.com/MAnEO0lDxS 
Lot of downbeat things said about Brexit, but here's one good thing that might come after leaving the EU.Hanging. 
I've been plugging this for months. The article is behind a paywall, but it's about this report:Smart borders after Brexit will give Britain 'extra advantage', EU-commissioned expert says  via @Telegraph 
Theresa May’s ‘three basket’ strategy for #Brexit was always going to draw a negative initial response from the EU.I described in December the reasons why this looks too much like the UK having its (three-layer) cake and eating it.  
"To me one thing is certain – there will be a referendum on Irish Unity – in my view sooner than most people realise. Those of us who advocate for reunification need to come together to discuss the practical issue of how we win a referendum" @mattcarthy #UnitedIreland 
Wow. Just hit 88k signatures on the petition for Parliament's vote on the Brexit deal to include an option to #Remain.100k gets a debate in Parliament. Let’s do this. Help #StopBrexit.RT, share, spread the word & ask someone personally to sign. #FBPE. 
To Winchester to lecture on ‘Churchill, Shakespeare & Brexit’ - which I believe they would have opposed as English patriots passionate about Europe too. Not so sure about the knights of the round table! 
Downing Street insiders say Brexit rebels will fail  
It's great to travel in Europe. No passport/customs queues like US. I feel welcome, privileged. #Brexit is a wretched, sickening prospect 
Femi (Darlington-born) discussed the effect of Brexit on the North-East.@BBCAnyQuestions. Full Version here:  
You can’t really demand I stop applying derogatory assumptions to you based on your referendum vote WHILE SIMULTANEOUSLY calling me “a Remoaner”.Well, you can, but it’s likely to firm up my derogatory assumptions into fact-based conclusions. So, pretty counterproductive. 
As more and more people stop supporting Brexit, it is inevitable that the effect is a distillation of Leave support towards the nastiest, most extreme subset. A subset which will continue to falsely lay claim to a democratic mandate. 
Hungary wants a REFUND from the EUWe ALL do - join the queue!Viktor Orban:"We’ve spent over €1 Billion on border protection.""We’re not only protecting ourselves, but Europe as well.At least half of this sum should be reimbursed."#Brexit #EU 
Tory Traitor DOMINIC GRIEVE confirms he is willing to let his party and Government FALL to shatter Brexit  And it will lead to the destruction of the UK-Once they have taken all they need from the UK to build up the EU we on this Island will be discarded 
1 A few thoughts - necessarily speculative - about Corbyn's big Brexit policy speech expected soon.I'll focus on the assumption that the speech is mainly about customs union issues, although we can't be sure of that yet. 
EU's £24bn BOMBSHELL: Lithuania admits Brexit cost is DOUBLE the previous estimate  
Tusk on Brexit: “I’m afraid that the U.K. position today is based on pure illusion. It looks like the cake philosophy is still alive. From the very start there has been a key principle, there can be no cherry-picking and no single market à la carte” 
“Why should anyone trust the UK if it can’t even take its own treaties seriously.”Brexit is trashing the UK’s reputation as a trustworthy, influential nation.#StopBrexit #Remain #FBPE  
Steve Peers is right - I've written to the EP Brexit Steering Cttee about this.  
US trade secretary Wilbur Ross publicly described #Brexit as a god given opportunity to steal UK trade”. So understandable he’s happy as he’s American. Farage seems more interested in the benefits of brexit to US than the UK. I think there’s a word for that type of person  
List of Tory demands from Brexit,  from cabinet's day of discussions: To be outside the single market but keep all financial empires here Cheap wine,  cheese & carsNo immigrants, except when we demand them, like for the NHS & farmsUnicornsRespect Influence 
I’m ashamed of what the  brexit mob has released.... this isn’t right, it isn’t just & it isn’t what civilised societies do.... shame on every last brexiter for making ppl feel this way 
.@vincecable -"Businesses in Scotland need the SNP to get off the fence and say whether they will back a referendum on whatever terrible deal Theresa May brings back from Brussels.” 
The moment we presented Jeremy Corbyn with our front page criticising his Brexit stance. Hear more from Jeremy on our podcast this week:  
‘As for the shock Brexit vote, it has split the country in half in ways it may take decades to repair, if ever, as it sends Britain into a downward spiral. These are the darkest days I have known’ @pollytoynbee 
"To say brexit will help business or increase trade is rubbish ... I won't be 'told off' for telling you this. Discipline has broken down". From the horse's mouth: former minister Ed Vaizey being frank about the chaos in our government and legislature.  
Good to hear this: Aerospace giant Airbus vows to stay in UK after Brexit despite warning it could move  
."As for the shock Brexit vote, it has split the country in half in ways it may take decades to repair, IF EVER, as it sends Britain into a downward spiral. These are the darkest days I have known.". 
Tomorrow it's @Harryslaststand 's 95th birthday. He's a remarkable man and here he is on his perspective on Brexit.  
"A Brexit border would have devastating consequences for our economy, our people and our agreements. But for those very reasons, Brexit has reenergized the United Ireland debate" @MaryLouMcDonald #UnitedIreland 
Hannan still hasn't figured out that there isn't a negotiation. A50 is purely the EU's mechanism to safely expel a country who no longer wishes to be in the EU. It was never a negotiation, we were told what we could have, and what it would cost before the Referendum  
Brexit threatens everything I fought for in the Second World War. On my 95th birthday, this is what people need to know  
#NigelFarage at #CPAC2018! Note: @theresa_may this is what a #RealLeader looks like! #Brexit #NoDeal #GetOnWithIt or #GO #NoMoreMeaninglessSpeechesFromMay!  #BBC #SKY @BBC @LBC #LBC @ConHome #EU @CCHQPress #Tory @Conservatives #TheresaMay #ConservativeParty 
In the absence of any fucking evidence to the fucking contrary I still fucking think that Brexit is not in the best fucking interests of our country. So, until further fucking notice, my fucking mission is to fuck fucking Brexit until it is well and fucking truly fucking fucked. 
Since before the #EURef the EU have set out the limits of what they can offer the UK. Since before the EU referendum the UK Government & hangers on like you have pretended they've never heard what the EU are unable to offer the UK.So it goes on...  #Brexit #StopBrexit #FBPE 
My piece for the Independent! ‘This isn’t the #Brexit I voted for’.#FBPE #BrexitShambles #remainernow #FinalSay #PCPEU 
Another Jamie Oliver restaurant closes. Maybe if he had kept his mouth shut over brexit he would not have lost so many customers. . . . .! 
Brexit threatens everything I fought for as a soldier in the Second World War  
It's an old slide, but if these people are united over Brexit, it's reasonable to ask why.  
Leaving the Single Market is a no brainer.RT if you agree#LBCLIVE #skynews #bbcdp #PMQs #Brexit @Michael_Heaver @LeaveEUOfficial @Nigel_Farage 
On the eve of my 95th birthday I look ahead in anger at how the baby boomer generation bottled it for their children's generation.  #Brexit 
There’s Never been a successful Labour Party Government when they’ve left office Britain and it’s people were worse off Corbyn will if voted into office Will bankrupt UK PLC 
Important and comprehensive article in this week’s @TheEconomist on the advantages of an EFTA/EEA Brexit solution  
Can u also talk about Musharraf’s referendum? U will find pics of some ‘democrats’ vehemently supporting that referendum. I saw all of that period of this pic and beyond till now. Yes MNS was brought up by ZUHaq. But a new democratic MNS was born out of the events of 1993. #Fact 
So 'new' @UKLabour...Apart from supporting IRA/Hamas/Hezbollah/anything anti-UK.Apart from the antisemitism.Apart from the hate & bullyboy tactics.Apart from the self-confessed economic crisis they'd cause.Apart from the flip-flop Brexit position.They seem a nice bunch.. 
Great gathering of @SocDems #repeal campaign team this morning. Lots of energy and ideas to win this referendum #repealthe8th #trustwomen 
COLUMN: In which we decide the BBC reporting on any aspect of Brexit which isn’t overwhelmingly positive is tantamount to covering up three decades of sexual abuse.  
Then please explain your solutions, in detail, for: continued frictionless trade; no NI border; EEA/Swiss residents here retaining their rights. None of these appear to be on the cards due to your party’s extremist position on Brexit. 
This isn’t the Brexit I voted for – we need a second referendum now  
Imagine a Tory Scotland. Tax cuts for the rich, neglect for public services and full support for their disastrous hard Brexit it would be a Mad ‘Mac’ McStopia.....  
Brexit: Tory MP Dominic Grieve tells @mattfrei he’s prepared to do “the right thing” even if it results in fall of his party  
Dear #Leavers, brexit is not about you, it is not about benefiting you. It is a stepping stone for a few rich people to crash the country & buy it up for nothing. They will own & control everything & own & control you. That is #capitalist totalitarianism. You were used. #FBPE 
In order of preference:1) Labour will now oppose Brexit2) Labour will back a Final Say3) Labour will back SM and CU membership4) "I resign"Anything else is no help to Britain.  
“Tories have unequivocally become an anti-business party as well as committed to damaging British geo-political standing & influence. Above all, the Conservative Party used to pride itself on being ‘non-ideological’ and pragmatic. In its Brexit incarnation it is neither.”  
Matteo Salvini is the “Italian Farage” and a Big thorn in EU's side!“We need to put Italian interests before those of EU"“The laws imposed by Brussels damage Italian artisans, traders, pensioners, but hey, EU is asking so we have to obey!”#Brexit #EU 
#Brexit hit to #cars ,  #Chemicals and ...#berries !(via @InFactsOrg) 
What will next week’s legal text on the Irish border look like? Here’s my latest blog: Brexit and the Border: The Great Reckoning? via @RTENewsNow  
I don´t like May because her conduct over brexit is akin to Treason. However, Blairs criticism of her is hypocrisy beyond belief from the person who fraudulently took us to war against an innocent country and cost the lives of 400 of our soldiers and then avoided prosecution !!! 
Government health warning:By supporting this government you are harming your children, your family, your friends. Everybody basically.Same is true if you support #Brexit.#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
BREXITEER Labour MP @KateHoeyMP has ripped into Tony Blair’s calls for a second Brexit vote – insisting Britons will not allow another referendum and nor will they approve leaving the EU in “name only”.   
Watch former Tory minister @edvaizey MP telling it like it is.Brexiters promises are “fantasy” and the idea we will sign trade deals that can offset the damage from Brexit is “rubbish”.#StopBrexit #Remain #FBPE 
."No political party in my youth advocated the isolation that Brexit will bring to Britain.". 
#Brexit threatens everything I fought for in the Second World War. On my 95th birthday, this is what I need people to knowNo political party in my youth advocated isolation, which is what leaving the EU means for Britain.#StopBrexit #FBPE  
We will be using our votes for anti-Brexit candidates. #ABTV 
It says it all about Belfast International Airport that they're dumb enough to sponsor the crowd whose Brexit policy could put them out of business.  
Tory Ex-Minister for Culture Ed Vaizey, this week, laid into the Conservative Government and their plans for Brexit - 'Rubbish and complete nonsense'!. He also said that the party was "atomised", discipline had completely broken down & nobody had power...#ToryShambles #StopBrexit 
In conclusion:It seems that the well being of the UK is utterly irrelevant to Rees-Mogg. He does not want an ordered Brexit. He desires chaos. He wants antagonism, resentment and hardship for the UK. His demands are a sales pitch for disaster capitalism, and nothing more.#FBPE 
6. "We can't let Remainers use implementation period to delay Brexit."A. This is a monumentally dishonest statement. We cannot enter an implementation period until AFTER we have left the EU. So what Rees-Mogg really means is that he wants a cliff-edge Brexit at any cost. 
... co-wrote the rules that Rees-Mogg is complaining about.However, Brexit has diminished our position. And once we leave, we will only be a single nation, while the EU will be a union of 27 nations, with 31 inside the Single Market, and 3 in the G7.We will not be its "equal". 
Steve, UUP opposed to compromise on all key issues. Said no to Irish language legislation and opposes Stormont House legacy mechanisms. Now supporting full Brexit & opposing special deal for NI. Surely accommodating nationalist neighbours is key to stability? UUP vision/strategy?  
Now that non EU immigration is running twice as high as EU immigration - thanks to #brexit - will those voters who voted to leave EU for immigration reason like to have a 2nd referendum so that UK can leave the rest of the world now, too? 
Ian Duncan Smith on my radio saying public knew were voting to leave Single Market and Customs Union. Strange don’t remember any punters telling me that when I covered #brexit ref... 
Please #conservativewoman do not publish such utter rubbish about the #Irishborder. As for joining #Brexit #UK in an act of self-harm-forget it. 
‘It's nonsense!' Brexiteer Kate Hoey rips into Blair's 'RIDICULOUS' plot to THWART Brexit  
In the German parliament, the AFD speak out about the EU and Brexit  pic.twitter.com/OJ6fONji7U 
My local MP #theresavilliers just blocked me and other constituents from commenting on her Facebook site. Not because we were abusive, just because we did not agree with her on Brexit. We will not be silenced. Next step: Vote in the local elections against the hard Brexit Tories! 
30 minutes ago Brexit bus rolled up just where I was having coffee on Edinburgh's Royal Mile. After a few gentle heckles from me, i was invited to speak, only to be heckled by Joanna Cherry MP. When i told her to put a sock in it, her response (you guessed it): 'That's defamtory! 
‘Let’s be clear: we all want the Prime Minister to achieve a deep and special relationship and a soft Brexit in the negotiations with our former partners. However, to shut off consideration of realistic and achievable alternatives would be irresponsible’ - well said @S_Hammond 
Sorry sir, but the argument "we were fine before the EU; we'll be fine after." doesn't workThe Single Market gives regulatory advantages to its members. After Brexit, EU companies would still have those advantages. We wouldn't. And we'll be competing against them. 
It’s not often that I praise a Tory, but credit where credit is due to @edvaizey for calling out the shambles of Brexit. He also looks like a hybrid of Jamie Oliver & David Cameron.  
Make up your mind on Brexit or we’ll do it for you, EU tells Theresa May  
This is absolutely extraordinary. Tory MP Ed Vaizey describes his leader as powerless and her Brexit policy as nonsense on national television.  
Remainers’ plot to stay in the EU ­Customs Union would be a staggering betrayal of our democracy and would undermine some of the economic benefits of Brexit  
Tony Blair lacks self awareness to such a remarkable degree that he thinks that when he speaks against Brexit he harms it rather than helps t. Every word from him stiffens resolve and wins more support for leaving. He is, to coin a phrase, a great recruiting sergeant for our side 
Enjoying this Hard Brexit weather. No hats and scarves fellas! Should be a good game at Filbert Street today. Stoke will be ambitious and come for the 0-0 draw. We both want a clean sheet. We should match them with tough blocks and good blue passport tackles. Up the city! 
One of my favourite Matt cartoons in the @Telegraph #30YearsOfMatt #Brexit  
German AfD leader: It's a big mistake to punish Britain for Brexit, they shouldn't be treated that way  
#Brexit Everything wrong with Labour there with these two idiots. Labour working class party. Both sent  there son to a private school !!!!  Diane Abbott hopeless MP don’t ask her to add up FFS. Shami Chakrabarti best friend of disgraced Lawyer Phil Shiner.       
That the government should propose cherry picking after 18 months of the EU saying it can't have it, suggests either total stupidity or a cynical attempt to blame the EU for the inevitable #Brexit screw-up. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Brexit won't have a significant impact on London as a financial hub, CEO Jes Staley says  
Brexit broadcasters guidelines - Sky special:  Any development in Brexit negotiations is to be reported as “a major new blow to Theresa May”.  And invite on air an endless parade of aggrieved Remainers 
Brexiters couldn't care less about Irish peace, the vulnerable, the sick, the poor, jobs, trade, small businesses, EU citizens, UK citizens, any citizens...They just care about Brexit at any cost....and ‘we’ allow them to govern us? 
I've encountered Remainers who say if Brexit does happen they'll leave the country.I'm one of those for which that isn't an option. Like most my age I certainly don't have the savings.For some of us, if this fails we've lost. 
Broadcasters Brexit guidelines cont.: 4. Always imply trade only happens as a consequence of trade deals and political fiat 5. Brand as extreme the notion that a country could be self governing 6. Act enraged that ministers won’t share the details of their deal making on air 
Don’t take the wrong turn, Britain. #Brexit is a dead end. Tell the driver we want to stay in the fast lane - in the EU. But how to tell the people in control? By supporting the #GreatNorthernMarch on 24/3. Send them a loud clear message: #StopBrexit 
BBC guidelines for Brexit reporting: 1. Always imply what EU officials demand is reasonable 2. Insist what UK seeks is unreasonable, even if you don’t understand it 3. Advocate opposite of what you imagine Leavers seek, even if you’d not thought about it before (eg customs union) 
To all those who have to make EVERYTHING about brexit:Say that to the face of someone who's relative has just died because of TORY cuts, be it in an underfunded hospital, or being found 'fit for work' when they clearly were not. Nothing to do with bloody brexit. 
‘@Nigel_Farage: If Brexit is betrayed I’ll be back on frontline – and No More Mr. Nice Guy.  
I remember when the Govt was supposedly pushing to start trade talks but was being 'punished' until 'sufficient progress' on divorce terms, i.e. #brexit bill. A year and a half later the EU is still citing the media because there is no official UK position on future relations.  
In the words of the wonderful Madame Ecosse, Winnie Ewing, “Stop the World, Scotland wants to get on!” I hope one day soon the European family is helping us celebrate our Independence too. I am very sure it will be a far more appealing future 4 than May’s Brexit!  
Shoppers could save MILLIONS if they buy BRITISH after Brexit, food champion says  
When we've invested decades in progress, why would we let a #ToryHardBrexit take it away, simply to fulfil their right-wing ideology? Their version of Brexit benefits the few, not the many. Join the protest & #LetsGoLargeInLeeds at the #GreatNorthernMarch on 24th March. #WATON 
I wish the assumption Mueller will fix Brexit and Britain’s Russia issue would end. Until the UK starts the process of dealing with its own mess, nothing will be put right. 
‘We must be able to patrol our seas after Brexit’ — Veterans for Britain’s exec director Lee Rotherham @DrBrexit writes for @BrexitCentral 
."The reality is that Brexit’s true believers have only just woken up to the fact that the [Good Friday Agreement], which is effectively a part of the UK’s constitution, makes the hard Brexit they desire virtually IMPOSSIBLE.". by @fotoole in @IrishTimes 
Coming over the Woodhead Pass at night you see the immense glow on the horizon from GM and surrounding settlements & you realise the scale of our importance to the national economy. And yet we and other major cities have no direct voice in deciding Brexit strategy. 
There is a Senior Researcher post available in Parliament, based in the Brexit, Environment and Rural Affairs Unit. This is an exciting opportunity to work at the heart of public policy scrutiny/ If interested, please visit  #edinburgh #edinburghjobs 
Make sure everyone knows we can #StopBrexit  that #Brexit is not a done deal, that there is no cake and eat it option for the UK.March is a massive months for #FBPE#StopBrexitSaveBritain #WATON We can and will stop brexit  
In Today's News: - Tusk brands Chequers agreement 'an illusion'- Tory Brexit-blockers to vote for customs union with EU- No 10 insiders say Brexit rebels will fail  - EU leaders 'won’t be bound by Spitzenkandidat' 
If we prove there is no decision, we the people, will insist they do the job we pay them for. They will own this. And they will be responsible for it. They can’t hide behind an months old advisory referendum WITH NO PLAN.  
The clueless fantasists and their ‘cake philosophy’ would actually give illusions a bad name..... Donald Tusk: UK Brexit plans 'pure illusion'  
I can’t emphasise enough, how dangerous #Brexit is for UK scientific research and collaboration. UK gov is a threat in every segment of our society. U.K. scientists increasingly anxious about Brexit confusion  
THE FM has attacked Mundell’s exclusion from a key meeting called by  May to decide the nature of relationship the UK should have with the European Union.Oor FM highlighted the absence of the Scot. Sec. in a photograph on social media of the 14 members of the Brexit “war cabinet” 
The BBC is now facing a crisis as grave as the Jimmy Savile scandal over its pro-EU biased coverage of Brexit  
Some work news about me: I have been appointed Public Affairs Editor of the @IrishTimes with responsibility for covering relationship between business & State, regulatory authorities & #Brexit. Important beat, fascinating times...  
Nationalism is racist.And a Socialism that requires the isolation of Britain in order to function is extremist.By joining together Nationalists and Socialists in a de facto coup d'etat, Brexit has taken Britain to a very, very dark place.#StopBrexit 
How you personally can simulate #Brexit in 3 easy steps taking only 5 minutes:Go around to your neighbours.Tell them to Fuck off.Ask them if they will accept a courier delivery for you.The response will be what happens to our relationship with the EU if we don't #StopBrexit 
Shoppers could save MILLIONS if they buy BRITISH after Brexit, food champion says  
the UKgov wants devolved parliaments to trust them with a pledge to negotiate UK framework for certain devolved powers. Never, ever, trust a tory. #brexit 
Given her conduct, I can't help wondering whether she actually hoped to lose GE'17, just as Johnson didn't intend to win the referendum.Silly, I know, but... 
A new @wellcometrust report says UK should be prepared to pay more into EU science programme than it gets out in order to keep UK involvement after Brexit --and it (and other ‘associated countries’) should have a voice in future EU science policy.  
Donald Tusk says UK trade position so far is ‘pure illusion’ #StopBrexitBrexit: Make up your mind on future trade deal or we’ll do it for you, EU tells Theresa May #StopBrexitSaveBritain #FBPE 
BBC RADIO 4 this AM not exactly supportive of Government over BREXIT negotiations.  Many will say why should it be?  My retort would be: by being negative, it just exacerbates the Government's difficulties over these challenging problems surrounding very sensitive negotiations 
That’s not what I hear in Brussels. Tusk, Macron and others clear that UK can decide to stop Brexit if it wishes and continue on current terms. Senior ex- and current Council and Commission staff confirm this. 
Let's hope. Maybe he listened to me on Thursday! I gave him a letter explaining in detail how #Brexit is killing our NHS.   
Germany could be a major “winner” from #Brexit, the study found, while European countries are “candid” that Brexit presents an opportunity to poach the best researchers from the UK 
The British government continues to hope that Brexit means that the EU will adjust to the UK. Unlikely. 
'@PatrickChristys: 'Politicians need to give their heads a wobble. Their job is to enforce the will of the people, no kibosh Brexit'.'  
EU leaders are going into battle over how to fill the budget gap created by Brexit  
Ingram Pinn on why Theresa May’s fragile Brexit truce is unlikely to last for long - political cartoon gallery in Putney  
This referendum wasn't about a 'trading bloc' far from it but ultimately EU imperialism under the pretence of trade, a land grab of Nation-State Democracies.#Brexit 
Corbyn & his acolytes aren't interested in a jobs 1st #Brexit or they'd support membership of the CU/SM. Nor R they about protecting Rights or they'd stay in the ECJ & if they believed in the Will of the Ppl they'd give us a #FinalSay + a #StopBrexit option. They're deceiving us! 
Blair: “There are politicians prepared to sacrifice the Good Friday Agreement on the altar of Brexit & declare that the peace agreed in N Ireland is not worth having anyway. This is irresponsibility that is frankly sickening."Indeed.#brexitshambles 
Very good Peter Oborne column on the BBC's anti-Brexit bias  
Brexit is hopefully becoming an unlikely outcome, it resolves nothing and would leave the UK poorer in absolutely every sense.  
BREXITOutside the Customs Union, Britain would for the first time in four decades be able to sign independent trade deals, like every sovereign nation outside the EU. If we remain, do not think this is some minor Brexit detail. It is fundamental to its success or failure.  
Sources stress that the Thursday Chequers away day was not quite what it seemed: less than 3 of the 8 hours were spent formally discussing the position paper on the UK Brexit negotiation starting point, key issues skipped over - they did the “easy bit” 
Imagine whipping  to Vote for Article 50 and voting consistently for Brexit.  That's  what #Labour did and are doing. 
Scott is another person that voted leave but has had the integrity to say “now I have seen the facts, I have changed my mind”. He now wants to #stopbrexit & is a #remainernow Respect @Weeduggy1888 thanks for speaking out. Brexit is not inevitable. Have you written to your MP?  
If the May government can’t agree what Brexit means after 19 months how is it possible the people did when they voted in the referendum? Once we do know and we have all the facts that’s when the people should decide, in or out. 
Need clear instructions on how to legally stop paying the BBC license fee. They are now way too big for their boots, blast money right left & centre & try to thwart Brexit.The license fee rise is the last straw, if the Govt & Broadcasting Standards won't stop them it's up to us. 
Excellent read @Andrew_Adonis Mr Farage is anything but a corpse.Bursting with joie de vivre, extremism and hatred for the EU,he is rarely off the airwaves – including the BBC’s, which was a notable factor in the Brexit referendum outcome 20 months ago. 
Our street stall will be on tour today, starting in #Ilkley (The Grove) from 9.30am before moving on to Shipley later in the morning. Come & talk about our exciting plans for the Stop #Brexit #GreatNorthernMarch taking place in #Leeds on 24 March.  
18 months since the Referendum and the government still hasn't bothered to read the basic instructions on how to Leave the EU.#sendouttheclowns #StopBrexit 
Shame, apparently folks are getting tired of hearing about Brexit. Scots, older, new & young, Brexit & its aftermath is arguably our most significant political threat for over 300 years. Time for: #ScotRef #Referendum2018 
AGAIN Tusk & Varadkar are briefing against the UK in a negative manner, without officially hearing what the UK government’s plans are. So Tusk is coming to London to chivvy things along. Really? This has all the hallmarks of ending in tears - Hard BREXIT when it’s not necessary, 
Theresa May is set to give another speech on the government’s Brexit strategy next week  
At last! After hours of "lock-in" Cabinet discussions we have strong and stable "ambitious managed divergence". NOW can we STOP BREXIT? 
a 2nd referendum or even a peoples vote in the deal - is STILL" THE WILL OF THE PEOPLE" so can someone please tell me why they are so against it 
Why would we go ahead with Brexit if it couldn't win an informed EU ref? 
This type of news is arriving more frequently now & the closer we get to the #Brexit deadline, the more it will speed up. Business can't afford to wait much longer in the vain hope that UK Govt will come up with a plausible plan.#StopBrexit #BrexitFactsBus #WATON #WeNeedTheGFA 
Strange that eh No place for Scotland in Brexit talks What is the point of Scotland being in this Corrupt Union IndyRef2 ASAP  
Hard Brexit climate science deniers from the UK and US are set to meet in London and Washington this year - Here's a who's who | @DeSmogUK 
For there to be an EU Army:1) it has to avoid 28 vetoes. 1 single veto stops it.2) the UK at least, would need to pass an Act of Parliament (so MPs must support it)3) the UK would need to have a referendum and approve it.So it's basically impossible.  
The Truth came out about the COST of #Brexit £100 Billion PER YEAR!  #Remain is now the CORRECT/SMART choice for the UK.WHY continue to make the WRONG choice when we now know the CORRECT one?#RemainCome on @theresa_mayCountry before Party!#StopBrexit#BrexitShambles 
The EU takes money to pay for their hair-brained propaganda projects while we can't afford to care for our elderly and 1/3 can't afford to contribute to a pension scheme. Surely we can use the money more prudently ?#Brexit #Brexiteers 
Fantastic evening spent aboard the Beagle FI     Did you know 88% of Falklands Fishery (lots of squid) is sold into the #EU! In fact, if you eat calamari in Spain there's a high chance it was caught here! #brexit #seafood #squid 
UP NEXT: Brexit hero @Nigel_Farage has some advice on how to keep the populist agenda growing strong around the globe. 
It’s a bit like the Tories in the UK being surprised that people voted for Brexit after they spent 25 years of blaming the EU and immigrants for all the countries problems. 
#OGWT Memo to Teresa May! Fuck Brexit, you've got a more pressing and important decision to make! To bring out legislation to bring back the Old Grey Whistle Test to BBC2 and make Annie Nightingale Minister for #OGWT 
Pro-brexit Labour caving into the ukip agenda isn't so much Keir Hardie as Enoch Powell these days'The UK Could 'Explode' Into Riots If Immigration Is Not Curbed By Brexit, Warns Labour's Rachel Reeves'#PlasticSocialists 
Donald Tusk: UK Brexit plans 'pure illusion'.Our best option is to #StopBrexit. #FBPE 
UKIP believes it’s perfectly sensible to leave the customs union completely. Let’s get real Brexit not BRINO. #ForTheNation 
Oooh why what a Kodak moment.   Again, yet another connect-the-dot between Trump-Manafort-Mercer-Farage-Rohrabacher-Erik Prince on and on we go.  The House of Cards is falling.  Brexit investigation is a must.  Treason on a massive global level. 
And if it wasn't for @ScotNational would anyone in Scotland know? The Brexit blackout at the BBC and the "Scottish" press is truly shocking and dangerous for a supposed healthy democracy. 
Brexit and Trump supporters need to keep working and keep fighting to make sure our victory is permanent.~@Nigel_Farage 
Brexit: the road to a Tory civil war? - perhaps Brexit isn't about Brexit, after all. It may be that it's really all about the Conservative Party and lancing a boil that has been festering for decades...  #Brexit.  
. BBC proving time AND time AND time again that it is not fit for purposeNOT fit for populismNOT fit for fascism..... NOT fit for Brexit. 
If Brexit is halted it won't be because of traitors preventing the will of the people. It will be because people have come to realise that an incompetent bunch of self-interested con artists are trying to deliver an impossible set of promises to the detriment of ordinary people. 
“Under cover of Brexit, the Government is planning to strip the British public of protections - and people don’t even know their hard-won rights are under threat." #StopBrexit #FBPE 
I was told: "a vote for LibDems is a wasted vote"My view: a vote for Brexit Labour is worse A Lab Brexit govt will be a financially knackered, hampered ghost of itself, booed by Remainers & especially by disappointed Leavers. 5 years maxAnd then will come the Tory darkness! 
An important piece from my pal @PeterKGeoghegan on the astounding cynicism of the #Brexit campaigners risking renewing one of the most protracted conflicts in Europe for the sake of their fictional “sovereignty” ploy.  
A month until @YEMEdinburgh March for Europe! By then I’ll have been all the way to New Zealand  via Hong Kong  and Australia  & will have delivered my inaugural #NoRestForTheWicked at times of Brexit! Scotland, let’s see you on 24 March   
The Brexit bunker mentality is kicking in again with a host of losing strategies.Just walk awayCall the EU fascistsThey won't dare impose tariffsWTO here we comeEr...I've run out of ideas#FBPE 
Paul Manafort, Nigel Farage, convicted fraudster "Posh George" Cottrell - who managed Farage's office...Nothing to see here.Though some involved in the #Brexit campaign may be awaiting further details from the Mueller investigation with considerable interest.  
‘In the the absence of an achievable end state plan from Mrs May, parliament has the opportunity to take back control of Brexit. It should seize it.’ @LibDems very much intend to. 
FT View: Why Theresa May’s fragile Brexit truce is unlikely to last for long  
The EU has rejected Theresa May's latest Brexit plan before she could even convince her Cabinet of it  haha that will knock the smirk off her face 
This vile Labour MP, haranguing his constituent in a "Trumpesque" manner for challenging him on brexit. These people are not fit to be our leaders. We must use our votes to get better representatives than this. Maybe some of need to BECOME the better representatives than this.  
But had Brexit negotiations been conducted in a similar fashion to the last EU budget negotiations, the future for the UK would not be looking quite as bleak as it is. 22/22 
I'm no fan of Cameron's politics (quite the opposite!) and his misjudgement in betting the prosperity of a country on a referendum held for internal party reasons will be judged by history as catastrophic. 21/ 
Our @Femi_Sorry and @Suewilson91 from @BremainInSpain chatting about Brexit.  
Voted Leave? Labour wants to keep you in the Single Market.Voted Remain? Labour won't give you a second referendum or keep you in the Single Market.When it comes to Brexit, Labour has no position.#TheCorbynCon #LabourLies 
Let's not forget, it was the UK, and the UK alone, who began this balls up. ☞ Brexit: Make up your mind on future trade deal or we’ll do it for you, EU tells Theresa May  
Tony Blair says it is 'sickening' that Brexit-supporting MPs want to 'play around' with the Good Friday Agreement | Watch his full interview on Brexit with @PaulBrandITV here:  
Everytime this smug twunt appears on tv the remoaners lose support please join me in thanking Tony Blair for his continued drive to increase the brexit cause  
It has taken almost 24 months for PM May & UKGov to agree what they want from the Brexit negotiations. It took EU president Tusk less than 24 hours to describe their plans as "pure illusion".#BrexitShambles #ToryFail #ScotRef  
It's not Brexit Jamie, I've been there, it's not Brexit...  
Theresa May's plans for a hard Brexit don't have the backing of the British public, new research shows  
‘This is no longer a process – it’s a coup – and it flies in the face of the interests of the vast majority of British people on both sides of the Brexit divide.’  
I hope @JulieOwenMoylan is wrong. Sadly I suspect she’s right and we are going to be severely disappointed by Corbyn on #Brexit once again.  
Lady on #SkyPapers just said we’re seeing a lot more “unity” from Labour on Brexit. Multiple Labour MPs are openly campaigning to stay in the Single Market which is the direct opposite of what John McDonnell is saying. 
MERKEL'S NIGHTMARE: Germany may have to FORK out for a third of Brexit black hole  
Excl: Cabinet ministers say fresh Brexit truce will only last a few months before EU rejection reignites civil war;  
Theresa May managed to rally her divided cabinet to unite over Brexit and sign off on a compromise — but the plan is being torn apart in Brussels.  
Some laugh us passing the children’s referendum with so many children homeless now #LateLateShow 
Jeremy Corbyn to give key speech on brexit next week so let's second guess it shall we: it will be a pile of old garb from a eurosceptic pretending to be a europhile by a prolific liar pretending to be a servant of the electorate. That about sums it up beforehand 
Jo Marney calls herself 'The bad girl of Brexit', she's a fucking racist who is being invited onto mainstream tv/radio shows, with her lapdog Henry Bolton, I'm sickened, i didn't serve my nation for xenophobia/division/hatred etc, but that's what I've got, I'm off #StopBrexit. 
Brexit and Trump supporters need to keep working and keep fighting to make sure our victory is permanent.  
#StopBrexit   Commons science and technology committee summit on Brexit finds there is no good alternative to membership of the European Union’s Framework programme. @hammersmithandy @ChukaUmunna @emhkcf 
Brexit will 'substantially reduce rights in the UK' Amnesty International warns  
Stop Brexit, Fix Britain! 
Today @ft on our @EU_Commission #mission report  ‘cool if conversation between EC & UK was on missions not #brexit’  
A showdown meeting - yeah right - starts off something like 'Please Mr Tusk I have betrayed them as much as possible without them realising it"s #brexit in name onlyTheresa May to hold talks with EU's Donald Tusk ONE DAY before PM lays out Brexit vision  
Donald Tusk warns UK Brexit plans still 'pure illusion' despite Chequers 'war Cabinet' meeting  
Tomorrow's front page: No Room For Scotland ... Sturgeon says it 'beggars belief' we can have ZERO representation at key Brexit meeting, as EU warns UK their plans are 'pure illusion'  
87.7k signatures! Let's spread this petition around once again and push towards 100k. #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit 
. "Sinn Fein has always wanted a united Ireland -- which it believes Brexit might hasten.". 
My heart grieves that our government is so deluded about what is achievable in a Brexit deal. It's as if they never understood the EU or never bothered to listen to their counterparts. 
WATCH | @RaheemKassam at @CPAC talking about the "Brexit nullification process" well under way in the UK, led by the likes of @SadiqKhan who, while London crime rates soar, is more "interested in whether your President attends a royal wedding!" 
Tony B should stop trying to use Northern Ireland’s special situation to stop Brexit. No- one has suggested sacrificing Belfast agreement  
Much vaunted “ambitious managed divergence”  approach from @GovUK didn’t survive 24 hours before crashing and burning ....Donald Tusk: UK Brexit plans 'pure illusion' - BBC News  
It's not going well for Brexit Britain. Taoiseach Varadkar said. “It is not possible for UK to be aligned to EU when it suits and not when it doesn’t."Donald Tusk: “I am afraid that the UK position on the debate is based on pure illusion.”  
"Here was a president at the very. top. of. his. game," Nigel Farage says of Trump's speech today. He says supporting Trump was the best decision of his life. (Not...campaigning for Brexit?) 
Watching the bold @Nigel_Farage: “@realDonaldTrump exceeded all expectations!” #Brexit #cpac2018 trump @CPAC #Patriots 
Great Norfolk for Europe meeting in Yarmouth, at St Nicholas Priory primary school. ‘What we need is a school bus, not Brexit,’ said a teacher! Almost everyone supports a referendum on Mrs May’s Brexit terms.  
#BREAKING Mr. Brexit himself @Nigel_Farage speaking for the second year at #CPAC2018!! #FridayFeeling 
WATCH LIVE: The #Brexit Bad Boy @Nigel_Farage closes the main stage program of day 2 at #CPAC2018. #ATimeForAction 
The Tory rebels aren’t trying to ‘shape’ #Brexit as they claim - they’re trying to stop it altogether & I for one am sick of them pretending otherwise. They’re betraying the results of a democratic decision made by the British people to regain sovereignty. How dare they!  
WATCH | @Nigel_Farage interviewed outside @CPAC: "Our political class in Westminster haven't yet caught up with public opinion, haven't yet understood what the vote was all about and Brexit is proceeding painfully slowly."  
Meet @RogerHelmerMEP. Roger likes to misinform people. #Brexit  
I totally agree with Tony Blair.  We must have a final say on the Government’s Brexit deal. #ABTV 
Blair wants to see anti-Brexit Labour politicians joining forces with Tory rebels  
Brexit is remarkable in that the TUC and the CBI are both against it, Labour is ignoring the TUC, Conservatives ignoring the CBI. The political leadership (on both sides) is the problem, they are siding with the crackpots at the extremes rather than their core support. 
Asked to summarise the #Brexit situation Baroness Warsi says "we're up shit creek", then apologises. Precious moment on @BBCAnyQuestions. 
.@Tom_Slater_ on how the Tories are fudging on Brexit and boosting Brussels.  
Donald Tusk: UK Brexit plans 'pure illusion' i voted to stay in the EU, but i think it is time to just say "you know what? Go fuck yourselves" trying to bully a country that not so long ago sacrificed so much for their freedom 
Hilarious: the @Daily_Express says that Brexit will knock EIGHT percent off the economy in their latest article insulting us. That would be £3,200 million per week. PS. We're still waiting for the apology for your #fakenews about our funding yesterday. 
What we're seeing here folks is the breakdown of gvt & in turn #brexit ...Tory rebels warn of growing support from to keep Britain in EU customs union  
Only if he’s going to say, “we have thoroughly reviewed the Brexit situation and based on our externally commissioned, independent, unbiased, Brexit impact assessments, all the evidence indicates that the least damaging outcome for the UK would be to remain as members of the EU”.  
Here is another retired lady who has #bregret - people young & old voted leave for the promised windfall for the NHS! Now it’s clear #brexit will do far more harm than good for this great institution, many are angry & are #RemainerNow@LadyMuckStyle has she done an MP letter? 
This is simply not good enough. Stop Brexit is the only acceptable policy.  
People NEED to do the RESEARCH! Labour want to stay in the customs union, which we will do in the end, They are desperate to protect jobs, pay & workers rights. They will block a bad Brexit by Tories. Get behind them! #ChangeIsComing #JC4PM 
We are turning the 2020 election into a referendum: Should the fedl govt continue to exist or be disolved in a peaceful, orderly, responsible way leaving 50 sovereign states, territories, & native nations? You can finally vote for nobody to be President. 
Donald Tusk: UK Brexit plans 'pure illusion'  
Highlights of today's informal #EU27 #EUCO meeting Full text of @eucopresident remarks:  All videos: #MFF #EUBudget #Spitzenkandidaten #Brexit #Turkey ##EasternGhouta #Poland 
"We've studied the impacts of Brexit, we've listened to our members and supporters, we've reflected on the promises that were made and broken, we believe remaining in the European Union is in the best interests of our aims, our values, the country"We live in hope.  
Farmers eh? Never satisfied. One minute they are allowing thousands of UKIP and Leave posters to ring their boundary fields and fences, the next minute after a likely post apocalyptic Mad Max #Brexit their EU market is gone!  
After Brexit we should find a group of like minded nations to collaborate with over trade, culture and science. We could form a political alliance and promote shared interests. Oh, wait.... 
United Kingdom?Apparently not.Scotland was not represented in the #Brexit showdown at Chequers.Britain has become the Kingdom of Mayhem.  
BREAKING NEWS !!... Make up your mind on future trade deal or we'll do it for you, EU tells Theresa May !!... Donald Tusk says UK trade position so far is 'pure illusion' !!..Oh dear....WHY NOT JUST STOP BREXIT YOU DO NOT HAVE A CLUE WHAT YOU ARE DOING !!   
So my MP (Alex Chalk), Matthew Offord, Bob Blackman, Jacob Rees-Mogg, Giacomo ‘Jack’ Lopresti, ‘Mad’ Bob Stewart, Stephen Kerr, Colin Clark, Iain Duncan Smith & John Redwood are all Brexit MPs in Remain constituencies.Have they betrayed their core voters too?Is that treachery? 
On air now it's the Mother of all talk shows with George Galloway @georgegalloway Listen live  and call 0344 499 1000► Trump and gun control► Brexit ► Stormzy's BRITS attack over Grenfell  
Now its clear there are no "Benefits of Brexit" the propaganda has moved on to "Brexit Betrayal"Like Brexit is a living being, like its extreme version must be obeyed, like Leave voters were a homogenous group, like it can't be stopped.Rubbish  
Three baskets is known as advanced cake theory in Brussels. (My entry for most ridiculous sentence that has real meaning in #Brexit ) 
Donald Tusk has reminded us that weeks of tense Tory party internal negotiations have resulted in a cherry-picking policy which the EU has said all along is unacceptable. As the saying goes, those whom the Gods wish to. destroy they first make mad. #Brexit #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Ruth Davidson needs to accept that Scotland said NO to Tories,at WESTMINSTER in :19591964196619701974 (twice)1979198319871992199720012005201020152017And at HOLYROOD in :19992003200720112016And to #BrexitGot the message?#Scotref #indyref #indyref2 
What is Brexit really about?It's about 17 million people taking the right to freedom of movement away from 65 million of us. That's not democracy.#FBPE 
This is what the elites think of #BrexitThe plebs voted for Brexit but they obviously didn't know what they were doingThe elites plan is to give perception that we've left but in reality we continue to do everything we did when we were a memberThey hope the plebs won't notice 
With Brexit there are "examples of foreign researchers not wanting to come to British universities".  This threatens our international standing and reputation as a home for scientific and research excellence.  We need the #FinalSay  
Britain still refuses to get real about Brexit. My latest blog post just up, analysing the Chequers Awayday, managed divergence, Labour's position etc:  
Millions of votes obtained by Leave for the 'Norway' model which we told after the EU ref was never available. How can anyone sabotage a gerrymandered referendum? 
Brexit or Remain?Given all we now know where would you really like to be now?If you'd like to take part please vote and retweet for a bigger sample.I'd like to: 
This is outrageous - there must be a court order to remove this horrible image from the internet. It's both embarrassing for dear Tony and completely unhelpful in the fight to stop Brexit. Please do NOT share this!  
Corbyn will give a Brexit speech on Monday that has been billed as seismic; what do you want to hear from the Labour leader?  
As I said before: the trouble with Mayism is that you eventually run out of your own time to negotiate Brexit  
EU council president Donald Tusk has just slammed Theresa May and said the UK's Brexit position is "pure illusion".He also added that they will proceed with adopting their guidelines for the future relationship irrespective of if the UK is ready or not. 
I missed this when it was posted. Very good discussion of the role of "bypassed" regions in the political backlash behind Brexit, Trumpism, etc.  
Anti brexit bus Spotted in Cheadle.. ... Enhanced by EUflagmafia X #fbpe 
EU pours cold water on UK hopes of Chequers #Brexit breakthroughVaradkar told reporters: “It is not possible for UK to be aligned to EU when it suits and not when it doesn’t. The UK needs to square that circle....#StopBrexit #FBPE 
In the very week when Meghan Markle is recieving white powder through her post  @NickFerrariLBC & @LBC decided it would be a spiffing idea to give lots of air time to a woman whose only claim to fame are her racist comments about Meghan Markle. Welcome to #brexit Britain everyone  
Airbus which warned days before referendum they might leave if we voted out has told Business Secretary Greg Clark Airbus will retain British operations long into future. bah humbug Remain 
#BREAKING Britain's position on Brexit 'based on pure illusion', says EU's Donald Tusk 
It’s not clear to me when people will get it, but let me say it again: there is no Labour “long game” ... Certainly not for as long as Corbyn and McDonnell are in charge. They want Brexit. Plus there is even more cake in this than in recent Tory BS.  
Make up your mind on Brexit or we'll do it for you, EU warns Theresa May  
Brexit benefit:Queuing to get through UK Border Control.Oh no, fucking wait!That's RIGHT! We already have fucking control. 
Tony Blair calls on Labour to join Tory Brexit rebels over customs union bid  
One car bus-train about to trundle from Norwich to Great Yarmouth - 35 mins for 20 miles. Yarmouth needs Norfast not Brexit  - Get to Norwich Fast!  
Leaving the customs union will make life worse for Labour's core voters. Labour owes them honesty. If it supports leaving the customs union (and indeed Brexit) without a vote on the deal, it betrays them. 
I’ve become increasingly dependent on Al Jazeera as a source of news not drowned out by the relentless noise of Brexit and Trump. The wider world is carrying on and we are unwise to be ignoring it. 
Not too happy with Irish PM trapping off about UK after Brexit! Just wait until you know the proposition. Venture to suggest it might be folly for Ireland to dismiss UK with contempt - I think Ireland have found UK to be quite useful! 
Finally on my way home after a remarkable #RCGPCouncil today - am constantly impressed by calibre of debate, breadth of views and wisdom of colleagues @rcgp #TeamGP - debated QOF, Abortion decriminalisation, #BawaGaba, Indemnity, BREXIT, AI, e-consult, Wider Team, CPD, etc etc! 
If @jeremycorbyn big speech on Brexit on Monday stalls the process will he be forgiven by the two thirds of Labour held seats that voted to leave. join me @lbc from 7 
Does Jeremy Corbyn think Leave voters are too thick to notice him offering Brexit in name only? asks @MrTCHarris 
Here is a helpful graphic to show the difference between Labour Brexit and Tory Brexit.  
Across the country, voters are having second thoughts about #Brexit, and it’s time our politicians took notice. Read and share @Jon_Danzig’s report. Link:  #StopBrexit 
About to get the bus or train home? Give your Friday the shot of righteousness it needs: today's Brexit-battering podcast with guest @mrjamesob plus @rosamundmtaylor @Dorianlynskey & @IanDunt. Listen here: 
Oh no. You don't get to blame us for this shambles. The Labour leadership has supported every major part of the Tory's Brexit. No FOM, No SM, No ECJ. They called for triggering A50 on the day after and have refused to support a ref on the deal. They have offered the 48% zilch  
WHAT A LOAD OF TOSH BLAIRHe says on 59 sec we didn't know what kind of BREXIT we voted for on the Referendum day,OH YES WE DID YOU DAMN FOOLThere was only ONE KIND on the ballot paperAnd that's the one we voted forTO LEAVE....UTTERLY, COMPLETELY, FOREVERMORE#LOCKHIMUP#FOOL 
Dear #Brexit fans. An EU member state has become the 2nd largest exporter of food in the world.Help me please. How can this be? How come the Netherlands can actually send its goods all over the world so successfully?Helpful fact: The UK can do this too. Now. #stopbrexit 
As the government's Brexit position grows ever more delusional, an opportunity opens up for Labour. My column  
YES!! #Brexit has a youth vote and it’s about time the media stopped ignoring them and that their voices were heard! Great article @StevenEdginton  
Theresa May is expected to meet European Council president Donald Tusk on Thursday ahead of the Prime Minister's speech setting out the basis of the UK's relationship with the EU after Brexit on Friday 
Matthew Offord, Bob Blackman, Jacob Rees-Mogg, Giacomo ‘Jack’ Lopresti, ‘Mad’ Bob Stewart, Stephen Kerr, Colin Clark, Iain Duncan Smith and John Redwood are all Brexit MPs in Remain constituencies. Have they betrayed their core voters too? Is that treachery?  
If there was ever a sentence that told us that the Cabinet is still as divided as ever over #Brexit then this it!Only rational way forward now is an #ExitFromBrexit 
Being in the Customs Union but not in the Single Market is illogical. Being in both but outside the EU is madness, the worst of both worlds. Betraying #Brexit will never be forgiven by millions of people and would fundamentally realign British politics in a very negative way. 
"Even this Brexit-obsessed government's figures say this is going to be a costly, damaging exercise" - @RCorbettMEP 
Our Brexit letter was well received, as letters of support generally are writes @Jacob_Rees_Mogg 
The Irish Border, Regulatory Alignment and Brexit. What commitments have been made? What principles are at play? What options exist? Queen’s on Brexit Briefing Paper with @hayward_katy just published at  
#Brexit means leaving the Customs Union, Single Market and the jurisdiction of the ECJAnd taking back control of our fishing grounds.Anything less is not #BrexitRT if you back #Brexit#bbcqt #skynews #Conservatives #bbcdp 
He's got a new dossier on Brexit. Tony didn't think this through. 
It's clear that Brexit doesn't mean any one version of Brexit. “This is why it's so important we have a final say on whatever deal the Government finally proposes". Tony Blair makes the case for the Brexit decision to be put back to the people. Watch & share #BrexitFacts 
March For Europe.Edinburgh.24 March. 14:00.With @mikegalsworthy#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit  
LISTEN: Professor @h_jarman from the University of Michigan warns Brexit could have serious consequences for access to medicines in her interview on @BBCRadio4's Brexit: A Guide for the Perplexed.  
How much political pressure was put on EU companies to state publicly prior to the EU Referendum that they'd shift production or offices plus thousands of jobs from the UK to mainland Europe if we voted Leave? And yet now, one by one, these same firms say they'll stay right here. 
A fine crowd is here to greet the #Brexit fact bus in #Leeds! @RCorbettMEP about to address the throng. #StopBrexit @isitworthitbus 
Labour’s clever move reopens Tory Brexit wounds  
I really want to leave the Customs Union but I also want to trash the governments chances of getting a good deal for Britain. I'll probably go for trying to cause #Brexit chaos. 
Tony Blair tells me he finds it 'irresponsible, deeply disappointing and sickening' that MPs, including his Labour colleague @KateHoeyMP, are willing to 'sacrifice' the Good Friday Agreement 'on the altar of Brexit'.  
"I am not a British prime minister, it would be good for Britain if I was," says Jean-Claude Juncker. Not to rub it in, but that's kinda what the whole referendum thing was about. 
The 'betrayal' is' forcing thru a hard right Brexit that bears no relation to what people voted for based on Leave campaign.If Brextremists have a say on terms...then we must all have a say. That means a 2nd vote. You can't have it both ways. #FinalSay 
During my Q&A at @CityHeightsEACT, I got the chance to ask the students a question. Who thinks Brexit is a bad thing?  
I understand that emotions are high on both sides of the Brexit debate, but it’s now time to settle down and support the PM in getting the best deal possible because that is exactly what the voters expect us to deliver.  
Timed perfectly to coincide with a complete lack of leadership when tough questions are asked and when an internal split has appeared over Brexit.  
May just said she’ll protect Workers rights but forgot she voted for unlawful tribunal fees to deny workers access to justice, voted for Trades Union Act to weaken unions & in December refused 8 times to rule out scrapping vital workers’rights after Brexit  
Very interesting piece.It even mentions tariff quotas.It's also possible that a "bad" Brexit means UK lamb has no access to the EU market through EU tariff quotas when NZ's does; plus UK having to open WTO quotas to NZ lamb.I know, it's complicated. Can't cover everything  
.@TiceRichard: “Britain will thrive outside of the customs union. Only by leaving it can we benefit from the huge economic opportunities of Brexit”1/3  
The case for another EU referendum is even stronger now  2 versions of Brexit in government, 4 versions in parliament, who knows how many in the country. The public will have to decide. 
I always find its more helpful to visualise representation on Brexit within the Home Nations when those representatives 'wear' a suit jacket in the Home Nations flag where they are currently MPs...Dont, know about you but i notice two GLARING issues here!!!  
1/10:I put to Carwyn Jones that Wales voted Leave and that means out of the Customs Union:FM: “Brexit needs to happen but not in the most damaging way... there are territories inside the CU outside the EU - Jersey and Guernsey. There’s a precedent. “ 
Tony Blair has slammed the government for still being in “cake and eat it mode” over Brexit.  
90% of Welsh #lamb #exports go to the EU27.Farmers in the #BreconBeacons fear they will be losing rather than "taking back control" after #Brexit.// @Kirsty_Williams // @BandRLibDems // @Plaid_BandR // @BandR_Tories // @BandRLabour 
Why would I support the Labour Party when it backs Brexit, leaving the single market, nuclear power & the oil industry? The #progressivealliance died when Labour refused to stand aside in any seat in the country for any other party. 
For 18 months the EU says no cherry picking. The government says it wants cherry picking. The EU says No! Just the same as in every other stage of the negotiations. A government unfit to govern. A policy fit only for the scapheap!#StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
Ahead of the May referendum on the Eighth Amendment, the #NWCISoapbox is back to replicate the fire and passion of early feminists with our pop up #EveryWoman Soapbox on women's reproductive healthcare!  
More #Brexit problems that the government hoped to keep quiet about: what #BrexitReality means for #Britain’s overseas territories: 
Are you a young Brexiteer like me? Please do get involved with this website. So far lots of remain voices but would be good to see some positivity about Brexit   
When #Brexit #RepealBill #Deregulation arrives - do you trust #PritiPatel to protect any current #UK#WorkersRights ? 
May warned she will betray Brexit if she accepts amendments to remain in a customs union  
“The ewes are lambing in a couple of weeks time, those lambs will be sold in a post Brexit market - I need to know is there going to be a market” says farmer Davies of NFU Cymru - 90% of exported lamb goes to the EU - today’s #brexitforensics film 
Ever since the #Brexit vote, the establishment media have given Tony Blair every opportunity to underline his contempt for the British people. We should thank them. 
Message to #Broxtowe  residents: this MP of yours wants to BLOCK the result of your 'democratic vote' for #Brexit. Remember this when you next vote. #AnnaSoubry should be de-selected and 'The Whip' should be removed forthwith.. @Conservatives @10DowningStreet 
Delighted to be able to attend the launch of this report today. A valuable contribution to #Brexit debate & timely reminder of the importance of engaging with the business community especially #SMEs. Thanks to @ChangeLtd @RogMull & @MichelleThomson  
"The EU is protectionist against external competition""It'll be easy to compete in the EU after Brexit"#OverheardInBrexit 
Here are five new lapses by the BBC on their #Brexit coverage since the start of the new year. This follows failures during last year’s election as well as the previous year’s referendum. There seems to be a pattern… #BBCbias #BBCBrexitbias 
So Chequers meeting, after 8 hours, on top of best part of a year since article 50 triggered, is to ask for something EU has been saying is unavailable since before the referendum. 
Speakers at our Manchester stop include Dominic Jackson @Mcr4EU and @annacfryer on the cost of Brexit for our NHS #isitworthit #BrexitFactsBus 
EU chiefs are meeting to decide what to do about the gaping hole in the EU budget caused by Brexit. 
Ideally applicable retrospectively so the illegitimate #Brexit #EURef can be re-run to give a #FinalSayForAll 
Let’s call #Brexit off and get on with real life.Leavers can be given a dedicated corner in Hyde Park where they can spout their nonsense to their hearts’ content.#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Interesting, but not surprising that Ross is more upset by a @Daily_Record article about his PR stunts than he is about the impact that #Brexit will have on Aberdeen & his constituents. Evidence shows that our city will be the hardest hit by #Brexit, but he doesn't give a jot.  
Tony Blair succinctly points out the complete lack of clarity by the government over Brexit. There’s total confusion on what Brexit really means.As such, a final say on the terms of the Brexit in a second referendum is essential.   #BrexitFacts 
'@Jacob_Rees_Mogg and the ERG's demands:We should be able to set tariffsBe able to make our own lawsWe need to plan for global tradingStart trade talks before we leaveNegotiate as an equal, not be cowedNot let Remainers use implementation period to delay Brexit  
Poll: Which Brexit option do you want? Please vote:Option 1: Re-think and stay in a Reformed Europe Option 2: Exit EU political structures, stay in economic structures Option 3: Exit both structures with a deal that recreates the benefitsOption 4: Exit the EU with a basic FTA 
“The party takes its cue from its leader, who is invisible when it comes to answering questions on Brexit but who’s always available for the important and pressing issues of the day, like talking about Bake Off on Radio Forth.”  
Chance of halting #Brexit now close to 50:50, says leading campaigner:  
Tony Blair makes the case for another EU referendum. Yes I know it’s Blair but he makes a sound argument. Disagree with his reasoning not the man.  
This image...These Brexiters...Slowly ensuring the destruction of the UK by forcing #Brexit through at any cost Makes me feel sick and sad and furious and enraged and aghast #FBPE 
Dalston law graduate who fought Brexit at supreme court launches free immigration advice service  
Opposite #Downing Street @no10vigil singing my heart out to #TheresaMay#StopBrexit for the children, for their future, for our country, for our #NHS, for everyone who deserves better than #Brexit#StopBrexitSaveBritainLovely photos of the protest by BruceTanner 
This would be a total betrayal of the EU Referendum! It was made perfectly clear to these saboteurs what their instructions were. We voted to take back control of our trade policy and to go global.What a sad, Little European you are, @ChukaUmunna! 
With #Brexit and major domestic issues the scandal in #forensics obviously can't compete for coverage. But there is a crisis that is growing by the day and it gets to the heart of the disaster of outsourcing. It started with this in 2012: 
MPs saying we need a customs union to avoid a border in NI is like them saying we should plant monkey nuts in the soil so we can grow monkeys. #Brexit 
Ruth Davidson, 18th February: I am ready to DEFY Westminster on BrexitAlso Ruth Davidson, 23rd February: Yes, Prime Minister,No, Prime Minister, Three bags full, Prime Minister  
STRONG & STABLE: EU boss Jean-Claude Juncker claims he would be a better PM than Theresa May / #EU #Brexit  
So Tony Blair wants another EU referendum..... yrv done enough damage .... fuck off  
Cracking piece from @weegingerdug who nails it once again; the growing consensus that #indyref2 must be held before 2021 to give us a voice on #brexit 
Corbyn isn't supporting Brexit. He's respecting the result of the referendum, while maintaining the option of voting against the final deal if it's really shit. Which it will be. The Lib Dems oppose Brexit. They're on 7%. Who stands more chance of stopping it?  
"After the photo was taken the the photographer left & the door was bolted shut. They all stood up, unzipped their human outer skins to reveal hideous alien monsters underneath. No one outside the locked room could understand the noises coming from inside." #Brexit #StopBrexit 
The Darwin Awards recognise individuals who contribute to human evolution by selecting themselves out of the gene pool via death or sterilisation by their own actions. Time we had a Brexit Award for MPs selecting us out of global business and competition. 
Imagine if the #Brexit ref result had been to stay.The NHS could have had the squandered billions, EU staff wouldn't be leaving in droves and waiting lists for operations would be far shorter.Nice job #Leavers, contrary to the big red bus message, you screwed the NHS big time 
Seriously? WTF is Brexit?  
Throwback to @zoesqwilliams being AWESOME: “Soft Brexit is a myth: membership without influence, responsibilities without rights, affiliation without hinterland, Norway minus, minus, minus.” We NEED to fight Brexit OF ALL FORMS. We NEED to #StopBrexit 
Welsh sheep farmers face a double whammy of new barriers to their biggest market and a wave of competition from New Zealand and Australia. @faisalislam & I have been in the Brecon Beacons for our latest #Brexit Forensics @SkyNews #Wales  
If #tonyblair really wants to stop Brexit he should keep schtum because his reputation is so tarnished everything he touches becomes tainted. 
As a Labour member and Remain voter. I wish Tony Blair would concentrate on helping murderous despots with their image problems, and leave the Brexit debate to people whose reputations aren't irredeemably destroyed. 
Enough of the revisionism – at the referendum we did vote to Leave the EU’s Customs Union  
Tony Blair on @BBCRadio4: When I was younger “every morning we would wake up to news about Northern Ireland. These last 20 years have seen that largely subside.” Read his article in full setting out the choices & divisions around #Brexit:  #BrexitFacts 
. @CarolineLucas - people want real opposition to #Brexit #StopBrexit  
The 37 “Brains for Brexit” do seem to be rather outnumbered by the 1,159 academics, including 139 economists, who take the opposite view. BfB has just two economists, neither an expert on trade.  
Brexit: EU leaders clash over financial impact of UK's departure  
Remarkable how inward-looking British politics has become. Breathless debate over government Brexit proposals that will not survive 5 minutes in talks with the EU while the wider global security environment is rapidly changing in ways barely noticed by UK politicians and pundits 
1/Why is the BBC biased against Stop Brexit?Because Arron Banks is involved.He uses the firm News-watch to provide the BBC with reports, which might be a little bias in favour of Brexit.News-watch:#FBPE 
It is said that Labour are waiting for public opinion to change before taking an anti-Brexit stance. Well let's show them that it has changed by voting against the pro-#Brexit Tory and Labour parties in the May 3 Local Elections. #StopBrexit #ABTV #FBPE #WATON 
#Brexit will affect Scottish farmers to a much greater degree than English ones - and this is why. 
Really? Tony Blair appears to be saying exactly the same thing as Vince Cable and the Lib Dems, who are currently polling in single figures.As a Labour member, I'm 100% behind Corbyn on Brexit. As I was when he voted against the war in Iraq, PFIs and tuition fees. #WATO 
Theresa May is braced for her top team to split when the EU rejects her Brexit trade demands  
Brexit WARNING: The true DANGER of Tory rebels to Theresa May REVEALED  
Take 'em to Court, Nicola. The Sovereignty of the Scottish people remains with the Scottish people in perpetuity. To force BREXIT on the sovereign people of Scotland renders the Treaty/Act of Union irredeemably broken. Continuity Bill is a good start.  
With link - Here's the record of @ianpaisleymp DUP/UUP voting against defending GFA against Brexit precepts + here he is as a guest in New York to celebrate er - the GFA and 20 years of peace.  @AlexKane221b and @BBCMarkSimpson - cake was in fact eaten ... 
How BBC kept Leavers off the airOver 10 yr period just 3.% pro-Brexit guests on Today Programme.Only 132 of 4,275 guests on Today between 2005 & 2015 were Leavers.Since #Brexit just 6.5% of speakers were pro-Brexit,@BBC should be impartialClearly not 
Renew's #ListenToBritain tour crosses paths with the Truth about Brexit Bus in sunny Liverpool. Great speeches and a great atmosphere. On the bus to Manchester now. Thanks for the ride! #BrexitFactsBusRolling @Renew_Britain @jwtorrance 
Does Jeremy Corbyn think Leave voters are too thick to notice him offering Brexit in name only? 
Oh dear....His constituents will be [experts say] the hardest hit in the UK by BREXIT.He's given his support to the NO DEAL BREXITEERS.He's the MP for a part of Britain where these collars are banned.He will have NO VOTE on the issue [EVEL]Good work Laura ? Get real lass 
I will be joining cross-party colleagues in backing this amendment on #Customs Union #Brexit @Open_Britain 
BBC now effectively campaigning for a 2nd referendum, finding people to make this absurd call and blasting them out over the airwaves.  
Tenner says it’s “Brexit means Brexit” again.  
Top level trolling by Vice-President of the European Commission. #Brexit #FBPE 
Hot on the heels of the news that the Netherlands is recruiting 750 extra customs staff for post-Brexit, Sweden has laid out its priorities in a new report.Britain has still to lay out its position, or to do any contingency planning. 
I went all #FedUpFriday this morning & went on a rant about everything wrong with the state of Brexit.There's more. Don't get me started on Managed Divergence.  
Corbyn has no clue about Brexit. He'll wait to see what the Tories do and then he'll oppose it! That's how Labour make policy you know.  via @GuidoFawkes 
More sense coming out of Tony Blair on #WATO than any of our senior politicians at the moment - and by calling for a second referendum, he's far more in tune with Labour members than Jeremy Corbyn. 
Tony Blair: Brexit Dilemma | Institute for Global Change. The kind of serious fact based thinking lacking elsewhere  
You'd have thought Tony Blair would be satisfied with the immense damage he has done to Britain's constitution, social fabric and international reputation - let alone what he did to the people of Iraq - but no, he thinks he knows better than the majority who voted for Brexit. 
None of the cabinet Secretaries for the devolved nations (Scotland, Wales, Northern Ireland) were invited to Theresa May's #Brexit Chequers meeting. That's 15% of the UK population completely ignored.Brexit is an Little Englander fantasy, and we're being sacrificed for it. 
In Brussels today, with our #EU27 partners, to discuss the post-2020 #EUbudget, next year’s elections for the European Parliament & Brexit. #FutureOfEurope #EURoad2Sibiu 
Brexit affects me @sandyofipswich I was disenfranchised in the vote. I will lose my livelihood at the end of the transition and I have a non-UK spouse. If this isn't being affected by a vote in the UK I don't know what is. You have no idea 
Let’s cool the language. We want the best economic #Brexit deal that also supports #GFA #peace in N Ireland. It’s about pragmatic solutions bringing ppl & business together recognising voters rejected #HardBrexit in June & that we’re only now having a proper debate about #Brexit  
Tony Blair makes the case for another EU referendum  
Since Corbyn was a consistent voter against his own party over the years, some 530+ times, why on earth would any Labour MP abide by his orders to vote in a certain way over #Brexit particularly when they don’t agree. He deserves absolutely zilch loyalty. 
Brexit: a play in two acts: Today @Telegraph has a story on its front page saying the UK may ban plastic straws, with Michael Gove saying Brexit will make this easier. It also has a leader inside complaining that the EU wants to ban plastic straws  
We need more of our politicians to stop appeasing those who want #ToryHardBrexit. They're hiding behind sovereignty/control, yet the UK either proposed or voted for 95+% of all EU laws & retained sovereignty. We also now know Brexit will COST the UK not save us £££. #StopBrexit 
Jean Claude-Juncker ... Does your ban on British driving licenses extend to Buses ???  #Brexit and get me the hell out of the EU !  Expose them for the Ponzi scheme they are.  
Only @UKLabour can save us from #TheresaMay’s begging bowl #Brexit strategy says Manuel Cortes @Manuel_TSSA @jeremycorbyn via @labourlist 
During the referendum campaign I was asked if I would accept being poorer in order to regain lost freedoms? I replied there was such choice before us. The very right to govern ourselves that we wished to reclaim will allow us to follow policies that made us richer, not poorer. 
Today on Uncensored: Brexit betrayal underway, net migration still over 240,000 & German opposition to Merkel.  
When unionists claim an indy Scotland will be as bad or worse than Brexit. Bollocks. I don't care your political hue, you can't tell me you think our Scottish gov. is in any way as incompetent as these eejits.  
BBC Parliament will run my lecture on life after Brexit on Saturday at 9pm. 
More threats from Brussels ... What a lovely organisation they really are !That's going to severely damage their holiday industry and casual travel purchases in France.#Brexit #Brexiteers 
Must be strange being a Telegraph reader. In the same week that they're told that the "EU wants to ban straws", their Tory darling Gove has said UK wants to ban straws but that "the EU might try to stop us". A perfect example for the bonkers insanity that led to #brexit  
Splendid comment on The Times this morning, spotted by friend of the show Mark Wood: "With non EU immigration now being twice that of EU immigration will Brexiters want another referendum to leave 'the World' as well as the EU?" 
NEW Tony Blair blasts Brexit MPs for 'sickening' proposal to scrap Good Friday Agreement  
Today’s @EveningStandard as EU dismisses Chequers Brexit plan & growing number of Tory rebels on customs union + @simonjenkins4 on Stormzy + lots of weekend sport 
John McDonnell says Britain must quit the Single Market. Please Labour Remainers accept him and Corbyn at their word. They want #Brexit. If we want to change their minds we have to force them by voting for pro-EU parties. #StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON 
RT Dear @Jo_Coburn Sorry to interrupt the repetitive pre scripted #brexit claptrap we hear EVERYDAY but here’s a REAL PUBLIC INTEREST STORY, that affects millions of viewers, any chance of a mention #bbcdpSame to @SkyNews @BBCNews #r4today @LBC #skypapers 
When Coburn spoke of the 'three baskets approach' was she talking about these three? #bbcdp #Brexit  
Jeremy Hunt has revealed Britain will quit the customs union putting the government on a collision course with Tory Brexit rebels.  
#LittleEnglandForDummys  GB  = England    UK= England    Union=England   Britain= England     Brexit= English Matter   Scotland= English Colony    Wales= English Colony  Northern Ireland= English Colony It's  easy once you get your British Nationalist Yoon translator working 
72% of my constituency voted remain - #Brexit represents massive danger to major companies and jobs. Facts cannot be hidden @LouiseEllman 
Liverpudlians concerned about the mounting costs of Brexit have joined the #BrexitFactsBus tour in Derby Square to ask #isitworthit 
A long time coming, but finally did it. Resigned from @UKLabour & joined @Renew_Britain. Right now it needs to be about fighting Brexit defending decent politics rather than party tribalism. 
“Brexit generates so much noise and fog that it is hard to discern moments of definition”. But as Tony Blair writes today, one thing is becoming clearer: Brexit means more than one version of Brexit. Read and share his latest essay  #BrexitFacts 
Corbyn once pledged to veto TTIP to protect the NHS from American companies. Now he's set to support a Brexit plan that would allow the EU to include us in its deals without even asking the UK, and with no veto for the NHS or anything else.  
And Tony Blair says there are at least 4 versions of Brexit -if parl doesn't endorse govt' final version 'put it back to the people.If this results in a fresh referendum ..it will be a new choice.' 
I am so sad about Brexit that I may have to start writing poems about myself. 
A lad from my school once tried a really flash dive off a high rock. It went wrong and he ended up with a fractured ankle and one testicle. For years he insisted he had aimed for a belly-flop and that it was, in fact, an amazing success.I’ve thought of him often during #Brexit. 
The idea that I am against the Belfast Agreement because it would supposedly prevent the "hard Brexit" that I am imagined to favour is bollocks on every level.  
Positive and constructive meeting at #Chequers last night. December was a decisive moment and we’re now making steady progress to delivering #Brexit – with a real sense of momentum as we move towards March European Council and agreement on implementation period. 
the worst sentiment to be normalized since Brexit is that elderly peoples votes are worth less 
Dutch government tells me they doubt there are enough vets in whole of EU available to public sectors to cope with increased post-Brexit phytosanitary checks...  
Chance of halting #Brexit now close to 50:50, says leading campaigner:  
Monologue about Brexit. Please share this around if you are as confused as us.  
Cardiff City Supporter like boxing politics Brexit Trump hate Leftys Metal Music Maiden Ozzy GUNS N ROSES AC DC AND R E M. LOVE LIFE  
Incoming from Tony Blair on how no one voted for this mess so we need another referendum  
Corbyn is often criticized for being ideological & didactic, rather than being pragmatic & fleet-of-foot to out-manoeuvre the Government. On Brexit, he could be about to defy that caricature in a very big way.  
Managed divergence might satisfy Brexiteers that principle of sovereignty is honoured, but it's a recipe for a) largely keeping things the same, just with less UK influence+higher costs b) a row with Brussels + a debate about true nature of Brexit that literally never ends 
FAZ today: Allensbach Institute reveals growing optimism for Europe in Germany, now 59% compared to 42% in 2014! Germans appreciate freedom to work and travel, advantages for consumers and the single currency And that in times of #Brexit!@faznet 
When the Brexiteers shout “sovereignty” and “will of the people”, they don’t mean you. They don’t mean the sovereignty of the Scottish people, or of Ireland, or the will of the people who voted against Brexit. They mean their own sovereignty, over you.  
It wasn’t an opinion poll it was a referendum. It represented orders to the government to get this country out of the EU. She wants to disregard those orders which is insolent.  
with thicko chuka, who identifies as Nigerian, leading the remoaners we who are brexit are assured of victory  
Tory rebels tell May: We’ll halt Britain’s exit from a customs unionFormer business minister @Anna_Soubry said: “A majority of Conservative backbenchers are crying out for leadership to a safe #Brexit place.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
The key point of Brexit will be free movement of people.  That's why we must strengthen public opinion against mass immigration to rid ourselves of the EU.  
Dave Brown on Chequers Brexit cabinet meeting - Political Cartoon Gallery in Putney  
May Brexit speech confirmed for a week today 
A spokesman for the Prime Minister says Theresa May will set out the basis of the UK's relationship with the EU after brexit in a speech next Friday 
What is Brexit? No, seriously, what the hell is it?! @MrNishKumar investigates...  #TheMashReport 
Young speaker James makes the case for the right to rethink if his generation’s prospects and opportunities are to be limited and local business man speaks out against the sheer dishonesty of #brexit. @isitworthitbus 
And the right wing media attacking the Florida teens is completely aligned with the right wing media and politicians trying to foist #Brexit on Britain.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
May has put Britain into an even worse position that it had been before #Brexit It won't have a voice while the EU will continue to impose its laws on it and the ECJ will continue imposing its sick and twisted rulings on it for years. This is treachery. May should go. 
#Brexit is a totally irresponsible waste of both resources and everybody’s time. It is simply not worth it.#StopBrexit 
How dare you imply I voted for Brexit because I'm a racist. I voted for Brexit because I'm an idiot. #dysbrexia 
Tick-Tock - time IS running out...“But time’s running out for French farmers, Germany car manufactures, for Spanish tourist resorts, and last of all, time’s running out for Italian politicians!“They[Italians] have got elections coming up!"#Brexit #EU 
Corbyn & Co to Labour's Brexit backing Northern heartlandsIf you want Brexit betrayed, Vote Labour...#YouCantTrustLabour 
Head is spinning. Telegraph news story says banning plastic straws will be easier after Brexit. Telegraph leader blames EU for “hostile, tendentious and futile” effort to ban plastic straws that is “contrary to the liberties of our ancient realm”  
"Labour is believed to be on the verge of a policy change" on Brexit, says the news, as if they currently have a policy. 
MAULED: Merkel is torn apart by AfD Leader, told not to punish Brexit Britain.UK now has an ever more powerful ally right in the heart of the EU. 
Some shadow ministers have expressed concerns that a shift in Brexit position could alienate pro-Leave Labour voters instead of the 65% they’re currently alienating. 
John Oliver is a great comedian who generates many laughs.  Unfortunately, #Brexit is no laughing matter.  @theresa_may must wake-up and show some decisiveness for once and allow the people to have a vote on the deal and a chance to #ExitFromBrexit 
"The day after I voted Brexit, all my friends at school where furious with me because they read a story on Lad Bible about a Portuguese resaurant that claimed every chicken it imported would now need a passport and visa."  
Chance of halting Brexit now close to 50:50, says leading campaigner  
"#Brexit can be stopped if people want it to be stopped" - @eloisetodd I'm fighting to stop it - are you? #StopBrexit #WATON 
The SNP'S poor record in government does not bode well for any new powers that come their way as a result of Brexit. @2351onthelist 
Long-serving NHS nurse @RoaringNurse from Spain describes life in limbo since the referendum result #isitworthit #brexitfactsbus 
WATCH | "You can't have a 'hard' or 'soft' independence. We don't want some of our sovereignty back, we want ALL of our sovereignty back!" 17.4m patriotic Brits didn't vote Leave for the fake Brexit this quisling government is trying to force on us. We want real independence!  
Yesterday I met @jeremycorbyn. Today I have given the same letter to @natalieben. #Brexit is the final nail on the coffin for the NHS. Is it worth it? #brexitfactsbusrolling #isitworthit 
.@Aiannucci talks to @theipaper about his Brexit and Trump fatigue, The Death of Stalin, his upcoming Dickens adaptation - and Alan Partridge 
All the difficult,unpleasant, low paid #Jobs that Migrants used to do & Brits did not want to do. Tories have a plan - force the British #unemployed & #Pensioners on low incomes to do these jobs. University Graduates will be cleaning the Toilets if Tories have their way.#Brexit  
“You can’t have a hard or a soft independence. We don’t want some of our sovereignty back, we want all of our sovereignty back." #Brexit #bbcqt 
Encouraging reports that senior Cabinet Ministers have agreed to diverge from Brussels regulations and take back control of our laws. This respects the referendum result and maximises opportunities for striking trade deals with countries around the world 
Surely the point is we can strike trade deals independently. If we want to do it in concert with the EU, fine, if not also fine. We shall act in our interest, that's part of the point of Brexit after all.  
Worth following: For all things anti-Brexit, equality & innovation:@HenryCPorter@GarethRoberts3@hairychesters@ourrachblogs@acgrayling@JamesMcGrory@PrecisionHomes_@NinetyFive_UK@mrjamesob@SamGhib@FHA_LDN@Andrew_Adonis@campbellclaret@davidschneider 
The @GMB_union rightly speaking out about the damaging effects of #Brexit   Time for a concerted trade union effort ! @The_TUC @unitetheunion @unisontweets @TSSAunion @UsdawUnion 
Viewing British politics through the prism of Brexit has absolutely exhausted me. There is so much going wrong. Intellectual atrophy crippling Westminster, widespread misinformation and incoherent party policies. Something has to give. 
"The EU does not want to give us a good deal because everyone else will want to leave. Mr Juncker, all he wants to do is be awkward." #Brexit #bbcqt 
Need clear instructions on how to legally stop paying the BBC license fee. They are now way too big for their boots, blast money right left & centre & try to thwart Brexit.The license fee rise is the last straw, if the Govt & Broadcasting Standards won't stop them it's up to us. 
17yo James @isitworthitbus Cheadle Hulme - I had no say in #Brexit but very worried about what will do to my job prospects #StopBrexit 
The Brexit Taliban - It's faith Not Facts  
Good to see @NFUCymru president @johndpentre on @SkyNews this morning stating the facts for welsh hill farmers  post brexit   
"There’s this preoccupation that time is running out for us. But time’s running out for French farmers, Germany car manufactures, for Spanish tourist resorts, and last of all, time’s running out for Italian politicians." #Brexit #bbcqt 
That #Chequers #Brexit cabinet agreement explained... My cartoon for today's @Independent 
On Cheadle Hulme stop of the #brexitfactsbus tour, Helen Foster says the mounting costs of Brexit would be better spent on education, police and the NHS  
Pathetic to see both warring Cabinet factions claiming victory while No 10 claims unity.There are irreconcilable problems at heart of Brexit 
I am so bored of #Brexit. It’s a toxic, divisive waste of time, focus and money. And for what? How exactly has the evil EU messed up your life, which shocking laws cripple you on a daily basis? How is Brexit REALLY going to make YOUR life better? Unless you’re a billionaire 
So it begins ..The Great Labour Brexit betrayal the treachery of MPs toward their core voters who voted Brexit.Labour simply believe they have their vote come what may #betrayal 
REMOAN: Alliance of anti-Brexit MPs now plotting to keep UK locked inside a Customs Union with the EU. This is outrageous!  
On Brexit, the Cabinet increasingly looks like a man imperiously demanding steak in a vegan restaurant. 
Labour Putting Politics Before PeopleEconomic policy guided by Marxist ideologyBrexit policy directives by union donorsLocal housing policy via Labour NEC diktatBack the fight to stoppair today 
Now that 'Mad Max Brexit' has been ruled out, would you like 'Matrix Brexit', 'Fahrenheit 451 Brexit', or the most ambitious Brexit of all, 'Terminator Brexit'? (in which Edward Heath is assassinated in the 1970s by a time-travelling robot.)  
Here's the English language summary of the #Brexit report prepared for the Swedish government which suggests UK membership of the EEA, a Ukraine-like DCFTA or Swiss-style bilateral agreements for different sectors of their economy.  
Blimey! My essay on leaving London is one of the most-read FT pieces this week. I neither expected this, nor the vivid debate about the fallout of Brexit among FT readers in the comment section.   
Here we go: a summary of the 260-pages report I hand over to the Swedish government today -what should Sweden, a free trading UK-likeminded country, prioritise in the upcoming #brexit negotiations? And why is neither #EEA #CETA #DCFTA a perfect solution?  
Michael nails it - Remoaners in Parliament think they have a way to stop Brexit- so much for the people’s decision will be implemented speech by Cameron - these MPs should be forced to vote as their Constituency voted in the Referendum- a Parliamentary majority for Leave of 166!  
Plan:1) Sign up to ‘a’ customs union to seduce anti-Brexit Tories & bring down government.2) Become PM-screw the country trying to implement ‘True Socialism’ while still beholden to EU regulation.3) Brexit slowdown means no more money for NHS.4) Ends in tears. Blame MSM. 
I have tabled an amendment with @Anna_Soubry and MPs from cross-parties that would commit government to staying in a Customs Union after Brexit. We believe it has the support to pass. I explained on the @BBCr4today programme this morning: 
"The degree to which the UK will be able to vary its laws and regulations from those of the EU after Brexit has been a key sticking point." To all @Conservatives Brexiters: please name just 3 laws/regulations which we 'need' to change. @Jacob_Rees_Mogg 
Ed Vaizey - We're going to stop selling things to France because that's too easy... 21 miles away... & start selling things to Laos... 8000 miles away. This whole thing about how #Brexit is good for trade is obviously complete nonsense.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Here we go round the mulberry bush....@UKLabour do NOT have the power to STOP #Brexit. The @CONservatives, with the DUP, have a majority. 
Clear and succinct - backs up what I've been saying since 2016 - Brexit is a Right Wing coup aimed at "taking back control" of us.  
Yet again, David Davis fails to do his homework. On a day when the Tory Cabinet finally decide to think about the possibility of a plan for the future of the UK, the Brexit Secretary brings no notes... #BrexitShambles #StopBrexit 
Health care risks being forgotten in #Brexit talks, industry warns #Brexit4Patients@EFPIA @EURACTIV 
Remarkable speech in which the chief exec of the British aviation regulator hits out at hard Brexit plans for divergence  
20 months in and it's been hailed as a major breakthrough that Theresa May might have reached agreement with her own government about Brexit in today's what a fucking shambles news. 
A political class too cowardly to risk upsetting a lobby group and the voters it has lied to. In the US, with guns. In the UK, with #Brexit 
You can't unite a country around a divisive thing like Brexit. But you might just unite it around solving the social problems that led many to make a protest vote.  
Theresa May at risk of Commons defeat as Labour shifts on Brexit  
Thank god we voted brexit, we will soon control our own straws! 
Steve Bell on the government's Brexit away day – cartoon  
This is a total betrayal of what the 52% of the electorate voted for.It will stop us controlling our own borders and prevent us from having an independent trade policy.It will result in #Brexit in name, but not in reality.  
'If you want Brexit betrayed, vote Labour' Farage DESTROYS Thornberry's EU proposals      
And then the anti #brexit voice is summarily cut off, leaving them sounding like a shouty lunatic. 
If they want war, they will get war.Deliver the Brexit we voted for or suffer the consequences.  
Why was Rees Mogg allowed to spout his nonsense without interruption for five mins while Umunna is constantly interrupted? This is very much an #r4today pattern for anti Brexit voices 
A fight to stop Brexit is a fight to save our NHS. Let's stop, rethink, & focus UK's attention to where it's needed the most. #SaveOurNHS #RenewBritain 
Oh dear. So much for the propaganda that the #economy is doing fine despite #brexit vote. Growth slows to weakest rate in G7 top industrial counties.  https://www.the  
The *only* economic ‘studies’ that suggests #brexit will be positive is that commissioned by ERG et al from Minford and others calling for unilaterally lifting of trade tariffs. Which is economically nuts and would damage poorest most. But the same studies are reported widely.... 
This leading Brexit-supporting economist writes: "It is vital not to lose sight of the wider economic and political benefits of Brexit. The UK’s departure from the EU is a once-in-a-generation opportunity to create a more open and dynamic Britain..."  
I hear that rich Leavers now concede they always knew Brexit would bee very damaging, but the prize of sovereignty was worth the suffering of poorer people. Interesting that Labour ( whatever it says on the customs union) thus far supports this. 
Boris Johnson waived a £6k fee so Hard Brexit colleagues could host a party on gvmnt property. Institue for Free Trade(IFT) wants UK to become a tax haven for the super rich. It is run by Boris' pal, Brextremist Daniel Hannan. Taxpayers shouldn't be subsidising this lobby group  
Looking forward to Great Yarmouth anti-Brexit meeting this eve. Just told @BBCNorfolk about need for referendum on Brexit terms - & better broadband & train service to Norwich. Train 35 mins for barely 20 miles & mostly an hourly service! Sort these things - don’t Brexit! 
Must read post #Chequers: Martin Wolf on why Britain is destined to become the EU’s Canada #Brexit  via @financialtimes 
Met up with Belgian Prime Minister @CharlesMichel and other EU colleagues in Brussels last night to talk #brexit and the #futureofeurope. EU has stood firmly beside Ireland throughout #brexit negotiations.  
Peter Bone warns a Brexit BETRAYAL will lead British people to LOSE faith in MPs  
I’d feel more comforted by that if not for three factors:1. The fact that general Labour policy seems to be basically in line with the Tories on Brexit.2. The fact JC seems more than happy to leave.3. The fact that the Tories will do everything they can to avoid another GE 
I'm told by a Cabinet source that the agreed Brexit blueprint is “an ambitious opening gambit”. In other words, little expectation the EU27 will accept it.  
Bravo that man.We all know what we voted for.#bbcqt (23/02/2018) #brexit "We want ALL of our sovereignty"  
Just arrived at the International Conference on the Sahel to discuss support for sub Saharan Africa. Then on to the @EUCouncil to talk #FutureofEurope and #brexit  
PATHETIC: Corbyn’s Labour could back staying in a Customs Union.Blatant opportunism and a complete betrayal of the referendum result!  
“Ambitious managed divergence” means a hard #Brexit  & will be understood as such by #EU27. Anything short of Single Market & Customs Union will result in inevitable barriers to trade....Ministers conclude crunch Brexit talks at Chequers - BBC News  
Secretaries of State for Scotland & Wales not even at this table ( though NI is).  So much for the “whole UK” approach to #Brexit .....Ministers conclude crunch Brexit talks at Chequers - BBC News  
The people most affected by the referendum were deprived of a vote in it. That is not democracy. This still has not been tackled by anyone properly. #FBPE 
If LAB shifts a notch on Brexit and backs a CON rebel Commons move TMay could be in trouble  
May to continue uncontrolled immigration after Brexit. The 'transition period' is a scam to continue implementing the policies of globalists. The UK needs a full, unhindered #Brexit which the people voted for.  
I'm fed up too. I'm fed up of working with Government to solve much simpler problems than Brexit - that still take years - with not enough resource and too much bureaucracy. Meanwhile, Brexit is draining our precious resources and somehow still badged as doable/easy. I'm fed up. 
(2) In fact I’d go further and say these reviews characterise the Brexit fault-line - i.e. the necessary weighting between the ideals of the European single market (the four freedoms if you like) and more conservative philosophical ideals of historical culture and place. 
Happy Friday to every single patriotic British person that voted #Brexit -British people -British Laws -British Money We WILL leave & we WILL thrive.   
EU leaders are going into battle over how to fill the budget gap created by Brexit  
Brexit secret assessments - now accessed by hundreds of WM and devolved administration parliamentarians, who have been sanctioned to comment only in obliquest of ways, "darkened room","stiff drink"etc.What was the point of that, then....? 
Our latest podcast is live. We grill Jeremy Corbyn on Brexit and offer him our anti-Brexit newspaper, and we speak to @normanlamb. Download it for free here:  
Really important thread: did you know that UK citizens living in EU were denied a vote in the referendum. EU citizens in the UK were too. 4.2million represents another 10%. Disgusting that they were disenfranchised.  
Give this man a medal!“You can’t have soft or hard independence. We don’t want some of our sovereignty back. We want ALL of our sovereignty back”#bbcqt #Brexit 
When someone lies and schemes to defraud you of something you value and cherish it is a crime. #Brexit is the biggest crime in history perpetrated on an entire nation. Those responsible should be charged with fraud and locked up. 
Twenty months after the Referendum, the Government finally agrees a fudged approach to leaving the EU. And it’s celebrated as a great success. Oh and, small point, but the next challenge is to get a deal with the EU27. #brexitshambles 
And mostly fed up that we are spending years in Groundhog Day, fumbling with the complexity of Brexit when we have real issues, practical issues that need solving now. Fed up the NHS, social care, pensions, housing, legal aid etc aren’t the scandal of the day.There’s more. /4 
Govt exclusive focus on economic impacts of Brexit is so demoralising. Who led on our continued desire to travel, work, make relationships with other Europeans? Who considered the impact of Brexit on the health service? Who mentioned the peace divided from the EU? Etc. Etc.  
Downing Street is briefing that Theresa May played a blinder at her unity Brexit summit. Meanwhile Remain & Leave members of the cabinet are both claiming they won the argument. #TheBigFudge 
Fed up that the noise of Brexit is cancelling out any prospect of quiet logic & reason.Fed up that language is distorted so often that everything is now presented fork-tongued.Fed up at the speed & cycle of events that could, but don’t, bring ministers down.There’s more. /3 
What’s more telling is who is *not* in the photograph. No Scottish Secretary. No Education Secretary. No Health Secretary. Given the big Brexit issues for these three government departments alone, you’d think they’d at least be around the table.  
If I sound fed up, that’s because I am. Fed up that we are investing all our effort in a Brexit that is damaging us, & the external perception of us, just through its discussion.Fed up that the discussion is not honest & transparent. There’s more. /1 
The only person with no notes or briefing yesterday at Chequers was the Brexit Secretary. Reassuring.  
Cabinet Committee has agreed that UK wants to have its cake and eat it. We’ve come such a long way since the Referendum.  
Agree 100% #brexit is one of the most sordid, disorganised, graceless, pointless unforced errors I think our nation has yet made. It goes to show what 20 years of cuts to education gives you - a credulous, insular mob  
Another giant British employer and global icon in deep water because of Brexit. What does Brexit hate about British workers? #FBPE #r4today 
Round, round in circles we go. There are real issues, real problems that need to be solved, not in ten years, but now. (Ever-constricting) Brexit ain’t the answer.  
Leamoaners have had 40 odd years to bitch, moan, whine & plot Brexit. 40+ years & no plan! So insecure are they in their pyrrhic 'victory' that their only defence to any opposition is that it is 'undemocratic'. Soz guys but, 40+ yrs seriously? You need to do better than that!! 
And the EU’s response to this will likely be ‘No, you stick to our standards and rules on our terms’. Vicious circle. #Brexit  
Wednesday I tweeted a list of the power behind the throne.This is the throne.“War” cabinet apparently Why?So is this a tactic admission that Brexit is an act of War Who is the enemy then?#stopbrexit#FBPE 
Starting soon: #PESleaders ahead of informal #EUCO. On the agenda #spitzenkandidat #Brexit and #MFF 
South Australian election will be a referendum on #RenewableEnergy They deserve all our support for showing political leadership on #ClimateChange #auspol #sapol#TheDrum #Insiders #QandA #MatterOfFact@RNBreakfast @BreakfastNews@ABCNews24 
I am pushing for a Hard No Brexit.That means a hard, no No Deal Brexit. Or to put it another way,I will put all my fucking resolve into fucking Brexit until it is well and fucking truly fucking fucked.I want my life back. I want my tolerant, open country back. 
BREXIT MYTHSMyth: The pound has recovered from its initial fall after the referendum.Truth: Not at all against the euro. Any recovery is really a dollar story - the collapse of the dollar following the election of Trump.#Brexism 
Come and find out today how much Brexit is really costing. The ‘Brexit: is it worth it?’ Bus will be in Cheadle Hulme this morning at 10.00 am on Station Road, near the Methodist Church.  ##brexitshambles #WATON 
It’s time for Americans to worry about Brexit  
So after May’s Brexit warring cabinet meeting the UK appears to be both staying and going in Europe. Shall be trying to make sense of the Brexit fudge-muddle on @GMB 
Curiouser and curiouser. Has the Home Office explained how non EU migration it currently controls 100% is increasing significantly. On what legal grounds are these very large numbers of people being admitted to the UK and how will  Brexit help reduce these numbers?  
As is now seems that the 'Soft' [Non]Brexit has won, I'd like to be the first to congratulate Chuka Umunna & Anna Soubry on their success.Now we move to the next stage ... Voter rebellion ? 17.4m ignored voters make quite a political force.#Brexit #Brexiteers 
My heart sinks every time I get a @LibDems letter saying I can help steer Brexit and it's by writing to my MP.My MP signed the ERG letter demanding May pursue the most crippling Brexit and has spent months spouting UKIP level bile.People like me have no voice now. 
EU leaders to clash over post-Brexit budget  
Labour poised to make 'seismic' Brexit U-turn: Senior figures say the party wants stay in an EU customs union New stance would make it impossible for Britain to make its own trade deals  via @MailOnline 
My critique of Economists for Free Trade's new paper disputing the Government's estimates of the cost of Brexit. It's not an economic analysis, it's a polemic:  
Just say no to EU, bawled the exasperated @KateHoeyMP : QUENTIN LETTS watches as Labour MP speaks up for Brexit  @WalkerWorcester @theresa_may @Conservatives 
I’m so sorry to hear that.  That’s truly awful.The trouble is that Brexit has emboldened racists and yet the Tories continue to capitulate to the far right extremists by following their Brexit Far Right agenda instead of tackling it head on and showing them a better path.  
I wrote to you numerous times about my concerns over Russian interference in the EU referendum enclosing all sorts of relevant information which you ignored.You told me to, an ordinary member of the public, to go and find the proof myself.Neither you or your party will act.  
No Luther. I want a free trade agreement, which is a wholly different thing from a Customs Union. If you don’t know the difference, you’re not qualified to discuss the Brexit issue.  
As much as our discourse has been around gun violence and gun control, it's also become a referendum on how our nation doesn't value teachers and expects them to be okay with that because teaching is a "noble" profession. 
. @ABCFactCheck please fact check the statement on @QandA last Monday by Shareena Clanton “My mother was born in 1965 and she was not considered a human being until the referendum came through (sic) to the Flora and Fauna Act in 1967” #auspol 
Rally on Parliament Lawns calling for this election to be a referendum on poker machines. #politas #tasvotes @WINNews_Tas 
Brexit  - It is inconceivable that the EU will accept mutual recognition of standards, or divergence – managed or otherwise.  If the UK insists on pursuing this line, Mrs May will be writing the suicide note for the Brexit talks...  #Brexit.  
May may come to regret taking a day trip to Buckinghamshire. While she's been away, it seems Soubry & Labour have been cooking something up that may make the Chequers Brexit talks completely irrelevant.#FBPE #WATON 
Farage was given Mercer’s gift of Cambridge Analytica to win Brexit (for free.) Farage then came to California and tried to cause #Calexit (at Mercer’s behest.) Calexit would bring Mercer one step closer to calling a Convention of States. 
Great news...pile it on...whether local issues or not, the tide's turned against this autocratic Govt & its #Brexit; the tsunami forming may also swamp a complicit Labour party if it doesn't read the signs & back a Binding #FinalSay 2018 with the option to #StopBrexit. May 3rd! 
It doesn’t matter one iota if the Citizens’ Assembly consisted solely of Freemasons, the decision on the referendum will be taken by the fully informed, democratically elected Dáil.#repealthe8th 
I'm late to this, but this is my critique of Economists for Brexit's paper critiquing DexEU/HMT's Brexit forecasts. You know, the ones no-one has officially seen. An Alternative Brexit Polemic:  
“Ambitious managed divergence” Hhmm, sounds like "Hardest Brexit delivered last minute with a lie, bait n switch finale." 
If you agreed with @AyoCaesar tonight and think those kinds of views - on media oligarchs, treatment of asylum seekers and a Brexit that works - aren't reflected in the mainstream, then why not help us build a new media for a different politics. #BBCQT 
#BBCQT Tories can't win on social media as they only resort to abuse!Tories expect to lose a lot of council seats at next elections.....People are sick of CUTS, sick of LIES, sick of SMEARS...Oh and many are sick of Brexit already... 
To be fair, 20 months have also passed in which the side that won the referendum (without any kind of Brexit plan, let's not forget) failed to master the details of Brexit relating to trade and regulation and consequently keeps asking for the moon on a stick and getting rebuffed.  
Weatherill: Why state election will be referendum on renewables : RenewEconomy (How vile is the coal industry?!  “We have been facing a massive campaign of misinformation waged by the coal lobby against the South Australia government” #auspol #SAparli) 
The cultural loss through Brexit will be the greatest hurt for the UK☟The Woman Who Produced "The Girl With All The Gifts" Left The UK Because Of Brexit  via @emilydugan 
#Brexit meeting "positive and constructive", senior cabinet insiders say.  
Labour's ridiculous Brexit position is succumbing to reality. Penny's dropped they cannot claim to be anti-austerity pro-jobs pro-regional equality & pro-Brexit all at once. Time to keep the pressure on. Lots of Labour members & MPs know that Brexit is bad for Britain.#FBPE 
UK to lose EU rebate in 2021 'in extended Brexit transition'Brexit is literally going to end up costing us more money for a worse deal.#StopBrexit #Remain #FBPE 
I had a thought. If we announce that there will be no KFC post-Brexit, I reckon we could turn enough leavers and #StopBrexit in its tracks. 
Only an arrogant anti-democrat would argue that counting “brains”, rather than votes, was relevant to Brexit.  
So Remainer Kenneth Clark is on #BBCQT next week for his 58th & the most question time appearance of anybody.But all we hear from @Andrew_Adonis and @campbellclaret is that @Nigel_Farage makes his 32 appearance courtesy of BBC Brexit Bias. LOL Couldn't make it up. 
How can a party...the GOP...unilaterally change the core of how the USA has held itself to the world?  Quietly reshape it with no debate, referendum or specific vote?  WOW...they need to be voted out. 
. @ayocaesar on how its important to fight a bankers Brexit and make sure Britain gets a deal that works for public services, wages and living standards #BBCQT 
#bbcqt Please will somebody acknowledge that nearly half of the population voted against #brexit ! Undeniably a huge percentage of the electorate. We are increasingly being overlooked and more people are against it than ever before. #remain 
"We need commitments that this won't be a banker's brexit which rips up worker's rights #ForTheMany & protects the privilege & the power of the few!" They're my priorities as a voter as well @AyoCaesar!! #BBCqt 
After all the scaremongering about BREXIT its reality will descend upon the EU tomorrow when it meets to decide how to respond to the £10 billion black hole in its budget after the UK exits. Do nations increase their payments to Brussels or do they agree to reduce the CAP/ERDF!! 
#BBCQT I know she had to trash Brexit in her answer to maintain her virtue signalling high standard.But she managed to mention a "disaster scenario", "crashing out" and talk down our nations ability to be a success in space of one sentence.Good lord! The Far Left hate the UK.  
The ONLY reason we have the "brexit" madness is that Cameron promised everyone a vote in the Referendum, and then the Tory  Head-Bangers disenfranchised 4.9 million British Citizens abroad , correctly fearing they would vote to remain in the EU. Is that Democracy ? 
“When the facts change, I change my mind - what do you do, Sir?” ― John Maynard Keynes#Brexit-#RequiemPourUnCon 
Juergen Maier speaking clearly and sensibly on Brexit #bbcqt. Why can't we have more business people involved in Brexit negotiations rather than politicians? 
This guy is bang on the money. We didn’t vote #Leave to regain some sovereignty, we voted to leave to regain ALL sovereignty. #Brexit #bbcqt 
This audience member says it is more accurate to refer to the Brexit process as being an independence process, and that those who voted to leave want to see all sovereignty returned to the UK from the EU #bbcqt 
Watching this #bbcqt from uttoxeter I think its more evident than ever the English need their own referendum and leave us normal folk alone #scotref 
Oh dear "I've been to Spain on holiday" woman now thinks she's an expert on brexit negotiation  #bbcqt 
Love the way that so many of the British public seem to think that the EU is somehow going to be worse off after Brexit than the UK. #Bbcqt 
A tip for all future Labour representatives on #bbcqt - Don't call the government disunited and confused about Brexit, it won't end well for you. 
Siemens UK CEO @Juergen_Maier says the best option for leaving the EU is to find a middle ground and work out a sensible Brexit #bbcqt 
Meanwhile, in sunny #Brexit uplands...PM: I want cakeShop: We don't have anyPM: It must have royal icingShop: We don't do thatPM: ...and lots of decorationsShop: Madam, if you would just...PM: ... and it MUST be chocolateShop: OH FFS! THIS IS A BUTCHER SHOP!#StopBrexit 
Johnson: "We're going to stick it to EU standards".Hammond: "We're going to stick to EU standards".May: "Deep and special. Brexit means brexit. Nothing has changed." 
We are delivering on the referendum vote and are focused on getting the best Brexit deal for the whole country. This will mean we can build a better future for ordinary people by getting control of our laws, money and borders #bbcqt 
"Is the proposed transitional period just a cynical attempt to stop Brexit" #bbcqt.Yes.Next question.... 
"I think Mrs May probably has this nightmare that she's about to announce a Brexit plan and she hasn't got one" - @MatthewParris3 tells #newsnight 
McDonnell is worried that leave voters would feel the referendum result had been ignored if Labour suggesting staying in Single Market.Fine, go with that then John & it'll be Labour that gets ignored. Jobs first Brexit? You're having a laugh!  
#bbcqtI am British and have been living and working in Spain for 23 years. Please explain to me how #Brexit is a good thing or me or for anybody. 
#BBCQT Big talk about the free press and a balanced press During Scotland’s Independence Referendum 35 out of 36 newspapers were anti IndyAnd both Labour and Tory Unionists represented on the panel loved it and used it daily Hypocrisy to the highest level ! 
“Everyone who lost their mandate for a hard Brexit in an ill-advised snap general election last June look at the camera now.”  
Do you think the current libelous Tory and Tory media smears of Jeremy Corbyn are due to:Distraction from Brexit failure (RT)Possibility of May government falling after local elections (RT)#bbcqt 
Seems likely Brexit is now moving to another crucial meaningless speech, but this time May will set out her hopes of a transition deal she knows we can’t have, thus ensuring no transition and bringing the no deal exit out into the open. 
Fun fact about Kristen Nygaard: you know him as the co-creator of OOP. He was also politically active, and ahead of Norway's 1994 EU referendum he acted as the leader of the official "No to the EU" organisation.Yes, Norwegian Nigel Farage invented object oriented programming. 
Denigrating your Britishness? Nationalists have removed Articles 2&3, take part in governance of NI, sit in Stormont (full of British symbols) & all accept a referendum policy for a UI. I mean seriously, take gains when you get them @bbctheview 
In a post Brexit world, implementation of Labour Manifesto by a Corbyn led Labour government will revitalise UK economy & UK society. Please Vote whether you Agree or Disagree with the above statement. Please Retweet once Voted. Many thanks #POLL 
She has caved. AGAIN. May is a disaster for Brexit.  
Spanish communist Zapatero supports Evo Morales illegal reelection in Bolivia despite citizens voting in referendum against it. Marxists coming to the rescue of totalitarian regimes in Latin America. OAS? Out to lunch, impotent and useless. Tragic  
Where is @DavidMundellDCT the Secretary of State for Scotland. Will he stand up for Scotland’s desire to stay in the single market and the customs union to save jobs and prosperity or will be be supporting massive self harm from a Tory hard Brexit.  
Ever closer Union was effectively dead anyway because government had put referendum on statute book for any treaty change involving more power to Brussels.  
Yes it can, John. But you don't want it to. Because you're an out of date Bennite dinosaur who's desperate to create your own alt-left socialist utopia behind a Brexit Berlin Wall of political and economic isolation.#FBPE 
So, after EIGHT HOURS of meeting at #Chequers to at last get an agreed #government position on #Brexit , STILL nothing agreed (or nothing they’re willing to tell us). 
For the sake of clarity, it isn’t the EU-hating Farage that’s making an appearance on #BBCQT tonight.The BBC has gone one better and got itself an EU-hating venue: the customer-conning, Tory-funding JCB in Uttoxeter.Thanks once again to the BBC for making Brexit happen.  
UK border epassport gates a perfect symbol of the impending chaos of Brexit. We couldn’t just use the ones they’ve got on mainland Europe. The ones that work. Oh no. That would be too easy. We’ve made our own. And they’re crap. 
Go figure! Not one single elected representative from Scotland deciding the future of Scotland’s relationship with Europe. UK ‘democracy’ in action. #Brexit  
Jeremy Corbyn may be many things. Hopeless on the economy, hopeless on foreign policy and hopeless on tackling anti-Semitism. But I'll say one thing for him: he's also hopeless on Brexit. 
Here it is the official portrait of the 8 hour EUXT (SN) aka Brexit War Cabinet... now over -Clark led on cars, Gove on agri-food, Fox on digital trade, PM on overall future economic partnership...  
I think an additional hashtag for the upcoming referendum with which one can refer to the referendum without referencing either side of the argument would be a good idea!Perhaps #8referendum 
I may be reaching here, but we may be beginning to see the end of Brexit.Both the Tories & Labour now seem to be trying to come up with a plan to reverse course, worried that the other will get there first.It is no master plan by either but the Overton window is moving fast. 
Here's the official picture of the government's Brexit away day.  
Peter Bone MP - "Ending free movement, making our own laws in our own country, judged by our own judges and not giving billions and billions of pound each year to the EU. If any of those are broken, we’ve lost faith for the British people." #Brexit  
If you need any proof that the UK isn’t a democracy and the devolved nations are nothing but asserts to be squandered. There was not one Scottish voice at the Tory #Brexit war Cabinet meeting. It’s an English only affair! It’s a f@cking insult and some folk still don’t care 
Brexit just keeps on giving, showing Remain and Project Fear for what it is!  
Our Brexit destiny in their hands. As you can see, it is all about @michaelgove - though the top pose is by @RaoulRuparel, Davis’s SpAd (right centre). And @GavinWilliamson is half in, half out - like the planned compromise policy 
Breaking News: After only 10 hours of Brexit talks, cabinet finally reach agreement to have British tea cakes for breakfast instead of French croisants when negotiations resume in the morning. Johnson hails it as major boost for global Britain.  
Nigel Farage - "It’s pretty clear now that if you want #Brexit betrayed, vote Labour. Because they'll be no difference in our global relationships if Labour win the next election."  
We are entirely crowdfunded by 650+ people concerned about the costs of Brexit. This story is false.  
The #BrexitFactsBus is going to be in #Leeds at 5pm tomorrow! Meet us at Cookridge Street, just off the Headrow. With @RCorbettMEP, @RichardNewby3 & Michael Meadowcroft. Learn the truth about #Brexit and the £2bn per week cost to Britain.  
I'm no longer too worried that Brexit will happen. We'll stop it. My concern is that the architects of it will somehow get off scot-free. They must be held to account for attempting to ruin so many lives.Perhaps a crowdfunded civil action - damages to go to Brexit victims? 
Even Remainers Think BBC Is Anti-Brexit  
There’s no mandate for PM’s ‘red line’ on Single Market. As Tory MEP @DanielJHannan said himself before the referendum: “Absolutely nobody is talking about threatening our place in the single market”. Commons can override the PM. Let’s support #SingleMarket @laboursinglemkt 
The USA has been waiting 242 years to consume the UK.Brexit gives them the opportunity.#FBPE 
Check it! Someone just gave the exact amount to get us to £200k! WOW!! thank you to everyone who has given Every tenner will be invested to spread the word that Brexit isn’t done yet. No Brexit *is* possible   
Lord Flight - "We’ve had a referendum, we all know what the result was. Why does Adonis think he’s God? Crackpot." #Brexit  
A we poll on how you voted and how you will vote again in a Scottish Independence referendum ?#RT 
Afraid? You should be this guy is the Minister for Environment, Food & Rural affairs and they’re all going to get shafted post Brexit  
Emails show Boris Johnson waived a £6,000 room hire fee for the launch of a hard-Brexit think tank at the Foreign Office's buildings - read the documents here  
Hey #Brexit fanatics!Have a look at the back of your tax form. I looked at mine, and the EU cost me £4 last year. That's half what I paid for street lights. In return, I got all these good things... #RemainInTheEU 
Preventing a Brexit disaster - and the austerity this entails - requires more than the #CustomsUnion alone. So here’s a few reasons why Labour’s frontbench must, as a minimum, now also back the #SingleMarket (other than for the famous ‘four freedoms’): 
"Drop-off in Europeans working in the UK since Brexit vote is driving an NHS staffing crisis.Desperately-needed doctors and nurses from elsewhere in the world are having applications to work rejected under "insane" rules." 
Some #brexit supporters might need this made clearer:- Immigrants from Europe down to 90k- Immigrants from outside Europe up to 205kErgo, leaving Europe will not stop immigrants entering the UK. #ToriesOut #brexit #truth 
well fuck i must have missed the referendum on whether liam is in or out of cheryl #chexit pic.twitter.com/acjK1rRQh7 
Brandon Lewis 'completely open about his expenses'. He  has claimed a HUGE amount! - including contributions to the 'Hard Brexit' European Research Group #bbcqt 
Brexit must and will be stopped.The rule of unreason has its self-imposed limits. But it also has an ever-growing army of Remainers determined to stop the wreckers & save our country. 
Is Labour's constructive ambiguity on Brexit coming to an end?hmmmm... this is worth a read from @iainjwatson 
This is the worst case scenario ... Brussels senses Theresa May is weak and starts to play her. Time to go Theresa, before you do any harm ... give the job to someone who is totally committed to #Brexit and watch the EU crumble. 
Now just 13k signatures to go b4 they HAVE to debate in Parliament!.Plse ask ur family to sign, plus sign with ur other emails too. RT like crazy!.Petition: Parliament's vote on the Brexit deal must include an option to remain in the EU  
I think you could describe that as a soft Brexit! 
You and your fellow travellers have been challenging the Good Friday Agreement because it's in the way of your hardcore Tory Brexit ideology, and that's as see through as it is, frankly, grotesque.We won't let you undermine the Irish peace process.  
A big problem with post Brexit trade deals is that the UK expects all the other countries that we currently trade with through the EU to suddenly drop everything and renegotiate a deal with us because WE don't have time to wait.It's the arrogance that's unbearable.#FBPE 
Whilst David Davis maintains that Brexit will be nothing like Mad Max; in Chequers right now Civil Aviation regulatory policy is being decided by a cage fight between Chris Grayling and Greg Clark. 
The #BrexitFactsBus will be allowed in #Oxford despite county council's 'ban'Initially planned for Broad Street until the county council refused, the 'Brexit: Is it worth it?' bus will be parked near Bonn Square on Monday instead.#FBPE @isitworthitbus 
“This is deeply cynical!” @Nigel_Farage left in disbelief after Emily Thornberry told LBC Labour would seek to keep Britain inside a customs union after Brexit  
Apparently, May has locked herself and the Brexit Cabinet in a room and she’s not letting them out until they agree. I think we should do the right thing and brick up the door, personally. 
ALMOST THERE!  Petition: Parliament's vote on the Brexit deal must include an option to remain in the EU.  
They said if they haven’t worked out what Brexit is by midnight they’ll have a seance and ask Pitt the Younger. “Or we could ring Rees-Mogg”“Same thing, old boy”And they all laughed 
Borrowed Brexit Cash is being poured into a bottomless pit of new staff & consultants etc, to 'deliver the undeliverable'. The NHS and other worthy recipients of much-needed additional funding are, in parallel, being cash-starved! There's NO 'Will of the people' for such Waste! 
Five minutes into Brexit and chill and he gives you this look.  
Actually,quite shocking to see how little most folks know about the #EU.They don't even know that they hold dual citizenship. Why don't they know? #BrexitFactsBus#Brexit  
This isn’t about punishment. It’s about voting for the party that best represents my interests. Clearly the one that helped trigger A50 and still fully supports Brexit (and even though it’s member don’t) isn’t it. Pretty obvious, I’d say.  
Tomorrow the #brexitfactsbus reaches the north west where the government's preferred form of Brexit would knock 8% off growth #isitworthit 
At the end of the Cabinet Away Day, David Cameron turns up at Chequers as a surprise after dinner speaker and for a quick game of 'Whose Fault is it Anyway?' #brexit  
Tonight’s topics. 1. Brexit when! 2. Black Panther 3. Kumbaya policing!  
How did they vote?If they voted Brexit time they came clean, ‘fess up, admit they didn’t understand what it meant, and FIGHT for NO Brexit.  Just like farmers and all other “exceptions” who voted for Brexit wanting “exceptions”.Otherwise “get over it”.  
You would only have to de-select a couple of Tory MPs for the others to get back in line and do what they were elected to do just 8 months ago.They were elected to implement the Tory Manifesto, which included ensuring that #Brexit actually happens.  
I'm sat in the Bishop's Arms, listening to Led Zep's Whole Lotta Love while drinking a pint of Spitfire after a day training Swedes, Norwegians & Macedonians. Were it not for missing my family, it doesn't get much better than this. Fuck Brexit from Stockholm. Swivel on this! 
If England wants its Brexit so much maybe it should have a referendum on Indy from the UK and leave us all in peaceInstead of dragging us down with it 
Cabinet ministers holding an away day at Chequers to remind themselves that Britain had a referendum and Leave won.  
According to reports, Jeremy Corbyn will finally lay out his position on #brexit on Monday. I wonder what it could be...  
Actually lost for words Westminster’s Brexit papers state a loss to Scotland, of £12.7 billion per year £55.50 per week per Scot  
Lords told to declare fat EU pensions ahead of Brexit debate  via @MailOnline 
Let there be no failure to remember the valiant and true 17,410,742 people who calmly placed their X in a box on a ballot paper at the EU Referendum and proved by a majority of fully 1,269,501 that the British people had decided that the UK should leave the EU. The 'one' was me. 
The Brexit snakeoil salesmen sold the British people a fucking pup.In response, 37% of the electorate wrote them a blank fucking cheque.The snakeoil salesmen are too fucking dumb to cash it in.Time to recall and tear up the fucking cheque.#dontbrexitfixit #StopBrexit 
Brandon Lewis is the Tory Party Chairman, a member of Jacob Rees-Mogg's 'Hard Brexit' European Research Group and a huge fan of Donald Trump #bbcqt 
"People didn't vote for #Brexit to make themselves poorer - we need to raise awareness about the negative #BrexitImpact" - our President @maryhoneyball speaking at our AGM this evening #StopBrexit2018 
Theresa May is currently facing a dangerous Labour/Tory-Remain pincer movement. But there is one up-side for her. She can say with credibility to her hard-right critics “lose me, and you lose Brexit”. 
Why should we be paying for this left wing, anti-Brexit rubbish? The BBC should fund themselves.   
Brexit WARNING: The true DANGER of Treacherous @Anna_Soubry and Tory Traitors  REVEALED   @theresa_may @Conservatives @DavidDavisMP @BorisJohnson @Jacob_Rees_Mogg 
Labour wants to team up with the EU to strike trade deals together after Brexit 
I look surprisingly furtive going into the room that holds the fairly scant Brexit papers! Was expecting reams of research and findings. There wasn't more than ten or so pages-mostly graphs. Scratching the surface of the economic disaster Brexit will be for people and jobs  
The official pic from tonight’s Brexit Cabinet at Chequers. May says she won’t unlock the doors until they agree. A long night ahead  
The Government spent vast amounts of money telling voters Brexit meant leaving the single market and customs union alongside its claim that households would be £4,300 worse off from Brexit. 17.4 million people knew what they were voting for - @TomCannon1 
UK exports in 2016: ($bn)India 4.5Australia 5.4Japan 6.6Canada 6.3China 18.3US 62.3EU 203.2Spot the problem. #Brexit 
If u missed it yesterday, here’s @campbellclaret posing the crucial question all @UKLabour members need to ask of themselves - whether they want to be complicit in a hard-right Tory #Brexit  
1 A few points on this idea - particularly if @jeremycorbyn is thinking about adding the notion to his big Brexit speech.  
When I look at timelines of Remain voters it’s all a bit depressing. Weirdly, when I look at the timelines of Leave supporters, it’s even more depressing. Is there anybody who isn’t depressed about Brexit?  
The thing is, we voted to LEAVE the EU. Government seems set on getting as close to staying in as possible while still saying we've left. Conservative party needs JRM now to save Brexit and our democracy. #skynews #skypapers #bbcnews @DPJHodges @JuliaHB1 
A society riddled with chronic injustices led, in part, to the Brexit vote. But a zombie Tory government wedded to a rotten, unjust system is incapable of solving those injustices.  
In their own words: all the members of Brexit war cabinet have committed to the UK taking back control of its laws @EuroGuido 
Majority in Montenegro never supported joining NATO. Overwhelming majority of Montenegrins wanted NATO put to a referendum vote. But Montenegro's corrupt boss Djukanovic & his NATO backers knew they'd lose referendum, so joined NATO without popular vote. Another bitter episode 
Would you support a referendum to reduce the number of constituencies in Kenya and ultimately have fewer MPs? 
UK to lose EU rebate in 2021 'even in extended Brexit transition'  
.@jeremycorbyn is considering backing a plan to remain in the Customs Union, betraying all of those @uklabour supporting leave voters.He is also thinking about a 2nd referendum.… 
Every day I reach a point where I know the only way those far right billionaires will enforce their monumentally destructive Brexit is by bringing in the military.But then I remember.They don't need the military to help them enforce their coup.They have Corbyn.#StopBrexit 
"Brexit and the GFA are mutually incompatible. It’s as simple as that,”   #WeNeedTheGFA 
.@EmilyThornberry has just said they would give up the right for the #UK to give up any ability to negotiate our own trade deals if it kept the #EU happy. I swear I have no bloomin idea what the @UKLabour #Brexit policy is anymore.   
Trade union leader Manuel Cortes: “Any Brexit deal that introduces friction and borders will finish off the job that Thatcher started because our manufacturing industry will just dwindle away".  
I've tabled a new amendment to #TradeBill  mandating Govt to form "a" Customs Union with #EU #Brexit. It's gaining x party support @ChukaUmunna @NickyMorgan01 et al. It would be in the national interest if the Government & official Opposition also backed it. 
If Boris resigns, I seriously would welcome his challenge on the leadership before they sign us up to the most ridiculously soft #Brexit. Boris, Jacob, should filed their team of #Brexiteers and do this country proud before the gutless ruin it. 
This defense of the Alternative Brexit Economic Analysis by @julianHjessop is clear & honest. It therefore is forced to concede points @ChrisGiles_ , I & others made: report is based on nonsensical assumptions & contains obvious errors. 
Telegraph readers having an absolute topquality meltdown on comments section on "UK driving licences may no longer be recognised in Europe after Brexit" article - remember these are same people who couldnt bear to have tiny EU flags on thier number plates  
“The hem has fell down the dress,” says Mattie McGrath, attempting to undermine the #CitizensAssembly and with it the #repealthe8th referendum. The man is pathologically incapable of even thinking about women’s rights without using sexist 1950s language. 
Do you think that there really isn't (any longer) any valid reason for going ahead with Brexit? And that one reason for defensiveness of its proponents is that they are all too aware that what they're defending is a decision rooted in a prejudice that dares not speak its name?  
We know, for absolute certain, that we cannot trust the EU and that they want to see us suffer post Brexit. So why are we trying to be so nice to them? @theresa_may Great piece by Gisela: 
#theortonfamily Derek and Neville having a chat about #brexit  
Hapless Mundell: "I don't believe that it's inevitable that there will be an economic downside to Brexit" 
The Shadow Foreign Secretary Emily Thornberry tells LBC, Labour would be prepared to give up the right to strike independent trade deals after Brexit in return for access to a new customs union with the EU. 
Millions of us are fighting Brexit, (you), alongside many organisations but we can only succeed if we work together. One person or organisation is not more worthy than another. If any of these campaigns is successful in their aims, the chance to #StopBrexit increases. 
Another example of @theresa_may ‘s weak leadership and lack of clarity in relation to #Brexit damaging the UK economy.  She must restore some sort of seasonal workers scheme or face a labour crisis in the agricultural industry.  
I've got some fucks getting close to their use by date. So, here goes... Fuck Brexit, fuck the Quitterati, fuck the Quitterazzi, fuck the xenophobes, fuck the fascists, fuck the racists, fuck the numpties who want to dispense with the GFA, fuck the fuckers fucking with my country 
What an utter shambles . Not one single benefit , just loss of money rights and privileges. #StopBrexit #WeNeedTheGFA UK driving licences may no longer be recognised in Europe after Brexit, EU suggests - The Telegraph  
Some academic conclusions that show unilateral free trade  is far from a Brexit panacea  
As Mueller’s forensic investigation progresses it will not tenable for long for UK Govt to continue pretending there was no Kremlin meddling in #BrexitShambles Referendum  
My day went well. I found Chequers, hid in a plant pot, eavesdropped on the UK cabinet, nearly got peed on by @bbclaurak’s dog, heard the secrets of the Brexit negotiations, and avoided being nabbed by the (Reserve) SAS. Thread   
Sorry Brextremists. May can’t ditch Good Friday Agreement to suit your tantrums. It’s a treaty between UK & Ireland, ratified by a referendum. So it’s the will of the people...can’t mess with that...unless you had a 2nd ref...but you don’t like 2nd refs. Bummer eh? #FinalSay 
Emily Thornberry reveals Labour will seek to replicate current customs union - and give up the ability to strike independent trade deals after Brexit. Big move. 
Sure, if they're willing to compromise their stances on Brexit, freedom of movement and supporting immigration, various economic plans, proportional representation and Trident, but I'm sure those aren't important, right  
NEW: Boris Johnson accused of misleading parliament after he claimed Hard Brexit pals' party in the Foreign Office had "no cost to the public purse" - despite personally waiving a £6,000 fee 
Emily Thornberry drops huge hint that Jeremy Corbyn will back membership of the customs union in his Brexit speech on Monday. Says it means Britain "would take advantage of being in a partnership with the European Union in order to negotiate, for example, with China". 
Why is the biased BBC not covering emerging plans for a European state at the top of the news? Why are viewers not told this is where the EU is going and instead just fed scares about Brexit from Remain HQ?  
Under the cover of #Brexit, our Government is planning to strip the British public of protections. Our hard-won human rights are under threat.  
Brussels torpedo's May's #Brexit plans as it reiterates how a third country will be dealt with. How is it the PM and her Cabinet are funding it so difficult to understand what's been explained to them umpteen times. Are they really that thick? 
Brexit is the sort of thing some men threaten to do after they've had six pints, but then wake up the next day and feel rather embarrassed about it. What's sad about our situation is that, almost two years on, we're still committed to carrying out that bonkers threat. 
Brexit: Mass Migration Continuing at Slower Pace Post-Referendum – Allowing Wages to Rise  
But Anna there is no hard or soft #Brexit only Leave and your constituents voted Leave, call me old fashioned but I believe in democracy.  
The only way to send a message to both @theresa_may & @jeremycorbyn about the dangers of a Hard Brexit is at the ballot box. So when it comes to the local elections, #VoteRemainInMay#StopBrexit 
Brexit fan wants to ground all UK/EU flights to avoid the "evil" ECJAlso temporary grounding of flights to many non-EU countries a "price worth paying"(*Not* a parody - I checked her FB account)  
Brexit surely has absolutely no known, proven, evidenced, genuine, benefits for the UK. It simply can't have any of the above for all of the reasons that are now becoming clearer and very well-rehearsed.  
Mundell's facial expression at the start of this video tells you everything you need to know about the Brexit analysis papers that he claimed didn't exist.  
Brexit is developing like an orthodox religion, where a schism in the brexit church has now created two belief fractions, the Left Brexit and the Right Brexit. Like any two religions that resemble each other closely, they are mortal enemies, but each has its own inquisition. 
Leading Brexiteer Jacob Rees-Mogg has hit out at the government’s leaked Brexit document that puts forward an indefinite time period, insisting that it would amount to a “perversion of democracy” and “would let down millions”.#Brexit#MoggMentum 
The Brexit Taliban haven’t even managed to do racism right. Net EU Migration fell to 90,000. Net migration from non EU countries rose to 205,000. #FBPE 
Downing Street raised concerns about Boris Johnson hosting a hard-Brexit think tank's event in the Foreign Office and we've got the documents to prove it  
UK driving licences may no longer be recognised in Europe after Brexit, EU suggests. We suggest that may equally apply to EU driving licenses in the UK after Brexit.   
Watch Renew in Mansfield: East Mid's most pro-Brexit area. We listened & found issues like wages, healthcare, housing & immigration. Also distrust in Westminster & need for political change. These issues won't be fixed post-Brexit. That's why we must #RenewBritain instead @bbcemt 
WATCH: "I don't believe that it's inevitable that there will be an economic downside to Brexit" says Scottish Secretary @DavidMundellDCT. @smitharrytv asks him about those Brexit analysis papers that he said didn't exist.  
Blighty has always punched above its weight in the worlds of science & innovation and we need to do all we can to ensure this spirit of ingenuity continues to thrive post-Brexit - comments from my speech to @CommonsSTC today. #BrexitScienceSummit 
Corbyn ally and trade union leader Manuel Cortes tells @georgeeaton "Jeremy could change his mind" on Brexit as "he listens to people" and "studies the facts"  
Brexit is a great opportunity to diverge from restrictive EU policies:  
FURY at Fishermen BETRAYAL"I think our politicians will somehow trade us away for some deal in the sea.They will say, Dutch can have 25% of the fish!I think there'll be backhanded deals behind closed doors that will completely betray us"#Brexit #EU 
Brexit is a growing disaster area. There is no way that the legislation will get through the UK Parliament in time. The Lords dealt with part of Clause 1 of the first of many Bills on Wednesday & ran out of time. Pull the plug now before we get more grief  
Just back from the viewing the UK Government's so-called Brexit analysis, in absurdly secretive conditions. We're not supposed to say what was in it, but they never asked us to keep quiet about what was missing. 1/2 
Switzerland, the world #19 economy, wants a free trade agreement with the UK post-Brexit. It already has one with China. UK exports of goods and services to Switzerland have doubled over the past decade and are now running at £21bn a year. There are 8.6 million Swiss consumers. 
Theresa May must not succumb to the 'imaginary problems' that Ireland constitutes an impassable obstacle to a genuine Brexit or that an endless transition leading to a 'Brexit in name only' is a solution, warns @Jacob_Rees_Mogg 
We're calling for the #European Research Area to be strengthed to increase scientific collaboration across member states & associated countries. Read our report   #Brexit  
Clearly these parties have a warm relationship The amazing thing for us all is they could together, easily, stop hard Brexit by voting to remain in Single Market. The power to show commitment to GFA & avert disaster is literally, stroke of a pen stuff, available to them today  
Lord Flight - "We’ve had a referendum, we all know what the result was. Why does Adonis think he’s God? Crackpot." #Brexit  
Source: Appeaser Theresa to Surrender to the EU on Free Movement During Post-Brexit ‘Transition’  
Today I read the UK Government's #Brexit analysis papers. I'm not permitted to share the contents. What I can say is that the atmosphere in the room was like that of a wake, as we await Brexit obsessed Tories burying prosperity and the prospects of generations to come.  
Let us ponder the 6% of people who think the Daily Mail is anti-Brexit.  
Yesterday @bbcnickrobinson made a disturbing mistake, while interviewing Jean-Claude Trichet about #Brexit and financial services for the Today Program (@BBCR4Today)The mistake boils down to broadcasting demonstrably false information, I assume @BBCNews will want to rectify.1/9 
#Brexit is likely to have many catastrophic impacts, but one issue that cannot continue to be ignored is the Irish border.  
The #Brexit hero and our next #PM? #JacobReesMogg says there's been a "perversion of #democracy". We could not agree more! #MayMustGo #MayOut2018  #BBC #LBC #SKY #UK @Conservatives #Conservatives @ConHome @theresa_may #ConservativeParty @Jacob_Rees_Mogg #EU 
Your Brexit choices#FBPE 
INTERVIEW: Sinn Féin's Mary Lou McDonald: Theresa May needs to be more decisive and to lead ;Why we won't be taking our MPs seats and why Hoey, Paterson and Hannan won't be allowed "trash" the Good Friday agreement for Brexit  
#JacobReesMogg: Remaining shackled to the #CustomsUnion for any length of time after #Brexit is perverting #democracy but to not even be able to sign post-dated #tradedeals during any #transitionperiod is on another level! #BBC #LBC #SKY #UK @Conservatives #Conservatives @ConHome 
Brexit Cabinet Sub-committee Away Day at Chequers. #CheqsitTeam building... 
The fact that the UK cabinet can spend entire days debating its preferred Brexit choices while completely ignoring what is actually negotiable with the EU never ceases to amaze  
Brexit isn’t working...  
UK driving licences may no longer be recognised in Europe after Brexit, EU suggests 
As depressing as the whole situation is, the #OFOCinHull trip is giving me hope that some of these divides can be mended. I just hugged a Brexit voter who still remains eurosceptic, but is really worried about what Brexit will do to the country. 
European Commission warns Theresa May that her strategy for a Brexit trade deal is unacceptable  
What is really upsetting about every twist of the Brexit debacle so far is that it has all been so predictable and indeed predicted. Of course the EU points out you're either in or out. Of course if we're out of customs union there's a border in Ireland. 
In general, the NRA's default message is that guns are also a referendum on every other cultural issue on the right. If you don't want to give an inch on those, don't give an inch on guns either, even if it's not the issue you care about first. 
‘Labour will not argue for staying in the Single Market’ says John McDonnell.Effectively makes Labour a hard Brexit party. So in the May local elections, remember this and #VoteRemainInMay 
UK immigration latest: EU net migration falls over past year as #Brexit uncertainty continues.Statistics show 130,000 EU citizens left UK in a year - the highest level in a decade. 
A GLOBAL report has hailed Britain’s trading opportunities after Brexit revealing international consumers are willing to pay up to 22 percent more for goods which highlight they are from Britain.   
At Chequers, there is a moment of panic at the Cabinet Away Day as everyone suddenly remembers Boris Johnson's #Brexit speech is next up  
We just got hold of internal Foreign Office emails showing Boris Johnson and his special advisor helped organise the launch of a hard-Brexit think tank. Download the documents here:  
NEW | Downing Street raised concerns about Boris Johnson hosting hard-Brexit think tank event  
It is now time for #Tory #MPs to have a backbone & go to the #1922Committee  to git rid of @theresa_may for the sake of #Brexit & the @Conservatives! If not the backlash in the polling booth will be brutal against the #ConservativeParty! #MayMustGo #MoggMentum #BBC #SKY #LBC #UK 
In Cardiff @Amelia_Womack @gerainttalfan and @joe_boyle talk about the cost of Brexit for Wales #isitworthit #brexitfactsbus 
Scotland's Brexit Minister, @Feorlean, comments on latest talks with the UK government: "Clock ticking on Scotland's future." #Brexit  
A government that would tear up the GFA if it delivered it's hard Brexit, but you'd somehow expect them to honour devolution...Aye right 
Real Cost of Brexit #2We haven't even left yet, but the prospect of a #ToryHardBrexit is crippling wage growth and prices are still going up. #IsItWorthIt? Do you trust this #BasketcaseBrexit which will benefit the few, not the many? @UKLabour @BootstrapCook @CarolineLucas #FBPE 
EU workers are leaving the UK 'in record numbers' thanks to #brexit abuse.Includes: Nurses, doctors, research scientists, teachers, carers, baristas, agricultural workers & families 'forced out' by Home Office 'mistakes'.Utterly DISGUSTING! #stopbrexit #fbpe #iameuropean #waton 
FFS people, this still isn't at 100K yet. What are you at??Yes I know MPs should just do their frigging job and cancel brexit but we need this for when they inevitably let us down. Get it bloody signed!  
Brexit bill will 'substantially reduce human rights in UK', @amnesty International report warns ‘The Government is planning to strip the British public of protections, and people don’t even know their hard-won rights are under threat’ 
Brexiters pointing to Japanese companies continuing their operations in the UK forget to point out that their operations are reliant on access to the European market. This should be a wake-up call to the gvt. as a hard Brexit would significantly reduce our access opportunities. 
Sir David Warren, the former British ambassador to Tokyo, has said that Japan sees Brexit as an act of economic and political ‘self-harm’, which could have grave consequences for relations with Japan and which will weaken the UK as a world power.  
I’ve just been behind this door to read the UK Gov’s secret assessment of Brexit on the economy. I’m not allowed to tell you what I’ve learnt, but i can tell you that I’m off to lie down in a very dark room.I may be sometime.   
“Germany’s top priority is to ensure that Brexit does not weaken the EU, and that means the UK must not be allowed any kind of special arrangements that could undermine the European institutions”. (Charles Grant)Something I have been saying for over a year.  
Government to announce major #Brexit breakthrough in 7 days’ time - on 29 February. 
It is apparently a red kite, which is circling the Brexit War Cabinet, which incredibly, owes its population recover to ..... the EU Birds directive.  
Amnesty International has warned that the government is selling off the human rights of British citizens in return for post-Brexit trade deals. The organisation say they fear the British public “don’t even know that their hard-won rights are under threat”.  
Media scrum outside the #CabinetOffice in #Whitehall after this morning’s Joint Ministerial Committee. At meeting told  @GovUK precisely why least damaging outcome of #Brexit (apart from staying in #EU) is continuing Single Market & Customs Union membership 
Our political correspondent @Laurabundock spots a bird of prey circling Chequers as Brexit War Cabinet arrives to decide their Brexit plan  
Today’s Chequers gathering on #Brexit seems set to agree some form of “managed divergence” aka cherry picking. Wonder whether there will be an assessment of how likely it is the EU will even consider this undermining of integrity of Single Market? 
Mogg: "we want what our Irish friends have had for a century"Okay so Brexit shall initially be:-UK becomes EU "Free State"-EU Army can use UK ports -Scotland becomes EU propertyAccept or there'll be an immediate and terrible war 
Anti-choicers using the Red C ball of smoke to question #8Committee recommendations and #repealthe8th referendum are - unsurprisingly - following the Trump playbook. Fire up the base while simultaneously undermining faith in the democratic process. Let the people decide in May. 
Post-Brexit Britain will be more Love Actually than Mad Max, claims Andrea Leadsom  
Today I challenged Ministers over the future of our air quality standards after Brexit - do they want tougher air quality laws, regulatory alignment, or will they give into the hard Brexiteers and water them down?  
Brexit transition agreement drafted by the UK confirms Britain will remain in the EU in a forever-transition, says Jacob Rees-Mogg. #Brexit #BriNO 
BREAKING !The *fly on the wall* reports back #ChequersOver pre-lunch canapes - Theresa announced :"Look Guys - this #Brexit malarkey is going nowhere - we don't know what we're doing - so lets call the whole thing off !!"Johnson & Baker & Gove go into meltdown#FakeNews 
Why on earth would EU fall flat on its face? German car manufacturers will simply target other export markets where their first rate products are in demand. And BTW the only volume car producers in UK are foreign-owned and new plants will be built in EU27 countries post-brexit. 
She spent it on the DUPWith true contempt for democracyand the people she vexed with her rich boys' Brexit 
WATCH: Bundestag speech SCOLDING Merkel @Alice_Weidel, the leader of the German AfD party, delivered a scathing attack on Angela Merkel during a morning session of the Bundestag after the Chancellor threatened to punish Britain over Brexit.  
Today’s migration figures serve only to reaffirm the need for Brexit but also for a brand new immigration policy which works to reduce Non-EU as well as EU migration. 
WATCH | A timely reminder that campaigners on both sides of the EU referendum debate were clear, a vote to leave was a vote to leave the Single Market. Out is out - so let's get on with it! #ThrowbackThursday #ThursdayThoughts #TBT 
The Brexit economy: things are starting to deteriorate  
‘Despite Brexit’ the most evil, pernicious and lying financial organisation of the campaign to keep Britain in the EU  — the EU-federalist Deutsche Bank — acknowledges the UK’s global lead in financial services.So much for all those fake news financial warnings it issued.  
The only way to beat the kamikaze Brexiters? Fight for no #BrexitHard-right Tories have met every attempt to soften the blow of leaving the EU with a more extreme stance. Their to-do list simply reads: destroy everything#StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON 
A very thought provoking article on Brexit transitional arrangements and the Northern Ireland border by @Jacob_Rees_Mogg. And if you're going to criticise it, at least have the politeness to read it first! 
If we do not fight, #Brexit will happen. The UK will be ruined & innocent citizens will be stripped of rights they were born with. Please join the #Remainer community & speak out for a better future for our children & grandchildren - within the EU!#FBPE #StopBrexit #WATON 
#Brexit has made us the laughing stock of the world and no one on the Leave side can evidence anything positive. The greatest act of self harm in our history aided and abetted by ignorance and lies.   via @financialtimes 
That sound you hear is the can being kicked down the road. Divisions on Europe has taken down the last 3 Tory PM's and the ERG will do the same. She can't keep on delaying these votes she needs to face down the hard Brexit fantasists on her backbenches for the good of our country  
Sign the petition. Stop water privatisation and let's win our referendum. Please Retweet  #OurWater #Right2Water 
Have a look who I bumped into during my lunch break!! I know how much @jeremycorbyn likes to recieve letters. I wrote one to him highlighting how #Brexit and Austerity is killing our NHS!! #NHSCrisis #isitworthit #BrexitFactsBus 
The first, the basic, the essential rule of successful negotiation is to know what you want to achieve This miserable Tory govt still does not know. It is still squabbling among itself on what it wants in Brexit negotiations The national interest subordinated to the Tory one 
First Minister stopped by PO from answering a question on Scottish cons MPs support for a hard Brexit! I Am unaware of any rules that state the PO was with in his rights to do so!  More alarming however i have not seen it i am told Lab Msps applauded #REDTORYS 
Wow... Unbelievable... #FMQs#Brexit #ohdear 
Nobody gave ‘informed consent’ for #Brexit. That’s because in the #EUReferendum, the electorate was not sufficiently informed. That’s why there needs to be another vote on Brexit, so that Britain can now give its informed response. See all our posters at  
When will clueless luvvies realise that we don't care about their very stupid anti-Brexit opinions? Lay off the sauce and stick to the music!  
Just visited @wellcomegenome campus. World leading #Bioinformatics at risk in the UK. #Brexit deterring science recruitment. #ScienceIsGlobal. 
So, the First Minister is not allowed to answer a question on hard Brexit? Why is that?.@KenMacintoshMSP, you got that one totally wrong. 
.@Conservatives had my vote to deliver #Brexit. I did not trust @theresa_may but hoped she understood sovereignty and immigration concerns. She does but ignores them. Utter contempt for democracy. I am out of patience now. It's time for Tories to act and get @theresa_may out now 
Which news outlets are the most pro- and anti-Brexit? The Daily Mail (40%) and The Sun (37%) are seen as the most pro-Brexit, while The Guardian (33%) and BBC News (27%) are seen as the most anti-Brexit  
I’m always curious why this question isn’t asked more often:If Brexit and leaving the EU is so great, why is no other EU country doing it? 
At #FMQ today the Presiding Officer  refused to allow the FM to answer a question about #Brexit  because it mentioned Tory Unionists MP’s  that are hell bent on a Hard Brexit It was a fair Question and deserved an Answer Has joined the WM Speaker in blocking SNP!  
I hope so too. Nobody has more effectively applied pressure on the Prime Minister to deliver the proper Brexit we voted for than you, Jacob, for which us Leave supporters are eternally grateful.  
Brexit is most certainly and issue for the FM @NicolaSturgeon I asked how could ANY Scottish MP justify support of the hardest of hard brexits? I think the FM should have been allowed to answer the question. 
.@NicolaSturgeon says UK government appears willing to "ride roughshod" over the Good Friday Agreement and calls for protection for Holyrood powers during the #Brexit processFollow LIVE   #FMQs 
I hope the meeting at Chequers will reassert the Government’s commitment to a clean Brexit  
#Cabinet latest attempt to settle its divisions on #brexit today at #Chequers What’s most likely: 
In the Commons, the SNP's @PeteWishart says Brexit is less Mad Max and more like The Matrix: "We have a bunch of clueless fantasists living in an alternative world believing they can impose their version of reality on everyone else. It couldn't be more apt" 
I know this halo business is as divisive – and dull – a topic as Brexit and Trump, but now that I've seen it on various 2018 cars I can't help but think it's... still abominably awful. 
Scotland in Union's man in the Presiding Officer Chair tells the FM she can't answer a question on the Scottish Tory MPs who are for a hard Brexit.#FMQs 
While Tory MPs ask questions about the Scottish Government all the time at #pmqs , a question about Tory MPs behaviour about #brexit is over-ruled and FM not allowed to answer.   #fmqs 
Brexit Minister Robin Walker has told the European Scrutiny Committee the UK wants to Leave the Common Fisheries Policy in March 2019. 
not saying the British public don't understand the details of Brexit but apparently some people struggled with McMafia 
Today @FPALondon Ireland will not be the collateral damage of Brexit, Nor People's rights the collateral damage of DUP failure to lead.  
#Brexit already hitting wages and will do so even more if we continue down #BrexitShambles road says Bank of England’s Governor Mark Carney 
At #FMQ today Tory Rouble Ruth Davidson played safe by staying away from any questions that might lead to her being reminded of her party members defying  her stand on #brexit  by ignoring her leadership  
David Davis is confused about why people don't trust Tory Brexiteers with their rights at work after Brexit. Under Major he lead the charge against the Working Time Directive and Social Chapter. #LeaveWatch 
Gotta love the BBC headline on this story - especially when the article quotes the statistics showing almost twice as many EU nationals came to live in Britain post-Brexit than have left. #despiteBrexit 
The brexit Ultras have worked out that the Good Friday Agreement scuppers their plans for a hard brexit. We must all work together to protect peace.  
A lot of the Brexit rhetoric has caused collateral damage which is hurting UK science, innovation, tech, unis, etc.If you don't want Brexit to damage these - you have to fix the bad rhetoric that drives the damage (on immigration, ECJ, "dictator", "not a penny", "red tape").  
Rare honesty. Labour admit they have no firm Brexit policy.  
This is your scheduled reminder of what the Tory hard brexit folks implicitly want to take us back to:  
The #BrexitFactsBus will reach the parts of Britain which we in our Remain bubble cannot reach, and which politicians and media refuse to reach. Instead they perpetuate the #BrexitLies, including the *will of the people* lie and the Lie on the Brexit bus. #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
'Fuck off!' Hartley-Brewer EXPLODES in rant over Brussels' Brexit bill demands  pic.twitter.com/TmN6rVpiXp 
Brexit is 400 days away. #brexit 
Rees-Mogg Slams Indefinite Brexit ‘Trasition’ Period as a ‘Perversion of Democracy’  
Difficult choices when filming for #bbctw Catch @georgegalloway film on Labour's foreign policy and Brexit Thu 11.45pm @BBCOne 
Seriously alarming figures at #BrexitScienceSummit from @ucl on the collapse of applications from EU nationals to science research positions post #Brexit. The #cliffedge risk for UK science isn’t next March. It’s happening NOW. We urgently need to make a commitment to EU talent: 
.@Jacob_Rees_Mogg: Brexit transition strategy document is a perversion of democracy  
The *author* of the "Alternative Brexit Economic Analysis" endorses the report's "aim and conclusions". But, very sensibly, not its methodology or factual accuracy...  ;-)  
Being anti-Brexit isn’t an issue of left v right.It’s about what’s right for the country.Brilliant interview with @Manuel_TSSA outlining why the cause of solidarity with Europe should go hand-in-hand with being in the EU 
Phil has nipped off to Chequers today to discuss all things #Brexit I waved him off from the window at HM Treasury.  
here are just some of the great job opportunities available after Brexit  
According to @publico_es a high ranking Guardia Civil officer, who investigates the Catalan referendum #1october, spends his time attacking politicians, journalists and Catalan police officers from a Twitter fake account. Ridiculous and very unprofessional! 
When brexit is finally done and dusted Britain should look to the future in all things. Immigration must be brought under very tight control, Islam and its ambitions in the UK made clear, political correction ended, discrimination against the majority of people ended, NHS sorted. 
Before the referendum one of your "quaint eccentric eurosceptics" murdered MP Jo Cox, while shouting "Britain First, Death to Traitors"Most of us have known EXACTLY what you are for quite some time.  
Our Chair @ChukaUmunna and patron @thomasbrake speak at the launch of the @isitworthitbus in Westminster yesterday. The people deserve the final say on Brexit.  
All the Brits wanting to hire a car whilst on holiday in the EU will, after Brexit, need to remember to get their IDP (International Driving Permit) sorted out as well as their visa *shakes head sadly  
Since the referendum I've been embarrassed to be British. But for the last week or so, with politicians coming out against the GFA, I've been ashamed. 
THREAD. Confirmation from @CharlesTannock and @jonlis1 that UK cancer treatment WILL be disrupted by brexit unless a fix is found. Did anyone vote Leave for this?  
Shocking. A good reason, among many, why the prospect of a post-Brexit 'America First' trade deal with the US should frighten animal advocates  
Panic on the streets of Grenoble Panic on the streets of Marseilles I wonder to myself Could life ever be sane again?French Regions start to worry about the EU budget post Brexit  
Brexit in the form that it was sold is proving undeliverable. The British people should be given a vote on the final Brexit deal. @isitworthitbus 
Hope my university town is giving a warm welcome to the #Brexit #BusOfTruth! @UniofBath @bathnes @Wera_Hobhouse#isitworthitbus #isitworthit 
“Surveys suggest that Brexit-related trade uncertainty is prompting many managers to freeze investments.”  
Over 100 foreign doctors have had their visa applications rejected in the past month despite their planned roles being vacant. Can the #NHS survive the xenophobia of #Brexit Britain? 
Net EU migration basically nearly halved since Brexit, but shouldn’t presume all directly “because of it”. Indirectly - ie impact of sterling slump. Also surging European economy too.Q - How much political/negotiating capital to deal with an issue that is dealing with itself?  
Brigden is one of the signatories of the famous Tory backbencher letter, which is full of mistakes about how Brexit and the WTO would work.Those mistakes are pretty significant since the group believes the UK should rely on the WTO.  
Nothing is in as much of a hurry as a dead fish on the back of a lorry! Scotland like Norway exports most of its fish to the #EU that’s why like Norway, Scotland needs to be in the single market #Brexit  
Turns out the Tory candidate in Selkirkshire today is not only a supporter of the Rape Clause and other Tory horror policies that harm communitiesHe's a mad keen on Brexit 
Dave Brown on Jacob Rees Mogg, Theresa May and Brexit - Political Cartoon Gallery in Putney  
This is what the Cabinet should decide on #Brexit.Out of Single Mkt & EU Customs UnionOut of ECJNo more EU laws and regulations.No more open door EU immigration.All our fishing grounds backNo transition periodNo divorce feesFree trade dealOur share of EU assets returned. 
Who knows what's actually going on with the Brexit negotiations, I reckon it's an already done deal and we have been sold down the river by May  and her cronies- we are a country of lions being led by a group of donkeys! 
Economists predict Brexit will lead to a 4% boost to growth! The report will be presented to Cabinet ministers today and should hammer home the point that LEAVING the Single Market and Customs Union will be an excellent move for our country. 
What a difference a referendum makes. From the FASTEST growing economy in 2015, Britain is now the SLOWEST growing economy in the G7.It's clear: Brexit is already damaging the economy.  
We just had to pay £1,282 for my wife to find out “within 6 months” if she can become a citizen. Something that we wouldn’t have had to do but for Brexit.BTW, no refund if rejected.One thousand two hundred and eighty two pounds. “MOST people get a decision within SIX MONTHS!”  
Brexiteers 'irresponsible' for calls to reappraise Good Friday Agreement to ease Brexit, Irish deputy PM says   
610 days since the referendum on leaving the EU;590 days since Theresa May became PM;331 days since the UK notified the EU under Article 50 that it is leaving;329 days since the EU published its plan for #Brexit;Today the UK gov't will try to thrash out what its aims are. 
Brexit victory! 'UK WILL leave EU by 2020' DESTROYING Remain hopes for 'no end transition'  
#BreakingNews: The European Commission says PM Theresa May's "3 basket approach" to brexit is "not compatible" with guidelines agreed by the other 27 Union member states#StopBrexit #FBPE @faisalislam 
Our hard-won rights are under threat. You don’t have to be pro- or anti-Brexit to see that without reform the #EUWithdrawalBill is set to substantially reduce rights in the UK.  
NHS employers have been forced to turn away hundreds of desperately-needed doctors since Brexit due to insane visa rules.  
Worst part about this is the Brexit ultras will be cheering it as progress. Our economy, employment and global standing may beg to differ.  
So *actually proposing the text of a treaty on post-Brexit security cooperation* is "doing my best to obstruct"?! Can you find any modern trade deal "done in an afternoon"? And I'm not a "bureaucrat".All you have is ad hominem, false statements and delusional thinking.  
As Tories bicker, the choice is clear. Hard Brexit would be disastrous. And soft Brexit would mimic the status quo - except that we would have zero influence on EU, and carmakers and other job providers would flee long before the deal was done 
UK economy from the top of the G7 to the the bottom of the G7 in the space of just 18 months after the referendum. With stats like this, everybody has the right to reconsider if #brexit is the right path for the country @Open_Britain 
Live pictures of Theresa May negotiating a position on Brexit with her war cabinet.  
I was delighted to speak on @abcnews about why we need to #repealthe8th - huge international interest in the upcoming referendum  
Mexico wants a free trade agreement with the UK post-Brexit. It already has one with Japan. One of only 16 countries with a trillion dollar economy, set to grow 2.3% in 2018. UK exports to Mexico are running at $2.5bn a year at present. There are 132 million consumers in Mexico. 
Your daily reminder that a "soft" Brexit means remaining in the single market, accepting freedom of movement for EU workers, accepting jurisdiction of the ECJ, and abiding by the laws of the EU without having any say on them. If we do all that, why not just Remain ?#FBPE 
How to make a Brexit coup#FBPE 
If Unilever, born in Warrington, Bolton and later Port Sunlight on the Wirral, plus Manchester and then London leaves these shores Brexit Britain must hang its head in utter shame. What have they done to this great, global, noble, liberal, compassionate country?  
Staggering statistic in this v interesting @alexmassie piece - 90% of Tory Leave voters view the Northern Irish peace process as an "acceptable piece of collateral damage" for a "clean Brexit" 
The ‚Brexit: Is It Worth It‘- Bus gets wide media attention: this is German Television  
Barry Sheerman - Trade envoys should get the same CBI briefing that MPs got this week as it shows brexit is a disaster for working men & women.... Liam Fox calls the CBI economic forecasting briefing on #brexit "highly suspect"#StopBrexit #FBPE @CBItweets 
After today's revisions. UK #GDP growth in the six quarters since the EU referendum has averaged 0.45% q/q, compared to 0.5% in the six quarters before. As ever we can argue abut the counterfactual, but claims that #Brexit has already caused a sharp slowdown are clearly nonsense. 
"Britain's economic growth is revised down for the final quarter of 2017"-@BrexitInvestor:"#Brexit has caused a major re-adjustment of the economy. Much uncertainty." @BloombergTVMaybe today at #Chequers, they can #think about that.#WorldThinkingDay 
#BREAKING Amnesty International includes the jailing of Catalan leaders and police violence on referendum day in its annual report on the state of human rights in the world  
Kenya wants a free trade agreement with the UK post-Brexit. It has the second largest economy in east Africa and UK exports to Kenya are running at more than half a billion a year. Among other goods, we import more cut flowers from Kenya than any other country apart from Holland. 
Brexit negotiators should reach an agreement that gives the UK some control over European research initiatives in exchange for financial contributions, the Wellcome Trust has recommended.#brexitsciencesummit 
"It's easier to fool people than to convince them that they have been fooled" - Mark Twain #Brexit  
Brexit won't have a significant impact on London as a financial hub, CEO Jes Staley says  
Hahaha, someone just handed us a load of stop #Brexit leaflets while crossing the picket line. #FBPE #WATON #scabs4remain 
Frank is a Leaver. He's one of the few people left in Britain who still believes Brexit isn't harmful. Frank suffers from cognitive dissonance. Don't be like Frank.#FBPE 
So, Tory voters, your  top 3 Tory policies that made you vote for them in GE17 & keep em on 42%? Er, well...1 Brexit2 Brexit3 BrexitSo, Remainers, your top 3 ideas to stop Tory Hard Brexit?1 Attack Labour re Brexit2 Attack Labour re Brexit     3 Attack Labour re Brexit 
Anti Brexit bus in Bath. @isitworthitbus. No it's not! @BathforEurope 
Not-the-Brexit-bus arrives in Bath @BathforEurope 
Brexit transition strategy document is a perversion of democracy 
Finally, shall I mention again that hard Brexit dude Patrick Minford - according to his own website - has no recent publication record on trade policy?Yes. Yes I will.   
A Marxist case against Brexit: my interview with trade union leader and Corbyn ally Manuel Cortes on what Labour needs to do.  
Even the slim chance of a return to The Troubles should consign Brexit to the dustbin of history. To abandon the #GFA would be the most shameful political act of modern times. 
Brexit Blockers or British Champions? Renew will find out what's really behind Britons' grievances ”Brexit referendum was a wake-up call- we're a nation divided, with deep discontent at inequality...Leaving EU will only make things worse"  
Throughout #Brexit negotiations, @Theresa_May continually puts @Conservatives party politics above the national interest. The patience of businesses is wearing thin and she must show some clarity and make some decisions rather than be paralysed by her party’s divides. 
24/ Meanwhile some of the EU27 are building an island that looks to the future. That is quite some Brexit trolling  
Deutsche Bank has started process of moving booking of its clients' business from London to Frankfurt; Unilever seems set to unify its HQ in Amsterdam.Brexit makes clear that UK cannot take back control of corporate decisions: big European companies are voting with their feet 
Sadiq Khan demands meeting with PM about soaring knife crime. Hopefully to tender his resignation for his total failure in his job. He should have spent his time fighting knife crime, not Brexit.  
Tory Brexit... not a post-apocalyptic wasteland apparentlyBetter get the shotguns, leather and hair gel ready, just in case though#MadMaxBrexit #ToryHardBrexit 
Today we launch our recommendations for how we can build a strong future for #EU  and UK  science post #Brexit.  Read the report here:  #TogetherScienceCan 
Staying in the customs union is clearly better than not staying in it but also makes Brexit utterly pointless. Out of SM but unable to sign trade deals. If you are going to back CU you might as well back Remain 
A divisive abortion referendum in Ireland is likely to take place at the end of May, over an amendment which recognises the life of an unborn child as equal to that of the mother. Irish senator @ivanabacik says impact on women is immense. 
I noticed @Stormzy1 and the other virtue signalling celebs were attacking @theresa_may over #GrenfellTower and #Brexit but remained silent over the #oxfamscandal and mr #GropeNotHope #BrendanCox #LeftWingHypocrisy 
‘There can be no hard Brexit without a hard border in Ireland, and the choice you make on this defines you.’@martinkettle not pulling any punches here. The world knows we’re making a catastrophic error 
It is only because this Government - and this Opposition - has gone collectively mad that they're getting away with Brexit. If one person alone had championed it, he or she would now be in care. 
What is the point of leaving the EU if you risk staying in transition period indefinitely. I really hope it’s not true. You either leave, or you stay. Being in permanent limbo won’t be beneficial to anyone -whether Leavers or Remainers. #Brexit 
On strike today & tomorrow because of unjust and unfair proposals to cut our pensions. This on top of long hours, uncompetitive wages, falls in real-term pay & Brexit. If it wasn't for great colleagues & my PhD students, i'd seriously consider leaving academia #ucustrike 
apparently Corbyn's speech on Monday will call for a "jobs-first Brexit" and I'm giving you this inside dope for free, amazingly 
What is the point in the cabinet convening at Chequers to determine government policy on #Brexit when it is already being dictated by the Tory Economic Ruin Group. There’s no need to cease UK participation in the Single Market & Customs Union but they demand it so the PM consents 
Unacceptable - Gov’t transition strategy says: 1) it wants EU to discuss extending transition period beyond Dec 2020 with only an “indicative” end date. 2) In a major climbdown May’s gov’t fails to demand end freedom of mov’t rights for EU citizens during transition. #Brexit 
Jo Cockburn, for the BBC, pushing the fact that the majority of academics supports Remain whilst forgetting to point out that the majority of voters support Brexit.  
."European researchers are turning away from the UK in response to Brexit and are instead seeking stronger links with Germany.". 
While there has been some #Brexit scaremongering over the tick up in UK unemployment, most of the media have overlooked the slowdowns in both France and Germany  
"There is nothing that was said in the referendum that obliges this house, or Parliament in general, to do something which is deeply prejudicial to our national interests." - Viscount Hailsham on #Brexit. At least they're talking sense in the HOL. 
Orwell, they’re here. Spain’s Guardia Civil corporal in charge of the police forces in Catalonia during the referendum says, literally, “There were no police charges. There was police action to fulfill a judge’s order.” War is peace. 2+2=5.  
The Cabinet arrives at Chequers this morning #Cabinet #Brexit  
It’s Thursday.And the world shakes its head in disbelief as our PM claims in Parliament that #Brexit enables us to choose the colour of our passports.#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
“It’s only 400 days until Brexit, so I’ve called you here to Chequers to go over the minute details of brexit negotiations”......“Just kidding, let’s talk about the absolute fucking basics of what we even want to achieve.“ pic.twitter.com/rd8rlSSjCM 
As the Lords saved EUratom last night, hard brexit can't happen. One EU body saved, 700 more to go..... The bretremists already foiled. 
Many Remain-supporting MP’s who have kept quiet need to work out pretty quickly how they are going to explain to their voters why they went along with a disastrous Brexit they didn’t believe in, and “it’s what my leader and party wanted” won’t cut it. #FBPE 
Whatever you think of @jeremycorbyn, this Czech spy nonsense is a blatant attempt to distract from #Brexit chaos and general Tory incompetence/ malevolence.#Brexitshambles #StopBrexit #DavidDavis #Remain #Corbyn #CorbynSmear #CorbynTheSpy #FBPE #ABTV 
#Brexit Theresa Maybe having big Brexit meeting at Chequers. Hopeless PM  stop pussyfooting around, Stop  waving white flag to EU grow a backbone fight get good deal for . Get on with it, we’re leaving EU  FFS pic.twitter.com/ziPuzITPG5 
Someone has been going round telling leave voting MPs that the WTO Technical Barriers to Trade agreement means that no non-tariff barriers to trade with the EU will arise in a no-deal Brexit scenario.Stop it. 
Rebels force delay to customs votes. May be warned, we wants Full Brexit, nothing else will satisfy 17.4m! 
Its slowly dawning on the more reflective of #brexit folk that even in the unlikely event that brexit succeeds in its own terms -it will fail, its simply become too toxic. Brexit must be carried out - but can’t be. UK politics will not recover & no one knows what will replace it. 
Cabinet did not agree to Theresa May's strategy for Brexit transition period, senior ministers say 
‘Diane Abbott has always been wrong about immigration and she is completely out of touch with the majority of public opinion out there in the real world. Her London centric anti-Brexit views appear to be more warped than ever.’  
Jacob Rees-Mogg SLAMS secret Whitehall Brexit dossier for saying 'we must remain' in EU  
Trump and Brexit are evidence of the old axiom that if you vote for mad moronic stupid fucking things then mad moronic stupid fucking things will happen. 
Fear is not in his dictionary. But isn’t this one of those old white men that probably voted Brexit, thus ruining the lives of people like the woman he defended & will be dead soon anyway.   
Brexit will 'substantially reduce rights in the UK' Amnesty International warns  
The manner in which the UK is conducting the Brexit negotiations as “a shambles” according to the EU Brexit Team.  Theresa May claims they are heading only in 'One Direction' - but they have #NoDirection #r4today 
What exactly is the point of Brexit? After the latest round of ministerial speeches, it’s becoming even less clear. My latest   
Summary:1. The world - e.g. me, Our Polly, Our Adenoids, and quite a few others - is clear-eyed about Brexit.2. We know it must be reversed.3. So: why isn't it being reversed?4. Because everyone else has been brainwashed by the LIES on the side of a bus.5. That's all, folks!  
If you give a damn about human suffering, and you want our politicians to push for UN backed ceasefire in #Syria please tell your MP, particularly if you live in Uxbridge. Our Foreign Sec and PM can’t be allowed to ignore anything which is not #Brexit 
63% of business leaders support Brexit, knowing the freedom and prosperity it will bring to the UK!  
Can online social bots influence the real world? How? We use #NetworkScience & #MachineLearning to shed light on the underlying mechanisms, during #1Oct Catalan Referendum. @MassimoSt @jabawack 
How to stop Brexit  by Simon Kuper 
History will be the final judge of Brexit. Those who cowered behind the 'will of the people' will find their defence as pathetically weak as those who used 'I was only following orders'. Be on the right side of history, step up and do what is in the best interests of our country. 
Persil-PG Tips-Marmite giant Unilever shifting its HQ from London to Holland would leave Brexit Britain a poorly stocked corner shop in the world 
Ian Dunt: How Brexit is sabotaging a British success story.  
If you do one thing this weekend, let someone know that Brexit isn't inevitable and can be stopped or reversed at any anytime.Too many people think Brexit is a done deal and inevitable.#StopBrexit #StopBrexitSaveBritain #FBPE #BrexitReality #ExitFromBrexit #ExitBrexit 
Jacob Rees-Mogg SLAMS secret Whitehall Brexit dossier for saying 'we must remain' in EU  
Johnson “urged the Germans to turn Brexit into an economic opportunity”Oh, it is. For predatory investors and businesses wishing to take over UK companies and export markets. 
Deplorable performance by Lord Callanan, the Brexit minister, on EU Withdrawal Bill yesterday. Refused to reply to most of the debate, hadn’t a clue on most of the issues, & rude & aggressive when challenged. Sums up Brexit! 
Just listening back to PMQs. Can you imagine what a forensic and committed Labour leader could have done to Theresa May over Brexit yesterday? 
This is govt Minister Lord Callanan not enjoying being put through the wringer in Lords last night. He failed to answer many questions put to him by Peers from all sides in the Brexit Bill debate. Much more of this to come. They won't get away with this contempt for Parliament.  
The world is clear-eyed about Brexit, and knows it must be reversed | Martin Kettle  
So the Tories are meeting at Chequers today to ‘try to decide’ what the UK wants from Brexit - our economy, jobs, Ireland & Northern Ireland, aviation safety, food standards, citizens rights, in time manufacturing, environment.. 
Weatherill: Why state election will be referendum on renewables 
BREAKING: Corbyn to give big speech on Brexit on Monday, amid mounting pressure to back staying in customs union. More in Red Box email  
'The Brexit effect' - what once would have been considered parody has become the norm.  
#BorisJohnson found himself in hot water after reportedly telling German officials that #Brexit was a 'mess'  
What will Brexit mean for Britain's overseas territories?  
Not an @afneil fan but this was political interviewing at its brilliant best.Demolished Brexit Minister Steve Baker & exposed the #Tory lies aimed at Jeremy Corbyn.This squalid smear campaign is shameful & shows the depths this dishonest incompetent Government will sink to. 
The cover for this week's #ConservativeParty! @theresa_may's leadership of our country has been abysmal. She has caved in to #Brussels at every turn. It's time for her to go & make way for a #Brexit #PM who is prepared to stand up for #Britain! #MayMustGo #BBC #SKY #LBC @ConHome 
This is why we've set up Renew – the new political party that will stop Brexit  
Marco Rubio's strategy: Turn this into a referendum on both sides-ism in the hopes that no one brings up his coziness with the NRA and how that's impacted his vote.  
A hard-Brexit pressure group supported by Liam Fox accidentally published its secret plans to influence US-UK trade talks... then deleted them after we asked them about it. Don't worry though - we saved you a copy:  
I am #Tory #Voter, #Activist & #Member I think @theresa_may is a #Defeatist #Remainer who is utterly #Pathetic & she is LYING to the 17,410,742 people who voted for #Brexit, #TheresaMay MUST GO for the sake #Britain & the @Conservatives! #MayMustGo #FAKEBREXIT #BBC #SKY #LBC #UK 
I became popular in NJ when I was in high school. I spoke at board meetings, meet w/ state legislators, knocked on hundreds of doors campaigning 4 my schools bond referendum. I did it bc I cared!I didn’t lie, run my mouth on @CNN and try to exploit a tragedy like @davidhogg111 
Khan was actually telling FOREIGN EU NATIONALS LIVING HERE to "punish" Mrs May foer Brexit! Asking foreigners to punish aBrit is not on.1) Turning foreigners against British people is abhorrent.2) Don't tell foreigners to "punish" Mrs May, a Brit.3) Where are your loyalties?  
Dear Britain, why are you not more angry? Your future is being stolen by a few rich tax exiled billionaires. What's wrong with you all? Maybe you deserve what Brexit will bring?#FBPE 
The world is clear-eyed about Brexit, and knows it must be reversed | Martin Kettle  
The only way to beat the kamikaze Brexiters? Fight for no Brexit.Hard-right Tories have met every attempt to reduce the risks of Brexit with a more extreme stance.Their to-do list simply reads: destroy everything.- @zoesqwilliams#StopBrexit #FBPE 
The Tory Party, which we are meant to trust to lead us through Brexit (despite numerous lies by Brexiteers) is resorting to bare faced libels about @jeremycorbyn that they won't correct, despite ample chances to. This government is OVER 
Brexit: the wheels on the bus… about the only thing the vast politico-media collective has achieved in the 20 months since the referendum has been to turn the debate on the most important political event since the war into an utter shambles...  #Brexit.  
When political satire contains more truth about EU citizens in the UK than Theresa May's #PMQs.@MrNishKumar on EU citizens' #citizensrights, being #BargainingChip & Brexit referendum  
And so the erosion of our country continues as #Brexit corrodes every aspect of our lives...if you Mps don't have the guts to do it hand it back to the Ppl...give us a #FinalSay in 2018 with the option to #StopBrexit#WeAreEurope#WeAreTheOppositionNow#FBPE 
Lord Adonis these are the FACTS that should have been placed before the electorate BEFORE the referendum. For me the referendum was an advisory vote in principal. Now we are seeing the implications are being uncovered the country should be asked. Ok we're leaving this is the..... 
The Sun is lying that the bus is mocking Leavers. It's a lie intended to inflame divisions and provoke hatred.#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit  
Jacob Rees-Mogg: Brexit transition strategy document is a 'perversion of democracy'          
Then it's got to be a vote of no confidence by @Jacob_Rees_Mogg, she has got to be stopped otherwise we are never going to get #Brexit ever!  
Andrew Neil exposing Steve Baker, an MP completely out of his depth, promoted due to his position in a WhatsApp group and only capable of 'ratfucking' as observed a couple of weeks ago performing a farce in Parliament fellow clown with Rees-Mogg. 
This truly dreadful #British PM @theresa_may has shown complete Cowardice  with the enemies of #BRITAIN she is creating a #FakeBREXIT It is time the #ConservativeParty get rid of this Weak & PatheticPM! #MayMustGo #BBC #SKY #LBC @ConHome #UK @CCHQPress #ConservativeParty #BREXIT  
Raging Brexiteer tells Farage that if Brexit does not happen he WILL stop paying his taxes  
#TheresaMay is destroying #BREXIT brick by brick & leading #Britain into #EU limbo land! When are #Conservative #MPs going to grow a backbone & get rid of this #defeatist #REMAINER @theresa_may... #TedHeath mark2! #MayMustGo #BBC #SKY #LBC @ConHome @CCHQPress #ConservativeParty 
This is revealing on two levels:1) The continued UK perception that Merkel had the power unilaterally to rewrite the treaties to suit Cameron.2) The unstated implication that Brexit is a huge mistake.  
*The Anti-Brexit Bus Was Unvailed Today*  
See Farage, Banks, Wigmore, Kassam and Marion Maréchal-Le Pen are going to be busy in Washington over the next couple of days.....handy for the FBI they'll all be in one place!  
Brexit will knock 5% off wage growth, says Mark Carney  
The year is 2023 and British Prime Minister Jeremy Corbyn has just met with the Sinn Féin leadership congratulating them on a successful referendum on Irish Unity.  
"65% of Remain voters in London plan to vote Labour"? What fucking good will that do? Don't vote Brexit on 3 May.#fbpe #waton #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
‘This is a resonant moment. It is the moment when the Brexit fanatics appeared to be happy to take the risk of Irish people killing each other – and killing British people too – for the good of Brexit.’  
“Canadian friend said of Brexit: ‘This just has to be the stupidest decision that any democracy has ever taken.’ The accent made it specially eloquent and damning – ‘the stoopidest decision’.”  
Brexit, Scotland and independence - free event on Monday 7.30pm. Come along if you are in North Skye.@SkyeSaysYes 
English sparkling wine is OK. Some of it is even *quite* good. But it's overpriced and unsophisticated and will never be a match for the great vintage Champagnes. This is laughable crap from the desperate Brexit bullshitters. pic.twitter.com/M3izM70Rke 
Inevitably Brexit will be stopped! There never was a case, but that vacuum is now ridden with holes. Frankly amazed that this mad-May-led HMG continues to pour away borrowed money down the bottomless pit of trying to do the unaffordable? It can't be financed on top of £2tn. debt! 
Lower wages, smaller economy, less investment, damaged future. That's the reality of Brexit Britain, but it's not too late for us all to stand up and fight the stupidity and the ideologues that brought it.#StopBrexit 
While you're spouting tripe about getting wages rising and supporting families, the Bank of England has warned that economic uncertainty caused by the Brexit vote will knock 5% off UK wage growth by the year end. Grow up and speak the truth.#StopBrexit 
How very professional.  Not.  Might be helpful if you respected the referendum result and started representing the wishes of the majority.  
Remember when we said unemployment would rise because of Brexit, and they called it Project Fear?UK unemployment rises at fastest rate in almost five years#FBPE 
Dismissing the Economists for Free Trade cheery financial projections for Brexit, @ChrisGiles_ pulls no punches. “If this is the sort of work that is influential among ministers & underpins policy, Britain’s economy is not in safe hands.” 
Evidence? That the cabinet is full of millionaires? Common knowledge. That they are amongst the highest expenses claimants? Common knowledge. Oh, and it is ‘aspiration’, not ‘asperation’. I aspire for this country to distribute its wealth evenly: tories are the only impediment 
Well said @jeremycorbyn, more of this please. This road to nowhere Govt, via its own Brexit analysis, is looking to downgrade on environmental and employment protections, whilst compromising trade and Northern Ireland peace with its ideological position. 
'Protect jobs, not Brussels' French car industry WARN Macron over Brexit DISASTER  
Surely British people should henceforth be able to choose which passport they want: burgundy EU, with all the rights and freedoms that that entails, or true blue British Brexit passport that allows you to go to ... well, the Isle of Man.  
Carney BACKTRACKS on Brexit as BofE governor admits living standards will RISE  
This tweet was brought to by Brexit ™ 
@theresa_may @BBCPolitics @Conservatives @Daily_Express @EveningStandard @MoggMentum @Jacob_Rees_Mogg May, if you are not careful, you will wear out patience of 17.4 million voters! Either deliver Brexit or LEAVE as PM and hand over reigns to Jacob Rees-Mogg who will not fail us!  
COMMENT OF THE DAY: Phil wants Brexit to mean taking back control of the country. But does he mean Britain or the Netherlands? And exactly what language is he writing in...?  
Scenes in the #HouseofLords tonight where @LordCallanan shuts down the persistent interruption from @andrew_adonis during the amendments to the #EUWithdrawalbillAdonis basically wants to wreck #Brexit.  
Looks like the @EU_Commission has judged the UK's "3 baskets" approach to regulation after #Brexit as incompatible with the EU's guidelines.   
Social media is a game changer - that is why #fbpe is so important. Dominance of Brexit press ending 'The general election showed the media barons are losing their influence  and social media means their bad old habits are becoming less and less  relevant'  
What justification for BBC news to make continuity Remain putting a new bus on the road its second top story? In such editorial choices is the extent of its biased anti-Brexit agenda revealed. 
Whilst the insanity of Brexit does have a degree of absurd humour to it, hearing the laughter in response to what is ultimately a damning indictment of the path we're opting to take... it's rather disconcerting.It won't be funny when we're forced to live with it.  
Is Brexit worth it?No, the fuck it isn't.Should we unite and fight Brexit?Yes, the fuck we should.Can we win this?Yes we absofuckinglutely can! 
In other words, vote against the Brexit supporting Tory and Labour parties on May 3rd.☞ The only way to beat the kamikaze Brexiters? Fight for no Brexit  
A German vote of confidence in Brexit Britain. London will remain the undisputed dominant European financial center after the UK leaves the EU.  
NEW RULING: Peter Bone, Philip Hollobone, Desmond Swayne and all other Tory Brexit backbenchers to be henceforth known as The Minford Sisters 
Do you think Brexit could still be reversed?  3 386 users have voted. Share your opinion!  
Britain telling the EU we need a longer Brexit transition period is like coming out of the toilet cubicle and telling the next person “I’d give it a few minutes”. 
He speaks for many of us: Jacob Rees-Mogg: Brexit transition strategy document is a 'perversion of democracy'' | via @telegraph 
The world is clear-eyed about Brexit, and knows it must be reversed.Millions of people now want to #StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
If you live in East Anglia  & find yourself going out for lunch instead of marching in Ipswich at the uni waterfront on the 24/3 - you’re asking to Brexit surely? Get on board - scrap lunch & “let’s stay together”! @SuffEUAlliance  
The only reason #Brexit is still on the table is because its proponents are fighting for their political careers. Nothing about this is in the best interests of the country & everyone knows it. If Brexit goes down, it takes Boris, Davis, Fox, Rees-Mogg with it.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
 Brexit was intended to fight the corporate elite, yet we have a Prime Minister whose first thought after the vote was to become a corporate tax haven.  
Malaysia wants a free trade agreement with the UK post-Brexit. It already has one with Australia. Malaysia has a third of a trillion dollar economy  that's set to expand by a healthy 4.8% this year, according to the IMF. Malaysia has almost 32 million consumers. 
Damon Albarn hits out at Brexit as Gorillaz win at BRIT Awards 2018  
In case you missed it...@jeremycorbyn asks questions on Brexit while May responds with lame jokes #PMQs 
We need to walk away and get on with Brexit.   
Have just asked @JolyonMaugham when can we start impeaching lying Brexit MPs? Hopefully soon, before their demonstrable lies cause irreparable damage to UK.  
So sick if people saying "vote for a Labour brexit or you will get a Tory brexit".I'll say it again: I don't want ANY brexit.We should remain in the EU.#FBPE #Remain #RemainerNow 
You can always count on Damon Albarn to bring back some 90s drama. All we needed was Liam to come back on stage and fight with him about Brexit.  
Lmao Damon Albarn pissed and complaining about Brexit is fully me when I get the karaoke mic and finally have everyone’s attention to hold court  #BRITs2018 
Mortgage banker playbook:I see the 10Y yield has doubled since Brexit.Well...rates are still historically low and it's a buyer's market.I don't think I can afford the payment though.Well, home prices tend to go up over the long run, let's get you into a rocket mortgage. 
Extend the transition, pretend we've left. Brexit is a failure. Why don't we just not bother leaving. It'll be less embarrassing.  
It is tragic and highly predictable and doubt it's the last. I'm  expecting some banks and parts of aerospace, chemicals and car industry to relocate too unless a UK Brexit deal is clinched soon as businesses hate uncertainty and that is what hard brexit means  
Remain making up for the referendum campaign when the lack of information was taken as improbability that the country would jump blindly into the unknown. Better late than never?  
Brexit will happen regardless of who is in power; the only question is whether we want our future to be prosperous and capitalist, or impoverished and socialist. 
Tomorrow on #r4today: The Wellcome Trust sets out a post-Brexit vision that aims to strengthen European science - increasing collaboration between member states and associated countries like the UK 
Ignorance - wilful or otherwise - of some of Brexit side of Ireland (north and south) is remarkable. Whole idea of GFA is allows nationalists and unionists to express their beliefs within a *shared structure*  
Finally, David Davis has told leavers the truth: Brexit means compromise | Nicky Morgan  
Brexit reversal: Pro-Europe bus gets stuck on streets of London  
Lord Carlile after reading Brexit analysis dossier "It is most certainly a real suicide note" #StopBrexit #EUwithdrawalbill #FBPE 
If Brexit's power grab transpires to be all its critics warn it will be - and so far the experts who care about Scotland's health are agreed it will be punitive, Scotland will move into an age of *permanent* neo-colonial dependency. There is no other outcome.  
A new anti-Brexit battle bus started on a UK tour today... and immediately got stuck on a narrow London road. Here is the full, agonising video.  
BREXIT CHAOS: Jaguar Land Rover warning over Brexit impact / #EU #Brexit #Manufacturing 
Gisela Stuart - The Government must take action to secure our ability to prepare for life post-Brexit, or otherwise risk leaving the UK in a state of legal limbo.  
."If they want a freeze, give them one: fight NOT for soft Brexit, NOR Brexit postponed. Fight for no Brexit." . 
Extraordinary scenes in the Lords tonight during debate on Brexit Bill.  Uproar as Govt Minister refuses to answer very reasonable questions from peers of all parties.  Arrogant, ignorant, clueless or all three. 
Labour must stop its painful inching towards reality, its nonsensical soft-shoe shuffle to get Corbyn creeping towards the light, and just commit to stopping Brexit. 
Thousands of people across the country have joined a campaign to celebrate the contribution made by migrants to British society.The @1daywithoutus was set up in response to fears of a rise in xenophobia after the #Brexit vote in 2016. 
."There are enough sceptical Tories in parliament to sabotage any Brexit legislation if they join forces with opposition MPs.". 
I briefly gave Thomson some credit for not signing up to the Hard Brexit letter. A Brexit which, it's been reported, would disproportionately affect the north east of Scotland. But no. All I can read into his non-signature now is he was too disorganised to sign in the 1st place.  
Deutsche Bank is the first large lender to announce the start of a wholesale relocation of business from Britain  
#skynews #bbcnews #itvnews  When are MP's gonna remember they actually work for electorate who put them there & not for themselves as it is MP's who have created transition period for brexit when there is no legal standing in all EU treaties for such a period MP's against public 
They say there are 5 stages to grief: denial, anger, bargaining, depression & acceptance.  I’ve reached the depression stage, but I will never reach acceptance  – I will never accept Brexit.  I fight against it every day.  Brexit mustn’t be allowed to happen. #FinalSayForALL 
"I wholeheartedly back this letter which seeks to ensure Aberdeen suffers the maximum possible damage from Brexit, because I am an economically-illiterate bampot."  
Looks like there'll be more people on benefits because of Brexit, and when the jobs are gone they are gone forever. Still the Government hides the true impacts from its own people, shameful. 
1/ Aaargh the new Brexit stuff for today wasn't over yet. The EU Commission has published three more sets of "future relationship" slides - on land transport, "mobility" (ie immigration) and goods regulation. Some thoughts.  
New Irish bishop defends unborn at installation Mass ahead of abortion referendum  
referendum to repeal the 8th amendment has been called for 25th of may, the day after me and Jordan are supposed to set into our apartment in Berlin:)) Looks like ya girl is delaying her flight, yer not fooling me for a second varadkar xx 
‘There’s a good reason why Corbyn chooses to avoid Brexit at PMQs. One person with no clear view on Brexit asking another person with no clear view on Brexit to offer clarity on Brexit is not the most enlightening way to pass anyone’s time’ @JohnJCrace 
If German businesses are worried about Brexit, the other nations will be positively trembling as our departure date draws nigh. May should hold her nerve, as cracks will over time appear behind the EU27 wafer-thin facade of unity.  
Brexit will knock 5% off wage growth, says Mark Carney  
Given the national meltdown over KFC, not sure this country is ready for level of disruption from a no-deal Brexit. Public opinion would turn in 24hrs - problem is it’ll be too late. 
Seriously... @Jacob_Rees_Mogg 17.4m ++ people are relying upon YOU and 62 MPs to sort Theresa May out; it is wholly UNACCEPTABLE to be a neutered Vassal state, yet this letter suggests that's EXACTLY what will happen. We MUST  Brexit - 4 pillars 29/03/19 
Theresa May is bracing for Unilever to choose the Netherlands over the UK for its new unified headquarters, after months of political pressure from both sides and amid an “emotional” atmosphere supercharged by Brexit.  
He was right, once - where did it all go wrong Tony? #Brexit  
Why a second referendum would be better than the chaotic Brexit towards which Britain is heading  
"The reality is none of @Conservatives​ cared 2 hoots about Northern Ireland"Former Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern talks to @AlexSalmond​ about the Good Friday Agreement post #Brexit.Watch the full interview on @AlexSalmondShow Thursday on RT UK at 07:30, 18:30 and 23:30 GMT. 
The world is clear-eyed about Brexit, and knows it must be reversed | Martin Kettle  
Moving #Libdems amendment to Finance Bill. Use 1% increase in #IncomeTax as earmarked #tax for @NHSEngland. No #Brexit dividend. Time to be honest about who pays for good #publicservices 
Oh no!!Even @Jacob_Rees_Mogg has gone soft on #BrexitHe now accepts that until 2021 the UK will be member of Single Mkt/Customs Union.Still subject to ECJAllowing foreigners to take our fishAllowing open door EU immigration Paying £Billions to the EU 
Steve Baker was confronted with the truth today by Andrew Neil, his colleagues are telling outright lies ref Mr. Corbyn, he didn't have the guts to admit this, what a weak, lily livered, spineless untrustworthy charlatan he is, and he's a Brexit minister ffs #bbcdp. 
UK's Brexit transition plans released. Weak, wishy washy, betrayal of Brexiteers! Poor negotiations, we had the upper hand on Trade, wasted it!  
Hey!Guess what?I'm not voting for Labour in a pre-Brexit general election, and...NEITHER ARE YOU BECAUSE THERE ISN'T GOING TO BE ONE SO STOP PLANNING THE CORBYN VICTORY PARADE AND START FIGHTING BREXIT WHICH IS THE ONLY REASON THE TORIES ARE CLINGING ON IN GOVERNMENT. 
Brilliant from @zoesqwilliams“Soft Brexit is a myth: membership without influence, responsibilities without rights, affiliation without hinterland, Norway minus, minus, minus.”Fighting for No Brexit must be the priority@BestForBritain @OFOCBrexit 
Brexit minister Steve Baker systematically dismantled by Andrew Neil in live BBC interview over Tories' 'outright lies' on Corbyn spy story  
When Tory Ruth Davidson was away globetrotting for a Photo-shot Her boys were conspiring to dump her stand on the EU and follow their new hero Jacob Rees-Mogg!They are now siding with the Tory far right, working for a hard #Brexit Ruth lost control of her wee party  
Remainer Carney BACKTRACKS on Brexit as BofE governor admits living standards will RISE  
Before the referendum I viewed Farage, Bloom, those lads as hateful racists. During the referendum when he unveiled his racist posterS I viewed Farage as a hateful racist. And after the referendum I view Farage as a hateful racist  
Lord Robathan - Cameron, Gove & Osborne all said we would have to leave the SM & CU during the referendum campaign.Lord Kerr intervention - Does he recall Boris Johnson's riposte to Cameron... nobody's even talking about leaving the single market. #EUwithdrawalbill #FBPE pic.twitter.com/KxmWkq8fl8 
May is now reportedly seeking to extend the Brexit transition period indefinitely beyond December 2020. If true, this would be outrageous & would confirm suspicions about the PM's Remainer sympathies. The end of 2020 is too long a departure date anyway. 
Bank of England Predicts UK Living Standards Boost Ahead of Brexit  
Brexit to take 250 years 
Self Serving RemainersLords told to declare fat EU pensions ahead of Brexit debate  via @MailOnline 
I've said before, I would not want to be in this country if I'd promoted Brexit when people find out what it is.I'd confiscate Booby Johnson's passport just in case 
Big story developing here: May braced for #Unilever decision on HQ shift to Netherlands. Not done deal, but ominous #Brexit  via @financialtimes 
Theresa May is bracing for Unilever to choose the Netherlands over the UK for its new unified headquarters, after months of political pressure from both sides and amid an “emotional” atmosphere supercharged by Brexit.#StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
How would you know? You still haven’t met @BritishInEurope and @The3Million.  If you had you would understand why we don’t share your ‘optimism and suspect your commitment to our rights is far from absolute #brexit #citizensrights 
It is important that after Brexit the UK continues to offer a home to Europeans seeking to get away from populism and the political instability caused by the likes of the AfD and others. #open #liberal #stable #britain 
Ho hum, we're apparently going to have Schrödinger's Brexit transition period - it will simultaneously be open-ended and not open-ended.I'm not sure this was all thought out properly at the start. 
If the Brexit referendum was run again, how would you vote? [Vote + RT to increase the sample size] 
This reporter, clearly through gritted teeth, acknowledges "He may not be in government...but Jacob Rees-Mogg is exerting real influence over the way Brexit is panning out." Keep it going JRM! 
The forecasts show  , incontrovertibly, that the harder the #Brexit the worse the damage , and also prove that worst hit city of all would be #Aberdeen.  But this extremist Tory #Aberdeen MP is saying “bring it on” 
I have a recurring daydream in which Brexit, like Peep Show's Project Zeus, is abandoned because it's simply too difficult. 
I have a lot to thank Brexit for - I've learnt new skills, I've met the most amazing people & made lifelong friends, & I've found a passion & drive I never knew I possessed. On occasions, like today, it's even been fun!Still got to be stopped though!@BremainInSpain 
Dumfries and Galloway MP Alister Jack has signed a letter to the PM calling for a hard Brexit and a clean break from the EU. @JoanMcAlpine gives us her reaction. 
And now it's here, a hard copy of my book on Centre-Left Parties and the EU, and it looks as red & stunning as I could wish for. Thank you @ManchesterUP @tonyeditorial . Just when @UKLabour needs to think carefully about its Brexit policy...  
8. NO CHANGE IS WORSEFear of change was a fundamental strategy of the No campaign. Now we know there will be change and the UK Govt’s own figs suggest Brexit will be catastrophic for Scotland. A Yes campaign focusing on protecting powers and the economy can win hearts and minds.  
5. TWO FRONTSThe Tory UK Govt is in turmoil over Brexit. Labour are equally split and unable to capitalise on the chaos. The advantages of campaigning against a UK Govt, already engaged and struggling with the EU outcome, on a second constitutional front can’t be underestimated.  
1. THE FRANCHISEThe one key advantage of indyref was that the template for an independence referendum was set in stone. Cameron would never have agreed such fair terms if he’d thought Yes could win. The 50% threshold, EU Nationals & 16-17 votes be crucial next time.  
Good explanation of WTO basics for UK/EU trade post-Brexit here  
The world is clear-eyed about Brexit, and knows it must be reversed | Martin Kettle  
.@IainDale has invited an expert on to @LBC to tell listeners how there are great opportunities for the UK trading with the world after Brexit.Sadly for him, she tells us that "most countries prefer to trade with their neighbours because geographical proximity matters".LOL 
.@GerardBattenMEP "I’ve warned that closet Remainers such as May will delay and impede Brexit in the hope of later overturning the democratic wishes of the people. This is barefaced treachery and cannot be allowed to stand,"  
Economists "debunk" Whitehall Brexit analysis - and claim the economy will grow  
Outside St Helier hospital in Sutton @thomasbrake MP talks about broken Brexit promises to fund the NHS  
Government’s proposal for #Brexit #transition :Article 1: The UK shall no longer be officially listed as a member of the EUArticle 2: Nothing else changes (and that is, actually, the least damaging option!) 
You can’t trust anyone who talks about a ‘hard’ or a ‘soft’ #Brexit. There is only Brexit. Those talking about either only want ‘no Brexit.’  
Read the UK's counter-offer to the EU's proposals for a #Brexit transition/implementation phase here  
FT reporting that Conservatives "bracing" themselves for Unilever to shift to Holland post Brexit for HQ after supercharged tug of war 
Disgraceful, so much fir free speech and democracy.BBC News - Anti-Brexit bus 'banned' from parking in Oxford #StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON #OFOC 
I grew up in a city affected by Irish republican attacks. With so much hatred on both sides peace was simply unthinkable - until it wasn’t. How dare Brexit extremists try to tear up this monumental achievement in pursuit of their absurd aims? #WeNeedTheGFA 
Again: these pro-Brexit economists got their 2017 post-referendum economic forecast wrong. One of them (Minford) said that the minimum wage would cost millions of jobs. Why believe them now?  
The City is facing Brexit, followed by the threat of a Corbyn government. It can survive the former, but would suffer heavy losses at the hands of the latter.  
Is Brexit worth it? The #BrexitFactsBus is touring the UK - find out where your nearest stop is and join the conversation.  #BrexitFactsBusRolling #isitworthit 
Before the referendum, Eurosceptics were patronised as quaint, eccentric or nostalgic, but not illegitimate. Overnight, they somehow became hateful racists. Their crime? Winning. 
Oh look, Ross is now backing a hard Brexit too. Both Tory MP’s in the city now actively campaigning to batter the local economy. Only the SNP standing up for Aberdeen’s interests.  
Government loses case - they’re in breach of EU law.No wonder so many in government are keen to get rid of EU law.Make no mistake: air pollution kills thousands every year.Brexit means a race to the bottom on environmental standards. 
This extraordinarily prescient explanation of Brexit was made in 1996, 20 years before the referendum even happened.It really is worth watching all the way through - the parallels are startling!#StopBrexit#FBPE 
Very happy to be able to tell you that I’m joining @AlynSmith MEP's team part-time to work on anti-Brexit stuff, and will also be helping with cross-party coordination among Remain MEPs.This should explain why I'm so happy to be working with Alyn : 
Brexit reversal: Pro-Europe bus gets stuck on streets of London  
The bus should be allowed and when it does I will be there. During elections Tory and Lib Dem buses visit the county. The Leave bus during the referendum criss-crossed the country spreading fake news. Politically motivated move from Tory council?  
Theresa May is bracing for Unilever to choose the Netherlands over UK for its new unified headquarters, after months of political pressure from both sides and amid an “emotional” atmosphere supercharged by Brexit.  
UKIP Leader @GerardBattenMEP calls for @theresa_may to go and for a REAL Brexiteer to take over. We have  warned that closet Remainers such as May will delay and impede Brexit. This is barefaced treachery and cannot be allowed to stand.  
If Tallahassee won't pass gun reform to protect our families, WE WILL. We are going to take it directly to the people of Florida with a statewide referendum, and we will remember the cowardice of those failed to act. #NeverAgain 
Lib Dems out in numbers to remind .@BorisJohnson of his promise of £350 million a week for the NHS after #Brexit. Very sad that Govt's own report  confirms there will be less money for public services after Brexit, not more. #FBPE 
Look Mrs May @theresa_may, you became PM without a Brexit plan, you pushed Article 50 through without a Brexit plan, your Secretary of State for Exiting the EU doesn't have a plan, face it, you don't have the first idea how to get out of this mess of your own making. End this. 
New red Brexit bus is on tour… and the statistic on the side is VERY different  via @MetroUK 
Time's running out. Can Corbyn be the agent of change? Plus Lord Adonis on the BBC - Brexit Broadcasting Corporation. On sale tomorrow in all good newsagents.  
The thing about brexit is that it affects everyone, including leavers. £1 = €0.90c at the airport today. Enjoy your holidays brexitears X  
Dear Mrs May @theresa_may how can you possibly be held to ransom by 62 out of 316 Tory MPs? How weak does this make you appear? How could you be a bloody difficult woman with the EU if you cannot even keep your own party in order? End this, end Brexit. 
Magnificent rallying call by Tory peer Viscount Hailsham (Douglas Hogg, former Lord Chancellor) in speech on #EUWithdrawalBill. He wants UK to stay in Single Market and Customs Union ‘and if I could, to frustrate #Brexit’ 
Poland has become a bigger threat to the cohesion and survival of the EU than Brexit  
Recently I compared Brexit with Lord of the Flies.  That prompted this excellent rejoinder from a former English teacher.Many thanks, @yaxleymellis. 
Anti-Brexit bus 'banned' from parking in Oxford  
If you switch off when you hear the politics of #Brexit (and why wouldn't you!) then I'd like to share the real cost of Brexit for ordinary people. The Gov't analysis shows if we get a #ToryHardBrexit, prices of day-to-day stuff will go up by + 20%. Time to ask #IsBrexitWorthIt? 
The banking "Brexodus" is a step closer as Deutsche Bank relocates its booking hub  
So @RuthDavidsonMSP, you have no problem with a hard Brexit, even if it destroys Scotland's economy.  
‘Brexit Betrayal at Its Contemptible Worst’ – Appeaser Theresa Asks EU for INDEFINITE ‘Transition’ Period  
In Hammersmith @Femi_Sorry @StephenCowan @SebDance @MaryHoneyball talk Brexit job losses #isitworthit #BrexitFactsBusRolling 
Brexit, as soap:Brexit:  “i would like to take you on a date.”UK:  “I’m in two minds about this, but ok.  Let’s meet at the pub.  Somewhere with other people around.”Brexit: “Very well.  Bring money.”UK: “Wait a second-Brexit: “YOU ALREADY SAID YES, YOU SLAG!” 
Labour to sweep London in local elections with best result for any party since 1968, new poll suggests - A poor result for May will empower her backbenchers and make any attempts for agreement over a Brexit plan even more difficult  
You really have to admire Nicola Sturgeon!  She is sitting back taking the whole Brexit thing on board & letting the Conservative slash each other throats while planning #ScotRef This Woman is a genius & am glad am in her camp. 
Irony of Brexit is that, while it’s based on the premise we’re better than people who live abroad, we are now depending on them to save us. 
EEA EFTA Brexit is the only way to reunite our divided country. I've been banging this drum for a year, so glad to see growing cross party support for a common sense EEA EFTA based Brexit. Thanks to @Sandbach for securing debate this morning - were some brilliant contributions 
*Brexit Explained*  
Mark Carney: People are earning 3.5% less than we estimated before the EU referendum  
US meat - for human consumption - riddled with faeces and pus...The appetising prospect of that post-#Brexit transatlantic trade deal  
People need to grasp that every single penny we give to David Davis’s Brexit department is wasted money: their only plan is to have no plan. 
David Davis is confused about why people don't trust Tory Brexiteers with their rights at work after Brexit. Well we have a theory... Please share! #LeaveWatch 
The clock is ticking, and we need to move fast. I sincerely hope that we’ll succeed in reaching agreements that are good for us all. One thing is certain: the UK and the Netherlands are good friends and key partners, and Brexit will not change that. 
Thank you for your warm welcome @theresa_may. In view of our close economic ties, it is clearly crucial for the Netherlands and Dutch business to ensure a strong relationship post-Brexit. So the British government really needs to offer more clarity about where it wants to go.  
"It's all very well being 16 pts ahead in Remainer London, but when are Labour going to win back their northern heartland by stopping Brexit?"  
So the Scottish Tory MP that represents the constituency that will be hit the hardest by Brexit demands that it's gets hit by the Hardest of Brexits?Dafty much? 
I am wholly against a Mad Max Brexit dystopia. I want a cyberpunk Singapore-on-Thames dystopia with weird biotech enhancements, AI, and international intrigue. 
Hard Brexit is a dead duck. The ERG have lost. Government has moved. Now to convince the public and stop Brexit #FinalSay 
*The Anti-Brexit Bus*  
“Despite Brexit”...  
Hard Brexit needed. 
I'm old enough to remember when the then leader of UKIP said that if the #brexit result was close (52% for remain), he would seek to overturn it.#StopBrexit 
BATTLE OF THE BUSES Anti-Brexit campaigners launch bus tour mocking Leave voters and asking if leaving the EU is ‘worth it’ 
Arch Brexiter @billcashmp concerns over post Brexit #citizensrights of his grandchildren in Spain.Feel free to comment  
Over at the European Scrutiny select committee, eurosceptic Tory MP Bill Cash reveals has has three grandchildren currently living in Spain and urges immigration minister Caroline Nokes to protect their rights after #Brexit 
Spoke to CEO of UKAEA yesterday and he confirmed that leaving Euratom was problematic for medical radioisotopes coming to UK postBrexit but he hoped that an Association agreement UK Euratom could be concluded in time for Brexit based on Ukraine experience but agreed its ambitious 
“Brexit reminds me of Apocalypse Now when Martin Sheen is walking in a trench and he asks another soldier, ‘hey soldier, do you know who’s in charge here?’ and he replies, ‘ain’t you?’” 
Thank you Madeleina. You should be proud of your dedication. Citizens'rights remain a high priority for me and the Brexit Steering Group #WeAreEurope 
If Scotland votes for independence prior to March 2019 and a pledge is made to hold a referendum on EU membership, you can be assurred that the population of Scotland will swell dramatically as the 17,000,000 rUK citizens scurry to find somewhere outward and inclusive to live! 
Ruth Davidson is losing control of her ScotTories over Brexit  
The Brexit house is on fire and everybody knows it. We're all inside that house. But by refusing to back the amendment for a ref on the final deal, Labour have agreed to cut off our escape route.#StopBrexit 
Well fancy that! @theresamay adopts Labour’s position in the Brexit transition...  
Veteran eurosceptic, Bill Cash, reveals he has 3 grand-children living in Spain and says need to protect their rights post-Brexit. 
The #Tories only have 2 #Brexit options to debate tomorrow at Chequers: #BINO or #ToryHardBrexit How about we get off the #RoadToBrexit & do the right thing - #StopBrexit?@LibDems @TheGreenParty @theSNP @Plaid_Cymru @BorderIrish @UKLabour @ChukaUmunna @TopazStopBrexit #ABTV 
A group of leading economists say civil servants got their sums wrong in Brexit impact study recently, Economists For Free Trade prove our economy will grow between 2-4% better, it also says a no deal scenario would see a big boost for Britain. 
"Scottish" Tories demand hard #Brexit in order to destroy the Scottish Economy.  
Brexit ringleader, @Jacob_Rees_Mogg is hounding @Theresa_May to push Brexit through. But in 2011 he said double referendum on EU relationship would “make more sense”. 
The EU has v. good systems for 'early warning' about disease outbreaks for things like Ebola, MERS, SARS etc. The leaders of these organisations say they are, "in the dark about what would happen" after Brexit. Bet UKGOV hasn't thought about this. 
Brexit mid week update:Corbyn is a spy with no secrets.May is a PM with no plan.Cable is a Remainer with no clout.Sturgeon is a FM with no say.Adams is a Remainer with no vote.Mogg is a Leaver, with a secret plan, loads of clout and a vote. Whose in charge?#FBPE 
Andrew Neil skewered Brexit minister Steve Baker and it’s glorious #stevebaker #andrewneil #bbc 
Brexit: ideology that threatens our NHS, our jobs, our economy... and peace in Northern Ireland. Brexit leaders don't care about that - but the people of Ireland do and so should everyone else.  
The new kids on the block who want to stop Brexit. It’s not my future, it’s theirs. They have my full support @OFOCBrexit @thomasbrake @SebDance @GreenJeanMEP @CharlesTannock @juliegirling @RCorbettMEP @ClareMoodyMEP 
Sir Keir Starmer on Labour's 6 tests to support any Brexit deal.Labour would 'Vote Against' a Brexit Deal that Failed to meet its 6 Tests.#PCPEU #ABTV #WATON #FBPE 
The SNP’s @TommySheppard tells @BBCNews the Tory Brexiteers’ letter shows that the Tory party is split from top to bottom on what it’s going to do about Brexit – which is why the UK government is so badly prepared #PMQS 
The Tories' speeches on their negotiating position for Brexit have been filled with waffle and empty rhetoric. #PMQs 
UK proposes major amendment to Brexit transitionMadness! Any requests to the EU27 will come back with terms. #Brexit is already failing B4 we've left.. just Revoke #A50, #StopBrexit B4 29/03/19 #Remain in the EU & defend the current BEST POSSIBLE DEAL! 
Tory infighting, Theresa May held hostage, Brexit uncertainty abounds...  
German diplomats claims Boris admitted Brexit is a ‘Mess’  
Treacherous Remainers day of CHAOS: EU lackeys Anti-Brexit bus suffers farcical launch outside Westminster  
"The reckless and highly irresponsible comments from some Brexit extremists in England exposes their own shallow and selfish disregard for the Irish peace process." - @DeclanKearneySF 
I’m advised against Tweeting whilst slurping morphine but, as you may already realise, I think TM is useless, ditto Corbyn and Brexit stinks 
Michael Gove says David Davis and Boris Johnson are the "Ronaldo and Messi" of Brexit. These people should be locked up. 
Political temperature in Catalonia turning up once again.... Supreme Court judge orders national arrest warrant after no show from pro-indy politician Anna Gabriel. She’s fled to Switzerland demanding a fair trial on charges of sedition and rebellion connected to indy referendum. 
IDS: "We should all be highly sceptical of Project Fear Mark 2 – the Treasury-led operation by Whitehall officials to discredit Brexit and browbeat ministers into the softest of departures from the EU"  
The potential for a transition period to continue until the new agreement can be fully implemented & new systems fuctioning is how you make a success of Brexit, it isn't a betral. Welcome to project management. 
In the last 24 hours:- A rapper has been imprisoned for insulting the King.- An art exhibition that talked about political prisoners has been banned.- A judge has ordered the arrest of a former MP for supporting the Catalan referendum. It's not Turkey, it's Spain. 
@Marthalanefox I am joining the launch of the Brexit: @isitworthitbus  campaign outside parliament. A bus will park nearby with the words “Brexit to cost £2,000 million a week says government’s own report. Is it worth it?” an 8 day, 1,700 mile truth tour  
LOLOL @TheoUsherwood films the new 'stop Brexit' campaign bus getting stuck in a narrow street in Westminster on its way to its own launch. Queue here for metaphors.  
Not sure what is in a bigger mess. The #NHS or #Brexit. The later will certainly make the former a lot worse   #PMQs 
"This whole thing about how Brexit is good for trade is obviously complete nonsense," says Tory MP Ed Vaizey. We wonder what his boss will make of that?@edvaizey | @Matthew_Wright | #Brexit | #wrightstuff 
Just been a guest on BBC Daily Politics where (as well as PMQs) we covered the issue of Brexit, press ownership and the false smears being peddled about Jeremy Corbyn.  
In East Ham where @stephenctimms highlights the cost of Brexit for local people #isitworthit #BrexitFactsBusRolling 
After wasting 20 months negotiating to get a 2 yr transition period (aka not Brexit), May is now floating the idea of it being an open ended transition. Anyone thinking Brexit no longer means Brexit? 
I wholeheartedly back this letter of support to the PM which gives power to her elbow in these crucial negotiations to achieve a clean #Brexit. Out of the Single Market, out of the Customs Union and delivers a special economic partnership with the EU that works for the whole UK  
Pound falls again after Britain's unemployment rate unexpectedly climbs  
Britain is doing #Brexit backwards: deciding to leave, then flailing around trying to work out how, and by when.Surely working out how to do it, and then doing it, might have been a better plan…? 
MP for East Ham, @stephenctimms, speaking at the first stop of the #isitworthit bus tour.£2000 million per week for the government's hard Brexit plan. Is it worth it? #FBPE 
Rees-Mogg Tory Group Send Clean Brexit ‘Ransom Letter’ to Appeaser Theresa  
 On @AlexSalmondShow tomorrow, in part 2 of a 3 part series on Ireland, @AlexSalmond speaks with Former Taoiseach Bertie Ahern, the Irish leader who was one of the key participants in the Good Friday Agreement, twenty years ago #Brexit  
#PMQsCorbyn: Given the PM ruled out, any form of Customs Union post Brexit, can she explain how she expects to avoid a hard border with Northern Ireland."This govt isn't on the road to Brexit, it's on the road to nowhere!"#PCPEU #FBPE 
Good work from @CarolineLucas and @thomasbrake taking the truth about Brexit to the streets of London. There's a mountain of the government’s own evidence that Brexit will be terrible for our country. #isitworthit 
As @Tim_Roache of the @GMB_union commented: “If the best this Government can do is promise #Britain will not turn into a ‘Mad Max’ nightmare – it’s no wonder people are worried”#BrexitShambles #BrexitReality #brexit 
As of today and absolutely unchanged since the referendum both Tory and Labour are in favour of leaving 1. the Single Market2. the Customs Union3. Ending Freedom of Movement4. Having a two year transition periodThe rest is weasel words and nonsense. 
May I remind our utterly useless UK media, especially @bbclaurak and @BBCNews , that the EU have clearly stated that there is a strict 2 year limit on the Brexit Transition period from the EU, . we have no say in this  
Sorry that was unable to take up invite to do @BBCAnyQuestions this week (doing TV interview with football's greatest current manager). Delighted @Femi_Sorry will be doing instead. Time youth was heard on Brexit 
FINALLY .@jeremycorbyn gives .@theresa_may grief on #Brexit.Her answers: trite quips & empty slogans - anyone with a discerning ear now knows #RoadToBrexit = #RoadToNowhere.Great day for #BrexitFactsBusRolling to park outside the Houses of Parliament!We need a #FinalSay Ref. 
Corbyn leads on #Brexit with considered incisive questions .The PM responds by shrieking non answers & concludes by screeching a tasteless cheque/Czech joke.Boris Johnson bumbles & mutters in the background.#2018GovernanceToryStyle 
Today on Uncensored: 'Indefinite' Brexit transition, Rotherham child abuse & fatal stabbings in London  
Delighted to have been aboard Think Again Brexit Bus inaugural run to Westminster this morning#BrexitFactsBusRolling @isitworthitbus 
Been in Parliament almost two decades and can't believe I heard a Prime Minister celebrate being able to choose our own colour passports as a benefit of Brexit. Oh and by the way, we could have done that anyway. #PMQs 
Dutch government scraps referendum law without holding referendum. EU will be proud. It's to stop Nexit  
Happy to support the great @isitworthitbus campaign in Westminster this morning. The people deserve the final say on Brexit. #BrexitFactsBusRolling #BrexitFactsBus 
On Friday, EU27 will discuss the next long-term EU budget and institutions, as we need to prepare the EU for a post-Brexit future.My invitation letter and notes to the EU leaders:  
the good news - @jeremycorbyn went on Brexit at #PMQs The bad news - there is no way of doing Brexit that protects jobs and rights. Especially not with hard right wing driving May agenda  
Staggering to see @IanBlackfordMPdemanding action on genocide in Syria to be followed immediately by a Tory Q on blue passports post #brexit. Priorities are clearly in place.#PMQs 
"The government isn’t on the road to Brexit, it’s on the road to nowhere’. Quick fire questions leave Theresa May struggling to answer. Nailed it. #PMQs 
Leaked paper suggests Theresa May wants to extend transition period beyond 2020 and won't end FOM. The "they need us more than we need them" narrative is dead. The country is on the ropes. #Brexit  
The estimable @ChrisGiles_ on the Economists for Free Trade's Brexit paper. SPOILERS: it's bollocks  
An Anti-Brexit battle bus started a UK tour today... and immediately got stuck in a narrow London street. We've got the full agonising video.  
Jeremy Corbyn pinning the Prime Minister down on Brexit with confidence. He's managed to incorporate her weakness, Johnson's idiocy, the arrogant flippancy of David Davis and the 62 militant extremist backbenchers holding her to ransom. Well done Jeremy Corbyn. #PMQS 
Nearly 3 years between ref and end of A50 period. That IS the transition period. We don't need another 2 years and May kicking Brexit further into the long grass will lead to a Tory vote collapse in the GE. 
Great line from Corbyn: ‘The government isn’t on the road to Brexit, it’s on the road to nowhere’. #PMQs 
.@jeremycorbyn: "All we've had so far from this government is waffle and empty rhetoric. This government isn't on the road to Brexit - it's on the road to nowhere" #PMQs 
Very telling that Corbyn now seems comfortable on Brexit. From this line of questioning trajectory of Labour is clear: will endorse staying in the customs union. Probably total alignment of regulations too. #PMQs 
Watching PM respond to @jeremycorbyn Qs about Brexit and workers rights it's clear she doesn't even believe the answers she's giving, no conviction or sincerity - same old tired lines #PMQs 
Corbyn lays into Johnson for not mentioning N Ireland in his Brexit speech. DUP's Nigel Dodds shouts: "What about the IRA Jeremy?" 
Woah. Corbyn actually going big on Brexit. Asks Theresa May how a hard Irish border can be avoided outside the customs union. Then points out there was no mention of Northern Ireland in Johnson's Brexit speech.Where has this been? #PMQs 
"The Brexit secretary promised Brexit wouldn't end up like a Mad Max style dystopia" - can we set the bar higher than that?". JC roasts May on Brexit. #PMQs 
Corbyn picks up what I spotted from my interview with PM in China that PM has started saying “as tariff free as possible” rather than a “tariff free” post Brexit deal - the Lancaster House aim 
We can’t let the Tories use Brexit to weaken our fundamental rights. Hold them to account – share this ↓ #PMQs 
Theresa May is sent a letter by 62 Eurosceptic MPs outlining their Brexit red lines (no ECJ rule, etc.) Right before PMQs, a leaked gov't document shows May's position is the polar opposite of this. Surely this is the start of a leadership challenge? 
If you put rubbish into an economic model (and spuriously multiply by 5), rubbish spews out  - my take on the latest Economists for Free Trade Brexit advocacy  via @financialtimes 
Very pleased to be joining the @isitworthitbus today - a vital reminder of the true reality of Brexit. Watch below for why I think Brexit isn’t worth it  #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
BETRAYAL: Leaked government document shows plans for indefinite Brexit transition period and continued ECJ rule.More on this explosive development LIVE at 13.00 on Westmonster Uncensored on Facebook, Twitter and YouTube. 
Brilliant leader in The Times today, calling on the Gov to dismiss the letter written by members of the hard Brexit backing, ideological European Research Group. Please RT:  
Gradually the EU is being overwhelmed with the truth of Brexit and they are starting to give. No credit to Shariamay but instead to the MP's and British people who won´t remove the pressure for common sense and putting Britain and her people first. 
Great to set this off on its journey round uk - v imp public keep getting all the facts as they emerge #brexit #BrexitFactsBusRolling 
The new Brexit bus with a very different message. Can't wait to see how this one goes down.  
REVEALED: Majority of British businesses SNUB EU scaremongering and anticipate Brexit BOOM  
BBC's @afneil is on fire on Daily Politics. He's ripped Andrew Gwynne to shreds over Labour's Press censorship threats and now he's duffing up Tory Steve Baker over Brexit. 
The fact that Tory Brexiteers, and now even the DUP, have openly declared that the Good Friday Agreement should now be scrapped is clear proof that a Tory-led Brexit is simply a kamikaze mission with absolutely no regard for the consequences on ordinary people. 
Would it be #GeneralElection suicide for @UKLabour to officially change policy and declare they were going to oppose #Brexit? Vote and R/T. #PMQs #bbcdp #wato #bbcpm #r4today #bbcqt #bbctw #marr  #newsnight #Corbyn #Labour @TheNewEuropean 
oh, I thought that no one could trust economic models - or is it that you only trust the ones that agree with you and ignore the overwhelming weight of opinion which shows Brexit will be harmful? 
Govt source accepts UK has softened its position on EU citizens being able to come and settle in UK after Brexit during transition period - faced EU brick wall altho PM has always said it had to be different 
Italy wants OUT of the EU 'CAGE'Marco Rizzo:"We want to leave EU because we want... to put workers first which cannot happen in the EU cage.""We are against the EU because it’s a weapon in the hands of big banks and finance."#Brexit #EU 
Britain: we need a #Brexit transition period because we do not know how to do Brexit.And so, dear EU, might you extend that transition period beyond the end of 2020…?This is getting ridiculous now. 
If correct, proposing to extend any implementation period past Dec 2020 will indeed heighten eurosceptic and public concerns about Whitehall attempts to put the kibosh on Brexit...  
Full text of the UK position on the Brexit transition period (or implementation period) is linked to this story. Ta!I'll now update my "running commentary" on the withdrawal agreement, then move on to "David Davis and the Level Playing Field" (worst Harry Potter knock off ever)  
Liam Fox, July 2017: Brexit agreement will be "the easiest deal in human history”. 
It's bad. Brexit is bad, and we should just not do it. The decision of the electorate was wrong. Can we say that yet? Because it was. 
Soooooo basically the government's ideal Brexit means effectively staying in the EU, but giving up all that pesky influence we have over its rules. Seems legit.  
Boris Johnson described Brexit as “a mess” during a private meeting with senior German officials, European Union sources have claimed.  via @gordonrayner 
A pleasure to stand shoulder to shoulder with colleagues across parties and state that Brexit isn’t worth it - with @isitworthitbus #BrexitFactsBusRolling #StopBrexit 
Almost frightening how many times the UK has changed its Brexit position but the EU have not deviated in the slightest. It hasn't really been a negotiation yet, empty rhetoric from the UK then ultimately agreeing to the EU's demands. Take back control they said.... 
The clash with Poland over the rule of law and the politicization of justice represents a bigger threat to the European Union than Brexit or the euro  
BUSTED: Leading economists reveal ‘Alternative Brexit Economic Analysis’ that exposes Whitehall’s Project Fear 2, forecasts economic boost from UK’s EU exit.  
Theresa May wants EU to consider longer Brexit transition, according to draft document obtained by Bloomberg  
.@PeterBoneUK speaking about the ERG letter: It’s helpful to set out some ideas on Brexit, for instance that we should have full regulatory autonomy when we come out of the EU. Watch the whole @SkyNews interview here:  
Proud to have provided the speech to get the #BrexitFactsBusRolling today!Brexit is a huge, profitless black hole of money consumption. Money that we should be spending on NHS, nurse burseries, maintenance grants, schools & investment in future economy needs for our youth.  
EXCLUSIVE! Labour challenger to #Newham mayor Sir Robin Wales @rokhsanafiaz, pledges referendum on mayoral system, opposition to academy schools & to build 1,000 council-owned social rent homes by 2022. Report with link to interview:   
I see the UK and USA, the two countries I care about the most. I see Brexit, Trump, economic suicide, fragmentation, divisiveness and terrified isolation.I think of Ariel Durant:"A great civilization is not conquered from without until it has destroyed itself from within." 
We got the U.K's draft legal text on the #Brexit withdrawal agreement. Says transition shouldn't really end Dec. 31, 2020, but only whenever the successor deal is ready. More on @TheTerminal 
We are turning Project Fear into Project Prosperity. Whitehall's pessimistic analysis is wrong - our figures show Brexit could boost the economy by up to 4 per cent  
When the history of #brexit comes to  be written one of the major causes will be shown to be the horrendous decline in the standard of public commentators & public discourse. Remember @JuliaHB1 is on BBC every week giving her ill informed idiocy credence. 
Britain wants a Brexit trade deal that gives it free, unrestricted access to EU markets but where it was “not required to obey European rules”, says David Davis. Delusional to say the least! #Unicorns 
Remember the rule. Russia/Trump “very serious, must be investigated”. Russia/Brexit “very serious, must be investigated”. Russia/Corbyn “nothing to see here, move along”. 
How will Brexit impact art and culture in the UK? Our latest blog discusses the findings of our new report and survey into our sector's international relationships  
M. Hercules Poirot makes guest appearance in @TheNewEuropean tomorrow in ‘the case of the corpse, the 32nd Mr Farage and the Brexit Broadcasting Corporation’! 
I’ve updated my profile as I’m standing for Council in May for the #LibDems in Leyton. Politics starts from the ground up & the Lib Dem’s work all year round to help the local community, not just at election time. Winning seats in May will send a message to Gov & Opp re Brexit. 
Last week I visited Reading University on Friday and gave a talk on the constitutional and legal background to Brexit to a Politics class.  The students were very engaged, posing many good questions and I thoroughly enjoyed the event.  
It is these clueless fantasists who are driving us over the Brexit cliff edge. Their 'won't be as bad as Mad Max Dystopia' is what awaits us, Scotland, if we don't get off their bus.  
It's the return of red Brexit buses with numbers on the side  
Our detective work has abandoned the Treasury's dodgy assumptions. Listen to our latest report's co-author, @julianHjessop, explain how we predict a Brexit boost of up to 4% of GDP on @BBCr4today. pic.twitter.com/Fnc3hGaSCF 
Where did it say, "Actually that money won't be available because it will be swallowed up AND plenty more besides by the costs of Brexit."? Enjoy your day. 
Powerful speech by @Sandbach in Westminster Hall this morning on why a Brexit deal is essential for our country & our constituents - no deal is a bad deal 
Pah, remember when Remainers used to say post-Brexit Britain would be an economic wasteland? Now they say UK will just be reduced to Canada level. That's Canada, one of the happiest, richest and most free nations on the planet.  
Pls RT if you agree.Britain Needs Brexit. #BNB 
If #brexit has been good for anything it's that the @NFUtweets conference now attracts a Secretary of State for Business. An excellent and progressive step! #NFU18 
Britain’s biggest housebuilder Barratt is considering moving production of blocks used in construction from Germany to Britain despite #Brexit 
Precisely! Time for the UK government to accept that #Brexit means 3rd-party status. When it comes to it, the UK just isn't quite as special as it thinks it is.  
It is not just Brexit but what you do after you have left that is key. Today’s report on the economy after Brexit shows with different & credible assumptions in recent leaked Whitehall paper can produce more positive outcomes. That Whitehall analysis should be made public. 
The Sun journalist who’s lying and smearing Corbyn for being a spy, is the same @tnewtondunn who lied about the Queen backing Brexit and 1 in 5 Muslims being terrorist sympathisers. Will the BBC still be using him, @RobBurl? If so, why? 
Late up. Sky News on - unusually.Unemployment up. (I believe first time in a long time)Sky News: "Is this a sign of things to come re Brexit?"Oh do F**k Off. 
That's because you think this is a subjective or left vs right issue. I studied EU law in two universities and worked in EU affairs for 3yrs. My opinions on Brexit are based on cold hard EU law knowledge.If anything, that information will only get more distant as I grow older.  
So if we take a bunch of die hard #Brextremists..throw in a few more in Cabinet, sprinkle a handful of Redkippers & spice up with closet Labour Brexiters c.120-150 MPs? Where are the 500 MPs who know #Brexit is a National Disaster?!#Backbenchbackbone lacking?Step up #StopBrexit 
DEAR SIRIf the last three years of political chaos have taught us anything, it's that the MSM is biased against any position each of us happens to hold.It just goes to show that the right-wing left-wing liberal pro-Brexit anti-Brexit Establishment is running scared 
Government’s Brexit plan will actually BOOST growth by 4 per cent, say economists including EFT's Patrick Minford and Roger Bootle  
81 per cent of Leave voters in England believe destabilising the Northern Irish peace process a price worth paying if that’s what Brexit requires. ..But then 88 per cent of those Leave voters consider Brexit more important than the survival of the U.K.  
Cabinet told to forget flawed official forecasts – Whitehall's secret new model shows Brexit will boost GDP by up to 4 per cent  
New post: Why is the government making such a mess of Brexit?   
ERG have written to the PM with their 'red lines' on Brexit which include that the UK must not be stopped from negotiating trade deals with other countries, once it leaves the EU, and must gain full "regulatory autonomy"  
Dutch government to scrap referendums, without holding a referendum on it  
Of course the UK won’t be a Mad Max style dystopia after Brexit, we have neither the weather nor the budget. 
NEW EVENT: Britain is set to leave the EU in March, 2019. Twelve months before this momentous event, join @afneil as he interviews David Davis, the #Brexit secretary, on what to expect next year and beyond. Book tickets now! 
The wording for the new slogan for the Brexit bus possibly?  
In other words, @Econs4FreeTrade have made a genuine, good faith attempt to model "Mad Max Brexit"..  
I mean how you can put yourself forward as "a thinker" when your argument includes "people who voted for Brexit aren't thick; it was people who voted Remain in the 70s who were thick" and "we can't change our mind now; we will look stupid" is truly beyond me. 
The funny thing about the case put forward by the not-all-Leavers-are-thick “Brains for Brexit” initiative, is that it genuinely contains two of the thickest things ever uttered by Brexiters.  
This is a classic piece of Brexity thinking.“Let’s Leave a union of white, Christian, world leading Western democracies to reduce immigration from places where people have Brown faces who don’t share our values”.Brexit is stupid.  
Kicking off the #brexitfactsbusrolling first event in Camden @mikegalsworthy describes the cost to UK science - "down the Brexit drain" #isitworthit 
Westminster is using Brexit to put devolution at risk. Scotland will not stand for it | John Swinney and Michael...  
It would be a calamity if the City navigated Brexit only to find itself at the mercy of vengeful socialists   via @CityAM 
Robinson is perfectly well aware of the distinction. However, conflating the #EU with "Europe" has long been part of the fiercely pro-EU #BiasedBBC's anti-#Brexit strategy, and that's the reason the attempted deception is perpetuated.  
EU Parliament concedes Britain should have 'privileged' single market access after Brexit  
Government's Brexit plan will actually BOOST growth by 4 per cent, say economists  
For once, I agree with you Boris. Brexit is a mess...a mess of your making thanks you your constant lying.PS Any news on that £350m extra for the NHS?  
An astonishing letter sent to Theresa May by 62 Tory MPs has leaked to the press, in which they call for an extreme Brexit.  
Whether Brexit is definitely no deal hinges purely on what the government have to say on transition today. If there’s a single red line - which the EU has set out openly - the end result is leaving with nothing.Watch closely. 
With the Tory Brexit Express bus on the scrapheap, good that today we see the #BrexitFactsBusRolling Check out the itinerary here: @mikegalsworthy @campbellclaret @BestForBritain @_Britain4Europe @StopBrexitMarch @W_A_T_O_N @LibDems #WednesdayWisdom 
Poland has become a bigger threat to the cohesion and survival of the EU than Brexit  
Remember when Brexiter economist Patrick Minford said Brexit would destroy manufacturing but that was fine because we would have all the high tech jobs?Oops...  
Tories - Anna Soubry giving you grief? Labour - fed up with Kate Hoey pushing for a hard Brexit? Why not just swap them so we don't have to hear them banging on about it all the time? @TwopTwips 
Remarkably, today's @pressjournal has nothing about Aberdeen MP Colin Clark campaigning for a hard Brexit, which will do huge damage to the Aberdeen economy. Plenty of room for a story about Ross Thomson picking up dog poo, though. #Priorities 
I’m told there is a body called the ERG - the Economic Ruin Group - which is chaired by Mr Rees-Mogg & is planning a Brexit without a trade deal and the end of the Good Friday Agreement. 
Westminster is using Brexit to put devolution at risk. Scotland will not stand for it | John Swinney and Michael Russell  
In Today's News: - Eurosceptic Tory MPs set out Brexit 'red lines'- EU Parliament to call for UK to have 'privileged' access- Economists debunk Whitehall's flawed Brexit analysis- Corbyn claims UK will need to have 'a Customs Union' after Brexit 
Panel discussion @scvotweet #scvogathering with @NicolaSturgeon @AdamBalfourLang @celinesinclair1 @OfficialSYP @JohnDs_View. Wide range of questions from #Brexit to #YOYP2018 & trust in charities. 
‘A Corpse and the 32nd Mr Farage - the case of the Brexit Broadcasting Corporation’ - my column in @TheNewEuropean tomorrow! 
#Brexit is defined as the will of the people but at the moment it is just a government fighting over what the will of the people is and refusing to ask the people themselves because it certainly isn't this what they voted for. 
Be in no doubt, the real test of #Brexit will be in our Territorial Waters & our Fisheries and will indeed give us all an insight on the lingo used "Brexit means Brexit" 
Article today from @Feorlean and I on crucial negotiations to protect @ScotParl in #Brexit legislation.  
Followers, new and old: Sign up to support us at  RETWEET and engage with our content and help us grow to 10,000 followers by Friday Donate to us if you are able, and give us the best chance of stopping Brexit  
EU could demand freedom of movement after Brexit in return for going easy on bankers. Dream on! We don’t want your German Cars! 
Simply we would say that Brexit is not an economic proposition, rather it is a corrective (or at least the beginnings of one) to a decline in political competence and an erosion of meaningful democracy. Economics is secondary.  
This is must read from my shadow ministerial colleague @GlenysThornton warning of the implications of Brexit for access to healthcare   
 Tories at Westminster are using Brexit to undermine devolution. Scotland will not stand for it.The EU withdrawal bill contains a power grab of critical devolved areas such as fishing and farming – and even aspects of our independent justice system. 
.“Brexit is beginning to look like one of those dodgy deals cooked up by Independent Financial Advisers to con Welsh steel-workers into giving up their pensions.". by @iainmacwhirter 
This is all second guessing. It's as if there were no campaign at all. as if the referendum happened without discussion. The decision was made. We now have to ensure that it happens and work towards making it the greatest success it can be.  
62 Conservative MPs have written to the PM about the Brexit negotiation. 254 colleagues did not sign the letter and have their own views. We all need to give the PM the space to craft a compromise that can win a majority in Parliament.  
Most people negotiate to get the best deal for themselves (win-lose). The most successful try to get the best deal for them and their oppos (win-win). The ERG Brexit Ultras are focussed only in the other side losing (lose-lose), whatever it costs the UK 1/ 
The same people that told you Theresa May would be a strong and stable leader are now telling you Brexit will be a success.  Hmmm... #r4Today 
If the WM government feels they can ignore Scotland, perhaps Scotland should take its export products off the Brexit negotiating table. Good luck England, cause you actually produce very little.  
Media proprietors and billionaire Tory donors (who pay no tax) currently have a huge say on how Brexit is shaped. Unlike the voting public who have been told 'you had your one shot and you blew it, so we're going to make sure we profit from it... #r4today 
This should be THE political question of our time. Instead we have Brexit.  
#FBPE friends, Labour is trying to navigate the Brexit shitshow whilst remaining electable. You know "Stop Brexit" isn't going to fly. If you really want the best outcome (and you're not just a LibDem in disguise) have a cup of tea and think about it... 
Astonishing state of this, from the city where (a) Brexit is going to hit harder than anywhere in Scotland, and (b) disgraced, suspended Labour councillors are in a coalition with the Tories.  
Letter to May - signed by fantasists and Brexit bullies with a very dark agenda. @SamCoatesTimes 
That list of 62 Tory MPs is the very definition of privilege. One of the great tragedies of Brexit is that it was sold as a "revolution of the people" when actually it was a power grab by the cosetted old elite 
The idea that food & environmental standards essential to the Scottish Brand could be arbitrarily lowered by WM, post-Brexit... just destroys our recent advances. I hope legislative consent is withdrawn, & the #Indy ratchet starts clicking again. 
I always say #remainernow folk should write to MPs (& local papers) about brexit and their change of mind, but it’s also important that anyone else who thinks this is a terrible path for the country to go down, does so as well! Here is a good example   @katrussen 
"There is no evidence that Britain is changing its mind on Brexit"just uttered by Nick Robinson in #r4today interview with Jean Claude Trichet.Since when do YOU speak for Britain????OUTRAGEOUS!#BBCBias #StopBrexit #FinalSay 
Inspiring to see young people in US forcing Trump to rethink gun control & young people @OFOCBrexit fighting Brexit.It gives me hope for the future. Take note Trumpists & Brextremists “your sons and your daughters are beyond your command...the Times Are a Changing. #FinalSay 
Tory party imploding as they realise #Brexit can't be delivered. Can't say anyone is surprised. The sunlit uplands grazed by unicorns was never going to happen. 
We can't be trapped in the CFP as part of a 'Transition', or another British industry will be consigned to museum & memory when a clean Brexit should be its salvation. The EU will be free to move goal posts & cripple all our industries not just fishing.  
Less than 10% of MPs trying to hold the government to ransom over a hard brexit. The 48%+ URGENTLY need the pro-remain MPs to make themselves heard, for Labour to commit to a position, & for the Gov to reject any Brexit suggestions that will harm Britain!  
ENEMIES OF THE PEOPLE? #brexit #62Mps 
Maybe when the @bbcnews aren't too busy talking about youtube views & the girl who was in the X Factor ad, they could report on the tories DUP deal & the effect on the #GoodFridayAgreement, peace in Northern Ireland & tories lack of progress on the #brexit border issue? #r4today 
The massacre of the century is under way and inward-gazing Britain, obsessed by Brexit, barely notices a crisis we washed our hands of  
62 Tory MPs might have sent Theresa May a "hard Brexit" letter but there are 316 Conservative members of parliament. Why is she and indeed the country being held to ransom by a rump of Brextremist fanatics? #r4today 
I see your 34 ‘Briefings for Brexit’ intellectuals and I raise you over 1000 ‘Academics for Britain in Europe’ who put them to shame. (Letter in The Times)  
Like the morning after #Brexit it’s seems everyone is regretting voting @IndiaWilloughby out of the #CBB House! #CBBBOTS #CAtchup 
A group of 62 backbenchers has a ’ list of demands for exit of EU triggers'. These are Jacob Rees-Moggs' activitsts. The ransom note is a list of Hard Brexit demands that will ultimately see the rich get richer at the poor's excess... #r4today 
Remember the 'Boris Bus' that caused so much controversy during the Brexit referendum? Well, another goes on tour today. The anti-Brexit battle bus aims to prompt people to think about whether Brexit is worth it. Will it change hearts and minds?  
During the first full week of Brexit talks David Davis took part for less than an hour before returning to London. This was thought to be due to parliamentary business but records show he had a private dinner with the Daily Mail’s editor the next day.  
Brexit obsessives ready to ditch the Good Friday Agreement that stopped the killing should read this  
Jacob Rees Mogg and his ERG cronies' letter is a threat to the PM - sign up to our hard Brexit agenda or else.   The PM must reject this poorly disguised bullying and listen instead to the silent majority who want a close relationship with the EU not an acrimonious divorce #FBPE 
Today’s report that plugs different assumptions into recent Whitehall  Brexit forecast is from 2 members of @Econs4FreeTrade (Roger Bootle & Patrick Minford) & 2 independent economists not members of this group: @julianHjessop & myself.  Coverage from page 2 of today’s @CityAM 
Westminster is using Brexit to put devolution at risk. Scotland will not stand for it | John Swinney and Michael Russell  
Government’s Brexit plan will actually BOOST growth by 4 per cent, say economists  
Theresa May is under pressure from 62 of her own MPs, who've demanded a quick, clean break from the EU Here's their letter about a hard Brexit:  
Most telling part of ERG letter is the first sentence. "We are writing...to underline our support for the vision of your speech at Lancaster House a year ago." Theresa May helped create a narrative early on where the only legitimate Brexit was a hard one. You reap what you sow. 
PM must see them off, anchor Conservative Party firmly in the centre ground & lead her Cabinet to a realistic #Brexit negotiation stance ..  
They are consistent though. The entire Tory strategy in Scotland is to disassociate themselves from Brexit and pretend it’s nothing to do with them. They calculate nobody follows a select committee so they deflect with dog collars.  
Martin Wolf: After Brexit, the UK will become EU's Canada. Here are five ways how.  
Boris Johnson is still banging on about his Brexit Bridge. The egotist wants to be be at the centre of conversation - The bridge is a terrible idea, both logistically and technically. Instead why don't we #StopBrexit and fund the NHS instead... #r4today 
New analysis from @Econs4FreeTrade shows that Brexit on the basis of the PM's Lancaster House speech would boost the UK’s economy by 2-4%. Very strange the Treasury analysis didn't model the Brexit deal the Government is seeking, and is likely to achieve  
The gulf in the Conservative Party between rational moderate MPs like @heidiallen75 and the blind faith #Brexit ideologues continues to widen.May cannot continue to straddle the gap. She has to decide & the resulting split could lead to an #ExitFromBrexit 
'Show some Churchill spirit' Fishermen urge @theresa_may to take control of UK waters on Brexit day  
So excited about Friday!!  If you are in Manchester or Stockport come & say hello. Learn the true impact of #Brexit. Bring your friends & family. Everyone is welcome. #BrexitFactsBus 
UK taxpayers funded Ireland's £14bn bail-outIf Ireland try to stop #Brexit we should ask for the money back nowWe should play hardballIt is the sort of thing @realDonaldTrump would doWe need to get toughBut I won't hold my breath@theresa_may is WEAK.  
Another detailed #Brexit piece from @iandunt This one on aviationI doubt most Brexiters have ever considered this, nor will they read, or rebut it. Their blind faith Brexit will leave our aviation industry in tatters#ExitFromBrexit via @politics_co_uk 
Lord Trimble rightly rubbishes claims by EU overlords, embittered Remainders & Anti-UK extremists that Brexit will undermine Good Friday Agreement.   
Tech start-ups implement Brexit contingency plans  
The City should fear Corbyn much more than Brexit  
TONIGHT, at close of #yyccc meeting: Councillors Demong, Farkas, Chu & Magliocca submitted Q to City admin: What are the costs, timing & processes required to put forward a plebiscite or referendum on an Olympic bid?Admin will answer w/ memo at future council meeting.#yyc 
Wolf-pac is an organization working at the state level to start a referendum to call a constitutional convention to eliminate money in politics, which fixes most of these issues 
Murdoch undermines democracy in Oz, UK and US. Brexit and Trump are both results of his propaganda.He is the "Citizen Kane" of our time! 
Here’s @TidesCanada advertising to hire for the 2018 municipal elections & its campaign for electoral reform referendum: This is why @TidesCanada’s U.S. funding & the outcome of its CRA audit are important.Also: #bcpoli 
In case you missed it, a contender for the best Brexit thread ever from m'colleague @ottocrat. 
#Brexit and Lord of the Flies. A primer from a recovering English teacher.1. It starts off as quite a good analogy. Jack thinks everything will be ok "because we're British, and the British are the best at everything." 
#TPP-11 - Australia says open to UK joining Pacific trade group after #Brexit  Bizarre that the UK would want to leave the EU but join #TPP-11. #trade 
As far as i know there are only 3 Governments worldwide who think Brexit is a good idea. 1 is set upon destroying Western democracy and taking over Europe. 1 is led by a deluded fool who has no grasp on reality and the other by Trump. #StopBrexit 
Brexit: pure, unadulterated fantasy - we are not going to get the EU to accept mutual recognition of standards and the sooner we recognise that, the better. We will have to remain tied, for the time being, to the Union's harmonisation programme.  #Brexit.  
I’ve been looking for something specific about Brexit for ages. The other day I fell down a rabbit hole because my computer was going slow. I’ve just found what I was looking for. 
There is something almost magnificent about #Brexit. There are no imperial spoils to justify or redeem its exceptionalism anymore. It is the supremacism of a post-imperial age. We are leading the world now in naked irrationality. The empire finally consumes itself. 
#Melbourne: Right now in Batman we have an incredible opportunity to break bipartisan support for Adani. Will you join us this weekend to make the #BatmanByElection a referendum on coal? #StopAdani Saturday 24: Saturday 25: 
I’m sorry it’s come to this, but Brexit is bigger than any one Party, @UKLabour @jeremycorbyn @Keir_Starmer. Start supporting the 80% of pro EU LP members by opposing #Brexit, offering a 2ref or option to reject #Brexit & you’ll get my support back & countless others like me.  
A small confession and a prediction. I am an unabashed Remainer, and I also very much like Jeremy Corbyn, but think he's wrong about Brexit. A dichotomy then. Nevertheless, now that the latest smears have proven laughable, next they'll go big on his health and his age - watch. 
I don't give a shit what @jeremycorbyn did 30 years ago. What I care about is his huge failure to oppose Brexit. I care about his dishonesty now. I care that he is prepared to sell out the country and the most needy in society for his own ideological bullshit. 
Given that Russia helped to engineer Brexit to help break up the EU, and the Tories support brexit to enrich themselves, why doesn’t @UKLabour #stopbrexit ? 
How Colin Clark MP who shares a constituency with me and represents the same families, businesses, people and public services as me can think a hard Brexit is in their interests is utterly beyond me. Politics over common sense. I despair.  
Tory MPs' hard Brexit letter to May described as 'ransom note'.Group of 62 backbenchers’ list of Brexit demands triggers furious reaction from colleagues.Don’t let them hold the country to ransom.RT & let your MP know you want to #StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
The commitment include tariff quotas. 3rd countries (eg NZ, Australia, US, Brazil, etc) are concerned about the combined access to post-Brexit UK and EU27 tariff quotas. They want to negotiate with both. The talks can’t be split3/11 
The DUP may have killed the Good Friday Agreement in the past 8 days. Don't kid yourself. It's no coincidence that prominent GB Brexiteers started declaring it over in the same week. Bear in mind deep links were established between Brexiteers and the DUP during the referendum. 
The #GFA is a living document - its aim, to transition Northern Ireland from killing to peace and a functioning non sectarian society. The cavalier attitude of Brexit idiots towards our Agreement is enough to make me physically sick. 
607 days since Brexit. That's 607 days that EU citizens living here have felt insecure and unsure of their futures.607 days of making an entire section of our society feel undervalued.It's not good enough. 
Drink Brexit.See Unicorns. #FBPE 
This is a party within a party, seeking to hijack the referendum result for an extreme ideology... by hijacking the Tory party. A strong PM would tell them where to go...  
Michael Gove admits that Britain needs "thousands" of immigrant workers urgently or millions of tons of fruit and vegetables will rot in the fields. It's a whole new meaning for That Poster....My @heraldscotland column tomorrow on how farming is blocking Brexit.  
Britain FIGHTS BACK: Brexit chiefs draw up secret plans to WITHHOLD billions in EU payment  
What’s sad about our politics is nobody’s happy with the Brexit process but it’s carrying on regardless because the system is now in charge. 
For those worried about how they, their family, friends, neighbours, towns & regions will be harmed by a hard or no deal Brexit, this letter contains a list of MPs who could not give even the slightest shit about you.You are nothing to them. Collateral damage. Less than nothing  
Brexit is starting to feel a bit like Napoleon’s victory in 1812. He won! But his opponents wouldn’t accept it. Moscow was set on fire. And in the end he had to embark on a long & disastrous retreat... 
I am upset about #Brexit, but for many of us pro-Indy folk in 2014, we foresaw this coming. So it's not a real shock. I guess millions of others are just playing catch up. 
Proud to support @OFOCBrexit @Femi_Sorry @william_dry @CalumMillbank @BestForBritain Stopping Brexit: ‘The kids don’t want what’s being forced on them’  
Interesting to see here the list of swivel-eyed Tory MPs who are itching to see the nuclear Brexit button pressed on the back of some crazy dream of a return to the 1950’s. Surely there’s enough soft-walled cells in London to keep them secure?  
Bungling civil servants put WRONG data into #Brexit study!“It appears breakdown of EU talks would be POSITIVE for UK: one-off gain of £38bn on #EU budget + £180bn from non-budgetary Brexit gains + £433bn from EU tariff revenue: some £651 BILLION in all" 
A case study of a Scottish Tory politician: Failing to turn up to discuss the impact of Brexit at the Scottish Affairs Committee. Campaigning about an issue that he can’t vote for at Westminster due to EVEL, that has already been delivered in Scotland thanks to @theSNP. 
Great email! Would urge constituents of the 62 ERG Brexit zealots to do the same, as noone voted for the carnage they are seeking to unleash. #StopBrexit #WATON #FinalSay #FBPE 
Keep at it @KateHoeyMP. When you have stirred anti #brexit @Keir_Starmer up, you must be doing something right. Kate has always been one of the few decent @UKLabour MP's. Look at the replies baying for her. It sums #Labour up. 
Email sent to Henry Bellingham MP today concerning the #ERG letter. Bit more vitriolic than my last one #FBPE #Brexit  
Here is the list of Scottish Select Affair Unionist MPs who couldn't be bothered turning up to discuss the impact of Brexit on Scotland. They couldn't care less.@david_duguid @HughGaffneyMP @cajardineMP @Gedk @John2Win @PM4EastRen @DaniRowley @RossThomson_MP @cajardineMP 
How much of the obvious threat to peace, stability & democracy will it take for Labour to stop voting with the Tories & start fighting Brexit? Now it’s clear the GFA even is in danger, where is Lab’s bloody conscience? Fight this hard right coup or be remembered as enabling it. 
In summary, the PM is too weak to face down the fanatics on her own backbenches. Our country is being led head first off a cliff by these Hard Brexit ideologues. Time for PM to get a grip, and if she won't then time for Parliament to take back control from the Brexit fantasists. 
May warned - Stand up to the Brussels Bully BoysBritain cannot become simply a “ruler-taker” after 29th March 2019Letter signed by 62 Tory MPs offering “suggestions” on achieving Brexit UK voted for by Leaving #EU Customs Union & Single Market#Brexit 
The Government’s Brexit impact report has just been leaked.  
Barely believable.... Regardless how catastrophic Brexit will be for Scotland they want it as hard as possible,  
Well done the #FBPE community and the rest of the Anti Brexit movement - this fund was £35K a week ago - shows the power of our growing network. @eloisetodd @JolyonMaugham @nick_clegg @campbellclaret@nickreeves9876 @brexit_sham @ThatTimWalker @acgrayling @Anna_Soubry 
Colin Clark, a Tory MP for thousands of folk living and working in Aberdeen, is proactively campaigning for the city to be the hardest hit in the UK as a result of Brexit. Words fail.  
My family and I are all conservatives. All four of us voted conservative in 2015. But after the referendum and the hard brexit / no deal nonsense, we all abandoned them in 2017 (3 voted lib dem and 1 labour). I won't vote conservative again with the hard brexiteers in control! 
Over 35K views and near 200K impressions for Brexit Whisky Threat film -  also in Thread with more background detail and in Moments here:  
Who thinks that people undermining the peace process in Ireland to get #Brexit are traitors? RT if you think they are traitors.Like if you think they are just wankers.Nigel Farage called Northern Ireland peace process 'utterly loathsome' 
Brexit is illustrating that the EU now provides the framework of laws and regulations that keep goods and people moving. As long as the single market exists and the EU hangs together, the UK will still clearly suffer economically from leaving. 
The most fundamental thing it means is that we now know there are only 62 Brexit-before-country Tory Nationalist MPs - less than a 5th of all Tory MPs. They can & must be ignored: big majority against them even among Tory MPs & massive majority across Parliament as a whole. 
Commons’ Scottish Affairs Select Committee met today in Kirkcaldy to discuss impact of Brexit on Scotland. Only SNP members bothered to turn up - Tory member John Lamont MP posted missing: taking indifference to impacts on Borders people to a new level.  
Time for the Tory moderates to grow a pair and call the Brextremists' bluff. Up to now they've given into to every extremist threat to explode themselves and the rest of the party into smithereens. #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit  
This is important. The ERG is a party within the Tory party, with a few dozen hard Brexit Conservative MPs basically holding the PM to ransom. She lost her mandate for her Hard Brexit on June 8th 2017 but they are threatening to bring her down if she doesn't do what they say.  
Project Fear THWARTED: Civil servants put WRONG data into Brexit impact study  
The ERG seem to be playing very skillfully. 62 MPs effectively in control of gov #Brexit policy. Guessing they are good bridge players. And dreadful human beings. 
.“Ireland has a hidden weapon that COULD & SHOULD be deployed to try & avoid the worst kind of amputational Brexit - 50,000 Irish directors of British companies & the 1,200 Irish-owned businesses in Britain with a turnover of £32 billion in 2015." . 
If the implementation period is based on WTO principles, it’s not a fucking implementation period is it dickheads, it’s WTO and hard Brexit.  
Sign the petition. Stop water privatisation and let's win our referendum. Please Retweet  #OurWater #Right2Water 
NEWS: Unionist MPs slammed after Scottish Affairs Committee Brexit snub"At least two, Scottish Tory MPs Ross Thomson and David Duguid, were at an event hosted by Mr Thomson aimed at banning electric dog-collars." 
Blow for Davidson as Scots Tory MPs demand hard Brexit - Despite ALL the evidence saying it’ll be catastrophic for Scotland, three Scottish Tory MPs join Jacob Rees-Mogg in calling for extreme Brexit – even during transition  
If it wasn't for a xenophobic campaign, a hostile environment and a collapse in the pound we wouldn't have food rotting in the fields. Nor would Michael Gove be saying "we’ll need to look further afield" as EU citizens stop coming to Brexit Britain.  
Government reckon lorry checks at Dover can be done in  two minutes post Brexit. Port of Dover say even a one minute addition = a lorry queue from Dover to London. 15 seconds is maximum wait time to keep trade flowing. @JohnHowarth1958 @RCorbettMEP 
Britain must retain full regulatory autonomy and be free to sign new trade deals during any transition.- Jacob Rees-Mogg leads MPs in letter to PM Theresa May setting out their #Brexit red lines.  
BBC News - MPs set out Brexit 'suggestions' to Theresa May  So the 35 ERG have become 60 now. The Tories will tear themselves apart. 
It seems a shame that as the Tory party collapses in on itself over what was originally a low priority moot point about Europe; that it seems compelled to take the whole country down with it.#StopBrexit#FBPE#Brexit 
This is very good news. ERG forced to break cover and demand a type of Brexit that majority of Leavers did not want. Now 2 polarised types of Brexit: (1) no real change but no seat at the table and (2) an enormously destructive Brexit. Has to go to Referendum; Remain will win. 
Disgraceful. Where were the Tories, labour & Lib Dem MPs? #brexit is the single biggest issue facing Scotland’s society & economy yet only @theSNP MPs turned up 
Corbyn's right.People should be worried.People should be worried he is suggesting some form of Labour Gov' control over what the free press prints.Left Wing press + Ben Bradshaw MP made ridiculous accusations about Brexit, Tories & UKIP.Don't remember him ridiculing them?  
Proper British centre half like Cahill stops Messi there. Just like the Falklands. Brexit means Brexit. 
Here's yesterday's Times letter from the founders of the extremely promising Briefings for Brexit. We're very proud that our President Sir Richard Aikens is part of this brains trust. Well done @NigelBiggar, @BaronessDeech, @MorrisseyHelena & many others. 
All the evidence shows that an extreme Brexit will be catastrophic for Scotland ... but these Scottish Tory MPs are demanding it 
As I've been saying since 2016, the real question is if the 'non-bespoke transition' 'continued rule-taker status' and 'no FTA by March 2019,' realisation in hard-Brexit faction, leads to the no-deal trigger. At minimum, it sets the stage for the 'great betrayal' narrative.  
The 62 hard-right Brexiteers of the ERG applying pressure to the PM for a non-transition, No Deal Brexit.The exact pressure my source from the @Byline_Media media article on May and no deal highlighted - saying internal government comms indicate a capitulation to this shortly. 
“To go crashing into the City of London at a time of Brexit, is close to insanity” - veteran City commentator David Buik said of Corbyn’s economic plansThe City underpins 2.2 million jobs, bringing in £72 billion for public services such as the NHS#TeamTory #FitForTheFuture 
B. Johnson either utterly clueless or lying through his teeth. Another task after #Brexit will be to ensure that such charlatans can never again, or at least for a decade or two, pollute the upper reaches of our politics. #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit  
The Brexit equation is getting simpler by the day.Brexit + Mad Max ÷ Unicorns = Losing your job, losing your family, losing your world, yet still insisting it was worth it to regain the sovereignty you never lost.  
UK will 'have to have a customs union' post-Brexit, says Corbyn in further evidence of nudge towards a soft Brexit  
"Most businesses here don’t trade internationally, but they are still bound up in the red tape that comes with the EU. That is not Mad-Max dystopia, it’s being free of red tape that is totally irrelevant." #Brexit  
Climate change deniers : Earth has seen high temperatures in the past, therefore there is no human caused climate changeBrexiters : Retails companies have failed in recent years before Brexit so Brexit is not responsible for any company failing now 
@jeremycorbyn @UKLabour @Labour4EU John from Glasgow asks - ‘Jeremey I know you are reluctant to say anything about #brexit normally - but it is starting to get a bit concerning now that ill informed Tory MPs are trying to undermine peace in Ireland. Anything  you want to say?’  
So where, when the Brexit dust has settled, will the UK end up? It will become Canada. Martin Wolf explains:  
Theresa May has been warned Britain cannot become simply a “ruler-taker” after #Brexit, in a letter signed by 62 Tory MPs including Jacob Rees-Mogg this week.  
2. hard to overstate how disgusted decent people are at likes of @KateHoeyMP @DanielJHannan @OwenPaterson undermining GFA cos of Brexit zeal 
“Corbynistas aren’t radical. If they saw a swarm of working-class people coming to overthrow the establishment they’d have a nervous breakdown. In fact they did, after Brexit, remember?”Brendan O’Neill on the secret about Corbynistas: they’re boring 
At Vienna Airport - brexit never far away - Britain to be added to this list, though after transition, I’d assume...  
Interesting - not least because 3 Scottish Tory MPs are so ideologically fixated that they sign up to support a type of extreme #Brexit  that would devastate their constituencies and impoverish their constituents  
62 Brexiteers send demands to PMThe #ERG of hard-line Brexit MPs has written to Theresa May setting out their red lines – and it is signed by enough Conservatives to force a leadership challenge.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Memorise the list people.. 62 treacherous Ideologues, happy to see this country and its economy tank.. So selfish, so dangerous! #Brexit  
And this is how #Brexit will play out. Theresa May will say Britain can’t deal with the “bullying EU”.She announces “no deal”.She wins the support of hard Brexiters & right wing media who portray her as some sort of Boudica heroine.Brexit voters lap it up.  
1. Theresa May is being told by over 60 Tory MPs they will no longer support her brexit plans if members of the cabinet agree on Thursday to keep Britain too closely aligned to the European Union. 
After 2450 miles around the EU, meeting people at 11 different venues, in four different countries, over 11 days there is only one conclusion. Brexit is absolutely insane on every single level. I am leaving the UK. 
2016: brexit will bring freedom and prosperity for all2017: shut up we got this2018: it won't be as bad as mad max2019: do you like your grandma fried or roasted 
The Irish border has aged a lot better  than that tweet by Daniel Hannan. Rather like Trump, you can find a tweet saying the opposite. Whatever is convenient to the current lie. What is an anagram of ‘Brexit is lies’? Answer: Brexit is lies. #StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON 
Brexit 2016 — no downsides only considerable up sides with 360 million free busses a week for the NHSBrexit, 2017 —- strong and stable, titanic jobs first, cake and eat it red white and blue wonderland with innovative jams Brexit 2018 —- Mad Max uinicorn dystopia 
"Global Britain" and "Great Trading Nation" - like so much of Brexit, the details no one bothered with get in the way of the make believe. Exports like cars risk tariffs in trade deals as they don't have enough British bits to be classed "Made in Britain" 
Currently the creation of wards is decided by councils. Māori wards however have to be put out to referendum - a double standard that “Hobson’s Pledge” is using to block new Maori Wards. Ugh. We’re pushing to strip this discriminatory clause from the books. 
So Brexit has now morphed from a strong and stable, jobs first, cake and eat it wonderland into Mad Max on a uinicorn.And that's the GOOD news.Bag it, Bin it, Brex it.#FBPE 
62 MPs bullying there way to Brexit. I make that just 10% of MPs is that democracy? 
Young Remainers unwilling to vote #LibDem because of tuition fees, should note that fighting the last war seldom produces good results. #StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
'Brexit facts' bus set to roll into High Wycombe on Monday, February 26 The 'Brexit - Is it worth it' bus will reach the town on February 26 at 5pm and will stop off at the Wycombe Swan theatre for an event with different speakers..#StopBrexit #FBPE 
A truly fascinating clip in all kinds of respects. Enoch Powell on night of 1975 Referendum saying it was for parliament not the people to decide, that the people had made the wrong decision and, btw, that the 'stay in' campaign had been clear EEC wasn't just a trade bloc.  
One reason people voted for Brexit was fear of terrorism. Leave campaign exaggerated threat of Islamic terrorism to suit their agenda. In reality we’re relatively safe in UK now compared to during Troubles, but Brexit border issues could reignite the violence. #WeNeedTheGFA 
I knew Kevin was Pro Brexit but now he's trying to make a swastika out of his leftover food  
I will not name which ones, for that may compromise them, but a number of EU member states are awaiting confirmation of UK post-Brexit success before making a move toward the exit door themselves. 
I know people who were led to believe that the EU stopped us protecting ourselves from the threat of terrorism: and now Brexit is threatening the situation in NI - the source of the worst terrorism this country has ever faced. More lies; more betrayal; more damage. 
Britain was a global success story in aviation. Now Brexit threatens to put it in special measures  
What the Good Friday Agreement is: An agreement between different people on the island of Ireland, that has enabled children to grow up in peace What the Good Friday Agreement is NOT: Something that can be undone by hard Brexit extremist Tory MPs to enable their scam 
The word "Uncertainty" killed the Remain campaign. Saying Brexit would cause uncertainty allowed the leave camp to say Brexit could mean anything: Single Market access, 350MNHS, straighter bananas, you name it.Now we'll have terms. A 2018/2019 vote would have real substance. 
Well. 62 Tory MPs sign ERG letter to PM, sent in last Friday that seeks to “share some suggestions” about how post Brexit UK operates trade  
The LADYBIRD BOOK of MAD MAX #BREXIT  
62 English tory MPs holding the country to ransom with their demands on May for a hard #Brexit despite all the evidence that shows it is a bad idea.Electorate now say stay in CU and SM. But hey this is posh boy democracy. 
Your daily reminder that there are NO practical benefits to Brexit.None.Zilch.Nada.Not a single one.#FBPE 
Here’s full text of the ERG letter to the PM demanding full Brexit obtained by @SamCoatesTimes 
Genuinely shocking. Westminster Scottish committee meeting to discuss Brexit impact on Scotland. Not one Labour Tory or Lib Dem MP attends  
Farming boss says availability of workers to pick fruit and vegetables now ‘mission critical for 2018’ & that farmers would have ‘look further afield’ if we Brexit. So Leave voters being conned about fewer  migrants, will just come from outside EU instead!  
Only SNP MPs bother to turn up as Westminster committee probes impact of Brexit 
Belfast pub 'The Spaniard' to be deported after Brexit -  #NiNews 
Given everything that’s been said about Russian collusion and Brexit, how can it be that the BBC didn’t cover the @jeremycorbyn story on their website? #FarageOnLBC 
Involving @theSNP in #brexit discussions is like inviting Guy Fawkes for supper at the Houses of Parliament. Scot Nats want to break-up Britain, they're 5th columnists and only a minority in Scotland.  
Labour MP Kate Hoey: "“there is a need for a cold, rational look” at the historic Belfast accord..."Even though it was overwhelmingly endorsed by a referendum? I see...so can we have the same for Brexit, then?  
Myself & @PeterGrantMP were delighted to meet with Franco-British parliamentary friendship group @CommonsEUexit. French parliamentarians keen to hear from @theSNP about majority in Scotland for #Remain, impact of #Brexit in Scotland & #ScotlandsPlaceInEurope 
But but ...Muh Brexit apocalypse?  
We now know this is the 'give the politicians a big blank cheque on abortion' referendum. 
- Girls' Education- Illegal Wildlife Crime- Ocean Conservation- Brexit- Rohingya Crisis- Syria- North KoreaThe Foreign Office Ministerial team update the House on Britain's diplomatic and foreign policy activity  
The Guardian view on the shrinking vision for Brexit: unloveable to all | Editorial  
Air travel is screwed. Car manufacturing is screwed. Lorries going onto the continent are screwed. Farmers are screwed. It would be quicker to list the industries that are NOT screwed by Brexit. 
Brexit means...Taking back what we never lost to lose what we currently have. 
It showed an astounding lack of detail and understanding in relation to #Brexit realities. We’re still in the dark on the gvt.s plan to tackle the Irish border which is key to his brief as Foreign Secretary and crucial to the future of our nation. 
.@borisjohnson is completely deluded about Brexit. His speech last week wasn’t about the most important issue facing our country right now, it was about his ambition to become the next Prime Minister, and it probably wasn’t much help on that front either. 
The Irish peace process cannot be a victim of the #brexit cult.  #WeNeedTheGFA Sooner these brexit charlatans take responsibility for this absolute clusterf*ck the better.  Of course, that would require integrity.  Sadly lacking in any of them.  
I'm a maths guyThe democratic legitimacy of an action is based on the extent to which it represents the will of the peopleBy 2021 the UK population will be one that voted RemainBrexit = 2019.2 years of legitimacy vs 59 years (80-21) where it's notBrexit = 96.7% undemocratic 
As a young person with many young peers, we are much happier going into brexit with a labour leadership than a Tory one. I highly doubt the young would switch to a group as half arsed on tuition fees and the environment as the Tories. 
‘Tory! Tory! he cried as he walked away, backing the Labour leadership to deliver a Tory Brexit  
Direct Rule cannot be brought in as the power to do so was removed under St Andrews Agreement, the BG can only do so if it breaches an International agreement against the will of the IG. Is that something they would do in the middle of Brexit negotiations? 
This is an outstanding fact-based analysis of Theresa May's Brexit bargaining position by @StevePeers  
The ‘Brexit dividend’ doesn’t exist. That 0.5% GDP of net contribution has already been burned by fallen £, extra civ service, customs costs, dropped inward investment & economic slowdown from top of G7 to bottom in growth rate... Brexit is a magic money bonfire.  
Trade unions aren’t crying wolf. We have serious concerns about what Brexit will do to workers rights that came from the EU.  
@ITVCentral Jaguar Land Rover says it can't give assurances that it can compete successfully in the future after Brexit. Documents filed in US seen by ITV News contain stark warnings. More at 6 
Everything that’s happened with Brexit since the referendum could have been foreseen at that point  - getting a terrible deal, jeopardising the Good Friday agreement, becoming an international laughing stock - everything 
So Zoe @ZoeJardiniere catches @danieljhannan in a web of confusions/misrepresentations about his attitude to GFA & referendum, so as usual he deletes his embarrassing tweets..  
Intellectuals who support Brexit are the latest victims of the thought police  
Dear Leavers,If you thought Brexit meant fewer immigrants, you're wrong. Leading Brexit minister accepts we'll need just as many in future, but from "further afield".They lied to you. I'm really sorry. It must feel horrible to be victim of a con. 
The whole Brexit defence - such as it is - requires us to suspend the following:Our powers of reasonWhat we  have learned so far in our livesOur ability to distinguish truth from fictionOur compassion Our preference to be collegiate and welcoming  
Corbyn: “We have to have access to European markets, we have to have a customs union that makes sure we can continue that trade, particularly between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland. That is key to it.”Is the Brexit penny finally dropping? 
'Time running out' on Brexit deal warns Scottish Government | The National  
Almost 90% of Tory Brexiteers think that the collapse of the Northern Ireland peace process would be acceptable collateral damage on the way to a clean Brexit92% think Brexit must be achieved even at the cost of independence for Scotland 
Growth in the UK fashion industry was 6% a year until 2016. Uncertainties around #Brexit has reduced this to 1.6%. Further trade barriers to the EU will damage the industry. We must stay in the single market and customs union or face severe economic impacts nationwide! 
Brexit bashing is just another form of bigotry writes @MelanieLatest  
Dutch government activates 'hard Brexit' plan blaming 'a lack of clarity' from the UK750 new customs officers to immediate recruiting, training, tendering of contracts, and organising of housing, it takes between 9 and 22 months to train them 
Leavers are you paying attention, #Brexit may have been about immigration for you, but for the brexiters leading the campaign they don't care how many or where we get our immigrants from. It's about destroying workers and environmental protections. To cut costs.#FBPE #StopBrexit 
The people below find the Good Friday Agreement inconvenient.Happy to risk anyone and anything.Hard BrexitSoft Brexit Let’s not have Bloody Brexit.#WeNeedTheGFA 
Obviously Brexit will not plunge Britain into a Mad Max dystopia. It will plunge Britain into a Mad Max dystopia where it also rains all the time. 
Brexit latest: After voting for something that will create a lack of migrant workers, farmers have raised concerns about the lack of migrant workers. 
Unacceptable that David Davis has ruled out a full 'Mad Max' Brexit. People knew what they were voting for. 
If peace in NI doesn't matter to brexists, I honestly don't know what does. Brexit is an ideology in itself, Brexit at any cost.#WeNeedTheGFA#StopBrexit 
People who voted #Brexit'didn't know our economic growth would go down'Julia Hartley-Brewer"It’s NOT gone down. Our economy been GROWING""I’m looking at what BofE says, what IMF says'JH-B:"All their predictions have been wrong so far though!"#EU 
Jeremy Corbyn: The Tories’ approach to Brexit is threatening to turn our skills crisis into a catastrophe.Labour has said from the start; we would give an unconditional guarantee to EU citizens of their right to stay in the UK.#EEF2018 #PMQS #PCPEU #WATON #FBPE 
Here we go, predictability the far right already blaming Sinn Féin not the corrupt bigots in the DUP who are propping up the corrupt bigots in the Tory Party. Both wanting to torpedo peace in Ireland on the altar of Brexit.  
Another act from Westminster (thanks to @Peston for the update) leads to more pressure on the peace agreement. Where was this scenario in your plans for Brexit @UKParliament? #WeNeedTheGFA @BillClinton @UKLabour @vincecable @CarolineLucas @NicolaSturgeon @LeanneWood Pls RT NOW 
£1bn Tory power bribe to the DUP.Brexit - Irish hard border concerns. Hard Brexiters seek to undermine the Good Friday Agreement.Direct rule by DUP-controlled Tory government.This isn’t going to end well for Northern Ireland. 
What *are* Remoaners on about? Brexit opens up *loads* of opportunities for British business. Barbed wire fence manufacturers, breeders of snarling Alsations, producers of "Stay Away!" signs and people like that. Peaked cap makers. 
The Good Friday Agreement was signed 6 days before my 12th birthday. I can still remember the sheer joy from all the adults that peace in Ireland had finally been agreed.Now Brexit threatens to destroy that so the rich can escape EU tax laws. Callous insanity.#WeNeedTheGFA 
Just back from viewing the Tory Government’s Brexit analysis papers in Parliament. Whatever the deal the UK reaches, Scotland is going to be severely and disproportionately worse off. No deal is not an option, and the Tories should be ashamed for leading us off this cliff edge.  
Things I did this morning. 1- Drunk 4 Cans of Carling2- Slapped the wife.3- Demanded a Full English.4- Shouted Brexit means Brexit Out the window.5- Sent a Muslim back to indieea.@BarryStantonGB thoughts?#BrexitMeansBrexit #MakeBritainGreatAgian 
One of the biggest opportunities post Brexit is getting rid of crazy red tape like the 3 crop rule. Will increase amount of #GreatBritishFood being produced. #yum 
WATCH: Hartley-Brewer LAUGHS at anti-Brexit party founder as she RIDICULES EVERY argument  
David Davis lead the charge opposing the Working Time Directive when it was introduced, but now wonders why people don't trust the government to protect their rights at work after Brexit. His record speaks for itself.  
This really made me laugh earlier. Arlene Foster telling us ‘The Northern Ireland people deserve better’. From the woman whose party DUP is continually involved in financial scandals, supported Brexit against NI’s best interests & deny equal rights to LGBT’s, women & the Irish. 
.@theresa_may has continually dithered and showed indecisiveness throughout #Brexit negotiations.  Surely it is time for her finally to outline some clarity and stop damaging the UK.  She is paralysed by divisions. 
Funny thing about aviation: it single-handedly puts the lie to the Brexit idea that there is no single market in services. 
The aviation cliff edge: Brexit threatens short term chaos and long term decline for airlines  
The EU is as stubborn and bullying as before. If it has its way, we'll Brexit in name only  
They won’t, they are leaving. Because of that thing you’ve had absolutely nothing to say about. You know, the massive, looming economic catastrophe of Brexit.  
Brexit 'will not change kind of country Britain is', vows David Davis. Then, for crying out loud, why are we paying £50 billion and losing our freedom of movement for no change?   
Britain’s fall to oblivion in three sound bites:“Take Back Control”“Brexit Means Brexit”“It won’t be as bad as Mad Max” 
Oh I see, it's one of those Brexit speeches which is basically a long case for Remain. 
We follow the Dear Brexit Coordinator to glory and £350 million a week! #GreatLeapBackward 
A remarkable article about the UK Govt’s shambolic handling of  #Brexit. Interesting to see senior civil servants warned @theresa_may against premature triggering of #Article50 @AlexSalmond has always said this was an enormous mistake 
Brexit in full swing as my local Tesco rip out the World Foods section.  
BREAKING: EU on verge of financial collapse as Netherlands says NO to new budget demands  via @Your Brexit 
Here's a summary of the Road to Brexit speeches made so far.Johnson - ridiculed as piffleMay - ignored, even by #MarrDavis - Brexit ≠ Mad MaxIf you missed them, be thankful.#Brexism 
Stopping Brexit: ‘The kids don’t want what’s being forced on them’  The rest of us aren't too keen either. 
From Brexiters saying there will be no downside to #Brexit to seeing investment in the car industry down by >500 million,the pound at record lows against the dollar,the catastrophic effects of #Brexit will only worsen. It's only right that a deal must be signed off by the people!  
I'm just spoke in the #Seanad about the #Hinkley public consultation, and the Irish government totally losing it's voice on #nuclear issues. With Brexit and new nuclear on the way, it's time to find it again.Get involved yourself; have your voice heard 
The City will be key to securing jobs and growth post BrexitAnd only the @Conservatives will stop Corbyn and anti-business Labour from crashing the Square mile which powers £72bn of Government spending on key public services.#YouCantTrustLabour 
Hugely impressed by David Davis's vision for post Brexit future.  
"UK Brexit won't be like Mad Max" says David Davis. He's absolutely right. Mad Max made a profit 
UK insists EU to have custody of Farage at weekends in Brexit divorce settlement 
Inspired by Macron, a new anti brexit centre party is launched.  #FBPE 
Three of our co-founders, @william_dry @lara_spirit and @CalumMillbank, after chatting about education and Brexit on R4s Analysis podcast this afternoon  
No thanks, David Davis.You promised that “Brexit has no downside. Only considerable upside”.And now you’re talking about a “Mad Max dystopia”.We need to #StopBrexit. 
Now Boris Johnson is claiming there will be a "great swollen, throbbing, umbilicus of trade" between the UK and EU after Brexit  
I once needed to travel for an abortion. That cat is long out of the bag and on the record. For professional reasons, until the referendum is over, I can't express personal opinions or accept invitations to speak on #repealthe8th  @IrishTimesLife 
As we are preparing for Biafra Referendum also prepare your minds for self defense. 
BBC journo succinctly makes case for second Scottish independence referendum   
‘From Canada to Japan, never mind the EU itself, it is hard to think of one friendly government that welcomes Brexit’ @FT 
Ronaldo and Messi probably have a greater understanding of Brexit than these two buffoons.  
Could you please also report that British taxpayers have been paying for this inhumane treatment of animals with EU Bullfighting grants/funding (our money). I won't mention the disgraceful EUs Inhumane transportation of cattle. Thank god we're leaving #BREXIT #skypapers 
If we do get a clean Brexit I want tthe job checking German cars at UK customs. I'll need a day and half per car for my thorough checking standards so I suggest you all cancel your Mercedes orders and buy a Jaguar instead, as delivery of a new krautmobile may be slightly delayed. 
I’m no fan of Corbyn, but it’s nonsense to suggest that he was working for Czechoslovakia in the 80’s. We should be focusing on his (and May’s) current Brexit position, which is more in the interests of Putin, than it is the British people.  
Farmers to be paid for better animal care after Brexit says Gove  
.@DavidDavisMP claims the Govt will keep Britain's high standards after #Brexit - but we're not convinced. We've been working with experts to figure out what the EU Withdrawal Bill means for all our rights. Check out our report:  
Today is the final day of London Fashion Week. The fashion industry alone generates £28 billion annually and a hard Brexit will damage this thriving and flourishing industry.  
"Brexit will not plunge us into a Mad Max dystopia""I made no such pledge" [about £350m for the NHS]- @DavidDavisMP, 2018Stock up on guzzolene, folks. 
Summary:1. Brexit is - literally - worse than Hitler.2. After all, at least Hitler favoured Our United Europe.3. [Note to Editor: Will this do? Can't think of anything else to say! - J.B. Oh, no problem, James! No-one will read it anyway! - Editor.]4. That's all, folks!  
Do the Tories think they can just ignore the views of Scotland on Brexit? I have an article in Prospect magazine on this very topic.  
"Mr Davis! What's the government's strategy?""I'm glad you asked. Brexit will be a great opportunity. There'll be challenges, but civilisation will probably survive. Besides, Skynet isn't fully sentient yet. In summary, apes are absolutely not taking over the Earth.""...k." 
#NFU18  Such lies . What impact will leaving the EU Single Market have on livestock and meat exports? Hill Farmers to be badly hit!#Brexit is bonkers  
People seem to have forgotten how awful it was during 'the troubles'.  I was in London, you never knew when the next bomb would go off & transport was disrupted on a daily basis. Are we really going to allow Brexit to  jeopardise the peace?  
Um... If Brits are calling the police because KFC ran out of chicken for a couple of days, how's are people going to handle post-brexit border delays & disruptions given that something like 25% of food imports come from the EU27?  
The Dutch government has linked its decision to activate what it refers to as a "hard Brexit" plan for customs to "divisions within the British Conservative Party" and a "remaining lack of clarity" from the UK   
Unlike Best for Britain, the group trying to overthrow the referendum result, #BriefingsforBrexit has no backing from billionaires, foreign or otherwise. It is entirely independent, funded by the academics themselves. 
If your best argument against independence is that it's just as bad as Brexit then you've already lost. If it's just as bad as Brexit then why not make the decisions for ourselves since we're getting Brexit whether we voted for it or not.  
Life cycle of a Brexit News Story:CC: @nick_gutteridge @adampayne26 @AdamBienkov 
There's no debate, Seamy. It's an international agreement. The British taoiseach reaffirmed the UK's backing of it this week.It's just you, Jim, and the other Leave wingnuts who want it gone cos you realise that it either ruins Brexit, or fucks the union. 
#BritNat separatist Tory Minister  confirms it is an England  “Anglo Saxon” #Brexit  -“They fear that Brexit could lead to an Anglo-Saxon race to the bottom”  
#MichaelGove also added under his breath that politicians will be paid more money after #brexit for taking less care of the needs of  citizens.  
Was just on @BBCNews to discuss the today’s speech by the Brexit Secretary  
Michael Gove says David Davis and Boris Johnson are the 'Ronaldo and Messi' of Brexit.  
Great to meet @Alewin7 from @Remain_Labour. Labour members are organising against Brexit. To do your bit, sign up here:  
Brexit will be better than Mad Max. This is the benchmark we're setting ourselves.  
Faisal Islam of Sky is onto this week's real story: DUP & the Tory right seeking to end the Good Friday Agreement as part of Brexit. I doubt Mr Farage will raise it in his 32nd appearance on BBC Question Time.  
Each ‘Road to Brexit’ speech is just another bit of pantomime to distract you from the fact that this government does not have a plan. 
The only positive about this Corbyn Stasi frenzy: It forces the Brexit papers to mention Germany in a context that is more recent than World War Two.Whatever it takes.  
Given that your boss can't be found for love nor money to give an interview on the leaked #Brexit analysis or bigots in your party, I really don't think you're in a place to accuse others of "hiding". 
MUST-WATCH: David Davis claimed today that Brexit won't be a 'race to the bottom' for workers' rights - but where could people have got the idea that Brextremists might want to scrap European regulations?Please RT so everybody knows the real agenda of the Brextremists:  
Britain's farming industry generates $125 billion a year and employs one in 8 people in the country – but it's been losing workers since the Brexit vote  
Good meeting today w/ @NorwayMFA Ine Marie Eriksen Søreide for update on #Brexit negotiations. Discussed wide range of issues on UK's withdrawal from Single Market & the question of citizens’ rights, incl. Norwegian citizens. Strong common commitment to safeguarding EEA model  
Brussels claims Brexit could give the British cancer  
I spent most of my lunch fondly imagining there is a secret civil service Brexit briefing that looks like this  
David Davis+Brexit = Mad Max@BestForBritain#NoBrexit 
My wife was in a nearby shop when the Warrington bomb went off ... yet her father believes the end of the GFA is a price worth paying for Brexit.Unfathomable. 
NEW ON OUR BLOG: How will Brexit impact the arts and culture sector? Simon Mellor, our Deputy Chief Executive, art and culture, discusses the findings of our new report  
#LoveYourPetDayPoor #EUsuperwolf is has been tirelessly fighting #Brexit to save her #EUPetpassportPlease show her some love  and support her campaign to #StopBrexit#StopBrexitSaveBritain#FBPE #Remain 
Summary of Boris and Theresa’s Brexit speeches by @StevePeers  
I see the government’s still going with speeches by proven liars to reassure Remainers about Brexit.  
Mad Max Brexit was on the ballot paper  
'Punishing' UK in Brexit talks would backfire on EU, France admits  
A bit like Brexit then, but less harmful to the nation. 
Jamie Oliver's restaurants are not doing badly because of Brexit. Jamie Oliver's restaurants are doing badly because the food is awful.  
Remainers are almost certainly the majority in Britain now. But we are totally ignored and often treated with contempt by the leaderships of both main parties.Thus far in post-referendum #Brexit politics our democracy has all but completely failed.#StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON 
The Brexiter attack on the Good Friday agreement is quite breathtaking in its cynicism. Hoey claiming her objections are to do with failures of powersharing; Hannan and the Telegraph writing about it without even mentioning Brexit at all. Do they think we're stupid? 
Exactly. And the point of Brexit is...?  
#Brexit Britain - A country hijacked by ideological MPs. They may wear suit & ties, but underneath beats the hearts of far right extremists!  
David Davis: Brexit will not plunge Britain into a "Mad Max dystopia".#wato 
'Catalonia: Spain on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown': @ARTEen 's documentary on the Oct 1 referendum will be shown at Geneva's Human Rights Film Festival (9-18/03/2018).  
I’m starting to get an ever-so-slight, incy-wincy feeling Brexit might not be the best idea. Retweet if you are starting to get it too. 
The chief Brexit negotiator was saying "Brexit has no downside. Only considerable upside." Now it's "You're probably not going to be strapped to the front of a Brexit car by cannibals." I think I'll #Remain thanks. #FBPE#WATON#MadMaxBrexit 
There are quite a few of us anti-Brexit campaigners who are not so young but just as full of passion. Careful with those generalisations.  
Your daily reminder that "taking back control of our waters" after Brexit means that British fishermen will have the exclusive right to catch the type of fish that British consumers don't eat.(Because the fish we DO like are caught elsewhere)#StopBrexit 
Anti-Brexit Lords get £500k in EU pensions a year and can't criticise Brussels  
This is quite true. Brexit hasn't changed the kind of country Britain is. It has simply revealed it. It has put the point beyond any dispute by even those whose case previously rested on an imagined vision of a Britain that never was and never could be.  
Sadiq Khan hopes to use the votes of the 3 million EU citizens in Britain to force a soft Brexit! This is an unacceptable affront to the wishes of the 17.4 million Leave voters! 
Fantastic session this morning in Kirkcaldy. Hearing from people whose lives are directly impacted by Brexit.  
David Davis "Every government has a responsibility to plan for all outcomes"This from the government that called a referendum with zero plans for a Leave victory.This from the government that brought you "Schrodinger's Impact Assessments"  
'KFC out of chicken' is the kind of thing you'd expect to see in an opening montage of a dystopian film about post Brexit. #KFCCrisis 
Genuinely starstruck, just met the "STOP BREXIT!" man  
Please don't forget our citizens' rights in your Brexit negotiations. What good is unity if citizens feel abandoned?  
Redwood: A good Brexit trade deal is "massively in their interest. Germany sells us so much, and I can’t really believe the Germans want to end up paying tariffs and facing other barriers on all their exports to us."  
How do they expect us to trust them when they claim, as David Davis did today, that Brexit won't mean watering down workers protections and healthcare when their record says the exact opposite? 5/5 
Eu students owe the British taxpayer £592 million another abuse which should come to an end after Brexit 
Anti-Brexit Lords get £500k in EU pensions a year and can't criticise Brussels . Let's spread this far and wide! 
Maplin latest victim of #Brexit. 200+ stores & 2.5k staff face axe & insolvency. CEO says Brexit increased costs by 15%. This is real ppl losing out not #ProjectFear. Leavers driven by ideology not logic means others pay the real cost. We must reverse this foolish decision #FBPE 
Note: it takes months to a year to train a customs inspector. Brexit is due to happen in 12 months' time. UK isn't hiring new customs inspectors.So either the govt. intends to cancel Brexit, or foreign trade and travel is going to grind to a halt in March 2019. 
One of the sons of Rick Stein on #LBC at the moment talking about Jamie Oliver's restaurants going into administration ignoring the fact that he lost multiple restaurants under the same circumstances BEFORE the Brexit vote. Taking time to have a dig at Brexit and the Daily Mail. 
For God Sake man - get on and run London properly.  Leave the grown up politics of BREXIT to the Government. Our beautiful city is a tip! No housing, CRIME up and unstaisfactory public transport! 
Scottish food industry to be ‘devastated’ by hard Brexit  
Dutch government activates 'hard Brexit' plan and blame 'a lack of clarity' from the UK:  
A free market conservative wants Brexit for competitive advantage. The problem is we don't have a Conservative Party. 
Balmoral Knitwear has gone bust with 42 people losing their jobs. This was because of sterling fluctuations caused by Brexit.Your party caused that @DeanLockhartMSP. That's on your hands. Your party controls most macroeconomic levers in Westminster. 
Here's the truth about #Brexit. We have been warned Via @spaceangel1964 
Brexiters 2016: Don't worry, Brexit will mean a bright, new, sunny future for everybody.Brexiters 2018: Don't worry, Brexit won't mean gangs of mad punk rockers armed to the teeth killing and raping everybody. 
David Davis, before we voted: “There will be no downside to Brexit at all”David Davis, after we voted: “Brexit Britain will not be like Mad Max”#BrexitDystopia #StopBrexit #FBPE 
It is staggering to see how Tory supporters have moved from traditional Tory unionism to a narrow & irresponsible English nationalism. It shows the problems faced by reasonable Tory MPs and suggests that Tory #Brexit supporters are unlikely to be persuaded by reasons and facts /2 
#bbcdp That idiot Chuka the bottler Umunna on talk his usual nonsense !!!! On everyday TV  and Radio  trying to derail Brexit non stop. Get it through your thick skull  we’re leaving the EU. No ones listening to Chuka Umunna. Had your chance Labour leader bottled it. 
'Voices of Brexit' - A sheep farmer, a stockbroker, a radio presenter: #AFP spoke to 15 people across Europe whose careers are already impacted by Brexit more than a year before Britain’s departure date:  
Another stone I unravelled is the music retail industry will be screwed, we currently can’t sell anything made of rosewood outside of Europe without a licence (most guitars for instance) post Brexit, we’re screwed. 
The Brexitters have now gone from "Brexit will be great" and then "It won't be that bad" to "it won't be a TOTAL apocalypse".  Where next?#Brexit #StopBrexit #DavidDavis #Remain #Brexitshambles #EU #FBPE #ABTV #WATON #MadMax #MadMaxBrexit 
Almost 90% of Tory Leavers think that the collapse of the Northern Ireland peace process would be acceptable collateral damage on the way to a clean #Brexit, and 92% think Scottish independence would be a price worth paying. #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit/1  
If the Brexit you are supporting means we don't have bankers the question is kind of academic.  
It says a great deal that Dan Hannan is often cited as one of the Brexit lobby's "intellectuals".  
Been working on that bad boy for ages, so do check it out. Shld tell you everything you need to know about Brexit & aviation. Spoiler: not a happy ending. 
Back in the real world, here's a piece on the aviation cliff-edge & how Brexit is sabotaging a UK success story  
Good Friday Agreement 1998 was supported by referendum in Northern Ireland. The result was 71.1% in favour. A simultaneous referendum held in the Rep of Ireland produced an even larger majority (94.4%) in favour - today Irish and British Govts remain absolutely committed to GFA 
Those who are actually doing the job are very concerned  about negative impact of #Brexit  & the chronic lack of information from @GovUK as I heard yesterday .....Brexit's impact on creel fishing industry 'catastrophic' with no trade deal | The National  
"I don’t want to do any cherry picking. I’m entirely happy to continue trading with the EU on WTO terms" - EFT Adviser and former Brexit Minister @DavidJonesMP  
Young people of ALL backgrounds don't want Brexit. Please listen. 
‘The Good Friday agreement, which is to say, the entire Northern Irish peace process, complicates and even threatens Brexit. This being so, it is obvious that the fault lies with the Belfast agreement, not with Brexit’  
If Brexit is like any film, it ain't Mad Max. It's Jaws: There's a terrible danger approaching, the town is run by an idiot, and, famously, we're gonna need a bigger vote. 
After searching I have yet to find anyone who thought that a post Brexit Britain would resemble a Mad Max film. Have you found any @mrjamesob ? 
"Road to Brexit"#StopBrexit #FBPE #SKZCartoonsMailing list and book available at: ! 
If child labour laws stood in the way of Brexit, you'd see right-wing newspaper columns called The Surprising Benefits of Working in Chimneys. 
It is this kind of stubborn, uncompromising thinking that led to 30 years of violence. As with Europe, peace in in Northern Ireland requires compromise. Unfortunately compromise is something the #Brexit mentality finds hard to grasp.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
An extreme #Brexit means heavy job losses.  @UKLabour must support the Lib Dems and other MPs fighting against this government’s decision to take the UK out of the single market and customs union. 
Nearly every day I come on here, write a furious tweet about Brexit, and then delete it because it doesn't even come close to articulating the foot-shooting, nose-cutting, chip-pissing stupidity of it all. 
Yes, it's horrific that senior Tories are discrediting the peace process to push through a Hard Brexit but at least they're only doing it so they can dismantle public services, increase racial tensions, destroy the environment and annihilate the economy. 
UK’s farming to thrive outside EU: Gove pledges post-Brexit cash fund for higher standards  
"Brexit will cause more austerity" is an argument which absolutely depends on the idea that the austerity we've had thus far was, actually, necessary and economically valid.That's not true. 
Tried and tested processes can ensure frictionless trade across the Irish border post-Brexit  via @BrexitCentral 
“Where do I sign up to join them?” Readers react to the launch of @Renew_Britain - a new anti-Brexit political party.  
David Davis has said that Britain will not be "plunged into a Mad Max-style world" after it leaves the EU. The Brexit Impact Reports suggest that it will be dystopian time. Look forward to more Tory 1984-style #Newspeak on their #BrexitShambles #StopBrexit 
It's a coalition of generations that will stop Brexit. But it is the voice of the young-those who will most clearly have their rights & freedoms removed by a Brexit for which they did not vote-that most need to be heard right now.Well done @OFOCBrexit for providing that voice! 
.@DavidDavisMP: Brexit will inevitably change the way EU companies do business. It has to if we are to make good on the referendum result & carve a path for Britain to strike its own trade deals, its own immigration policy & make our courts sovereign.  
Brexit will result in 'race to the top in global standards' and not 'Mad Max-style' dystopian future, says David Davis 
The first post Brexit cabinet meeting #MadMax #Brexit  
if anything the film that brexit should be compared to is the phantom menace. It's all about trade deals that no one understands, the plot is stupid and confusing and the whole thing just makes you angry 
WATCH: @heidi_mp calls the Gov 'shambolic' over the news that Dutch ports are activating their 'hard Brexit' plan, blaming 'a lack of clarity' from Britain. Please RT:  
.@DavidDavisMP: Brexit was a decision to take control of our own destiny  
Defra secretary Michael Gove tells farmers he wants people to have more public access to the countryside after Brexit but not necessarily to run "through fields of wheat". Lots of laughter. #NFU 
Latest a Project Fear from Brussels. Brexit will cause cancer. Even more ridiculous than predictions of economic Armageddon 
Quite astonishing from ardent brexist Phillips: her very best argument in favour of brexit is to liken its "intellectuals" to those denying climate change and... natural selection. Evolution. If WE said this about brexiters we'd be denounced as "elitist".  
He had a threefold plan: 1, Win the 2015 General Election. 2, Spike the guns of UKIP and above all 3, Outflank his right-wing. The last two depended on winning the Referendum. Classic story of the man who went to the casino, bet the farm, and lost... 
Brexit-bashing Lords receive £500k in EU pensions a year and aren't allowed to criticise Brussels... but won't say so in Brexit debate  
Theresa May’s Government wants to use Brexit to drive down standards and weaken rights – @Keir_Starmer 
Brexit: A Guide for the PerplexedWill the City of London - Britain's golden goose - have its wings clipped by Brexit? Chris Morris discovers a financial fairy tale surrounding a vital question. 
Britain FIGHTS BACK: Brexit chiefs draw up secret plans to WITHHOLD billions in EU payment  
As David Davis promises a “race to the top” post-Brexit, his cabinet colleagues are chomping at the bit to slash workers’ rights. Government is clearly speaking with two heads. 
BREXIT REALITIES: There'd be no point in going out to sea - Creel fishermen on Brexit's devastating impact /#Brexit  
The turnout for the launch of the anti-Brexit Renew Party, which is backed by French pro-EU politicians, was a bit of a flop. A handful of people showed up.  
Boris Johnson met London professor linked to FBI’s Russia investigationFresh questions as photograph emerges of Joseph Mifsud and foreign secretary at Brexit dinner#ToryFail #EEF2018 #NFU18 
Davis says that Gove and Johnson speeches should provide reassurance?You mean the charlatans who convinced people to vote for Brexit on the basis of complete BS, including £350m per week for the NHS and pretending Turkey is joining the EU and we'll be invaded by 80m Turks?   
.@DavidDavisMP says fair competition with EU must mean state subsidies for business should remain unlawful. An interesting political choice for Tories - because it means their form of Brexit will not be more attractive for @jeremycorbyn than continued membership of single market 
“Post-Brexit Britain will maintain the highest standards. Trust me” says man who said there were extensive impact studies then said there weren’t any then said there were some and then said just ignore them.#DavidDavis 
DD: "Brexit will inevitably mean a change in the way British, Austrian & other EU companies do business. It has to if we're to make good on the ref result & carve a path for Britain to strike its own trade deals, its own immigration policy & make our courts sovereign once more" 
"I remember a time of chaos... ruined dreams... this wasted land."Mad Max #Brexit  
.@DavidDavisMP "my friend the foreign secretary". First thing he has said in Brexit speech which didn't quite ring true 
“Parks and pony paddocks do not feed people”Food production must be at the heart of UK government's post-Brexit agricultural policy, @NFUtweets president Meurig Raymond tells #NFU18 
I am desperately trying to *decode* Davis's #Brexit speech but NOT having a lot of luck in that endeavour I'm afraid. 
I listen to D Davis extolling all the UK has done in leading initiatives in so many areas of public life & I ask myself the question if we could have done all these things whilst within the EU why the hell are we leaving & ensuring a #Brexit that leaves us worse off?! #StopBrexit 
Delighted that my old mate @DavidDavisMP is delivering his "Mad Max" Brexit speech in Vienna, the home of Psychoanalysis and a nauseatingly familiar type of cloying, mawkish, sickly-sweet & deeply decadent Imperialist nostalgia. These guys sure do their homework! 
UK must not sign up to any form of Customs Union. The regulatory clauses in a SuperCanada/CETA+++ deal are enough to allow convergence in necessary areas but allow divergence where UK decides we must. We must escape the EU’s regulatory straightjacket - vital to successful Brexit 
Brexit ‘won’t be like Mad Max’ says Davis, in obvious sign that it will be  
David Davis really is living in cloud cuckoo land, isn't he? Other EU governments will have heard Brexit ministers boasting about how Brexit will be a chance for massive deregulation  - and they won't take kindly to it.  
'Since Nov'16 the UK has joined all parts of EU’s "defence union" except one, without any vote by MPs. These include finance, command centre & a central budget. If UK stays in them or if any go into an exit agreement, as Govt has proposed, the UK won't have left the EU.' #Brexit  
David Davis claiming in his speech that Brexit will lead to a ‘race to the top’ on standards. Looking forward to him giving a long list of regulations the Government intends to improve... and which couldn't be done within the EU.But he won't. Because it's just cynical spin. 
And the Brexit Secretary on the big Road to Brexit speech is up - “yesterday Paris and Madrid, today Vienna, and tonight Athens”... he says a road that wont go through a “Mad Max dystopia”  
The real elite of money men, manipulators and politicians who have foisted #Brexit on Britain. An excellent and informative website created by @MollyMEP#StopBrexit #FBPE 
On a lighter note, a car-sticker solution to frictionless post-Brexit travel across the Irish border ...  
Brexit will be nothing like Mad Max, they still had some petrol, says David Davis 
So far we’ve been told Brexit won’t be Mad Max dystopia & it won’t be Armageddon. Next week we’ll be told it won’t be Ragnarok, after that it won’t be End of Days, then we’ll be told it won’t be the Apocalypse. So that’s all fine  
Daniel Hannan speaking at a the Exxon and Koch funded Atlas Network meeting, attacking EU regulations which prevent US foods such as chlorinated chicken, hormone fed beef and Genetically Modified (GM) foods from sale to the UK.#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit 
So, another unforced strategic cock-up, designed as usual to appeal to the Brexit Ultras in the Conservative Party, rather than the people you need to get agreement with to avoid a dreadful future for the UK. Top work! 15/15 
The only people who can stop Brexit are young people.We're not the establishment, we're not the political elite or business experts. We're simply a generation taking back control of our futures. 
I ask just one Brexiteer to show me a forecast that suggests the UK will be better off Post-Brexit. I have not yet found one. Campaign to Remain. Otherwise we have a poorer Britain for many generations to come. 
3 So the real work of the Brexit Secretary is not negotiating Brexit, but servicing Paul Dacre?  
Disgraceful that hysterical Remainers and Brussels are weaponising the Irish border issue. Brexit is emphatically not a threat to peace in Northern Ireland.  
David Davis is saying Brexit won't create a Mad Max dystopia. Really? It's already begun.  
2 Matches many accounts of the shambolic process of triggering Article 50. Remember that they had nine months to prepare beforehand - and Brexit advocates had decades to prepare plans.  
This is really seriously damning on David Davis and the whole government process of negotiating Brexit. Some excerpts...1/x  
Farmers will get paid more cash for taking better care of their animals after Brexit, Michael Gove to say   
Time for the City, Bankers and industry bosses to wake-up to the danger that is Labour. They need to get behind Brexit and @Conservatives because otherwise, Labour will destroy them. 
So stuff I've learned today: 1) my pension fund is basically run like University Challenge with all Oxbridge Colleges getting an equal say as my enormous University. 2) Mad Max is now the reference point for Brexit. I love 2018. 
Is this where we are now? The best thing the man in charge of Brexit can say about our departure from the EU is that it won’t be as bad as a Mad Max style dystopia? I reckon most Leave voters were hoping for a little more than that.  
“Brexit will not lead to Mad-Max style world”, says David Davis. “Not immediately, there needs to be a Bladerunner transition period” 
“Who know that film, Mad Max?”“The one where there’s a total socio-economic break down & people have to fight to the death in the Thunderdome?” “Yeah that one. Brexit won’t be like that”.This is an *interesting* comms strategy. 
NEW: Irish Deputy PM Coveney tells @DMcCaffreySKY that Conservatives and Labour MP “talking down Good Friday Agreement” is “irresponsible, reckless” - with direct rule looming and Irish border Brexit legal text coming - v v sensitive  
Of course Brexit won't plunge our country into a Mad Max dystopia. This is Britain. It'll be a Quatermass Conclusion dystopia. 
“It is important to tell the truth” – wise words from EU chief negotiator Michel Barnier.  Time for our government to wake-up and provide some clarity and stop lying to the public in these #Brexit negotiations. 
Important visit to the Irish border with my colleague @NathalieLoiseau this morning to show her how invisible it currently is. Thanks to colleagues @Fergusodowd and @ColmMarkey for being able to attend. #Brexit #FutureofEurope 
"We" won't stop Brexit. Events will. Brexit will eventually collapse under its own weight. But what we need is an escape route. Tories or Labour haven't provided one. That's why we need to pressure them into suporting a ref on the deal by withholding votes from them on May 3rd.  
Money for Nothing!UK to withhold Billions of ex gratia payments unless EU commits to a free trade agreement.As the payments are due to be made over a number of years, they can be easily stopped if need be.#Brexit #EU 
Like the prevailing aesthetic of a post-brexit dystopia would be the sunbaked salvagepunk desert-anarchy of Mad Max and not the dreary, grey conformity of Children of Men (henceforth known as "Brexitpunk")  
Can we for once start getting the TRUTH the WHOLE TRUTH & NOTHING BUT the TRUTH? Stop the Utopian BS!...#Brexit can't work in our National Interest!The majority now want a RETHINK stop denying a Binding #FinalSay in 2018 with the option to #StopBrexit. 
DAVID DAVIS: "Brexit will not plunge Britain into some kind of Mad Max dystopia; our Thunderdome will be fitted with proper light bulbs and for two men to enter and one man to leave they’ll need patriotic blue passports.” 
Brussels has launched its own version of Project Fear, suggesting Brexit will cause British workers to be at a higher risk of cancer  
Talking down Good Friday Agreement because it raises serious and genuine questions of those pursuing #Brexit is not only irresponsible but reckless and potentially undermines the foundations of a fragile peace process in Northern Ireland that should never be taken for granted 
Excelnt long read on David Davis: bullish wheel-greaser or Brexit fall guy? By @danroberts ” Weeks were wasted dealing with meaningless boasts .. for a “red, white and blue” Brexit. briefed stories they knew wd unravel instantly. A party man to May’s vicar  
Good News People: Post-Brexit UK won't be like Mad Max, says David Davis  
Daniel Hannan is not *merely* stupid. He is a liar trying to discredit the Good Friday Agreement the collapse of which he has calledNov '15: a preposterous scare story from Project Fear.Sep '16: the only thing that gives him Brexit pause.Feb '18: necessary and desirable.  
So FIRST we know that brexit is going to be a catastrophic nonsense AND THEN the tories say we don't even get a hilarious mad max dystopia which means I've superglued spears to a mini metro FOR NO REASON 
Anti-Brexit Lords get £500k in EU pensions a year and can't criticise Brussels  
Rabid hard-Brexit idiots are depicting the Good Friday Agreement as an enemy. To view peace as an enemy shows the true colours of this deluded little faction. For anyone who doesn't remember the euphemistically named 'troubles' it was a WAR 
I don’t disagree with the criticism of the Government’s lack of Brexit clarity but there’s a phrase involving a kettle and a pot that seems accurate here.  
Good meeting with @WBHoekstra this morning. United in our objective to consolidate #unity of #EU27. Key actions taken by the #Netherlands last week to prepare for the consequences of #Brexit, setting a very good example.  
UK tax burden (taxes as % of GDP) is set to average over 34 percent in next 5 years, the highest sustained level we have seen since 1950s. A new era of tax reform and tax reduction is needed to ensure UK economy is competitive after #Brexit.  
Whenever I see a Brexshitter tweet "I love Europe but hate the EU" I wonder if a fortnight in Benidorm or Magaluf really gives one enough information? #StopBrexitSaveBritain #Brexit 
NEWS! We probably won’t have to become nomadic warriors tribes after Brexit, reassures David Davis  
David Davis says there’ll be no race to the bottom on workers rights after Brexit. Here’s his Govt’s record: Introduced unlawful employment tribunal fees Increased service needed to claim unfair dismissal Reduced compensation for unfair dismissal  
Andrea Leadsom identifies new post-Brexit business opportunity.  
Unpopular opinion: The Brits are more deranged by Brexit than the Americans are by Trump. But it’s close. 
WATCH: For those who have never been... This what the current Irish, open border looks like... You can just make it out with the changing tarmac. #Brexit  
In 1954 no one asked Crimean people about their will. Justice had been met only in 2014 via democratic referendum. It is a pity @Ukraine still refuses to understand the #Crimean realities. #РоднаяГавань #Crimea #Russia #Forever 
Post-Brexit UK won't be like Mad Max, says David Davis.  
Mayor tells EU citizens to punish PM for 'Brexit chaos' in spring vote EU CITIZENS CAN VOTE IN LOCAL ELECTIONS  
A Tory putting national interest over party politics! A shame that it is so rare during #Brexit negotiations. We didn’t vote to leave the single market or the customs union. The public must be granted a vote on the final deal.  
The absurdity of David Davis promising that there will be no Mad Max Brexit in the same week as prominent Brexiters disparage the Good Friday Agreement encapsulates the whole toddlers with flamethrowers dynamic of Brexit debate 
Mad Max might be too dynamic a post #Brexit scenario. I was thinking '28 Days Later', with David Davis staggering dazed and confused through an empty London in surgical pyjamas, chap out... #r4today 
#DavidDavis says post-Brexit Britain won't be "Mad Max dystopia", but we were promised a BREXIT BOOM! A #BrexitDividend was touted just a few weeks ago. He has in fact promised a trade area "10 times bigger" than the EU. He is a CONSUMMATE LIAR #StopBrexit 
Two years to the day since David Cameron stood up in Downing St, hailed his pre referendum EU renegotiation deal and told the public “whatever you decide, I will do my best to deliver it”.   The rest, as they say, is history 
Exactly that, being told to respect the vote is AUTHORITARIAN. Brexit braggers have no rights to do this and we must resist to save our democracy from this coup.#A50challenge 
Sandra Khadhouri has set up a new political party to stop Brexit that has been likened to the "military arm" of the Remain campaign. Can she give Julia a straight answer?@JuliaHB1 | @sandrakhad 
Good article from @Reuters - a new political party is here to stop Brexit & fix Britain's problems at the source. We are listening to the UK to create a better Britain for all the UK not just the 48%. Enough is enough. Time to #RenewBritain  @ReutersUK 
Post-Brexit UK won't be like Mad Max, says David Davis and he is right. Lord of the Flies is more the scenario we are acting out in this country. A boy’s dream of power turned into a nightmare. #FBPE 
"Brexit's splendid!"Theresa May & David Davis, 2020.  
Nearly 2,000 people have had their say in our poll - would you vote for a new anti-Brexit party that rivals the main political parties?  
Takes a day away from Twitter and Brexit, and clicks in to see serious discussion about whether Brexit will lead to a "Mad Max dystopia".This is not going well. 
As David Davis makes speech in Vienna, respected Austrian newspaper @diepresse_com reports that Austrians ‘reject his agenda’ #Brexit  
The best way to cement the idea that Brexit will become a Mad Max dystopia is for the Brexit minister to do a speech saying Brexit will not become a Mad Max dystopia. Outstanding achievement by David Davis.  
GLOBAL: Brexit Britain has world of trading opportunities ahead of it!  
In this week’s Recalibrating Expectations...June 2016:“Brexit will be sunlit uplands, a global Britain, prosperous, influential, overflowing with money for the NHS. A golden age”Feb 2018:  
Upset at losing the EU referendum, Remain ultras have latched on to the idea we must not have our own trade policy.  There’s zero logic to this idea of staying in the customs union. It’s just emotion-based policy making 
David Davis: There will be no ‘Mad Max’ Brexit. We’re thinking of going for the Bespoke ‘Planet of the Apes’ model instead #madmaxbrexit #planetoftheapesbrexit 
Daniel Hannan - the GFA is expendable.David Davis - Brexit isn’t going to turn into a ‘Mad Max’ parody.Theresa May - ideology mustn’t come before security & Brexit.And Labour - CORBYN HAS BEEN SLANDERED. FOCUS ON PROTECTING CORBYNS REPUTATION.#GiveMeStrength 
If David Davis and his colleagues cannot deliver the Brexit they have promised, then everyone has every right to keep an open mind about whether Brexit is the best path for the country. 6/6 
500 pro-EU MPs: “We don’t want Brexit, but we have to respect the ‘will of the people’.”The people: “Give ‘the people’ a vote on the terms, so we can democratically reject Brexit.”MPs: “No. We must respect the ‘will of the people’.”The people: “FFS!” 
Thread: David Davis insists that Brexit won’t mean a race to the bottom on everything from workers’ rights to environmental standards but not everyone around the Cabinet table agrees with him. 1/ 
Renew: new party bids to overturn Brexit  
Of course Britain won’t end up as a Mad Max-style dystopia post Brexit. We simply don’t have the weather. 
Who's really taking back control? Brexit voters are not taking back their country - it's being hijacked by the most right-wing UK government in recent history. Enough is enough. Time for renewal. #RenewBritain Article: @Jon_Danzig 
The BBC have decided brexit is happening - there will be no more news against it.A divided monstrosity is what the UK has become.I want Scotland to be independent and to make decisions not based on greed but on the best interests of the Scottish people. #WhoWillJoinMe? 
Fast forward to 2030 and the latest government cat is walking down Whitehall in a post #brexit Mad Max style dystopia  
Be afraid. Peace in N Ireland and the break-up of the UK are prices worth paying for the #Brexit believers: @alexmassie in Comment today 
David Davis rejects claims of a Mad Max-style Brexit and insists he wants to negotiate a bespoke Brexit dystopia. 
Another day another government Brexit press release leads the @bbc news. As never happens with anything from critics of Brexit 
This is simply not true. Pro-#Brexit "arguments" are on TV & in the press non-stop. If anything, it's #Remain that get short shrift. #BBC was irresponsible in releasing headline conclusion of Minford's latest study when later analysis of his assumptions showed it was bogus! 
David Davis, the man with those Brexit impact reports, that turned out to be invisible Brexit reports, now seeks to reassure the country that Brexit will not plunge Britain into a “Mad Max-style world borrowed from dystopian fiction” Hardly fills one with confidence. 
The funny thing about the Brexiteers who drone on about a hard Brexit is most wouldn't survive a day without their driver,  let alone in a Mad Max world. Unless Jacob Rees-Mogg's nanny can beat a marauding mob to death with a Telegraph,  he's doomed. 
"Too ashamed to lead their own project, the Brexit pioneers nuzzle comfort blankets of anticipated betrayal."  
Will these factors kill the pro-EU parties in Italy's elections next week? Get briefed fast & exclusively, with #Brexit Facts4EU:  
Good piece from  @FT Leave spokes mentions ‘fissures’ +that groups may change their line.For the record @BestForBritain will *not* accept soft Brexit, we want *No Brexit*Campaigners to stop Brexit prepare six-week advertising blitz  via @financialtimes 
And now we go LIVE to Brexit!  
Bringing draft legislation to hold a referendum to #Repealthe8th to Government today. Will finalise referendum bill in coming days and will publish the 36th Amendment to the Constitution Bill on the 6th March. A very busy few weeks ahead on an extremely important issue. 
#Brexit  Just get on with Brexit FFS. Today’s politicians pathetic all. Theresa Maybe hopeless . Jeremy Corbyn in EU out EU doesn’t know changes his mind everyday. Sir Vince Cable dinosaur  retire do us all a favour. Couldn’t organise a piss up in a brewery any of them.   
Numerous #Brexiteers @KateHoeyMP @DanielJHannan and now @OwenPaterson calling for end of Good Friday Agreement. Surely a very dangerous strategy? When Blair/Major warned #Brexit was a threat to peace process - were they right?  
Trimble, an architect of Good Friday Agreement:1. “Rubbish” that Brexit will undermine Good Friday Agreement.2. Open Irish border only “impossible” if the EU insists on it.  
David Davis: Brexit will not plunge Britain into 'Mad Max dystopia'He's hardly talking it up, is he?#StopBrexit #sendouttheclowns 
Stopping #Brexit: ‘The kids don’t want what’s being forced on them’A youth campaign is touring universities to argue there is no point in pursuing a future young people voted against#StopBrexit #FBPE #OFOC 
You have to think the EU is beginning to panic when it starts to claim that Brexit will cause cancer. In fact the Clinical Trials Directive has harmed cancer research  
‘It won’t be like Mad Max’ is setting a pretty low bar for post-Brexit Britain. What happened to the sunlit uplands of freedom and prosperity?As the false promises evaporate we must demand our right to a #FinalSay 
Dutch letter makes clear that the first of 750 new customs positions (under a Canada and transition deal) or 930 if No Deal will be funded as it takes 9-22 months to train a customs officer - only required because of Brexit:  
Watch Dr Graham Gudgin, Economist at Cambridge University calmly confirm that the remaniac idiots in the civil service - described as “experts” by his BBC interviewer - have produced “deeply flawed” and “greatly exaggerated” forecasts on Brexit.  
I for one am intrigued to know into exactly which type of dystopia Brexit will plunge us 
I take it when David Torrance talks about the "Ulsterisation of politics" he doesn't mean the vandalism of a peace agreement in the name of Brexit, which is presumably why he has nothing to say about it. 
It's been quite the journey:"Brexit will make us rich!"..."Brexit will not make us any poorer."..."Brexit won't make us *that* much poorer."..."Brexit won't make things so bad we resort to cannibalism."  
Big story that matters this week - BBC ignoring - is the humiliation of Mrs May by Arlene Foster, the undermining by the DUP of the Northern Ireland settlement, & the DUP/Tory right plot to ditch the Good Friday Agreement & restore Orange govt & a border in NI as part of Brexit 
All people with an ounce of intelligence by now have gathered that Brexit is an idea for block heads. Join the battle for reality. #FBPE 
."Fight for a referendum on the withdrawal deal, then join us in persuading our parents & grandparents to choose a constructive, NOT destructive, legacy”.. 
How will you pay for it Mr Corbyn @jeremycorbyn? Brexit, remember Brexit? It will divert all attention, it will cost us dear, why not make your Brexit position clear? While Brexit looms, your promises mean nothing, you are selling off our childrens' futures. #StopBrexit 
If I say don’t imagine an elephant, that animal immediately comes to mind. David Davis says: Brexit will not plunge Britain into Mad Max dystopia  
Pity the Brexit 52%, led by cowards and charlatans | Rafael Behr  
Not much time left. Can we make it? Please give another push. Would be great to get 100k. Makes a big statement. Petition: End the export of live farm animals after Brexit.  
David Davis: Brexit will not plunge Britain into Mad Max dystopia A low bar, Mr Davis. 
People are sick of TMay’s Tories, Austerity, Brexit, low wages, collapsed NHS, while planning to give £73.6bn in tax breaks to the rich from now until 2022, people want Jeremy Corbyn, so the RWMedia goes full relentless red scare crank!! FFS!! Democracy?  
Vote for the most-likely-to-win pro-EU PARTIES in local council by-elections across The UK, and at the England-only #LE2018 on May 3rd.A vote for a pro-EU Labour or Conservative candidate, is a vote for Corbyn & May's Brexit plans.#VoteRemain #ABTV 
I'm pleased to see the government is setting a high bar for Brexit success  
A Corbyn #Brexit would be the worst of all possible outcomes!‘An onslaught of new regulation would be forced upon UK businesses & banks under a Labour Government, Jeremy Corbyn will admit in a radical speech today’#LabourFail #TheCorbynCon 
The Good Friday Agreement is an impediment to Brexit. The solution? Undermine it. Odd that no politician either side of the Irish border has proclaimed it ‘unsustainable’ or ‘failing’. 
Melanie Phillip’s column in the Times today is a masterpiece. It manages to conflate support for brexit with intelligent design and global warming scepticism, and present individuals who embody all three as warriors fighting ‘to the death’ against the establishment of utopia. 
Britain will not become a 'Mad Max Dystopia' after Brexit ... it will be a lot less sunny 
Brexit Britain  
Now there's a catchy slogan for Brexit: Not as bad as Mad Max. 
‘The Brexit Broadcasting Corporation.’ My column for this week’s @TheNewEuropean, out Friday. 
In Manchester airport.My stuff is already in Potsdam.Leaving for the last time.I genuinely thought I'd feel a victorious sense of "screw you!" at everything.But no.All I feel is immense sadness and pain. Leaving my home, my family.Brexit, what have you done to me? 
Deluded Bollocks from a man who has repeatedly lied and has betrayed everything he once claimed  he believed. David Davis: Brexit will not plunge Britain into Mad Max dystopia  
LETS BE CLEAR - the EU commissions Brexit taskforce Chief negotiator Michel Barnier put it bluntly last week: “It is important to tell the truth. A UK decision to leave the single market & the customs union would make border checks unavoidable.” Northern Ireland at massive risk 
Wow. The Brexit pitch has gone from 'Britain stronger alone' to 'not quite the apocalypse' in record time.  
Campaigners to stop Brexit prepare six-week advertising blitz  
And maybe you will realise that with this, they have stepped over the line of reason. That Brexit is being pushed by people who would be happy for people to die to achieve it.And we should have nothing to do with it or them. That we should stop Brexit for this suggestion alone 
If saying “It’s ok if some people are killed to achieve Brexit” does not fill you with utter horror, there is a chance you might, just might, be a facist.In which case you are part of the problem. 
By saying they want to demolish the GFA to achieve Brexit, what Hoey, Mogg, Hannan et all are saying is this: “It’s ok if people get killed to achieve Brexit”.Every right minded person in the country should be utterly revolted.Brexit: Fuck This Shit.  
John, well done sir thank you for you hard work you put in to BREXIT. PLEASE DONT LET MAY SELL US OUT. When she signed ART 50 she told us we would be leaving on 29/03/2019 completely. Can you please make sure she sticks to this schedule 
What I never understood about #Brexit is why worry about Polish, Romanian, and other EU workers, who actually work, and who actually fit in culturally, while the London mayor is an #islamist and the country full of #FGM, #MuslimBrotherhood lobbies, etc.  
Nobody voted in the referendum to make themselves poorer and of course, leaving the customs union was on no ballot paper ever voted on.   
U.K. has a secret plan to hold Brexit cash if the EU refuses to trade  
Ruth Davidson, I wonder if you really can claim you don’t know what is happening to us. I think you do, but you don’t want to admit that we have become an inhumane and xenophobic country. Some blame Brexit. I blame Theresa May and I blame you.  
It is truly shameful. Seeing @GuyVerhofstadt on TV being direct & honest last Sunday really showed us what a bunch of Charlatans we have @ the top of the political class in this country. The clarity from Irish politicians just reinforces this point. #Brexit #StopBrexit #FinalSay 
The U.K. still lacks the replacement rules needed to fuel its nuclear reactors after Brexit  
Tbh given Labour policy backs leaving the EU, opting out of the CU/SM & ECJ & denies the Ppl a Rethink..much the same as the Tories, they're not on a fence..they're backing #Brexit ...#FBPE#WeAreEurope#WeAreRemain#WeAreTheOppositionNow#FinalSay #StopBrexit 
Dutch activate 'hard Brexit' plan and blame 'a lack of clarity' from the UK  
The solution is easy..simply offer the Ppl a #FinalSay on the deal/no deal..accept & #Brexit or reject & #StopBrexit & #Remain in the EU. This does not thwart the old vote it Confirms the Will. The majority of your membership & the Ppl now want this option.Get out of Jail Free. 
UK manufacturers say they urgently need clarity on Brexit  
In 1983 Kinnock campaigned on a manifesto that pledged to #BREXIT from the EEC (EU) without a referendum.Now he wants a second referendum cos we didn't vote the right way in the first one.  
This just makes me want to arrange a referendum in the so-called Norway.#WinterOlympics 
Brexit: no room to deregulate - the "deregulators" and the "free trade" purists are in a fantasy world of their own making. There is no way we can dismantle the food safety controls that are in place ...  #Brexit.  
EU on the BRINK as Netherlands REFUSE to pay more to plug Brexit blackhole  
2016: Brexit will bring an extra £350M a week for the NHS2018: Brexit won't be quite as bad as Mad Max 
Brexit: David Davis rejects 'Mad Max-style dystopia' claims  
Excellent news: Despite the economic upturn after the Brexit vote, Remainiac @jamieoliver is seeing some of his restaurants suffer and has had to plough some of his own money into them. Still, restaurants are closing. Patriotic Brexiters staying away. 
The English Home Office is instructing Scottish Residents, Scottish Citizens, to leave the Country after #BrexitThat’s right, the English are telling people WE accepted in Scotland to vamoose!A message to the Home Office, fcuk off! And when you get there fcuk, right off again 
This is the bit of the EU Commission future partnership presentation that Dexeu take particular issue with - Brexit will lead to a lowering of standards on eg carcinogens ...  
We're now entering #Brexit at ANY COST territory#Kate Hoey wants to tear up the #GoodFridayAgreement to ensure the Brextremists get their Hard BrexitI think there is a need for a cold, rational look at #brexit - It's not sustainable!#StopBrexit 
Tomorrow, @Savethe8thInfo will be raising concerns about the standard of internet connectivity available to Irish journalists. They're clearly operating in a contentious #repealthe8th referendum without access to basic fact-checking tools. pic.twitter.com/5tN7WWkJxF 
Do you believe Corbyn actually *wants* to stop Brexit? And if so, on what basis? “Keeping his powder dry” would involve being non-committal but everything he actually says & does places him firmly in the pro-Hard Brexit camp. Am I missing something? 
David Davis: Brexit will not plunge Britain into Mad Max dystopia. It's far worse than that. Mad Max was quite enjoyable. There's absolutely no fun to be had from Brexit.  
"Davis: Brexit will not plunge Britain into Mad Max dystopia".@ajcdeane reminds us of how all those gloomy forecasts went...(Note the sly dig at Barnier) #SkyPapers 1/2.. 
I’m in Vienna, and so is the Brexit Secretary on the “road to Brexit”. Davis will tell European audience, essentially that it can trust the UK not to undercut it, no “mad max style dystopia” on low standards so that should mean more access than normal FTA...  
UK cities shut out of Brexit discussions, say leaders.Representatives of some of the biggest cities outside London met EU chief negotiator Michel Barnier in Brussels.Cities that voted Remain need to be heard. #StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
"Brexit definitely did not lead to a Mad Max style dystopia", said lead negotiator David Davis as Brexit talks concluded. "This is much more like Mad Max 2. The shit one, starring that racist fella."Trade talks with Trump will begin on Thursday in the Thunderdome. pic.twitter.com/99hQrzoUsm 
This is an utter outrage and must not be allowed to happen. N.Ireland peace is not a Brexit bargaining chip. The UK also committed to protect GFA in the Phase1 #Brexit deal. If we go back on that why would any country in the world trust us to make agreements in future  
Dr Graham Gudgin - "What we are trying to do is present high-quality arguments in favour of #Brexit, many of which haven’t been made and don’t seem to get into the press or, in some cases, the BBC I’m afraid." #BriefingsforBrexit 
Final tweet tonight. The Brexit leaders potential sacrifice of the Northern Ireland Agreement is a reminder some people in their obsession have no concept of reality or repercussions. That our media & political parties have brought us to this questions what country we’ve become. 
"a middle class Alf Garnet in makeup."Funniest thing I've read this week. 
David Davis is right - Brexit won't be as bad as Mad Max. It'll be more akin to Police Academy 5 - assignment Miami Beach. So bad - you'll want to look away 
Hardline Brexiters are rubbishing the Good Friday Agreement because they can see it  has the  potential to impede Brexit. Shamefully the Hannans & the like would prefer the deaths & the troubles return  
How about this...Best speech I've read on Brexit and the NHS was by... @jeremycorbyn....  at the TUC during referendum, saying *everyone* and every organisation that cares about the NHS is backing Remain: 
This impact analysis should have been done:1. BEFORE the referendum was called2. IMMEDIATELY after the result3. Okay, allowing for shock, BEFORE #A50 was triggered4. Negligent to leave it until AFTER #EUWithdrawalBill debatesEven NOW is too late. #StopBrexit @ChukaUmunna 
Troubled electronics chain Maplin in talks to find buyer“Pretty much everything we buy is dollar denominated, so our costs have gone up by 15% ... When your costs go up by that margin, you cannot shoulder that as a retailer.”#Brexit Britain  
"Brexit will be better for the economy"*one year later*"Brexit may not kill us all"  
"No it's going fine, I've got it all under control" #DavidDavis #Brexit #MadMax 
David Davis, 2018:"Brexit will not plunge us into a Mad Max dystopia"David Davis, 2019:  
Brexiteers attacking the Good Friday Agreement is an attempt to release Britain from its obligations under the Phase 1 Brexit negotiations agreement. They want to make Ireland a victim again of their mad ideological rush to leave the EU and re-establish a hard border here. 
So it is good to see that the Brexit Fringe have decided to tackle the NI Question. The choices on offer areA) United IrelandB) Destroy GFA and return of troublesC) Invade IrelandD) Stay in SM and CUE) Stop BrexitNot convinced they chose wisely 
David Davis' comment that Brexit 'will not plunge Britain into a Mad Max dystopia' goes into my category of statements like "No lumps of fat or gristle" and "We didn't burn him"  
David Davis 2016:"There'll be many upsides to Brexit"David Davis (after less than a year of talks):"You seen Mad Max? I can't imagine we'll beat the shit out of each other like they did in Mad Max. Brexit is the tits." 
So today's cunning Brexit plan is:  unilaterally trash the most widely admired peace Agreement the UK has ever shaped, switch to DUP-dominated direct rule and risk the hardest possible border in Ireland. Clearly we are now reaching the point where the asylum has been taken over.. 
Holy shit. The chief fucking negotiator has moved from "Brexit will make your life better" to "we're not going to club each other to death on big death trucks like they did in Mad Max" and we haven't even started phase 2.  
“Brendan Cox was cynically turned into a saint by the chattering classes. He was used as a moral stick to beat Brexit and Brexiteers. We were told he had unimpeachable moral authority and we now know that wasn’t true”Brendan O’Neill on TalkRadio: 
The media has collapsed.. full blown cranks.. As the country spirals out of control NHS austerity Brexit housing crisis homelessness epidemic poverty wages.. Theresa May Zombie Economy and Basketcase media  
Worth a read; The Brexit emperor has no clothes.  
David Davis now says Brexit will not plunge Britain into a “Mad Max dystopia”.It’s not exactly the £350m a week for the NHS and trade deals on day one that Brexiters promised...Stop the #brexitshambles. #StopBrexit.#MadMaxBrexit #FBPE 
I’m old enough to remember a time when David Davis said that “there will be no downside to Brexit at all” (October 2016)  
I feel like I did when it all came out about Saville, Glitter, Harris and Hall. These were icons of my youth. Now Daltrey, Cleese and Caine are revealed as supporting Brexit. All I need now is for someone to tell me Zebedee is a pot smoking axe murderer and Sooty abused Soo.  
Nobody said it would. But Brexit will:Be the final nail in the coffin for the NHS.Close a world of opportunities.Have severe negative economic impacts.Rob people of a whole range of citizens' rights.Threaten all sorts of other rights.Make people poorer......  
NEW @IPPR BREXIT POLL: Large majority want to retain or raise standards post-Brexit Deregulation is both anti-worker and anti-business—so no surprise there’s almost no public appetite for it. See the full briefing at  
Just utterly embarrassing @christopherhope this is pathetic.. the media Theresa May Brandon Lewis James cleverly Ben Bradley the Tories have lost it.. the country is falling to pieces NHS homeless epidemic Brexit austerity  
Tuesday’s GUARDIAN: “Davis: Brexit will not plunge Britain into ‘Mad Max dystopia’ “ #bbcpapers #tomorrowspaperstoday 
The GFA's meaning is at the centre of Brexit. But its meaning is deliberately (or constructively) ambiguous. Which is why some Brexiteers hate it. A thread... 
53% of British companies think Brexit is good for Britain's prosperity - two-thirds of company bosses say they'd rather be out of the EU. - FTI Consulting poll.#Brexit #OpenBritain #GlobalBritain 
Is 'Czexit' coming? Czech businesses fearing Brexit-style EU referendum  
WTF@KateHoeyMP is as dangerous as she is delusionalBut slagging off the Good Friday agreement is just the biggest and most visible example of what Brexit Ultras seekTotal deregulation and the dismantling  of the intitutional framework that has kept us safe & prosperous 
This is just staggering twaddle from @JuliaHB1 on trade & Brexit. A penny for @GuitarMoog @IanDunt @StevePeers @SamuelMarcLowe @AllieRenison @IanaDreyer @leemakiyama @hhesterm @eddwilson thoughts. 
This needs to be a bridge too far for Brexit.Not even the most pie in the sky version of Brexit is worth burning the Good Friday Agreement for. This is disaster capitalism. It's Brexit zealotry. If they're willing to sacrifice the GFA then nothing else is off limits.  
‘Leaders from some of the UK’s largest cities met EU officials in Brussels on Monday, in a bid to have a bigger say in the Brexit process.’This is nuts. They’re having to go to Brussels, because the British government won’t listen to them.  
Australia says Britain can join its Trans-Pacific Partnership trade group after Brexit  
Wigan played a 4-4-2 and had 18% possession, and with that knocked out the majority forigen Man City.Now THAT is how you do brexit. 
May's ex-deputy in Brexit broadside.Release the Brexit impact reports, says Damian Green - voters have right to see the evidence.Just crossing fingers not enough, says another ex-minister.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
This is part of a pattern, Brexiters are refusing to engage. As the evidence against Brexit mounts perhaps it’s not surprising   
Does anyone remember only 20 short months ago, clear warnings that Brexit could jeopardise peace in Northern Ireland? And the Leave campaigns dismissing this as ‘project fear’. And now the Brexiters are willing to tear up the GFA as it gets in the way of their ideological plan! 
The second Scots victim of Brexit. The first was the truth.  
I have come to the conclusion that those hard Brexiter politicians such as Owen Paterson & Daniel Hannan,by jeopardising the Good Friday Agreement, are dangerous people. Brexit is no longer just about leaving the EU,it is ideologically driven & will damage the peace in N.I. 
"Little England" is a term of derision aimed at isolationist Brits. Trump and Brexit are primarily nationalistic populist pushbacks. Wakanda is isolationist. Wakanda is nationalist. >"It's ok when we do it, guys!"  
BRITAIN'S banking sector remains a major player in global finance despite all the Project Fear scaremongering during the EU referendum campaign  
Hard  to look at this chart ( courtesy of @truth2pow3r  ) and not feel very angry that some #Brexiteers think ditching the Good Friday Agreement is a price worth paying for their type of #Brexit  
New British party inspired by Macron seeks to overturn #Brexit  
RENEW PARTYThe launch of the new anti-Brexit party got off to a roaring start with just a handful of people showing up to its BIG launch in Westminster.  
Keep an eye out for this report on Friday, which explores Scottish businesses and Brexit. This pair are an absolute powerhouse duo - So looking forward to reading the final copy.  
Sovereignty, immigration and £350m for the #NHS were used to build the Trojan horse of #Brexit lies which continues to conceal the real objective, the thing the Tory Right drool over - a #BrexitTaxHaven.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Brexit bashing is just another form of bigotry 
Ben Bradley laughs at homophobic abuse, makes libelous claims about Corbyn then deletes his tweets, and states the Tories are making it up as they go about Brexit @bbradleymp you're an embarrassment and a stain on Westminster . #BenBradley #Mansfield 
Is it just me? Or have expectations shifted a little since Davis said: "there will be no downside to Brexit, only a considerable upside."  
UK will need 'thousands' more customs officers after Brexit, Dutch MP warnsNetherlands plans to boost customs staff by 750 as reality of Britain’s EU departure sinks inBut I thought #Brexit was going to cut wasteful red tape!#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Yes we know that you were wrong & a right-wing extremist on Northern Ireland, the EU & laissez faire long before Brexit. But now that your ideas are running the country & we have to take them seriously, we are realising how repugnant they are.  
Theresa May now officially stuck between a rock and a hard place. The DUP - who are keeping her in power - want direct rule. The Irish Govt - the co-guarantor of the GFA & her hoped-for ally on the Irish border in the Brexit talks - saying no to direct rule. 
Why is the Failed ex-Labour leader  Neil Kinnock who once hated the EU so keen to stop Brexit nowdays? Maybe it has something to do with gravy? Oh BTW tax free too.  
Brexit means Brexit  
Within 5 years, we'll have a UK population that voted against Brexit. But they would be stuck with it for the rest of their lives. That is unquestionably an injustice.The only question is: Are we willing to do something about it. 
What do I think of Brexit? So glad you asked...I think it's a massive profitless waste of UK finance & resources, detracting from investment in youth, tech, skills and future economic needs.[Context: Theresa May's speech on education & skills today] 
It makes me so angry . The GFA is a protected NATO treaty. Hannon actually been allowed to say it was not the broker of peace and keep his job . We’re in full propaganda post truth ref brexit la la land. Peace & truth to be sacrificed at the alter of brexit cult. #WeNeedTheGFA 
Tomorrow's front page ... 'There'll be no point in going out to sea' - Scotland’s creel fishing industry delivers devastating Brexit warning to MSPs  
There seems to be nothing the Brextremists won't sacrifice on the altar of hard Brexit, including the Good Friday Agreement. @PeterHain 
Pep giving it the big 'un like Paul Cook wouldn't knock him out in one swoop. This is the fight we've been waiting for. Brexit means Brexit 
Former First Minister of Northern Ireland says that it is “rubbish that Brexit will undermine the Good Friday Agreement”  
'The EU can f*** off!' @JuliaHB1 EXPLODES in rant over Brussels' Brexit bill demands  
Theresa May trying to engage with the youth vote today by announcing tuition fees review. Better idea reverse Brexit which is what most young people want so they can have a decent future. 
The #Brexiteers now want to bin the Good Friday Agreement. Fuck every other valid reason for scrapping #Brexit this one alone should set off very loud klaxons. Peace is NOT a price worth paying! 
More than 17 million voted #Brexit. And your point is?  
Dimwit Durham Brexit campaigner Tom Harwood, from a privileged out of touch background,  shouting down a woman from a poorer background who was patiently explaining the impact of debt on students. His ignorance and rudeness is reminiscent of far-right Milo#c4News#TuitionFees 
Much like Luke destroyed the death star by hitting an exhaust port there's bound to be something to hit in the DW stadium to destroy Brexit. 
Fascinating interview with Nassim Taleb, the man who predicted the 2008 crash. His belief in Brexit will upset 48%, but MPs should listen to his arguments for listening to blue collar workers over the elite - the “show offs without skin in the game”.  
Currently, the only way to make good on David Davis' promise not to scrap our rights at work after Brexit is to stay in the single market. Promises are nice, but guarantees are what workers need. 
IMPORTANT: I know posters glorifying Khalistani terrorists & warning India of referendum 2020 are common in Punjab but next time you see them, don’t keep quiet, click a pic, tag @PunjabPolice and ask them to act.Make police accountable. The day you wake up, the police too will. 
David Davis' promise not to scrap our rights at work after Brexit would be more believable if he & his colleagues hadn't voted against putting such promises in the EU Withdrawal Bill 
#Farmers and #food industry warn that the likelihood of #Brexit is already harming #British #Agriculture via @CityAM 
“Brits born around 1980 earned 13% less than those born around 1970“...UK kids today squeal, “Brexit is stealing our future!”No, the EU and mass migration stole OURS. Now we’re giving you the chances we never had. You’re welcome.   
It seems David Davis will tell Austrian biz leaders tomorrow that no one is planning a bonfire of our rights at work after Brexit. Has he not been listening to Johnson & Gove? 
If anything, the current attack by brexiters on the GFA shows the moral bankruptcy of the brexit movement. If the choice is between peace and brexit what would the majority choose? Maybe that should have been on the ballot paper in 2016. 
Pressure is building on Jeremy Corbyn to clarify what his "jobs first" Brexit means  
So @Nigel_Farage thinks all leave voters are inward looking & isolationist? Oh my.Also I voted leave & I’ll I tell you what’s really insulting; you trying to speak for me. I, as many others, did not vote for this #BrexitShambles. Hence I’m a #remainernow #Brexit  
I don't think that Brexit is a good idea, to put it mildly - but even if I did, the completely cack-handed way that the government are going about it is beyond incompetent. 5/5 (ends) 
What I think I find most disheartening about those who constantly attack economic forecasts on Brexit as exaggerated is that, even if they were, and the real harm was only 50% of the forecasts, it would still be very bad indeed.  1/ 
Now @KateHoeyMP claiming the good Friday agreement isn't sustainable. She'd burn her own homeland down for #Brexit These hardline brexists are arsonists   
'Brexit has turned the British political classes into behaving like football fans — cheering anything that seems to confirm their prejudices'  
Never mind Brexit. #KFCCrisis is the most important issue in the country at the moment. The Colonel would be spinning in his grave (like a rotisserie chicken)  
New British party inspired by Macron seeks to overturn #Brexit  
Surely it is about time for the BBC to give Guy Verhofstadt a 30 minute daily prime time TV slot to explain to us how stupid we are to want Brexit.? Followed by another 30 minute slot for Andrew Adonis to reinforce Verhofstadt's opinion? 
A crisis is what's happening to our #NHS, particularly in E&W. A crisis is the situation being created by #Brexit. #KFC running out of chicken is NOT a crisis. Get a grip #BBC. It can't possibly be a slow news day. 
So the promise of "no hard border" made in the referendum was false then. Nice of you to let us know now. I take it you will be volunteering at the border. You don't sound like an imperialist at all...  
'They get ALL the airtime!' Brexiteer academic takes HUGE swipe at BBC over Brexit bias  
Good Friday Agreement 'not sustainable,' says Kate Hoey  Extreme Brexiters really don't care what or who they have to sacrifice to achieve their goals of a hard Brexit. I would comment but can't find the words without swearing. 
In case anyone is unaware...... 
We can now see the corporate vultures circling around the carcass of Brexit Britain:  
Nothing at all to do with Brexit. Hiding head in sand over viability of sustainability of mandatory co-alition is reckless and wrong  
When the referendum comes around in May, it's so crucial that young people do get out and vote. It's all well and good to say you support repeal but we can't afford to lose this vote and young people going to the ballot box will make the difference 
.@KateHoeyMP @OwenPaterson & @DanielJHannan are reckless & utterly wrong to question the value and sustainability of the Good Friday Agreement. Their concerted, transparent effort to undermine the GFA is driven by their blind, misplaced faith in Brexit. They should know better. 
Interesting article in itself - but also an illustration of how coverage of Brexit in the Irish press is (often, generally) much better than that in the British press  
Dear journosWhy don’t you ask government ministers how they are going to solve the Irish border conundrum - and when they obfuscate ask them againSeems there is no possible solution Need hard border after BrexitIrish refuse to have one on landDUP refuse to have one at sea 
These people are crazy. They don't care who gets hurt. They'll trash any institution, sink any business, gut our services and shatter the peace, just so they can get their hard Brexit. What a nightmare they are visiting upon us.  
As Home Secretary Theresa May suppressed 9 reports proving immigration has little effect on jobs or wages. So, in effect, Theresa May lied in a way that she knew would boost support for #Brexit. Her lies should put her in jail. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Leading intellectuals including economists lawyers philosophers historians & scientists have formed #BriefingsforBrexit to end the smug metropolitan view that Brexit was the thick voters decision  
Would you vote for a new anti-Brexit party that took on the main political parties? #RenewBritain  via: @TheNewEuropean 
@KateHoeyMP seeks to tear down 20 years of peace from the GFA because it interferes with her foolish Brexit fantasies.The EU is a project for Peace.  The GFA is a Project for Peace.Don’t let the destroyers win.Stand up for Peace.  Stand up for the EU#WeNeedTheGFA 
We’re in the UK which has the lowest growth in the G7 because of Brexit which Scotland rejects.  
Brexiter reasons for Brexit not going to plan: 16.2m remainers, judges, civil service, academia, the EU, EU27, House of Lords, the UK population in the last GE for not backing GOV, the GFA/Irish, and eventually the WTOBut not triggering article 50 with no plan 
A prog & a quote from Nicola on a pop star but you can’t hold Mundell or Davidson to account over Brexit analysis - think about it 
EXCLUSIVE: Theresa May’s team has a secret plan to hold Brexit cash if the EU refuses to trade  
New anti-Brexit party aims to overturn EU referendum vote #StopBrexit #FBPE 
The UK has great friends worldwide, including in...The USAPortugalIrelandNorwaySwitzerlandCanadaSouth AfricaHong KongMalaysiaSingaporeThe UAEAustraliaNepalKenyaNZOmanSri LankaGhanaJordanChileTrinidadUruguayBotswana...We'll be just fine, after Brexit. 
This disastrous government is paralysed by internal divides whilst @uklabour are failing to provide effective opposition, failing to vote against the government’s hard #Brexit. Parliament has a responsibility to lead the debate in relation to #Brexit  
EU on the BRINK as Netherlands REFUSE to pay more to plug Brexit blackhole   
Ryanair on #Brexit :There is "a distinct possibility that there may be no flights, for an unknown period of time, between the U.K. and the EU from the end of March 2019".- Ryanair statement to the US Securities and Exchange Commission.source:  
Sorry but, didn't farmers vote for Brexit? EU subsidies not required, British taxpayer can foot the bill instead? Stupid! Stupid, stupid, stupid! Brexit is dumber than the dumbest thing you can think of. #https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/amp/business-43088855?__twitter_impression=true 
'The EU can f*** off!' Hartley-Brewer EXPLODES in rant over Brussels' Brexit bill demands  
It’s a curious thing about Brexit that it apparently made people who don’t have the slightest grasp of how trade works suddenly consider themselves experts on the basis of nothing whatsoever 
'Rees-Mogg is the new Farage!' Alastair Campbell says Rees-Mogg is now THE face of Brexit. He is Admired by Many!  
Disgraced ex-Sec of State Damian Green has called on the gvmnt to publish the full Brexit Impact Reports. He has accused many in Cabinet of making faith-based policies, as they have discarded evidence that they don't like. #BrexitShambles is being driven by zealots #StopBrexit 
Sadiq Khan urges London voters to punish the Government over Brexit. Punish Khan for London Stabbings,Acid Attacks & Mobile phone Muggings on Mopeds!  
Someone just reminded me of Martin Luther King's words "In the end, we will not remember the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends" And I realised that's how I feel about @UKLabour, which I supported for so many years, now letting us all down by not opposing Brexit 
The Truth : if the PM went on the News now and said she had decided Brexit was cancelled, there would be an almighty sigh of relief, a huge party, and then they could get back to trying to deal with the many problems our country has with a good deal more public support 
NEW: Lord Trimble, one of the architects of the Good Friday Agreement, says claims that Brexit will undermine it are "rubbish" and that he is "astonished" at Michel Barnier's claim that a hard border is inevitable if the UK leaves the SM and CU  
.@CarolineLucas – “Time for Labour to get off the fence and lead the Brexit debate”  
How long do you give it before Twitter's Leavers start on: "we always knew voting for Brexit meant ending GFA?" 
New British party inspired by Macron seeks to overturn Brexit  
PMs former right-hand man: voters have the right to see #Brexit reports.Too damn right we do & we must be allowed the Right to a Rethink before our Rights are removed & we're made Poorer & the UK weaker.Binding #FinalSay 2018 + an option to #StopBrexit 
Other great British things to look forward to returning post-Brexit: football hooligans, brown sofas, smoking, outside toilets, the dole, Austin Allegros, power cuts, nylon tank tops, weekly bath, izal loo paper, cold rainy holidays, inside tv ariels, work to rule, swirly carpets 
Spotify is down90% of KFC's in the UK r closedRunescape servers are having a fitthere was an Earthquake at the weekendTheresa May is still Prime MinisterTHIS is the TRUE price of Brexit 
I suspect this video on what @JuliaHB1 'reckons' UK should have done in Brexit negs lasted longer than the section of the DExEU/HMT/DIT meeting in which her option was dismissed as impossible (EU could not legally reciprocate) and as leading to an end to UK manufacturing and agri  
New anti-Brexit party aims to overturn EU referendum vote  
Brexit  
The European Court of Justice is to rule on a claim by a group of UK citizens in the Netherlands that they are entitled to keep their EU citizenship after #Brexit . This could mean, by implication, that all UK citizens will retain their EU citizenship, wherever they live.--> 2 
Delighted to provide evidence on #Brexit to @corecities and @CommonsEUexit. I highlighted the importance the European Parliament places on the protection of citizens  
A story being replicated across rural Scotland but @GovUK not listening....LOCH FYNE OYSTERS HIT BY BREXIT  
At the moment, students can study at an #EU university, often much more cheaply than they can in the UK. Fees are lower, but the experience is pricelessAfter #Brexit that door slams shut. Yet another betrayal of young people by this Government & those who voted Leave.#bbcpm 
New British party inspired by Macron seeks to overturn #Brexit  
Would you vote for a new anti-Brexit party that took on the main political parties? 
Fake Twitter accounts are rallying behind Italy's anti-establishment parties  
Sadly so. Figures from the government team in charge of Brexit.  Fully referenced on  
“This suffering and injustice is happening in all our names.” Christian, Jewish, Muslim, Hindu and Sikh leaders unite to urge @AmberRuddHR to put a time limit on detention in her post-Brexit immigration bill  #Time4atimelimit  
Surely the whole point of leaving the EU is that we no longer need Brussels’ permission.  Much analysis about Brexit negotiations presupposes we must remain tied to a permission-based Continental system going forward 
Is Jeremy Corbyn @jeremycorbyn trustworthy enough to be the next UK PM?#Corbyn Controversy.Did Corbyn call Hezbollah his friends?Did Corbyn meet the IRA outside the peace talks?Did Corbyn take money from Iran?Did Corbyn meet with spies?#Politics #CorbynSmear #CorbynTheSpy 
splits in Labour over Brexit are beginning to become a real problem as @jeremycorbyn is an instinctive Brexiteer unlike the majority of his party and shad cabinet 
WATCH: Nobody voted in the referendum to jeopardise peace in Northern Ireland - so why are hard Brexiters calling to scrap the Good Friday Agreement, which underpins peace in Northern Ireland, all in their pursuit of a hard, destructive Brexit. Please RT:  
“The EU need our trade, they need access to our markets. We export far less than they do to us. They need a trade deal. "I have had it from the head of German industry, they need a trade deal more than we do because of the massive trade deficit." #Brexit  
'ReesMogg the new Farage, hard right driving hard Brexit' - I know I was meant to be talking new book, but the change to talk anti-Brexit with Express too good to resist  
Hannan actually takes babies to the top of a ziggurat and cuts out their beating hearts to feed the Brexit god, is what I heard  
Netherlands REFUSE to pay more to plug Brexit blackhole"Netherlands can not accept increasing its gross contribution to EU budget.A smaller EU means a smaller EU budget.New priorities need to be funded from savings of existing programmes."#Brexit #EU 
#Brexiteers now think that risking a return to the bomb and bullet in Ireland is a price worth paying for their vision of #Brexit. This is beyond madness, it is evil. 
UK in danger of adopting 'faith based' Brexit policies if economic forecasts are ignored, warns Damian Green  
"So there you have it. A Brexit vote is not a symptom of low IQ any more than it is of racism. Brexiteers should wave the list of names on  the next time remainers sneer at them." 
The PM has sensibly retreated from the red line that ECJ should have no role post Brexit. That’s the price for keeping European Arrest Warrant.  
I would give almost anything for this to happen. Corbyn in court, cross examined on whether he was a KGB informant. It will go straight into Brexit naval battle / May conference speech Valhalla.  
Fascinating meeting for @CommonsEUexit with @NorwayEU & very impressive ambassador @sletnes in Brussels stressing the importance of single market for the Norwegian fishing industry “Nothing is in as much of a hurry as a dead fish on a lorry” #brexit  
EU withdrawal bill starts in Lords on Wednesday. It will be considerably amended with cross-party support including cross-benchers who bring real world experience to bear on the process. They know how govt and the economy works and how #Brexit won’t #FBPE 
This by @Hugodixon is well-judged. Labour forced government's hand on Brexit transition last August; they can do it again on the future relationship. Whoever first commits UK to stay in the customs union will eventually earn the gratitude of most manufacturing workers.  
She's parroting what the arch Brexiteers avocate, essentially an economic wild west predicated on a race to the bottom, no actual thought for the real consequences, but then that's populist policies for you...essentially a middle class Alf Garnett in make-up. 
Who does Guy Verhofstadt think he is telling the British nation that open immigration must continue for another two years after Brexit giving right of citizenship to another 1 million. When talks end doors close, that's what our people voted for and expect. Auf Wiedersehen mate!  
Would you vote for a new anti-Brexit party like @renew_britain that took on the main political parties? Vote in our poll here  
Meeting on #Brexit w/ local political leaders @EUROCITIEStweet @corecities @DanielTermont. We discussed need for economic, social & territorial cooperation in a new partnership with #UK after orderly withdrawal. 
It’s not a question of whether those new Brexit assessments are “not quite 100% accurate” Mr Green. The point is that everything about Brexit produced by the Treasury previously was 100% inaccurate scaremongering nonsense.  They have 0% credibility now.   
Phase 2 of the Brexit negotiations will falter as the EU insist that Phase 1 is placed into a binding legal framework. The Divorce BillOpen NI border with GFA protected Citizens rightsTick tockThe Brexiteers are in a panic now. #FBPE #FinalSay 
Australia says open to UK joining Pacific trade group after Brexit  The world is getting a bigger and better place 
'There's a great problem of politicians who won't accept evidence' - @damiangreen tells @BBCBenWright that the Brexit analysis reports should be released publicly.  More at 8pm on @BBCRadio4  
‘Brexit Dept stressed would not publish info sensitive to negs or undermining UK’s national interest.’I read this assessment last week; can categorically confirm publication wd not harm negs or nat interest. Damages govt reputation & case for #Brexit tho  
Plainly the word has gone out on that ERG WhatsApp group that Northern Ireland is a fundamental stumbling block to hard Brexit. Therefore the narrative has to be changed. Very soon we’ll hear that ‘everyone understood they were voting to end peace in NI’. 
Brexiteers plot to ditch EU food & safety standards to stitch up dodgy trade deal with US post #Brexit. For small-scale farmers & food producers a threat to their viability.For consumers chlorinated chicken & hormone-reared beef. #BrexitReality 
Obama interfered in Brexit and tried to stop UK from leaving EU so millions of refugees could destroy their country. Did UK arrest him?  #RedWaveRising2018 
They honestly believe the rules of international trade will no longer apply if we leave. Nothing she has said is legal - WTO will not allow any of it. 
What's wrong with Brexit?We can't have any cake.The NI border issue cannot be resolved.The economic case is flawed.Our allies are appalled.Our citizens have been conned.The PM has no viable plan.#FinalSay #FBPE 
Voters in Northern Ireland backed remain - we hope that JC stands behind the democratic intentions of his party membership and citizens in Northern Ireland. Hard Brexit isn't a theoretical risk to to those in NI, it's a personal risk they didn't vote for.  
Even Theresa May’s former deputy, Damian Green, is saying that the Government should release their secret Brexit impact assessments for the public to see  
Brexit London is Europe’s tech capital  
ANDREW PIERCE: Proof Brexit rebel Anna Soubry did join SDP  via @MailOnline 
This is where the clash of Brexit with reality exposes the real motivations of our politicians. This was never about the NHS or the people having more control. Brexit is an extreme RW/LW ideology dressed up as democracy. Ugly isn’t it?  
In praise of the ‘brainy’ Brexit Brits  
It's even worse than that - Owen Paterson has said the same, and he was Northern Ireland minister! It's a coordinated effort to make a return to violence in NI a price worth paying ofr Brexit. 
It's another example of a worrying trend among British politicians, of Brexiters who have no knowledge of or interest in the Northern Ireland peace process using it as collateral damage to try and get a hard Brexit 
If you'd said in the late '90s that Britain, the Netherlands, Sweden & Germany would witness major populist right revolts, the AfD wd be inching ahead of the SPD, a comedian-led 5Star wd top the polls in Italy & Brits wd have backed Brexit, you'd have been laughed out the room... 
But this piece from Hannan is very clearly not about that. He's spotted that the Good Friday Agreement is a major obstacle to him getting the hard Brexit he wants and is trying to change public opinion against the GFA for misleading reasons 
Britain’s manufacturing industries will be worse off in every situation after a hard #Brexit. @theresa_may must wake-up from her delusional #Brexit dream and give the people a chance to vote on the deal, with an option to #ExitFromBrexit. 
The GFA is in the way of achieving their ideological, pure Brexit.Their ideology does not fit the GFA puzzle, so in their eyes it must go.They should be dismissed immediately however, we don't really have a very functioning government so that seems unlikely. 
Mayor of London @SadiqKhan urges #London's EU citizens to punish Theresa May for '#Brexit chaos' in spring local elections. 
This is exactly the kind of bold and ambitious thinking we need post-Brexit. As America steps back from its role as a leading force for trade liberalisation, the UK can step forward at the WTO and other trade groups.  
Tory #Brexit is about obtaining a tax haven by whipping up xenophobic English nationalism. On neither side of this #Brexit picture is there any room for care about Northern Ireland.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
No Rees-Mogg at the Brexit Committee meeting with Guy Verhofstadt just now. You may not agree with him Jacob, but at least bother to show up.  
More Dutch #Preparedness: Dutch Ministry of Finance plans to hire customs agents mainly needed for their ports. Be assured: Preparations of #German Ministry of Finance @BMF_BUND for #Brexit also in full swing 
Hey @DanielJHannan. Your good friend @Otto_English was wondering if you were going to reply to his tweet highlighting your blatant inconsistencies over #Brexit and the damage it will do to peace in Ireland. But he can't see because you've blocked him. Cheers. #FBPE 
Total cringe lord and EP’s chief Brexit negotiator Guy Verhofstadt: “You feel the EU is getting more popular”  
#Brexit gives the EU Parliament the 'Opportunity' to tighten rules in such a way as to never allow a member state to leave again ... does that sound like the words of a trading bloc or of a dictatorship to you ?#Grexit #Portexit #Italexit #Spexit ? 
UKIP leader's reasoning for Brexit: "we want British fish for British fish and chips".  
Our Brexit must be bold and avoid giving in to a limp transition  via @telebusiness 
#Australian #ForeignMinister floats the idea of #Britain joining the #TransPacific Partnership post #Brexit something we couldn't do if still tied into the protectionist #CustomsUnion There are many opportunities available to Brexit Britain for those willing to see them   
Britain should make its own rules on services and the City after Brexit  
RT- say Leave meant Leave! Not trapped in "transition" obeying ALL EU law AFTER Brexit. Years more of disastrous CFP means Britains fishermen are staring down barrel of a gun #SaveBritainsFish @johnredwood @OwenPaterson @KateHoeyMP @Nigel_Farage @LeaveEUOfficial @LeaveMnsLeave 
Wanted! Ideas to make Britain better after Brexit. Please get in touch. Making documentary for @BBCRadio4 on the possibilities.  
To celebrate #Vote100 I’m posting this picture of my Mum. She’s 93, voted for this first time in 1945 for Attlee, switched from Labour to @theSNP at the Govan by-election in 1967, voted in 2014 for independence, and voted in 2016 against Brexit.  She always votes.  
#TuitionFeesthe #Tory Government finally sees fit to assess the impact of crippling student debt after inflicting it upon a generationIs this why they haven't published any #Brexit impact assessments?The young are just guinea-pigs for their sick ideological experiments! 
We're presenting high-quality arguments in favour of Brexit which don’t get into the press or the BBC says Graham Gudgin of @briefing4brexit 
Perhaps its time to remind the Government they merely work for us.Petition demanding Brexit WITHOUT transition hits 30k but Government REFUSES to accept it  
Less than 15k signatures to go b4 they HAVE to debate in Parliament!Please ensure everyone in your family has signed to get us over the line. RT like crazy!Petition: Parliament's vote on the Brexit deal must include an option to remain in the EU.  
.@DamianCollins and his junket committee know there was no Russian influence in Brexit so now they’re attacking Russian news sites. By that logic the BBC is complicit in interfering in basically every election in the world. When are we making arrests?   
Guy Verhofstadt: ‘Not Acceptable’ for UK to Limit Immigration After Brexit. What has it got to do with him or the EU post Brexit? 
Yes, I feel the same, Im British & #NotEuropean. No one has the right to force me to choose, either.   It's why I voted #Brexit  
the penny has dropped. No hard Brexit is possible while the GFA lives. Brextremists new task: Kill the GFA.  
Sadiq Khan tells EU citizens to punish PM for 'Brexit chaos' in spring vote  
continuing with brexit event though we know the consequences  
Your narrative has fallen apart in the U.S, @DamianCollins. Wind up your committee, repay UK taxpayers for the costs of your junkets, and apologise for spreading fake news about #Brexit, now...   
.@briefing4brexit: We want to counter the accusations that Brexit supporters are ill-educated or mislead  
How on earth did a mandate for leaving membership of the EU become a mandate for tearing up the Good Friday Agreement? We must stop the crusade. Reject the hard Brexit narrative. Whoever's 'will' this is I don't care. It's outrageous. 
New British party inspired by France's Macron seeks to overturn Brexit  
Framing cooperation as ‘loss of control’ is a populist rhetorical device that's starting to be exposed as such, as government is finally having to face the hard reality of what Brexit really means – and how much we actually stand to lose if we leave the EU  
#BREAKING Spain's National Court summons former Catalan police chief Josep Lluís Trapero for Friday, adding a new crime of sedition related to the independence referendum pic.twitter.com/L2NpSGBbji 
Lots of people voted for Brexit. How many of them thought they were ushering in a gang of rogues prepared to take a hammer to the Good Friday Agreement (an international treaty) & thereby ruin our standing in the world?#FBPE #WATON 
Brains for Brexit: UK Intellectuals Break Ranks with Pro-EU Academic Establishment   
Dear Comrade Corbinski, I believe you are selling British government secrets & I would like to bid for the following:> Lovely Mrs May's phone number. £1,000.> If that is not possible then Diane Abbott's number. £1.> Labour's REAL policy on Brexit. £500,000.Roubles OK? Sergei. 
Brexit zealots have shown conclusively that they don’t care about consequences. Auto-industry & its highly skilled labour force & supporting communities of Sunderland, Derby etc can go to the wall. Good Friday Agreement can be torn up. For the zealots it’s Year Zero if necessary  
If you look at their website, this new anti-Brexit party @Renew_Britain is just a bunch of rich Londoners. 
"The greatest nightmare for the Brussels bureaucracy is a mutually advantageous EU-UK agreement" - Yanis Varoufakis, former Greek Finance Minister who battled the Troika humiliating Greece#Brexit  
Data protection is no joke, and Liam Fox and Bojo haven't a clue what it entails, or the impact shunning GDPR would have.  Research collaborations within the EU lead the world.  Our Brexit Ministers can't even lead their own Gov't.   We need the #FinalSay 
#Farage : Money #Soros Gave to Anti-Brexit Campaign Is ‘The Tip of the Iceberg!            #fo2eu 
Brexit... IN SPACE!Very pleased to announce that my latest article on British space policy, space power, Brexit, and transatlantic security is now published with @BritJPIR @SAGECQPolitics LINK: @HyPIRUoL @PoliticsLeicsU @DefenceResearch 
“What we are trying to do is present high-quality arguments in favour of Brexit, many of which have not been made, and don’t seem to get into the press, or in some cases the BBC I am afraid” Graham Gudgin of @briefing4brexit when asked about need for group of pro-Brexit academics 
Yesterday saw the 13th fatal stabbing in London and we aren’t even through February yet. Despite this horrific event, Khan spends his time on attacking Brexit or pushing PC nonsense.  Londoners are crying out for a proper Mayor who will focus on real London issues.  
So you manage to get the FM to answer a Qs about a pop star that doesn’t like her BUT can’t get Mundell or Ruth to answer on Brexit impact - see the problem here? 
Today on Uncensored: London knife crime, George Soros and Brexit good news.  
BBC Editor admits Brussels is “terrified” that UK’s departure from EU will be so successful, their only option is to punish us with a crippling Brexit deal. Time to stand firm @theresa_may No transition, just out of CU, SM, ECJ & ECHR 
Over 16,000 Labour members wrote to Jeremy expressing their fears regarding Brexit.  JC is ignoring 78% of his members who want a #FinalSay and 85% who want to stay in the customs union. We need the #FinalSay and #RemainForTheMany not Brexit for the few.   
1) hard Brexit is impossible to square with the current situation in Northern Ireland, so hard Brexit extremists want to risk the latter in pursuit of the former 2) this Govnt cannot be the honest broker in NI required by the GFA when totally reliant on DUP votes at Westminster 
I am shocked that Brextemists are now turning their fire on the Good Friday Agreement. Do they really care more about their hard Brexit fantasies than peace and security in Northern Ireland? Reckless, irresponsible and dangerous. Our public discourse falls further every day.  
Rowena is spot on.  "The poor, thick, northerners"  voted for Brexit is a sloppy, victim signalling, media narrative pushed by Leave. The votes which won Brexit are Southern, pensioned, homeowners who are insulated from the effects of Brexit.  
The result of Gujarat Municipality elections today is the people's referendum on development in the state. 
Australian Foreign Minister floats the idea of Britain joining the Trans-Pacific Partnership post-Brexit, something we couldn't do if still tied into the protectionist Customs Union.There are many opportunities available to Brexit Britain for those willing to see them!   
A regular reminder that most dictators were elected. They become dictators because they don’t allow voters to change their minds. #brexit 
Apparently #Brexit means messing around with the Good Friday Agreement.  Who voted for THAT when they ticked the 'Leave' box? 
Watching Brexit is like watching someone try and plug a coaxial aerial cable into a HDMI port. There is a lot of anger, a lot of swearing, and a lot of remarks about how this used to work before. 
Imagine if Labour actually had a policy on Brexit.It'd be great because the country would then know what their position is *and*They'd immediately lose half their support. Oh. Now I see why they don't bother. 
1) I lived through the Troubles, born NI in 1970.2) Nothing in the GFA is dependent upon EU membership.3) #Brexit is NO threat to NI peace.4) You're using the death of my countrymen as a political tool & it disgusts me, particularly given your leader is an pal of the IRA.  
“Thanks to EU law, we're no longer charged a fortune for using our phones in the rest of Europe. Thanks to Brexit, that could all change.” Good piece from @VICE on yet more brexit costs with zero upside.  
Worth remembering that before the Referendum Major & Blair (and Clinton), key players in the peace process, issued an explicit warning of what Brexit would mean for GFA and NI. Dismissed by Brexiters as Project Fear:  
The #GoodFridayAgreement hinders extremists’ ludicrous Brexit scheme, so they declare it “Broken”. These people really are dangerous lunatics, jeopardising peace on the island of Ireland in pursuit of a broken ideological dream. 
Don't be angry AT brexit voters. Be angry FOR them.  
If you're laughing at the North-East for being the worst affected by Brexit, you're part of the problem. Did you study EU law/economics, or did you simply trust your politicians's advice?They were told Brexit would fix, not worsen the problems they face.  
Michelle Barnier clarifying what the Lib Dems have been saying for months – there is no trade deal that can avoid all barriers to trade.  No such deal can make up for us leaving the customs union and single market.  #Brexit will be an economic catastrophe for the UK. 
The Hard Brexiters attack on the Good Friday Agreement is terrifying. It’s yet more evidence that they want a ‘No Deal’ Brexit at all costs - even if it means destroying 20 years of peace in Northern Ireland.It’s utterly shameful. They are putting zealous ideology before peace. 
The local elections in May are an opportunity for Londoners to send the Tory Government a message that we don’t want their chaotic extreme hard Brexit approach.  
Some people believe that because our economy survived the vote itself, Brexit might be OK.The real effects of leaving the EU come from leaving the EU. That hasn't happened yet. Here's the best you can hope for: 
Some people think it's too late to stop Brexit.That's simply not true. 
One of the most damaging narratives in the whole Brexit debate is the idea that Brexit happened in 2016 and that we've already left. Consequences: 
Thread on the growing attack by Brexiters on Good Friday Agreement, apparently due to their (belated) realisation of its implications for hard Brexit and willingness to sacrifice GFA in order to have hard Brexit.  
So Leavers now want to get rid of the Good Friday Agreement to secure their Brexit.That means: 》A hard border in Northern Ireland》No deal with the EU》The return of terrorism》A break in the transatlantic partnershipAll based on a wafer thin win in an advisory referendum 
The labour spy fairytale is a distraction for the problems facing the Tories.There's stalemate in N.Ireland,the final Brexit deal could be voted down triggering a GE,signatures are piling up for a Tory leadership contest & to top that they're facing a wipeout in local elections 
Why is Jeremy Corbyn so reluctant to challenge Theresa May on Brexit at Prime Minister’s Questions?  
Today’s @EveningStandard exclusives: Damian Green says voters deserve to see Brexit evidence and criticises politicians who ignore it & ex Minister George Bridges writes Government’s ‘crossed fingers’ on Brexit isn’t good enough & German MEP leader: UK must provide more detail  
Most British businesses can't wait to ditch Brussels because they believe Brexit will boost the economy  
Loving the Brexiters wanting to overturn the GFA referendum result but not wanting anyone to mess with their referendum result.Hypocrites.. 
Sandra Khadhouri is the co-founder of a new party called #Renew & they  want to #RethinkBrexit. They're very clear that #Brexit will not be good for the country.#StopBrexit #FBPE @Renew_Britain 
This latest nonsense from Brexiters is utterly cynical.They cannot Brexit without ruining Northern Ireland and the GFA so they are tweeting a storm that it's past its sell-by anyway.That peace is an absolute miracle.  The GFA is needed as much today as when it was signed. 
The case for Brexit is intellectually bankrupt. The campaign for Brexit was dishonest. The legislation for Brexit was rubber stamped. The reality of Brexit will be grim; the truth about Brexit is suppressedWe must support a Remain party in parliament Vote Remain Be Remain #ABTV 
In the 2017 general election, Labour embraced Brexit, accepting the need to end EU free movement, a policy which had been at the core of voters’ distrust of the party, writes Richard Johnson.  
On their 'Brexit Away day' today, the Labour Party leadership should remember that there is no left-wing case for leaving the Single Market & Customs Union. Please RT so everybody knows:  
Now that the Brexiters have finally worked out that the Irish border is an insurmountable obstacle to Brexit, @OwenPaterson & @DanielJHannan falsely claim that the GFA is dead & will risk peace to impose their Brexit. But it is Brexit that's dead - let's give it decent burial. 
Sadiq Khan tells EU citizens to punish PM for 'Brexit chaos' in spring vote  
NUMBER 1: Brexit London is Europe's tech capital - it's got almost 100,000 more software developers than anywhere else.But Project Fear said the capital would be a smouldering wreck by now... 
The UK car industry is already having a panic attack. The layoffs have started even though we're still in the EU. And take it from me: there is no way we're getting tariff-free access or just-in-time movement of parts post-Brexit.The factories WILL LEAVE. Guaranteed. 
I have no doubt that the Irish people will vote to repeal the 8th Amendement.What I said was that it's fair comment that there is a job of work to be done to inform voters like in any referendum.#8committee #repealthe8th 
Have Brexit negotiations, er, broken down?  
Great words from inspiring young man @calummillbank.#Brexit is sucking the life out of Parliament & distracting us from tackling issues that will make a real difference like inequality, NHS crisis, housing, homelessnes, and the list goes on. #Brexit will only make us poorer.  
So it’s a choice between a leap into the Brexit unknown tied to a lunatic Tory government or a leap into the Indy unknown under a free and independent Scottish government?Tough choice.Not.  
More wisdom from the Brexit right. The cure for sky-high fees is ... even higher fees!  
Incredible to witness Wrexiteers led by the ridiculous Dan Hannan willing to throw away the Good Friday Agreement to secure their ridiculous Brexit because it "failed." 
#Brexit is a straight choice between those who believe in open-mindedness, tolerance & a diverse society in which barriers between peoples are removed..who consider a #FinalSay on the deal, democratic & those who don't. I stand firmly in the former camp.#StopBrexit & #Remain 
If there’s one thing that’s universal across both sexual health and brexit it’s that pulling out is neither pleasurable nor an effective method of control.  
On train to Birkenhead. As ever, no 4G or wireless. Govt too busy with Brexit to sort it out & @Ofcom useless. @MattHancock 
On the anniversary of his death, let's remember #UmbertoEco through some of his words: "It is culture, not war, that cements our [European] identity".#FutureofEurope #CulturalPlaces #culturalrelations #culturaldiplomacy #FBPE #Brexit #Waton #Olympics  
Just discovered in 2001 there was a successful campaign to get Brussel sprouts renamed as British sprouts. We deserve Brexit. 
The programme for our Brexit Science and Innovation Summit has now been announced  
It’s taken seven years for the tories to realise tuition fees are too high?Oh good, only another five years for them to realise Brexit is a huge mistake. #TuitionFees 
Something going on in Tories re: #Brexit & UK: All this "Good Friday agreement has failed" spin coming from Brexiteers (Hannan, Paterson) not just abt Brexit but a right-wing xenophobic English nationalist version of Britain. Beware this rest of UK. And can Corbyn wake up fast? 
Over the weekend, memo from right-wing groups linked to Liam Fox revealed plans to push for a protections stripping UK-US deal post-Brexit. MPs on @CommonsEFRA also released a report looking at just how damaging that would be for farmers and animals alike  
Variable tuition fees based on course cost is just stupid.  I have come to the conclusion that Theresa May is actually pretty thick.  From arbitrary immigration targets to Brexit negotiation strategy... All stupid and poorly thought out. 
"They'll have to stop Brexit. If nothing else it'll wreck the Good Friday Agreement."*Tories start insisting the Good Friday Agreement is past it anyway*People who wondered why I had such urgency from day one opposing this? I knew exactly how low the Tories would go. 
The elections are an important opportunity to tell both Brexit parties to get real about Brexit. We do not want a fascist state and we do not want a communist state.  We want the European Union  #StopBrexit2018 #FBPE 
Hey @DanielJHannan What's that about throwing stones in glass houses? Putin wants #Brexit as part of his hybrid war against the EU and Western democracy, and your Tory government is giving him Brexit. Who is betraying the country Dan!#BrexitBetraysBritain #StopBrexit #FPBE 
There's one criterion on which the Good Friday Agreement will always be a huge success compared to Brexit: endorsement by the electorate. 71% in Northern Ireland, 94% in Republic. 
A company which announced a ferry service between Great Yarmouth and Holland has postponed the plan due to fears over Brexit.Perhaps not so clever for the people of Great Yarmouth to have voted by 72% for #Brexit.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
An appeal to all sane #British peopleWhether you voted #Leave or #Remain, can we please all agree that #Peace in Northern Ireland is a bridge too far for #Brexit?/1.  
Despite all the evidence, Brexit voters cling to faith that “it’ll all be alright”. Of course, it will be: for the billionaire tax-avoiders. 
It’s really important we remember / learn how awful “The Troubles” were.Brexit MUST NOT BE ALLOWED to break the Good Friday Agreement.#HydeParkBomb#DocklandsBomb#BishopsgateBomband many others! 
Rees-Mogg has admitted that the UK can currently veto EU rules, but won't be able to after the UK leaves.Half of UK exports go the EU so have to comply to EU regulations; regulations that the UK will lose any veto over.Tell me again, how is #Brexit taking back control? 
I’M THINKING ABOUT BREXIT! WHEN IT WILL BE & WHETHER THERE WILL STILL BE TUNA. WAIT. I MEAN BREAKFAST. I’M THINKING ABOUT BREAKFAST. #Gimme 
For the avoidance of doubt, the person calling out these falsehoods is an expert at an English university. Please take note Scottish media. #brexit 
Scottish Government criticised by think-tank for “woefully misleading” report which claimed cuts to immigration after Brexit could cost the Scottish economy up to £10 billion a year by 2040.  
'Those who looked closest ran away fastest' says MP re Carillion: a very apt remark re Brexit too: so many who voted Leave are now Remain. That is why May Mogg and Corbyn are so afraid of a referendum with Remain as an option. 
Remember how we were told that Brexit Britain would finally restrict globalisation and make sure ordinary people don't get left behind, and instead we're getting a "Global Britain" designed for multinationals? 
Important that we listen to voices from Northern Ireland, where Brexit may have the most profound consequences for prosperity and peace.  
24/ It is important to note for democratic reasons that the people can stop Brexit if it turns out it will harm our security and prosperity and the people advocating it show themselves to be liars. Don't let anyone else tell you otherwise  
You can't ask THAT! The latest cartoon from @SKZCartoons on Brexit policy.  
The GFA is not failing!The GFA stands as an unmovable roadblock to their dream of a hard brexit.So they are trying to claim falsely that is failing.When is fact the brexiteers have failed and are continuing into fail.#StopBrexitSaveBritain#WATON#Remain#FBPE 
The Tory Party is the main priority for Tory Policy, not the national interest. From Brexit to Education to Immigration to Health - Tory ideology is to reduce state so the rich can 'win' and Tories can remain in power. Orwell's 1984 was a story not a manual!! #NastyParty 
‘The only honourable way out of this bind, if parliament is not to be a bystander, would be for the politicians to ask the people again if they accepted the deal in another referendum.’ #ExitFromBrexit #FinalSay 
In today's Brexit Briefing: UK must not be allowed a post-Brexit competitive advantage in financial services, says leading MEP Guy Verhofstadt | Most British businesses can't wait to ditch Brussels because they believe Brexit will boost the economy  
Handled as it has been, this Brexit is loosing the fragile support of middle England, or rural Britain. The young deplore itThe support was never as robust as was claimed, and now it is falling. Is our politics taking account of this?  It has to for things to be sustainabile. 
Tackling the shambles of this Brexit may be as palatable as getting into a bath of cold vomit for our political class. But it’s their duty and they must.  And if they had done their jobs properly, they wouldn’t be required to attend to this mess. 
My little girl’s messages to her late granddad are by far the loveliest thing I’ve ever shared on Twitter, or pretty much anywhere else. The replies took on a beautiful life of their own.But if you’ve followed me expecting more of the same, I’m sorry.It’s back to Brexit now. 
Things brexiters don’t give a shit about as long as there are fewer foreigners after Brexit:1. Being poor (obvs)2. Peace in Northern Ireland (duh)3. Literally anything that gets in the way of there being slightly fewer foreigners in their (very low-immigration) village  
Dear politicians, it’s not your duty to ‘respect’ the Brexit referendum, it’s your duty to be honest with the British people and do what’s best for the country. Otherwise why are you in Parliament? Country before career and party. 
There is no political or economic benefit to #Brexit. That is now clear to all including Brexiters. It's now time for rationality to take hold of govt and this fanatical nationalistic cult that controls the Tories to be consigned to the dustbin of history.#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Reason I tweet so much about Ireland and Brexit is partly my biography - I’m from near border and worked in NI for years - but also Brexiteers blasé, ignorant approach to NI suggests they’re doing same across piece, that there’s no Brexit plan beyond conflagration 
But what about the ‘will of the people’, Daniel? A massive majority across Ireland (including a majority of unionists) voted for Good Friday in a REFERENDUM. Now it’s ‘failed’ and should be thrown on the bonfire and replaced w/nothing presumably. This is frighteningly dangerous 
It’s bizarre!  You’d think the Brexit generation would be the one to remember the IRA terrorism threat most yet their Brexit masters now seem to want to scrap the Good Friday Agreement that bought us peace. #GFA#StopBrexit 
Many in DUP opposes Good Friday, and still do but don’t say it too loudly. Now Brexit wing of Tories shouting it from rooftop. So if Good Friday has failed what do Gove, Hannan etc want to replace it with? 
"One senior EU official is very pessimistic. The impasse over legally copperfastening the UK’s no-hard-Border commitment could shortly, single-handedly, bring the Brexit talks process to a crashing halt, the source warns." via @IrishTimesOpEd 
And, yet, I don’t see farmers loudly demanding a change in tack by Tories on #Brexit - farmers should apply every ounce of pressure they can to  Scotland’s 13 Tory MPs who repeatedly vote for damaging ‘hard Brexit’ options, rather than their constituents’ wishes & best interests.  
#A50challenge will prove Brexit is illegitimate and give control back to parliament.  
A cross party Commons committee warns Brexit would mean a huge rise in food prices. No-one voted to be poorer @Labour4EU @labour4europe @London4Europe @EuroLabour #Brexit  
The number of Labour voters who voted remain vastly outstrips those who voted leave. Labour must take on board this rigorous research @Labour4EU @labour4europe @BestForBritain #Brexit  
Do you think selling off the NHS to US corporations and the return of a hard border in Ireland are a price worth paying to achieve #Brexit? 
Some of Britain’s top academics and thinkers — from the left and right — have banded together to put the positive political and economic case for #Brexit.   
Not blinkers mate, just haven't seen a compelling argument for Brexit that didn't turn out to be lies, naivety, misunderstanding of how the EU works or just extreme wishful thinking 
Two years ago today David Cameron got the UK's "special status" deal and the EU referendum campaign began. 
The Dutch are preparing for Brexit. I must have missed the story about UK hiring hundreds more customs officers:  
Brexit has failed because it cannot accommodate the Good Friday Agreement. Not the other way round. 
She doesn't need to. Brexit is a big enough joke by itself 
Barry knew about Russians interfering with our elections for AT LEAST 2 years, yet I don't hear (well..read) you complaining about HIM not doing anything. Maybe it's because Barry was busy dropping $450k while interfering with the Israeli elections, then the Brexit vote  
The NHS & other key employers have been hit by the UK reaching its cap on visas for skilled non-EU workers - for the 3rd time in 3 months. Now a long-term problem! This is going to get much worse when Brexit hits. Immigration is vital for the UK to work... #StopBrexit #r4today 
Trouble is, by the time people realise they are going to be poorer it will be too late. It may already be too late. Even though more and more information is coming out about Brexit, the overwhelming message is the vote is done and we have to go through with it whatever the damage  
Please RT - PLEASE SIGN PETITION TO END EXPORT OF LIVE ANIMALS AFTER BREXIT  
Come on then @rachelparris show some back bone and do a monologue on with a pro brexiview point I bet you can’t  as you would rather Go with the flow of europhile comedians . All I’ve seen you do is relentless anti brexit crap you can do better I hope 
Nothing is sacred on the alter of brexit. Peace agreements. U.K. citizens security. Brexiteers desperation to achieve their ideology is verging on insane. History and their part in it will be an absolute howler of a chapter 
There is no tory brexit or labour brexit there is just brexit and it is the biggest peacetime disaster the UK has ever faced. @UKlabour support for Brexit is an outrage against democracy. Our democracy demands MPs are reps not delegates and you all know Brexit is wrong 
The pro-Khalistan groups have largely gone unchecked under the Trudeau regime and are planning to hold an independence referendum in Toronto on June 17, 2020. Trudeau’s refusal to meet @capt_amarinder is not just disrespect to Punjab but an ultimate disrespect of India. 
Early start today. Off to Brussels with @corecities to meet Michael Barnier, @guyverhofstadt & @Eurocities If Brexit has to happen, then it's critical for UK cities to retain the strong, open links we have with other European cities. 
Ruth Davidson warns Theresa May she will not accept no deal Brexit   Looks like Ruth's Backers have told her to make her move, Lol 
BREXIT & IRELAND: Coordinated effort by Brexiters & DUP seems to be underway to end Good Friday Agreement. See statements by Arlene, Daniel Hannan & Owen Paterson (an ex NI Secretary!). This really is playing with fire. 
These bastards are finally coming to the realisation that there can be no Brexit that respects the GFA, so now they’re attacking it.  English nationalist extremists.  If you still support the utter folly that is Brexit, shame on you, including @theresa_may @jeremycorbyn  
I never thought it possible to despise these people more.  Turns out I was wrong.  20 years without sectarian violence but the GFA has failed.  Try telling that to the people of NI.  Clearly you must have brexit at ANY cost.  
The “Fuck off” at the end perfectly illustrates just how childish she and all the other Brexit supporters are, not grasping the actual reality of all this 
How has GFA failed when it's saved hundreds of lives that would otherwise have been lost?What do you propose as a replacement?How dare you write off peace in NI as the price for your arrogant, unachievable Brexit delusion? 
When the public see some details the Brexit polls will really start to move.  
I’m sorry but the Good Friday Agreement has not failed. Those who have inherited it are defecating over it, but it has stood the test of time. Do not dare sacrifice what so many struggled hard to achieve so that you can have your precious hard Brexit. It’s not yours to sacrifice. 
I worked with @BillTieleman on no-STV but subject to seeing referendum question, I expect I’ll vote for #pr4bc Convinced by @DianneWatts4BC and @Wilkinson4BC who say #BCLiberals will never be majority gov without unfair #FPTP 
1.I've started many times to set out, point by point, exactly how I'm affected by Brexit, as a Brit who's lived abroad for 11 yrs, but never applied for residency or citizenship because, like many others, I didn't have to. I get so upset setting it out, I give up. 
I'm less concerned about Corbyn's past than the fact that he & Mr Cleverly are both supporting #Brexit, which, if the US Mueller investigation is any illustration, was massively driven & secretly promoted by the Russians  
If nothing else, Brexit makes abundantly clear that Britain, as a political entity, is and always has been an English nationalist project. 
Big Brexit Rally coming!Show your support for kindred spirits in Britain!#WarriorLes#Brexit#AdjunctProfessr 
People like Hannan and Paterson will stop at nothing to get their brexit. A return to civil war is a price worth paying to them, their foreign-funded think-tanks and their tax-dodging patrons.  
Brexit Ultras: Sovereignty! Will of the people!Scotland: Yes, the Scottish people are Sovereign.N. Ireland: Yes, the the GFA is the will of our peopleIreland: Yes, and of our people, & we're a Sovereign State.Ultras: No! No! No! Not that sovereignty, and not those people! 
I too "accept" the referendum result, in that I acknowledge that it happened. However, I don't "respect" it in that it wasn't an instance of democracy. Quite apart from all the referendum's other flaws, democracy absolutely requires an informed electorate. 
Enough of "cake and eat it" wishful thinking on Brexit. It's time for the govt to make a choice, says UK's former EU Commissioner, writing for Reaction @reactionlife. UK should make its own rules on services and the City, says Lord Hill 
Brexiters willing to bring down the Good Friday Agreement to make Hard Brexit possible are willing to risk the renewal of near civil war conditions on British soil to achieve their ideological goals.What else are they willing to bring down? 
Brexit can be stopped, says @vincecable."The chances of stopping it are now quite high," the @LibDems leader says.Keep campaigning to #StopBrexit - it's working. #FBPE. 
We're being lied to daily by the Tory party on the state of Brexit negotiations and the impact it will have on the economy. 
It would be unforgivable for Remainers to stop Brexit and not fix the inequalities in this country that pushed people to vote for Brexit.  
Welcomed news that @teamponty has backed our place in the EU #SingleMarket. Time for @UKLabour to take note.The people voted for the "exact same benefits" and deserve #FullAndUnfettered access.#Brexit  
There now seems a coordinated effort by brexiteers to end the "Good Friday Agreement" as @DanielJHannan joins other Tory politicians in publcly writing it off. #Brexit cldnt be made to fit the GFA, so itsn't Brexit that must find the compromise, but the GFA that must be destroyed 
Found this, while walking my dog Nigel, on the beach of Hook of Holland this morning. #Brexit  
The sight of Hannan attacking an agreement approved by *two referendums*, in pursuit of a Brexit which Northern Irish voters rejected, is already a stomach churning level of hypocrisy.  
#marr: What happens if @UKParliament votes down the #Brexit deal?  @guyverhofstadt: UK leaves EU without any arrangements, a crisis in British politics and we enter "unknown territory."  #FBPE 
Please excuse the language. But this is a Facebook comment I made just days after the 2016 referendum. #ThrowBack 
Goodnite all of you Great British patriots, & all you lefty peasants!#Brexit   
The Good Friday Agreement is the "will of the people" of Northern Ireland. The level of hypocrisy involved in Brexiters trying to denounce it either without a referendum *or* via a second referendum would be stomach-churning.  
Change is comingIndependence is within our grasp!!!#YouYesYet#indyref2#Referendum#Independence 
The Tory war on the Good Friday Agreement & N Irish peace settlement continues. Worse this is the explicit death knell of thoughtful Tory unionism - unilaterally wanting to tear up the fabric of the union. All for their #Brexit vandalism.  
The hero of EU citizens everywhere. All he needs is a cape.May's Brexit transition demand 'would penalise EU citizens' 
If Theresa May fails to get Brexit deal. Then she will be forced to call a General Election. At the moment I’m more than certain Britain is heading towards another General Election. 
Two surgeries in two years! She is my MSP and I am livid! Brexit impact assessments - @scotgov ones "scaremongering". UKGov ones, worse but Rouble Ruth does a runner and is not questioned. media complicit. She is utterly hopeless. 
Today's Abortion referendum poll: 43% Yes, 35% No, 21% undecided.March 1st 08 Lisbon Treaty referendum poll: 46% Yes, 23% No, 31% undecided.Lisbon 1 was defeated. The Irish will shock world & send a powerful message for the human rights of preborn girls & boys. #SaveThe8th 
So if you can't fit #Brexit into the good Friday agreement then the Good Friday Agreement has failed...really? 
Farming businesses 'could be wiped out after Brexit transition'Contingency plan needed to protect consumers and businesses from impact of tariffs, select committee says.Brexit isn't working. Nobody voted for this mess. #StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
Both Brussels and Dublin are in this exercise of playing political games with the Northern Irish border to ultimately prevent Britain gaining competitive trade advantages once Brexit has concluded, writes Andrew McCann  
More economic self harm.Does it ever occur to Brexit voters to ask why the UK needs to import so many skilled staff? To ask why we haven't educated our own skilled workforce over decades?Clue: it's not the fault of foreigners in Europe. We did this. 
The question is Keir, do you still believe Brexit is the right path for our country? If you don’t, please say so.  
I support this group.But a vote for Labour on May 3rd is a vote for Brexit.Good luck fighting Corbyn.  
Interesting line in  @ShippersUnbound piece on the new top academics and thinkers backing Brexit. They tried to meet Treasury to challenge the gloomy post Brexit assumptions - but were refused. Wrote letters to FT, they weren’t published 
Perhaps because they will be ostracised for not adhering to the Remain groupthink is academia. I hear the same from many City workers I meet who whisper their Brexit support but dare not speak it out loud in their workplace.  
Farming. Not knocked a bit by Brexit. Not troubled. Certainly not about to rebuild the empire.As anyone with half a brain has always said: much of it will be wiped out altogether.  
Jacob Rees-Mogg:Out of European Court of Justice in relation to security is right.And being out of common foreign security is again absolutely what we ought to be doing: taking back control.And taking back control is what people voted for#Brexit #EU 
Keep making the case for what you believe in. The country would now vote Remain, polls show. Worth Labour having a proper debate on its Brexit position.  
Some scholars, especially in fairly junior positions, feel that if they are intellectually honest and express views favouring Brexit, their careers will suffer. We are sorry to say that we think they are right to be worried, writes Professor Robert Tombs  
Thornberry indicates Labour's latest position on Brexit is that they in effect want to stay in the customs union but not the single market. So we would be tied to the rules made by Brussels without any say on them & be unable to negotiate our own trade deals. That's not Brexit!  
Time to move beyond Keir's six tests for #Brexit. Why? Test two can't be met unless you are full members of single market & customs union. Therefore the only debate we should be having is whether our final position is @laboursinglemkt OR @Remain_Labour - there is no other choice 
Brexit must be bold and avoid giving in to a limp transition  
This is Brexit's UK  
Why Brexit could be disastrous for Britain's car industry  
Tomorrow's front page ... May urged to stay in single market: Top EU politician Verhofstadt echoes Scottish Government’s view of ‘least worst’ form of Brexit with his warning to Westminster  
200 Thieving #peers in the #HouseofLords vote to make #journalists #investigating them harder! Abolish the SCUM!  #BREXIT @UKHouseofLords @LibDemLords @LabourLordsUK #Lords #BBC #SKY @LBC #LBC #Tory @Conservatives @UKLabour #Labour #Momentum #LabourParty 
Wise words from a pro-Remain former Foreign Secretary. “...for democratic reasons, Brexit must mean leaving the EU single market” via @FT @BrexitCentral @changebritain 
Thanks @RCorbettMEP for chairing. Very good to hear lots of views on Brexit today from across @UKLabour - and in Leeds too, a city I have strong and fond connections with. 
Cable: "had May gone for a soft-Brexit a lot of pro-EU voters would have gone along with it..a lot of Remainers would have said ‘ok fine,we would rather not leave, but this is something we can cope with and it’s not going to cause a lot of economic harm" 
We are actually starting to win this! #Remain now has 10 point lead over #Leave. Keep going. Don’t let up. March, write, lobby, persuade. Time is short, but there is now light showing at the end of the tunnel.  #Brexit  
Julia Hartley-Brewer proving that Farage / Mogg / Fox / Davis / Hannan / Bone & Redwood haven't monopolised the brand of international trade fuckwittery that works down the pub with Leave voters who fail to realise this madness would finish British industry overnight. pic.twitter.com/ULTp5ryDZE 
Good article in today's Sunday Times by @adamboultonSKY "May's made a hash of Brexit and now the door is open to a second referendum ' … #FBPE @eloisetodd 
'UK needs public vote on Brexit terms', Femi Oluwole tells euronews  
Government statement DESTROYS REMOANERS and confirms Brexit is happening no matter what  via @Your Brexit 
Watch this! Another fantastic piece of work from Phantom Power, stripping bare the consequences of BREXIT to 'Scotland the Brand' thru analysis of Scotch Whisky industry in particular. Top, top Job! Informative thread too!   
Because in Brexitland, ‘no deal’ means ‘no regulations’ or ‘only whatever rules I like.’ It’s a total fantasy. But this is Brexit. /14 
Alas this world no longer exists, which is why Brexit will fail. But it means that trying to engage on detail is pointless /12 
The UK can't get what it wants from #brexit simply because it would be the first time in history that a club treated a non-member better than its members. 
Brexit Causing A 'Non-Violent Civil War' But It Can Be Stopped, Says Vince Cable  
#Brexit is not just a huge mistake. It is fundamentally a coup because this Governement used public funds without parliament authorization to buy DUP's support to their coalition and invoked Art.50 without allowing Parliament to debate and decide over #EURef result #A50Challenge 
Farming businesses 'could be wiped out after Brexit transition'  
Indeed. She’s certainly had zero influence on #brexit & the need to protect the devolved settlement  
These posters are in Mohali. It says Azaadi hi hall2020 Punjab independence referendum I am a bit scared for my family as I am living away from my home. It happed in the past and if it is going to happen again then it’s better to leave the country for the safety of my family.  
Verhofstadt, EP Brexit coordinator: It’s not acceptable for us that rules will continue without change for financial services, for goods, for whatever other business, and only for the citizens, their situation will change. That is penalising citizens. 
Glad to have the chance to politely decline the New Statesman's kind invitation to set up a new party! I'm Labour - & I'm campaigning for Labour to oppose Brexit & focus instead on tackling Britain's social crisis, esp housing, education, NHS, jobs  
Yes, heed your own advice: “get a sense of perspective”, @heidi_mp! @UKLabour can’t stop Brexit. The path @jeremycorbyn & @Keir_Starmer are taking is absolutely the right one. Brexit belongs entirely to the @CONservatives. Let’s see what ‘deal’ they come up with. 
Are you really surprised a British ‘journalist’ is slating a Muslim winger who has 30 goals & 10 assists this season? We all know what this silly old cunt voted on Brexit  
Ireland's 'big mistake is backing EU' in Brexit negotiations, says former Irish Ambassador 
Likewise! We hope the @Labour4EU are successful in their heroic effort to get @UKLabour to see sense over #Brexit. Hope we see you again soon - certainly in #Leeds on 24 March for the #GreatNorthernMarch! 
I'm supporting Anti-Brexit-Tactical-Voting #ABTV in the English Local Elections on May 3rd.At the moment I'm advising Remainers to vote for the Greens and LibDems.If you are another Anti-Brexit party standing in the election, or an anti-Brexit independent, let me know!#FBPE 
Theresa May’s made a hash of Brexit and now the door is open to a second referendum  
“Super hoc enim solum dives Brexit”.Brexit is for the super rich only.  
#ShineALight4EU#Shine4EUCos Brexit is going to cripple the British economy, hurt workers rights and restrict our children's futures  
Pro-EU former Foreign Secretary Malcolm Rifkind: Single market membership post-Brexit would be “particularly unacceptable”, accepting new laws that we are “unable to influence, much less veto”  
James Dyson is going to save us from Brexit. Okay, not actually James Dyson, but business leaders like him: people who will protect their companies’ finances even if it means moving operations out of the UK. Once that reality is inescapable, it will all collapse.  
Gibraltar: the big #Brexit headache the Tories daren't yet talk about. 
Remainers!  Come and see Ian Dunt of Remainiacs and “Brexit - What the hell happens now?” in person on 20th March in Holloway. A non-political event hosted by the Islington Lib Dems. See the Eventbrite ticket for details.  #FBPE #StopBrexit 
‘Not acceptable!’ Free movement MUST continue in Brexit transition, Verhofstadt demands  
Brexit is 9700 hours away. #brexit 
The 'Brexit: Is It Worth It?' bus is coming to #Leeds on its nationwide tour this Friday, 23 Feb, 5pm. Telling the truth about #Brexit. Is it worth the £2,000,000,000 per week that it is going to cost? #Brexit will kill the #NHS. Join us at Cookridge St. 
#Shine4EUCos Brexit has unleashed hate and racism and ignorance and we believe Britain is better than that!  
I reckon most people wish Brexit and the EU referendum had never happened and would simply like to switch the UK off and on again in a massive reboot. 
Rees-Mogg: "I thought Boris..set out a very positive view of Brexit..That it is positive, that there are real economic opportunities from leading & being free of EU regulation. I absolutely agree with the point that people knew what they were voting for"   
LONDON: London remains Europe's tech capital as giants like Facebook and Amazon defy Brexit fears to create more jobs.   
a) He hasn't b) His life quest has been for peacec) The Tory owned media blatantly lied) The people doing harm in this country is the Tory party- 120,000 austerity linked deaths- 307,000 homeless- Killing the NHS- Economy a disaster- Brexit incompetency#ToriesOut2018 
They've had our back and we theirs for over 40 years & May repaid them with Brexit, which I assure you @MichelBarnier is not a message from most of us, or the youth of us, or the best of us. Just the meanest of us, and even then, some didn't know what they were doing #Shine4EUCos 
SOMERSET: Brexit boost as Mulberry pledges to continue manufacturing in Somerset saying English roots are key to success.  
#Shine4EUCos we need to throw light on the LIE that Brexit is inevitable... It ISN'T!!!#Article50 could be revoked TOMORROW!!! #ABTV #StopBrexit #VoteRemain #WATON #LE2018 #FBPE #KickBrexitInTheBallots 
The really laughable thing is either Labour or the Tories trying to campaign as if #Brexit is not going to destroy our economy.All policies currently being talked about are just make believe if we don’t #stopbrexit#fbpe 
Theresa May's defiant Brexit pledge: 'There's no going back'  
Next Sunday is the event where we will join in to shine a light for the EU.I shall #Shine4EUCos I don't want to be stripped of my EU Citizenship against my will & I don't want the UK to bear the cost of Brexit - I'd rather we fund our NHS and stop austerity instead. @W_A_T_O_N 
These facts speak for themselves. If Merkel pushes for a punitive Brexit deal, then large numbers of German businesses will suffer significant losses. Frau Angela has already damaged the social fabric of her country. Will she also harm the German economy?  
20 mths on from the ref & there's no evidence that we'll be better off post #brexit, there's plenty to say we'll be worse off. Brexit'ers don't have to provide evidence, they just have keep us divided for long enough. Keep up the pressure. #Shine4EUCos the door is still open. 
#Shine4EUCos I live and work in France as an EU citizen and love my EU freedoms. I will be in SW France surrounded by my husband and dogs. Brexit will remove a part of my identity 
Having been to Slovakia a few times I can say that this is not a surprise & Brexit will make Eastern Europe the location of choice for automotive engineering in the future - it'll be Airbus wings next migrating from Wales - Brexit is unbelievably stupid.  
My light will be for Remainers and Brexiters alike. I'll #Shine4EUCos Brexit will cost us all.  
Good discussion in #brexit session of #LabourParty #NPF which I chaired today.Strong opposition to the emerging ToryBrexit, which wld damage our economy,lose jobs & endanger rightsStrong contributions from @Keir_Starmer @FrancesOGrady @RLong_Bailey @BarryGardiner &many delegates 
Heidi Alexander is standing up to Brexit and this is the abuse she gets from Corbyn supporters. They don’t care about Brexit as long as Corbyn gains power.  
EU also allows those deemed a public security risk to be prevented from UK entry looking for work and significant numbers are turned back on entry by Border Force every year. The idea UK has no control as a country out of Schengen &EU Common Asylum&Immigration policy a Brexit lie 
Tonight's STOP BREXIT Twitterstorm hashtag is #Shine4EUCos which will link to a great initiative next weekend by @Light4Europe Please use the hashtag in all your Tweets between 6 & 8 pm GMT and RT this to achieve top trending position (again!)@BrexitBin @guyverhofstadt @emmyzen 
I cannot overstate though how much this does my head in. 604 days since the referendum. And the UK govt is still spinning on the stuff that was crystal-clear even before the referendum.  
Ohh you prefer Scots to have a Tory Gov than the (more Nordic) politics of making lives better as Scots see fit ,... Anyway returning to your full support of Tory Brexit 
So Brendan Cox, far-left activist in the UK and prominent anti-Brexit campaigner has been sexually harassing womenHe allegedly was throttling females by the throat and telling them he wanted to "f***" themReminder that Brendan Cox has previously attacked ME on social media... 
But it’s not about those quotes alone is it? It remains extremely difficult to square the many warnings that independence would have been a security catastrophe with the reassurances — from exactly the same people — that Brexit will make no difference to the UK’s security. 
.@heidi_mp & @Alison_McGovern are providing leadership in @UKLabour on the most pressing social justice issue of the moment - #Brexit - which directly impacts on whether we will be able to deliver our manifesto. They should be applauded not abused.  
Ok. You won. Brexit will be great. The UK will have its cake and eat it. And the EU will put the wellbeing of 500 million EU citizens at risk in order to facilitate the delusional wishes of 17 million anti-EU zealots.Well done.  
The BBC have made a mockumentary comedy programme about the Irish border and Brexit. I don’t see what’s funny about this situation myself nor how any humour could possibly be extracted from my current predicament  
I utterly loathe Corbyn for his almost total failure to condemn the monstrous crimes committed against Syria's civilians by Assad, Putin & Iran. But then Corbyn has a soft spot for Russia & its brutal & oppressive allies. No surprise that he backs #Brexit.#FBPE #StopBrexit 
There are 3 trade deals which would really count for #Brexit Britain, those with the EU, USA and China. They are far bigger economies than ours, and won't be desperate to do a deal. Whatever happens we will be well & truly shafted in the negotiations.#StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON 
I don’t want to pick on @NickyMorgan01, but her remarks on Pienaar today absolutely sum up the problem with MPs & Brexit. Like most MPs, she knows SM & CU is least damaging, & Irish border issue is insoluble without CU, but will not vote for amendments guaranteeing either. 1/ pic.twitter.com/sx78LYunyj 
Unless today's generation assumes the the spirit of my generation in 1945 ordinary Britain will be doomed by either #Brexit or neo liberalism. 
Perhaps the government are still waiting for 'the German car industry' to sort out a sweetheart deal, which many leading Brexiters promised would happen *the day after the Referendum* if the vote was to leave.  
Translation: We want you to think we've got everything sorted and finalised on Brexit, so here's a politician who couldn't be reached for comment when the economic analysis was leaked to tell you it's all fine.  
This could be one of the most reckless heartless shameless opinions I've seen in relation to brexit. To be honest, that I've ever seen. This disregard for peace in favour of ideology is how wars start. #ToriesOut #FBPE #GoodFridayAgreement #Peace #doctine #murder 
Labour: - defending Brendan Cox's sexual harassment- defending bullying a woman to stop her being elected- attacking a female MP for wanting to debate #BrExitNot having a good weekend, are they?But remember, criticising Jeremy is a far right plot and encourages extremism. 
I see we’ve moved on from “trying to have intellectual arguments” and are now in the “please stop calling our arguments thick” phase of Brexit  
European Brexit coordinator says transition demands 'would demonise EU citizens' – video  
Things you won’t learn from BBC News #16German CBI on May’s Brexit plan:"The British government has quite clearly lost all sense of time. Instead of specifying concrete proposals with regard to future relations with the continent, London is delaying making its position clear.”  
My son has just withdrawn his application to Eindhoven Un becuase post Brexit the fees go from 2k a year to 26k.@BorisJohnson tries to bullshit us that there is nothing to worry about. Brexit is already destroying ambition 
May, #BorisJohnson, Hunt, Mogg, Farage, The DUP, #Brexit, austerity, NHS underfunding, underwhelming Corbyn... I could go on.Does anyone else feel this is the most depressing political landscape in the UK in so many, many years? 
Great to see yet another campaign group proud of our vote for independence as leading intellectuals form Briefings for Brexit!   
May’s made a hash of Brexit and now the door is open to a second referendum 
Just listened to it on catch up.  This self styled left winger argues for Hard Right Brexit Canada option.  Hannan, Redwood and Rees Mogg would be proud of him.  Then for some reason I remembered AB the fictional Alan B’Stard, the far right Tory MP. Has anyone seen him recently?  
Corbyn, and his front bench are not, doing themselves any favours, by not stating where they stand on Brexit. With 71% of the country, which ever way they voted, just want the government to get on with it, Labour are not making any friends. Just goes to show, how the Left works. 
Am guessing after giving a blowjob to a handful of old academics ‘brains for Brexit’ indeed! next week they ll cover the thousands opposed 
I’m with you Heidi. Labour’s policy on Brexit is...well I don’t know really. Neither do 20,000 others who’ve contacted the party for an open policy debate so as to clarify exactly what Labour will do in the event of a no deal/bad deal scenario or even the possibility of Ref II. 
In the light of the UK prime minister’s pragmatic approach to post-Brexit security this @alexmassie piece from 2013 is worth re-reading.“Theresa May’s grubby little warning: an independent Scotland will be out in the cold.” 
Many Leavers say Britain is overcrowded. But by far the richest place in Britain is crowded & rapidly growing London, and many of the poorest areas have declining or stagnant populations. Globally it is big cities where wealth & talent are congregating. #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit 
I’m 61 and I voted #Remain. Plenty more of us oldies against Brexit, especially here in London. I’m also fighting tooth and nail alongside young people like @albawhitewolf and @Femi_Sorry to stop the insanity of Brexit! #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Everyone now, even the Leave campaign, now acknowledges that the Leave campaign lied, and that it wouldn't have won without those lies.Yet people still say the referendum 'result' must be honoured.I mean, COME ON!! 
.@theresa_may​, #Brexit and @realDonaldTrump​ were mocked on carnival floats during a festival in Dusseldorf, Germany. 
‘We’re sophisticated!’ Jacob Rees-Mogg attacks Remain elite's swipes at Brexit voters  
Brexit is the flat earth theory of politics, argues @MitchBenn. 
A timely reminder as the government attempts to ditch the Charter of Fundamental Rights in its Brexit Bill that equalities hard won are still being undermined. Defend our rights & the rights of others. #together 
Good grief. I simply call for a proper policy debate within @UKLabour on #Brexit and this is what I get. Some people really need to get a sense of perspective.  
Spotted outside the Civic Hall, Totnes. #Brexit #questionbrexit 
Why does brexit appeal to both the extreme right and extreme left? Here's what Eric Hoffer said in 1952 about mass movements. It's as true today as it was then.  … … 
Proper Brexit formation. Four, four, fucking 2.  
442 BREXIT MEANS BREXIT FOOTBALL YES 
A timely reminder, but article not quite right to say Brexiters didn't say a word about it during Ref. They did: dismissing it as outrageous even to suggest that Brexit posed any issues for Gibraltar. Quotes/links/analysis in my blog post of last April:  
So what are the main takeaways of the Munich Security Conference?Predictable comments by Iran, Israel, Saudi.The Saudi/UAE-Qatar spat continuesEU welcomed totalitarian regimes, didn't critique invasions/abusesBrexit funny back-forth w MayWhat am I missing? 
Theresa May has made a hash of Brexit. Now the door is open to a #FinalSay referendum.MPs across party lines need to take back control from the Brextremists.RT to let your MP know you want an option to #StopBrexit and #Remain. 
Ed Mountain's Delfur Farms farming partnership got £92,748.46 in 2016 from the EU's CAP funding. Since the UK Tory Gov will control the funding of agriculture after Brexit he must be getting twitchy and hoping the SNP come up with something  
Guy doesn't know. I don't know. The government doesn't know. We are paying people to deliver a Brexit that they can't decide on and more than half of us don't want. It is failure of the highest order. The only answer is to #StopBrexit and attempt to pick up the pieces. 
Theresa May’s made a hash of Brexit and now the door is open to a second referendum, writes @adamboultonSKY  
Completely agree. Increasingly people appreciate the harm #Brexit will do to UK & the Govt’s approach to #EU negotiations is delusional 
I discussed #Brexit today with @AndrewMarr9. We must mitigate the negative consequences of it and build a close relationship. Citizens shouldn't pay the price. But first we must know what it is that the British Government wants! Share your thoughts here: 
Cameron the father of Brexit; May the mother; Corbyn the midwife.The BBC the anaesthetist  
the floor is brexit britain  
Theresa May’s key demand over the terms of the transition period after Brexit would amount to a “demonisation” of EU citizens in the UK and will be rejected, the European parliament’s #Brexit coordinator, @guyverhofstadt has said. 
My son @andcarlom is one of the youngest contributors to @InLimboBrexit. This is the sort of garbage he received after writing an article about his reflections on post Brexit Britain.@cliodiaspora @The3Million @acgrayling @mikegalsworthy @vdavidmartin @Femi_Sorry 
A basic tenet of the Leave campaigns, along with lower fuel prices, massive investment in the NHS, education and scientific research, was lower food prices. Their lies are unraveling faster than UKIP'S membership list. 
Actually, the main points have been clear for 18 months:》No FOM = No SM = Hard Brexit.》No NI/ROI Border = NI Border with Eng/Sco/Wal.》No SM = No Financial Passporting.》Customs Union Only = No Financial Passporting + No Free Trade.》No Open NI/ROI Border = No Deal.#FBPE 
ICYMI, Nick's #Brexit discussion paper for #NPF18 is excellent. Whatever your view on @UKLabour policy, you should read it. For us, it leads to a clear conclusion: Labour must support full EU membership and lead the campaign to #StopBrexit 
Postal Referendum & Election fraud is rampant in Scotland.That's why nobody comes back to you when you make the claim with proof it isn't.Case of 'Stay silent & it'll go away' 
When people say xenophobia doesn’t exist in Britain any more. Last year I wrote an article on Brexit & a testimony for @InLimbo. I’m an Italian-born British citizen studying at Oxford. This is my home. My post was published on Yahoo News, & I just saw these comments. Take a look: 
Our fellow academics must stop pushing dishonest anti-Brexit propaganda  
It is not acceptable to alter EU rules on the free movement of people during any Brexit transition, the European Parliament’s co-ordinator @guyverhofstadt on #Brexit has warned.  
."I know why the Farages & Rees-Moggs, the Murdochs & the Dacres, want a hard Brexit.In doing so little to oppose them, Labour are facilitating that vision.Cameron the father of Brexit; May the mother; Corbyn the midwife."#CorbynTheMidwife #WATON 
If Labour holds the government to account on its own 6 tests, we will have a strong Opposition party on BrexitNext stage is for @UKLabour to keep the option of staying in Europe on the table: lead not leave 
1. We trade with the whole world through EU. An FTA with China will destroy UK jobs.2. Restricting EU immigration causes skills shortages. Immigration will increase from non-EU.3. Don't believe Leave lies.4. Brexit costs more than we pay in.5. The fish we want swim elsewhere.  
Nearly 40 leading intellectuals have launched a campaign to back Brexit  
Disgraceful that Labour leadership is still fudging Brexit. @jeremycorbyn must get off the fence now. Failure to do so would betray not only Labour members but the whole of the UK 
Can you imagine how frustrating it's been for me, knowing that my country was being lied to about EU immigration for months before the Referendum, and watching everything that's happened as a result. (see date of above tweet. I had about 20 followers then) 
Well said, Neil Kinnock. Brexit is already hurting NHS staffing & finances. The European Medicines Agency is leaving & a trade deal with Trump is being prepped where we'll see US healthcare corps push into the NHS. Brexit = broken & sold NHS. 
When your country angrily votes Brexit so it can trade more with China, but Germany already does six times more trade with China than we do.. When your country angrily votes Brexit because of a housing shortage, but it's us, we don't build any houses.. 
High time we united to make this known to the EU? - Brussels expects submission. The British do not submit! #BrexitNotSubmit#Brexit  
Labour could deliver its entire 2017 manifesto within the existing state aid rules, as has been repeatedly shown. If what you want is to be exempt from those rules (which the EU is clear is a non-starter, for obvious reasons), then you are in effect advocating a no-deal Brexit.  
Just re-read Keynes’s brilliant essay ‘The End of Laissez-Faire’ for my book Against Brexit with Will Hutton. Sums up today’s challenge: to end complacency of a terrible decade & change the national mindset from deep pessimism to rational optimism with a plan of action! 
Why on earth is someone like Bastani allowed to talk about #Brexit on the national radio, when there are loads of experts available who actually know things about the EU? Genuine puzzlement. 
John McDonnell. We all know he's bonkers but, on Brexit, he says we should we should stay in the Customs Union. Two options:1) He doesn't understand what is going on.2) He's putting it out there to get votes and banks on voters not understanding what is going on.Which? 
Brendan Cox was useful 4 the BBC at the time. Now, he and more importantly the family are just collateral damage in this entire anti-Brexit agenda. Some1 else will come along for them 2 push. 
Just heard @AaronBastani on World This Weekend calling for a hard Brexit. As I missed his introduction I spent a substantial proportion of the interview thinking he was a Tory, especially as he kept talking about what was acceptable to the Tory Party. 
What the story about Brendan Cox reveals is how ruthless and dishonest the MSM, especially the BBC are. They knew about these allegations (see @JuliaHB1) and yet were happy to use him 2 push anti-Brexit agenda. 
Scotch whisky protection (IP rights & trade status) is on the Brexit chopping block. Westminster has let Scottish industry be decimated before, why does anyone expect this time to be any different? Good film @PhantomPower14. 
The problem with many Brexiters...is they do not understand the difference between patriotism and nationalism.#StopBrexitSaveBritain #FBPE #Remain #Brexit #StopFundingHate 
Galileo is the EU’s satellite system.   If the UK is no longer in the EU, then there are security concerns over non-EU companies and nations having intimate working relations with the system. #Brexit  
Hereford says no to Brexit #FBPE #WATON 
May's Brexit transition demand 'would demonise EU citizens'  
Just to clarify: Are these "leading" intellectuals" the same as those 300 business "leaders" published in the Telegraph during the referendum?  
Well done Femi - reality check: EU rules allow the UK to deport citizens from the EU if they become a burden our welfare system.  UK LAW - this occurs after 6 months of looking for work @Femi_SorryThe Truth about Brexit and Immigration. Finally!!  
If Art50 could be extended if necessary so that democratic processes could be completed in the UK, this would spike the most powerful argument against a referendum on the deal, which is that there could not be time for it. 21/ 
Neil Kinnock urges Labour to overturn Brexit. Not sure former EU commissioner steeped in bad old ways of Brussels is poster boy for Remain 
Reversing Brexit — as some academics would like — “would outrage democratic sovereignty, cause dangerous and lasting dissension, and make the United Kingdom an international laughing stock”  
While the media distract us with Boris Johnson buffoonery the real Brexit power games are going on in secret....  
Really love that a reason they give for not reversing Brexit is that we may become ‘an international laughing stock’. Gentlemen, that ship has sailed. 
British Election Study shows only 9% of Labour’s total vote in 2017 as Leave supporters for whom Brexit was most important issueContinued refusal by @jeremycorbyn to adopt #StopBrexit stance begins to look ideological rather than strategic 
Here are 5 big national debates that Britain should have had after the vote for Brexit but has not  
The Sunday Times found 37 "brainy" academics in favour of Brexit. Two economists: One a "visiting professor" the other "an honorary research associate." Slim pickings.   
BBC news continuing to pump out anti-Brexit propaganda. Why is it whenever Remoaners cite the impact on the U.K. of Brexit they never take into account how it also hits Germany, France etc. They never present a balanced view - hence their “news” is worthless propaganda.  
It is not difficult at all. Just requires honesty and courage. You call a referendum, this time a fair one (which doesn't disenfranchise large part of the resident population), win it with a genuine campaign, and call the whole stupid mistake off.  
Lefties must feel battered at the moment. It’s delicious. Fighting on several fronts by defending: - Brendan Cox - Keith Vaz - Comrades Cob & McDonnell - Oxfam - Grooming Gangs - Fudging Brexit - Student/U16 Votes 
NOT AT ALL.#OFOC is for everyone who thinks this country deserves better than Brexit. No matter how old you are. Young people are simply driving it. 
This guy is a hero! One of the 'benefits' of the Brexit farce is that it is uncovering good people like this. The comparison the offer to the drones we suffer now is just gobsmacking.  
On  this morning Scottish Conservatives leader @RuthDavidsonMSP sets the record straight on the Brexit negotiations so far.  
Ah ha. Maybe I’m not a thick racist for voting for #Brexit after all.  #BrainsForBrexit 
All damaged by #Brexit: the #NHS, the #MoD and the #BBC. Please read and share our guest article today by #AlastairCampbell. Link:  #StopBrexit 
A timely reminder of the complex & challenging situation facing #Gibraltar, whose people are another group whose fate was treated irresponsibly by BrexiteersA soft Brexit would do much to ease the situation. Deciding to #StopBrexit would be better still 
Two things becoming clearer every day:1) Hard Brexiteers care so much about Brexit fantasies that they are prepared to put peace and stability in Northern Ireland at risk2) Tory Govnt simply cannot be an honest broker in NI when they are totally reliant on DUP at Westminster 
Labour should be opposing the Tories. Labour should be holding the government to account. Labour should be focusing on the disaster that is Brexit.Labour should be 20 points ahead in the polls.Instead, we get this. The absolute embarrassment of it all.#WeDeserveBetter 
The Truth about Brexit and Immigration. Finally!! Join us at @OFOCBrexit 
Remain Slaves of the EU?No, thanks!EU has been milking Britain for last 40+ years.We've had enough of your flawed Mega State.That's why UK voted to Leave EU.MORE EU meddling is last thing we're interested in!Can't wait for UK to regain its sovereignty...#Brexit #EU 
England's petty nationalist  hissy fit, also known as Brexit, is apparently more important than peace in Northern Ireland. #brexit  
This is the same Theresa May who spoke of the UK as being a 'partnership of equals' but has treated the Scottish Parliament and the Scottish Government with utter contempt throughout the #Brexit process.  
Heard this week at work (Sussex uni) that our new Life Sciences building being cancelled in part due to fall in international student applications since Brexit. Many of my fellow scientists leaving UK already. Mogg threatens the prosperity of the UK. 
I'm really not bothered that #AngelaMerkel deplores the British for Brexit, as a European I deplore the woman who is destroying the once beautiful European continent 
.@EmilyThornberry explains why @UKLabour "cannot see a way forward" without a post-Brexit customs union similar to that which we have now.  
Former Vote Leave Chair @GiselaStuart: I urge the Government to be bold and clear in its objective to negotiate a clean Brexit. If we believe that trust in politicians and institutions matters, then the Prime Minister must deliver what the public voted for  
Hi @johnmcdonnellMP will you take up @campbellclaret's invite to debate Labour's Brexit position for The New European podcast?  
Soros-Funded Anti-Brexit Group Reveals Cash to Be Spent on Summer of Ads, Music Festival, and App  
The shambles of UKIP is what happens when a bunch of authoritarians lacks a big leader. They become a squabbling rabble. No wonder they are completely incapable of understanding the cooperation and compromise for the common good than underpins the EU.#StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
Sign For The Animals Please Sign & RT Petition: End the export of live farm animals after Brexit.  
The #8ref is a pregnancy referendum, it is a far wider issue than abortion. The 8th amendment allows & emboldens health professionals to take the right of consent away from any pregnant person. Even the HSE policy says preg ppl don't have consent rights.  
Deluded Brexit Talban still clinging on to their naive wild fantasies about 'EU armies' , 'Sunlit uplands' , ' Hard Brexit' . Never have so few made so many look so dimwitted  
Ex Labour Leader (1983-1992) Greedy Treacherous Remainer Neil Kinnock dresses down Corbyn as he demands Brexit is STOPPED as he swipes at Brexiteer @BorisJohnson 
"Oh but we don't" @EmilyThornberry 20,000 ordinary Labour people have written in a week to say we haven't had a meaningful say on our Brexit policy. As a democratic socialist Party, on the biggest issue in our lifetimes, it is time we were given one.  
Still no 'detailed plan' for Brexit and we have 8 months left. For context: the beauty industry has put Christmas to bed and is working on Spring 2019. Ditto fashion. #fb 
Neil Kinnock dresses down Corbyn as he demands Brexit is STOPPED as he swipes at Boris. Kinnock worried he will lose EU payments!  
Brussels and Dublin are playing political games with the Irish border to trap the UK after Brexit  
I'm a Labour member and I don't feel the need to be consulted on Brexit. Maybe that's because I've actually read Labour's policy on Brexit and agree with it. Or maybe it's because I'm not interested in using Brexit as an excuse to attack Corbyn.  #marr #bbcsp 
Guy Verhofstadt - Free movement of people during the transition period has to remain the same as anything else will not be acceptable. If the UK don't accept this they will inevitably crash out March 2019 with a hard #Brexit. #StopBrexit #FBPE #marr #bbcsp 
Dear everyone on the UK - you NEED to watch this interview with Guy Verhofstadt , this clarifies everything that British politicians are unable to grasp on Brexit, or simply lying about  @W_A_T_O_N @InLimboBrexit @The3Million @BritishInEurope @Andrew_Adonis 
Black Panther a thing of pure beauty. The best antidote to Trump and Little England Brexit. #WakandaForever 
Alastair Campbell invites John McDonnell to debate Labour's position on Brexit with him. Will he take up the opportunity?   
Thornberry absolutely clear on Brexit on @Peston - customs union w EU and bespoke deal that allows UK to ensure fair migration. Suits me 1/2 
May’s made a hash of Brexit and now the door is open to a second referendum 
Just chatted again with @RCorbettMEP  & he is chairing a one hour session on Brexit this morning. Yesterday @jeremycorbyn was emphatic that whilst respecting the vote in 2016, @UKLabour will oppose a hard Tory Brexit. Last update from my ‘not so undercover’ infiltration of #NPF18 
Jacob Rees-Mogg on LBC, for next 2 hrs if anyone interested. It's nice to listen to a man, with a positive attitude to Brexit. He is talking at the moment, about Mays speech in Germany. He liked Boris Johnson's speech, and denounces we never knew, what we voted for, he is great. 
#Brexit Britain sometimes gives me the impression of a furious child angrily announcing it's going to leave home without the slightest idea of how to live on its own. There's something curiously infantile about the Brexit mentality. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
So... Ruth Davidson is now in favour of #hardBrexit or a #nodeal no matter what the economical devastating effects for Scotland are... And btw... There is not transparency whatsoever for the EU Citizens so far... #Brexit #ToryPolicies #ScottishTories  
Bake Off Ruth Davidson takes a break from clearing land mines to get on with the DAYJOB - on  - great a chance to chat about her support for the rape clause, her U-Turn on the EEA, those sectarian /racists on her staff..her DUP stance and those BREXIT study reports.   
Scottish Tory @RuthDavidsonMSP being asked at great length abt #Oxfam on . Not exactly her responsibility whereas #Brexit clusterfuck is. UK Tories need to be made to own the Brexit shambles they are creating. 
Hard to celebrate the demise of UKIP when the truth is that the party has collapsed because their anti-immigrant and hard Brexit policies have taken over the @Conservatives Party. In reality UKIP may as well be sat around the Cabinet table and in many respects they already are. 
#marr: What happens if @UKParliament votes down the #Brexit deal?@guyverhofstadt: UK leaves EU without any arrangements, a crisis in British politics and we enter "unknown territory." 
The British press has, alarmingly, decided that simply printing propaganda is not only how to make Brexit a success, but that feeding the public disinformation is okay. Pandering to the lowest denominators in a fight for market share among a reduced audience of 17.4 million. 
Like the rest of the nation gathered anxiously around our wireless sets ,I am listening to @Jacob_Rees_Mogg broadcasting on @LBC from the Church of the  Immaculate Brexit in Somerset #hopehehasaspecialdispensationtopreachsuchawfulBalls 
Dear Tony HallAs Director General the BBC has become the Brexit Broadcasting Corporation on your watch. Please get security to escort Andrew Neil, Andrew Marr & John Humphrys off the premises for using the BBC to promote a Catastrophic Brexit. Then resign yourself.Thank you  
As anyone who lived through the Troubles will know this is deeply irresponsible and reckless. I wonder how many other Tory MPs are opposed to the Good Friday Agreement and will put their hard Brexit fantasies above the peace and security of people living in Northern Ireland.  
Guy Verhofstadt’s  no holds barred prediction of the state of British politics should a Brexit deal be voted down  
This is why every single person against Brexit should get behind Jeremy Corbyn.. just listen to Guy on #marr bring down the Tories force a General Election get a new Govt and get a new position on Brexit..  
What Kinnock really means is, Stop Brexit to fund mine and my wife's EU pensions. Answer this Neil: In what way does handing over billions in cash every year to the EU help with the funding of our NHS?  
Guy Verhofstadt on #marr made the Tory government look like an absolute bunch of muppets. Ironic that Brexiters told us that the EU were incompetent when it’s our own government who still haven’t got their act together more than 18 months after the referendum. 
Guy Verhofstadt shows a clarity & realism about #Brexit that is completely lacking in the British government. But, as he observes, governments change & we're not going to be saddled with this hopelessly deluded gang for much longer. #Marr 
#BrexitRealityIf you have an income of £30k a year, you pay less than 90p a week to be part of the EU.£45/year.So far each household has lost £600/yr from Brexit-related costs.And we haven't even left yet.Why are we doing this again?#LetsNotLeave #FinalSay#WATON #OFOC 
Really good to see #marr interviewing @guyverhofstadt, who has clearly stated the EU position. Clearly demonstrates that David Davis is selling the British public a load of over-optimistic tosh on the realities of #Brexit 
#marr: Can the UK have a 'Canada Plus Plus Plus #Brexit deal? @guyverhofstadt: "That will not be the outcome of this negotiation." 
Why should we Stop Brexit?Here's the PROOF that we were lied to. THREAD  
Yes, the future of children ... nothing is more important! Now go and install the sprinkler that will put out the fire that is Brexit. You still can. It’s your duty to do it.  
RT: Establishment Remain campaign threatens Brexit In Name Only. Help show support for Brexit to #SaveBritainsFish by flying the flag. Get one here ->   Show we won't capitulate to being a vassal state in a "transition" obeying EU laws AFTER we leave. 
This is a new trope from the Brexit side. As people lose faith in the Brextremist fantasy they are looking for a villain.Let’s remember to share the love even more than we have done so far. #StopBrexit 
Liam Fox tries to re-secure deals with 60+ non-EU countries that we'll lose post-Brexit... all the while UK's resources are being misdirected. Lets stop, regroup, and place attention where it's most needed #ListenToBritain #RenewBritain #RethinkBrexit 
Scottish nationalists are salivating over the Brexit spoils: my column in The Observer  
Please can you tell @jeremycorbyn that *any* Brexit will damage our economy? It will also strip citizens of EU rights and jeopardise the Good Friday Agreement. It is also turning away many @UKLabour voters. 
Delighted to have been asked to chair the @UKLabour National Policy Forum ( #NPF #NPF18 ) session on #Brexit later this morning. Glad @jeremycorbyn emphasised yesterday that #Labour will oppose a Tory Brexit that damages our economy.  
Literally all of these people were already for Brexit. This is like Geri Halliwell "coming out" as a former Spice Girl or Paul Nuttall "coming out" as the inventor of the paper clip. We know already.  
Keir was heckled last night in Cardiff for his negativity & unwillingness to even consider another referendum. After anti-Brexit messages from Airbus VP & the Welsh gov lead on Brexit, Keir brought the house down but not in a good way. Completely lowered the energy in the room.  
In today's Brexit Briefing: Theresa May's Brexit pledge: 'There's no going back' | Ireland's 'big mistake is backing EU' in Brexit negotiations, says former Irish Ambassador | Brains for Brexit: top academics and thinkers put the case for ‘leave’  
All but one of guests on #Marr are #REMOANERS@BBC campaign to stop #Brexit continues apaceBBC are required in law to be impartial but they are totally biased@Ofcom should intervene but they are just a toothless  part of the establishmentWe need a complete clear out at the top 
Both the British Medical Association & the Royal College of Nurses have publicly warned about the impact of Brexit on the NHS.Specifically they have warned that the harder the Brexit, the greater the damage to the NHS.Warnings Labour continue to ignore  
Kinnock is right @jeremycorbyn NHS has no chance with Brexit. There'll be even less tax money to fund it, and in any case, the Tories will sell it off in a face saving trade deal with Trump. Your best service to working people is to stop Brexit. #FinalSay 
There was never going to be £350m to give to the NHS. Brexit was always going to damage the health service -  it has already diminished revenues on which the NHS depends and it will only get worse. We need to Stop Brexit to #SaveOurNHS #Marr  #Paterson #StopBrexit 
When Boris Johnson, Britain’s minister of magical thinking, explained Brexit to the people:  
Nearly 40 leading intellectuals have launched a campaign to back #Brexit, demanding an end to patronising “propaganda” that dismisses “leave” voters as “idiots”.  
It's incredibly disturbing that a considerable number of scholars, especially in fairly junior positions, feel that if they are intellectually honest and express views favouring Brexit, their careers will suffer  
"Regardless of region, age, class or the type of constituency, the number of Labour voters who supported Remain vastly outstrips Labour voters who supported Leave"It's time we had a meaningful say on Brexit, we are overwhelmingly pro-EU. 
Next time someone calls you thick or racist for voting to leave the EU, send them to this website: An impressive list of academics and thinkers (from left and right) put the positive case for Brexit  
Fighting to Remain. It’s not anti-British. What could be more patriotic than trying to better your country for its’ people ? It’s a shame it has taken the extremity of Brexit to wake up our dormant nation. Vive La Resistance 
‘@georgegalloway hits back at “fifth column” inside Labour trying to change Corbyn’s Brexit position & ‘elite and their lapdogs’ who are attacking him.  
Kinnock would want to stop Brexit seeing how him and his wife have siphoned tens of millions of pounds of your money from that corrupt organisation.  
A prescription for a Labour government. Stop with the crocodile tears for a Brexit that will bite the poorest. And take a good hard look at the data.Some much needed hard thinking from @eloisetodd.  
May’s made a hash of Brexit and now the door is open to a second referendum 
Vote Leave Chair @GiselaStuart: I urge the Government to be bold and clear in its objective to negotiate a clean Brexit. If we believe that trust in politicians and institutions matters, then the Prime Minister must deliver what the public voted for.  
Neil Kinnock warns Jeremy Corbyn: ‘Stop Brexit to save the NHS’  
In 2018 where you are born and brought up in England matters more to your life chances than ever before - set to get worse post Brexit as poorer regions more dependent on EU trade and money. A deep crisis too little discussed   
This is an absolutely disgraceful tweet. A Tory who appears to want a hard Brexit at any cost - including sacrificing peace in Northern Ireland.  
We have a government that is completely devoid of policy ideas, but with the sole objective to create xenophobic right wing hard Brexit messaging that appeals to the Daily Mail.Public services have been destroyed and wages have decreased since 2010. It’s horrific to witness. 
"MPs want Brexit fund for UK farmers".   If every industry that's going to be decimated by Brexit gets a hand-out like the one being proposed for farming, we'll need a whole forest of magic money trees. 
Don't accept illegitimate #Brexit vote. If taxpaying 16-17 year olds, EU citizens and expats got vote in #EURef, we would not be leaving.No taxation without representation, it is the basic rule of democracy, did women's suffrage teach us nothing?!#FBPE#StopBrexit 
Brainy Brits come out for Brexit 
When Neil Kinnock attacks Jeremy Corbyn demanding 'Stop Brexit to save the NHS’ he is being disingenuous & Blairite.Why didn't Kinnock stop Thatcher closing the pits? Because Tories had majority in Parliament like they do now. 
.@rickygervais @JaneFallon @GrumpyOldRick @DrBrianMay @marcthevet another push pls:we need 19K sigs this week Petition : End the export of live farm animals after Brexit.  
This is the most irresponsible tweet I have ever seen from a former Cabinet minister. Its implications are terrible. It shows how far Brexit has corrupted the nationalist wing of the Conservative party.  
Intellectuals launched a campaign to back #Brexit & end propaganda dismissing Leave voters as idiotsRenowned economists lawyers philosophers historians scientists & foreign & domestic policy experts warn it's wrong to see them as pro-remain 
I first voted Labour in 1987, inspired by Kinnock’s stand against Thatcher and Militant. He’s still fighting the same people, to the left and to the right.  “Stop Brexit to save the NHS”  
Interesting  - not least because someone I used to consider a friend used the same line on me, that it was shameful for me to vote Leave as a Jew since  Brexit voters were the same people who’d sent Jews to the gas ovens. 
We are Brexit Facts4EU and we endorse this message.  
S Peel:"We have heard the strident calls from those against us to try & close down debate & silence discussion over the disaster that Brexit appears to be.I for one, will not be silenced & will do all I can to support groups such as Best for Britain"   
Sublime example of twisted Brexit-speak in today's Telegraph..The EU will "block" GB from Galileo satellite systemHello ???It's a EU system and GB has decided to leave the EU ! It "blocked" itself for goodness sake ! 
“Foreign leaders think UK has 'lost the plot' by pursuing Brexit, says a former head diplomat”A lot of this country does too. #marr 
Have a great Sunday everyone out there today. No Brexit bashing & Donald Trump bashing today. Bloody boring non stop everyday. Go shopping, out for a walk, listen some music  or go to the pub. Usual lot be out boring us all today, don’t listen to them they all talk nonsense.  
London may lose out to New York as a financial hub after Brexit, Bundesbank says  
1/ Brexit means unbrexit 
Brains for Britain - and Brexit. Profs launch pro Brexit website backed by dozens of others  
Neil Kinnock warns Jeremy Corbyn: ‘Stop Brexit to save the NHS’  
- abstaining from votes on #NHScrisis (when voters dying on hosptl trolleys) - voting for policies that bring harm to those who vote for them- laughing & jeering in the Commons when discussing devastating social issues - misleading public with false stats- Brexit 
With Hunt & his former advisor Charlie Massey, CEO of GMC doing all they can to deter any doctor from wanting to work in the NHS, & Brexit discouraging EU Drs from joining, we now have the Home Office turning away perfectly good Drs. What a mess. #marr 
Neil Kinnock:“Even contempt for ‘experts’ cannot obscure the evidence that the [Boris] Johnson-led Brexit vote has already damaged and will inflict future harm on the NHS.“Brexit has already diminished, and will continue to depress, the revenues on which the NHS depends.” 
It's becoming clear that Brexit will be a disaster, Richard Branson says  
Yay!  Brexit!We don’t even know if our vehicle standards or driving licences will be accepted in the EU after we leave.What about our pets?  I’m a simple soul and I saw my autumn years poodling around France with my dogs on a motorhome or buying a small home. Who knows now.  
I (also politely) suggest it’s not about those quotes alone. I find it difficult to square the many warnings that independence would have been a security catastrophe with the reassurances — from exactly the same people — that Brexit will make no difference to the UK’s security. 
Ireland's 'big mistake is backing EU' in Brexit negotiations, says former Irish Ambassador.  
Whether they're for or against #Brexit ordinary Britons and other Europeans are already being forced to make life-changing decisions.AFP presents some of their stories:  
Chilling clarity - @iainmacwhirter on the threat #Brexit poses to peace in Northern Ireland: “Because the constitutional question was raised to a higher level [by being in the EU, with no border], both communities in Northern Ireland felt secure.”  
Very significant that 40 high powered academics come out for Brexit, including former Head of MI6. It’s sickening that 17.4m Leave voters are dismissed as ‘stupid’ by Remoaners. Never true & deeply patronising  
I'm still beating myself up for voting to Leave. I want to shout at all the idiots that are desperate for #Brexit to happen and ask them why they're being stupid but I can't because I was one of them once.  Over 600 MPs not doing a thing to stop this mess. 
And you wonder why I don't subscribe to your propaganda machine.  The Telegraph, Peddler of hate, hell bent on instigating a brexit civil war in the UK. My how the mighty broadsheet, once so respected has fallen, now companion to the Daily Mail & Express gutter press! 
What don't you understand about Brexit, Leave means Leave?Me: All of it!Meanwhile, Merkel remains curious as to what the British government wants, let alone what we voted for.#BrexitShambles #FBPE 
I honestly don't understand what remainers who want Brexit overturned, think the reaction of all those leavers is going to be if they succeed: gratitude? If leave voters lose all faith in democracy, what & who will they turn to next to get their voices heard? I shudder to think 
One thing we'll all have in common if Brexit goes ahead, unless you are one of the very few, we're all going to be very disappointed, we're all going to be losers, we're all going to be hurt, we'll all have to pay more for everything. 
Because they are unionists and don't want Scotland to decide for herself. They know that without our assets England will well and truly sink, especially with their hard Brexit.  
The Irish aren't going to allow anyone to strip away the human rights of preborn girls & boys, this referendum is going down. The key will be to ensure the torch of victory is a light for the cause of preborn human rights throughout the world. #JoinTheRebellion #SaveThe8th 
Brexit: the enemies within - Although they wear eurosceptic clothes, they are no friends of Brexit. In pursuing their own interests, they are squeezing us between left  and right and, ultimately, could destroy it...  #Brexit.  
The greatest threat to our beloved NHS is Brexit. The Tories are using Brexit to dismantle the NHS & sell it off piecemeal. Mr Corbyn @jeremycorbyn, by his lack of opposition to Brexit, is complicit in the demise of the NHS. Stop Brexit, save our NHS. #dontbrexitfixit #StopBrexit 
Having spoken to @UKLabour delegates all day at #NPF18, I believe they are aware of this and are looking seriously at how they can both respect the Referendum vote and do what is best for the UK. We need to have faith in @jeremycorbyn & #StopBrexit #PCPEU 
."The DUP and Sinn Fein entered government together. Brexit has blown this out of the water.". 
"Paying £100bn £40bn £20bn F*ck off!" @JuliaHB1 didn't hold back on her thoughts about the #Brexit bill!  Catch the whole interview with @StevenEdginton at   #BBC #SKY #LBC @ConHome #EU @CCHQPress #Tory #JacobReesMogg @Conservatives 
"The will of the people", "Democracy" "Empire" ... This is a modern UKIP supporters video using Mosley. It is glorifying fascism and nationalism. And of course Brexit.Brexit really is an episode in England's History X. 
I'm going to post some historical videos on this thread which I believe are necessary if you want to see the whole Brexit movement, including its core players and supporters, in context. There are no graphic images in the videos. But what is said is sometimes hard to bear. 
"I watched it until the end, when an enormous Eurosceptic said that he would happily feed his family on grass if he had to after Brexit." - Iain Martin writing about "Brexit the Movie."  
What a dangerous, foolish, and childish position. Giving up on peace in Northern Ireland simply because it’s hindering Brexit shows how dementedly extreme the people Theresa May listens to actually are  
Anti-Brexit Failures.Have you noticed how so many of the anti-Brexiteers are actually failures in a significant way:> Kinnock, failed to make PM> Heseltine, failed to make PM> Clegg, failure as party leader, MP and dep PM> Cable, failure as party leader> Blair, hatedetc. 
'Stephen Peel, a former Olympic rower and Tory donor, told the Observer he was giving £100,000 to Best for Britain, which is organising a grassroots anti-Brexit campaign, as it was “the most important political issue of a generation".'  #FightBrexitFund 
It seems Corbyn is virtually the only person in the Labour Party who doesn’t recognise that we need to stop Brexit to save the NHS.  
Neil, it's easy to be caring about the NHS and all of us want it to work, so that all of us get help if we need it. But to argue that it's threatened by Brexit underlines what we all know - you have a top Brussels job, top pay and top EU pension. Brexit isn't for you, is it mate?  
#EU #LeftistSedition #Globalism=Communism #LeftistTerrorism.UK:POLL - 63% of UK Business Leaders Support Brexit..They're already seeing the economic benefits ... 
We get it kids...You don’t care that Corbyn supported terrorism on British soil You don’t care that he leaked state secrets to soviet spies You don’t care that he’s refusing to take a Brexit position You don’t care that he lied about tuition fees   
There's another universe in the multiverse, in which Labour is about to announce that it is altogether opposed to leaving the EU and that it will oppose any moves towards Brexit. In that universe, I predict that there would be a GE by May, and Labour would win an overall majority 
Brexit negotiations grind on.  
A damning critique of ‘that’ Guardian editorial - with its attack on the Irish language - and it’s link to enduring Anglo-normativity in Brexit Britain, which is found in even the supposedly liberal press  
Eubank’s also from the UK Abbie this isn’t Brexit  
Things Labour MPs don’t want to talk about: Brexit, Oxfam, spying and Brendan Cox. Things Labour MPs do want to talk about: Hostesses, Grid Girls and spending your money. 
May told 2nd Brexit would not be a matter of “national shame”. No, it would be far worse. It would be the end of trust in the political system, the end of democracy. 
Neil Kinnock tells Corbyn ‘we should stop Brexit to save the NHS’ or at the very least ‘mitigate the damage’ by staying within the single market.  
SUNDAY EXPRESS FRONT PAGE: 'May Brexit pledge: No going back' #skypapers 
I missed this yesterday. This is incredible: paving the way for chucking the GFA in the bin for Brexit.  
Sunday Times/Behaviour & Attitudes pollIs the #repealthe8th referendum in danger?Support for the 12-week abortion regime, as proposed by the Oireachtas committee, is at 43%, with 35% against, and 22% undecided. 
Son/Daughter: "Mum & Dad, You voted for what you thought was best for the UK and for me. I respect that. We may never agree on Brexit. Neither of us are certain whether it'll make my life easier or harder. But You can be certain that I don't want this future. So Please. Back me." 
What three words describe UKIP? - “Blame the Muslims”: 30%- “Gays cause storms”: 19%- “Pointless After Brexit”: 51%Via Opinium (Feb 17) #WriteUKIPsObituary 
I keep hearing: "It's time to just repair the divisions on Brexit and come together". I agree. We know which direction public opinion is naturally shifting. So there's only one side we should all unite on. Otherwise those divisions will only intensify.  
Man who’s entire family lives off the EU gravy train says stop Brexit. Now who would have thought that. #scroungers  
Don’t remember voting Hard or Soft Brexit, just crossing a box to leave, Cameron made it clear what it meant & it would be our decision, dissenters spin their web of deceit, threatening all manner of isolation etc, it’s in the EU’s interest to cooperate with an independent UK. 
Another of the real reasons for #Brexit:Make it easier to hire and fire people' and scrap corporation tax, says Sir James Dyson" #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Two real reasons for #Brexit:The Tory Brextremists don't want Britain to have an economy that is really like Singapore's, for example with high levels of public housing. What they crave are the low taxes for the rich and the long working hours for the rest. #FBPE #StopBrexit 
How not to campaign to stop Brexit, visualised in one tweet  
Neil Kinnock warns Jeremy Corbyn: ‘Stop Brexit to save the NHS’As 20,000 Labour members protest at party stance on Brexit, former leader adds pressure to resist leaving EU.Labour’s policy should be clear: #StopBrexit and fund our NHS instead.#NHSLove 
How many Remainers have threatened civil unrest and even civil war if Brexit is not overturned?Now compare the number of threats from Brexiters, including from senior Brexit leaders. Now tell me who is pathologically vindictive. 
Barnier and May fooled Britain to hide real £90BILLION Brexit bill  
Now May has said there will be no 2nd referendum, on TV in front of millions, can the remainers please get behind their country!  
‘We must stop Brexit to save the NHS.’  
Unbelievable.I have seen a lot of crazy things from some sections of the Remainer camp since they were defeated in the EU Referendum. But I honestly never thought I would see the day where they would attack the United Kingdom because they attacked Nazis in Dresden during WW2.  
The Scottish people will NOT be fooled again by Westminster lies & scaremongering!!!Time for change & change is coming!!!#YouYesYet#indyref2#Referendum#Independence 
Michel Barnier sticks to his guns and stresses Brexit "will have consequences"  
BHO threatened UK with trade restrictions if BREXIT passed. The Obama administration spent $350,000of US taxpayer dollars trying to oust Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu from office.   
Neil Kinnock warns Jeremy Corbyn: ‘Stop Brexit to save the NHS’  
Thank you Neil for being the latest prominent Labour person to speak out.There’s still time for @UKLabour to redeem itself and start calling out Brexit for the hard-right land grab that it is - although the clock is ticking...  
Kinnock tells Corbyn to stop Brexit, but the little tease doesn't say how.Maybe by being prime minister? Shame Kinnock and his cronies spent the two years leading up to the 2017 election trying to prevent exactly that, or he might well have been PM.  
Now washed up Kinnock wades in with "Stop Brexit to save the NHS", when in fact the Brexit dividend is what will SAVE the NHS!  
Hey, how’s Brexit going?  Not too well?  According to Japan’s ambassador to the UK international companies could close their UK operations if no access to single market / customs union.Not sure how you can blame that on Remainers but no doubt you will try.#StopBrexit 
.A REAL Labour leader says“We should stop Brexit to save the NHS.". 
Permanent 20 mile tailbacks at British ports if brexit happens. Big if....   
Brexit is about short term enrichment of a group of very rich individuals at vast long term cost to the rest of us.  
Brexit could be overturned because Leave voters are DYING. Your a lot  older than me,   Malloch Brown! You don’t have your fact right, more Supporting Leave, the way EU are treating us!  
Good that @UKLabour #NPF Commissions each now have a Brexit coordinator and the group of Brexit coordinators will meet, not quite an extra Commission, but a focal point to deliberate on #LabourParty Brexit policy. They chose Glyn Ford as coordinator. 
Labour on Brexit, Mar 2017: "If the negotiated deal does not pass six tests we won't vote for it."(11 months of Tory, LibDem utterly fake commentary on Labour's Brexit position.)Labour on Brexit, Feb 2018: "If the negotiated deal does not pass six tests we won't vote for it."  
Tory minister Steve Baker demands the EU is to be ‘torn down’European countries including Britain would be impoverished by trade barriers, & exposed to external interference. Who is Steve Baker loyal to?#BrexitBetraysBritain#StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
Theresa May wants a new security treaty with EU next year. But #Brexit would hand a huge victory to Putin in his hybrid war against the EU and Western democracy. By pursuing Brexit the Tories are aiding our nation's enemy.#BrexitBetraysBritain#StopBrexit #FBPE 
The result today was very significantWe are no longer a one man band  only about Brexit, as important as it is.We now can evolve and address the massive issue of cultural Marxism 
She of course "Lied" And Tory Scottish Leader  Ruth Davidson when under pressure decided to take a little holiday in Afghanistan Rather than answer serious questions on the Damage Brexit would do to  For the Scottish Secretary Of State for Scotland? 
Poll: 63% of #UK business leaders support #Brexit. Tremendous news and should keep @ChukaUmunna and @vincecable quiet for a few days! Hope the remain bias media, @BBCNews and @SkyNews show some long overdue patriotism!#EU 
Careless, reactionary nonsense. GFA not dead, but needs reformed. Underlying values, principles & relationships more crucial than ever. Disappointing that former Secretary of State has no concept of importance of GFA and destructive political & economic impact of Brexit on NI.  
It's becoming clear that Brexit will be a disaster, Richard Branson says  
Brexit and the handling of Brexit are not only an unforgivable betrayal of the people of Northern Ireland; they are also an unforgivable betrayal of our armed forces personnel - many of whom have risked their lives along the difficult road to peace. 
Absolute tossers like this are how Remain still managed to lose the referendum comfortably despite having all the major political parties, the City, the TUC, the CBI, Obama, the IMF, J.P. Morgan, Goldman Sachs, and Harry Potter on their side.  
Amazing work by @GreenpeaceUK investigative unit showing real impact Brexit wld bring.Time to fight Brexit completely environmental groups, we need you in the fight. You in?Revealed:  rightwing groups plot to ditch EU safety standards on food and drugs  
Poll: 63% of UK business leaders support Brexit  
So we’ve been told #Brexit means #Brexit but apparently Bolton doesn't mean Bolton it means BattenIf you're a Ukipper you get to change your mind and have another vote but for the rest of us…….It’s time for an #ExitFromBrexit 
With new (interim) Leader time has come to stop infighting, accept the vote, put aside differences & work together to fight for #Brexit. 
Austrian Chancellor:'Look at influx of #EU regulations... more & more small & medium-sized businesses complaining about this.''We are paralysing ourselves, we get caught up in contradictions, we've created structures that are no longer viable.'#Brexit 
I noticed a real change in the Guardian during the Scottish referendum. Ultra patronising at best, colluding with the fear agenda set by Cameron and his buddies. At least you know what you're getting with the Times, Mail Telegraph etc. The Guardian has plummeted in my estimation. 
I used to vote Labour,but SNP for many years now since Labour went with the Tories on their dreadful welfare policies and refused to have anything to do with SNP even when they have good policies. Labour is a disgrace &the Brexit stance inexcusable 
So let’s get this straight. Less than 140O Members vote on the UKIP leadership. UKIP have driven Brexit. The BBC has given Farage and UKIP unlimited promotion for years. 1400 people have decided with the support of some newspapers that the UK should leave Europe! 1400 people! Mad  
He backs Brexit and would rather take SNP seats than Tory ones in Scotland. Did I do it right? #MakeYourOwnCorbynSmear 
“After #Brexit, the European Union is now gaining in popularity.” - @GuyVerhofstadtDoesn’t look that way from here Guy. If anything, the grossly patronising way you’ve treated Britain since we made a democratic decision to regain our Sovereignty, has angered people more. #Marr 
Brexit is undemocratic in itself - It ignores 48% of the population  
It was a cover used for racists to seem acceptable for a period of time. Somehow managed to hook half the Tory party and force EU referendum which it didn’t expect to win but did with disastrous consequences. On the wrong side of history.It won’t be missed. #WriteUKIPsObituary 
#WriteUKIPsObituaryAn army of yellow trousered old men. I say army, they wouldn't fill a Wetherspoon, yet they could cause the most extensive damage to the UK since Hitler. Brexit should die with them and their lies. 
Given all we know about RT and Sputnik’s involvement in #Brexit and #Trump - why would the Russian troll farm not also have been involved in #Brexit as well a Trump.? We need to know @DamianCollins 
This man's explanation of why young people should stop Brexit is flooring people  
Leavers need to understand that modern trade is not like a bucaneering free-for-all, but more like a sport where you join a league, pay the fees and obey the rules.#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit 
Never let people forget that Brexit is the means whereby the resurgent free-for-all ideologues will work to dismantle all the protection for which civilised politicians of all parties have fought. No One Nation Tories these. The same old "ultras" who fought Peel and Disraeli.  
Says it all for me.  Fidelma Cook: The madness of Brexit - a view from France  
Brussels and Dublin are playing political games with the Irish border to trap the UK after Brexit  
HMS Brexit will be scuttled as a lost cause. We're going nowhere, this is our country too. #BrexitIsDead 
Brexit could be overturned because Leave voters are DYING, says Soros puppet Malloch-Brown. [In fact, with youth comes idealism, the young then become the old & with age comes wisdom. And the wiser/older we are, the more we embrace Brexit.]  via @MailOnline 
"Yes we (Europeans) are still critical of the European Union, but we are not so stupid to leave it."Tune in tomorrow to see #marr's full interview with @guyverhofstadt, the European Parliament's #Brexit Coordinator. BBC One, 9am.  
    Ihave included  Link to the site KEEP SCOTLAND THE BRAND a vital tool in protecting Scottish brands post Brexit. Every Scot should be behind this regardless of politics I challenge the Twitter world to help to #RTX1000 to help spread the word #THANKS 
Chris Grey writes one of the finest blogs on brexit. Brexiters have been caught with their pants down & are now lining up their excuses & lies.  
Revealed: rightwing groups plot to ditch EU safety standards on food and drugs.UK-US trade deal would see banned products sold after Brexit, says accidentally released memo.Brextremists want to put profit before safety. Don’t let them. #StopBrexit. 
Been saying for a long time:  the UK is the #supplicant re: #BrexitEnd of.To think  or to operate from any place else is delusional; time-wasting; fraudulent and #cakeist#TheClockIsTicking 
24/1/18 Mogg for PM! Caller joins Farage in urging Jacob Rees-Mogg to deliver Brexit for Britain  
UK is ALREADY exporting...Ice to the ScandinaviansCheese to the FrenchTea to the ChineseChocolate to the Belgians and SwissWine to the South AfricansBoomerangs and cricket kit to the AussiesI think we'll do just fine after Brexit. 
HMS #brexit is becoming more like the Titanic everyday. Pride comes before a fall & the cliff edge is approaching. Paying a mortage, buy food every week, use the NHS, have a job relying on imports or exports, running a farm...? You'll be casualties to this idealistic dream.  
Can we now stop giving UKIP publicity? They're finished, everybody sees it. The referendum was their bee sting. 
Oh pipe down you pompous twerp.I had 28 minutes with Trump & in that time, I challenged him about guns, Britain First, Brexit, climate change, trophy-hunting, feminism & . Then at the end, I had a bit of fun with an Arsenal shirt because his son's an Arsenal fan. 
It seems the only country  not preparing adequately for #Brexit is UK.  
Today as part of #onedaywithoutus, we're thinking about the overseas staff who play such a vital role in our #NHS. Speaking in St Albans in January, Lord Kerr, Article 50 author, was clear that "if you want to save the NHS, you have to avoid Brexit".   
I would support @Jacob_Rees_Mogg for leader of @ConservativesRT if you agree.#Brexit #Conservatives #JacobReesMogg#Moggmentum #Mogg4PM 
Brexit will be a watershed moment that may weaken London's status in finance, Bundesbank says  
Brexit bonus, latest update: peace in Northern Ireland has had its day.  
Germany's foreign minister, Sigmar Gabriel, says "we no longer recognize our America". Well perhaps Siggy that's because it isn't YOUR America! I do understand why under @BarackObama you felt this way. But those days are long gone! #Brexit & #MAGA!!! 
Brexit is nothing short of a coup by the far right of our country. Only a few years ago two Tory Prime Ministers referred to them as Bastards and swivel eyed loons. Now they sit on the front benches dismantling everything that curtails their power.  
UK Fishermen: 'We're in charge' after Brexit“We have received in the United Kingdom the roughest of rough deals from the EU Common Fisheries Policy on fishing."“That was a political settlement way back in the 1970’s when we joined the EC."#Brexit #EU 
The real Brexit plan: slash safety standards and do a secret deal with Trump. What Theresa didn’t mention in Munich  
WATCH | "Paying £100bn? £40bn? £20bn? F*ck off!"@JuliaHB1 didn't hold back on her thoughts about the Brexit bill! Catch the whole interview with @StevenEdginton at  
Sovereignty is a vital issue. Brexit throws a ton of it away.We’re giving up UK citizens’ rights, votes in the affairs of our biggest market, the say of our businesses & civil society in dozens of key large agencies & programmes. This is real sovereignty shrinkage. 
The Netherlands prepares for Brexit by hiring 750 extra customs agents  
Your daily reminder that the EU never stopped Leavers from living the lives they wanted. That's why they can't name a single tangible benefit of leaving. But Brexit will prevent MILLIONS from living the lives they've enjoyed. And millions more from pursuing their dreams.#FBPE 
Remainers say Britain must not use defence & security as a bargaining chip in the talks, but cheer every time the EU warns of cutting off trade between EU and UKHow is the threat to impoverishing millions of people across Europe acceptable when to their security isn't?#Brexit  
Help me I’m being turned into novelty bathroom accessories by Brexit  
Barnier: "NO CHERRY PICKING BREXIT DEAL"Barnier: "We only want a deal on your fish, our cars, security and taking your money"So, no "cherry picking" then Michel. 
Good meeting with @MichelBarnier. We will do our utmost to support him and help conclude #Brexit negotiations during the Austrian #EU Presidency. Maintaining EU unity will be key. #MSC #eu2018at 
Henry Bolton officially sacked and UKIP will now need its fifth leader in TWO years. The party which quite literally brought us Brexit has no support and is a total shambles yet we still move ahead with their hard Brexit vision. 
The rule of law, right to a fair trial, the principle 'innocent until proven guilty' and trial by jury are fundamental elements of the British legal and constitutional system. The ECJ-controlled European Arrest Warrant (EAW) crushes these principles. #Brexit #LeaveEAW 
#Tories:Nurse shortage: remove bursaryHousing shortage: build luxury flatsRising crime:cut 21000 PoliceChild poverty:fiddle numbersRisingNationalDebt:lieLocalServices:cut local govt funding by45-60%#Brexit can’t deliver on promises:go ahead anyway#NPF HT @gaurangmorjaria 
These graphs are interesting. The authors puzzle about why the numbers of Leave tweeters have fallen since the time of the referendum. Yet fail to confront a simple, obvious and major reason for this: huge numbers of them were only ever fake accounts.   
Brexit is taking away everyone’s right to live, work, travel or retire across the EU. #1DayWithoutUs 
Personally I don't find the demise of UKIP to be a source of entertainment. UKIP have already won their battle. Farage doesn't need a party, May and Corbyn are both dutifully pushing for a Hard Brexit. UKIP decided what your children's future would look, this is no time to laugh. 
That awkward moment when a Brexit/UKIP/Henry Bolton fan didn't realise I was being sarcastic.  
Let’s talk Brexit. That subject that has the power to divide families, work colleagues and political parties. Now, let’s talk Labour and Brexit. (by @chelleryn99) 
@_SSTIE took to the sunny streets of Sevenoaks today (17 Feb) in support of One Day Without Us @1daywithoutus #1DayWithoutUs : "Proud to be a migrant. Proud to stand with migrants." There were readings from "In Limbo: Brexit Testimonies from EU citizens in the UK". @InLimboBrexit 
'@theresa_may hints the #EuropeanCourtofJustice could still hold sway over #Britain after #Brexit. That's isn't what the public voted for. That's not independence! #TheresaMay can NOT be TRUSTED!  #BBC #SKY #LBC @ConHome #EU @CCHQPress #Tory @Conservatives 
#TheresaMay has form when it comes to #hypocrisy. On #indyref2 she said, "To look at this issue at this time would be unfair because people wouldn’t have the necessary information to make such a crucial decision."Hello? #Brexit calling! We didn't have info so need #FinalSay Ref 
UKIP has no MPs. It literally does nothing other than generate headlines. Hopefully BBC Brexit liberal guilt will calm down soon and we’ll stop being told about their latest meaningless squabbles.  
 Awww.OK let me take those one by one.I did a traineeship with the EU Fundamental Rights Agency until December, when, I quit out of a sense of patriotic duty to stop Brexit.Soros seems like a good guy, but our funding is crowd-sourced.Any other questions, please ask 
Theresa May says "it's right" that the referendum result was respected by UK politicians... Yeah your exstream Hard Brexit wasn't on the ballot paper. That's all about you keep Mogg & friends happy so you can stay in No 10. #Shameful 
We can stop Brexit and we should stop Brexit. Why? Because no one should lose their job, be stripped of the EU rights and be made poorer by an advisory referendum, held in order to paper over the cracks in the Tory Party #BrexitBetraysBritain #Remain #FinalSay 
Why were they eating plastic in the first place? Maybe this is why they're so confused on Brexit?  
Pretending about Brexit  
From an 8 year old: "Dear MP. I think we should #StopBrexit because people might have to leave their wonderfull home in the U.K. From a very kind girl" #1DayWithoutUs #CitizensRights #600DaysInLimbo #Brexit  
Footnote: Belize, which "patriotic" #Brexit promoter @AndyWigmore represented as a diplomat, is much favoured by Russian organised crime for its money-laundering opportunities. As a Belizean businessman & diplomat, Wigmore has made some "interesting" acquaintances. 
"Brexit is playing with dangerous political forces at a time when the  world is unstable and nationalists and conspiracists are in the  ascendant."  
Did a radio interview this morning. Outside the studio were anti-brexit campaigners. Spoke to a couple of them, older ladies who actually voted FOR brexit and now want a second referendum. Smashing people. Not being pushy, just chatting to folk. 
So it begins. They are charged with doing the very same thing that many, including me, observed on Twitter, FB and LI in respect of Brexit. Namely pretending to be someone they're not to disseminate falsehoods to voters. Of course it influenced the vote! 
UK Prime Minister Theresa May warns "ideology" shouldn't get in the way of a Brexit security deal  
May Speech:May: Security is our strongest card.Juncker: Excellent, but the security card can't be played as part of the Brexit talks.That went well. #FBPE 
Theresa May rules out second Brexit referendum  via @metrouk May can rule out what she bloody well likes. What May wants is rarely what May gets. What if the 'will of the people' is in favour? 
We didn't vote for Brexit, We voted to have an indyref if we were dragged out against our will. I applaud the SNP's inital stance of trying to find common ground & work with the situation but how often do we need to be slapped down before enough is enough? 
The Guardian: "rightwing groups plot to ditch EU safety standards on food and drugs. ‘Ideal’ UK-US trade deal would see banned products sold in post-Brexit Britain, says accidentally released memo" 
Amazing show out for the #1DaywithoutUs #onedaywithoutus march in #SheffieldMe and @emmyzen supported the @sheffeld4eu faction joining with pro #refugee and anti racism groups. Led by the incredible drum band.And one pro #Brexit weirdo with a Unite flag   
The timing of our referendum on independence is crucial. With every day the harm from Brexit becomes clearer, so go before 3/19 or wait until we get poor and the cry is stay together because you’re poorer? I think earlier is better than later 
Update on #brexit with @sebastiankurz at @MunSecConf - unity of EU27 underpinned by continuous dialogue, trust and transparency with all Member States. 
And if they’re going to be seething if Brexit is cancelled, aren’t they also likely to kick off when they find they’ve been lied to, their pension’s frozen and they can’t get a hospital appointment? 
Have heard this is just a cover up, that tremor was just brexit kicking in, thoughts baz? 
That’s anger that is justified, and that we can all do something about. Rethink Brexit, have an honest debate based on realities, not promises, and a #FinalSayForAll 6/6 
What we should care much more about is the anger of those who were deliberately sold a wrong ‘un, and, whichever way they voted, are facing a worse life because of Brexit. 5/ 
Awesomeness! Two anti-Brexit youth campaigns (@OFOCBrexit & @the75percent) are combining forces to link media knowhow with regional grassroots structures. Exciting times!... roll on springtime & mobilisation.  
I had thought I was going to go into retirement in a nice little EU-funded Museum of Me but oh no along came Brexit and soon I’ll be back to proper full-on bordering again 
Yet every Brexit Ultra politician, every Red-faced shouter on Question Time, every Leave columnist and presenter, every Lexiter, and every proponent of hard Brexit on twitter seem very, very angry anyway. 2/ 
Calm down, it was only Wales trying to detach itself from UK before brexit #earthquake #earthtremor 
We’ve moved on ... I hope everyone is using #1DayWithoutUs to also just have a good time — Brexit discussions are stressful for us all, I’m no exception to that. Important to be together with likeminded people like the lovely @Scotkraut here x 
Former head of MI6 says Brexit poses serious security risk to UK. @prospect_uk 
Well, that amounts to a major policy change. Previously he was happy to back any Brexit deal that would harm us all.  
This may seem like a fringe group of whacky fanatics, but @BorisJohnson LAUNCHED the IFT at the Foreign Office, & Legatum are the Govt’s go-to advisers on Brexit/trade. These are dangerous & highly influential ideologues. Their agenda must be exposed.    
I’ve got petition fatigue. But this is important.Petition: Parliament's vote on the Brexit deal must include an option to remain in the EU.  
Starting to come down pretty hard in Munich now, but it’s been a good conference for the PM. Resilient, robust when challenged. Let’s get this BREXIT done..  
#earthquake yes quite a shake, assumed it was just part of the Brexit process breaking off from Europe! 
Yep. I stopped using the phrase "Tory Brexit" months ago, because it's just a way to pretend that a Labour Brexit would be OK. @JeremyCorbyn, it WON'T be. 
Actually .@jeremycorbyn the government’s *own* figures show that *any* Brexit will harm the future of our economy and communities.  
Shocking tweet, even by today’s Brexit standards. Is this Mrs May’s next kowtow to the Brexiters - peace in Northern Ireland?  
Security experts ask U.K. to reconsider Brexit. May says no.  
It someone were to point to a Brexit that made sense and contributed to making our country and the world as a whole better off I'd vote for it.But alas, such a concept exists only in the minds of deluded ideologues.  
"There's no question of a second referendum" - Theresa May says UK will leave EU but wants to work together on security after #Brexit  
15 days back, every investor was concerned about LTCG impact on stock mkt. 2 yrs back- Brexit. 1 yr ago- demonetisation. 6 mths back-  GST. Today- LoU scam. Tmrw it will be something else. Meanwhile some ppl made awesome returns while others were worried! 
Out campaigning with Open Britain, trying to stop @theresa_may driving the country over the cliff. #Brexit  
UK will need 'thousands' more customs officers after Brexit, Dutch MP warns  
Why are Scottish Tories so absent from Brexit discussions?  
Been wondering what Corbynistas are up to, instead of changing position on #Brexit ?Appears internal manoeuvrings more important.Labour moderates are fighting to resist hard-left takeover, but when do they decide they've lost & choose alternative course? 
I am honest. I think Brexit is absurd. I don’t support leaving the EU at all. I’ve said as much to Jeremy, Keir, Emily, Barry and others - as recently as today. They always listen to me and others who think the same. The party’s - and country’s - position must reflect reality. 
#ProEuropeansTogether campaigning for a #FinalSay on #Brexit in Cambridge! @Open_Britain @euromove @_Britain4Europe 
Daniel Hannan goes on about a calamity in British fishing...REMINDER: Brexit backing Grimsby now wants exemptions from the disaster they created.You couldn't make this up.#bbcaq @lbc 
In Munich it’s suggested it would be easier if Brexit didn’t happen, as it is “extremely regrettable,” to a round of applause. PM robustly says Britain voted Leave, and it’s important that politicians deliver, to no applause. The EU isn’t one for respecting democratic mandates. 
One of my friends showed me this and I think it's a very handy way to explain some things to those who are not sure what the upcoming referendum is about. #repealthe8th #EducateYourself 
Labour leadership, please listen to your party's distinguished Leader in the European Parliament, and your membership and voters. Brexit will harm the worst-off people and regions most. We need a #FinalSayForAll 
Good vlog from @RobertJSomynne.Why are Scottish Tories so absent on Brexit discussions?In large part because they don't believe that Scotland should *have* foreign relations. 
3. Andy Wigmore accompanied  Arron Banks to a 6-hr meeting at the Russian Embassy in 2015, invited by a man Banks assumed to be a Russian FSB officer. They gave Ambassador Yakovenko the “inside track” on Brexit. It is not known what was offered in return. 
Looking forward to talking about Brexit and the good jobs we need at Labour's National Policy Forum #npf18 tomorrow. I'll be making the case for a Brexit that delivers good jobs across the country 
The EU fail to understand we are neither the French nor the Dutch. We are proud of our longstanding democracy & independence. We have decided to leave the EU, it was a once in a generation vote and we will not be cajoled or bullied into a second referendum (aka neverendums)  
Labour is abdicating it’s responsibilities as the main opposition party. It’s a disaster and if Brexit comes to pass, they will be as complicit as the Tories in allowing it to happen.  
I agree! I’m against any Brexit. I’m far from alone in the party and I’m pleased to say we get a good hearing even where some disagree. 
I find it strange that three Heads of Security Agencies had to speak out for fear that Brexit would damage exchanges of information between France, Germany and the UK after Brexit. Why should it? This seems to me to be another non problem, unless the EU side wants to make it one. 
Big fan of the theory that Henry Bolton and his girlfriend is a deep state plant to undermine Brexit.  
.@jeremycorbyn: “Labour will not back any Brexit deal that harms the future of our economy and communities.” Says governments *own* figures show Tory’s Brexit will do just that.  
Simple guide to Brexit policies. LibDem - stop Brexit now. Tories - we must carry out ‘the will of the people’.  Labour - let’s discuss something else that we are more popular about. 
82k signatures. Let's keep this petition demanding Parliament's vote on the Brexit deal include an option to remain in the EU rolling towards 100k!#StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE #WATON 
Message from @juusojarviniemi and @everedjames: It's time to unite against #Brexit! We'll be mobilising people on the ground for @OFOCBrexit. Join us! #FBPE 
Strong sentiment against Brexit among locals at Finsbury Park Station in @jeremycorbyn’s Islington North constituency. #ProEuropeansTogether 
Frau Merkel"This is what UK wants from #BrexitOut of Single Mkt & EU Customs UnionOut of ECJNo more open door EU immigrationAll our fishing grounds backNo transition periodNo divorce feesFree trade dealOur share of EU assets returned.I hope this is helpful Mrs Merkel?" 
Interesting. Trying to find Tory to defend Brexit at Waterstones debate Leeds. They all refuse - one MP saying “ship has sailed.” Hmm. Are they losing confidence in their cause? @RCorbettMEP @LeedsEurope @DanielJHannan @iainmartin1 @montie @LindaMcAvanMEP @Hugodixon 
Saoirse Ronan explaining in @IrishTimes why she will be home to vote in the referendum.  ''Everyone has a right to make their own decisions.” 
He is a self obsessed, pompous pig. I'm on about that Lefty, Socialist, Owen Jones, he likes the sound of his own voice. Listened to him on Talk Radio banging on about, scuppering Brexit , and 2nd referendum, he really gets on my nerves. He will be on tomorrow, always is on BBC 1 
Tony Blair's charity received hundreds of thousands of pounds from George Soros:  #Brexit 
Great to meet @RCorbettMEP at the @UKLabour PF in Leeds this morning! He is such a genuine man and so far all the delegates I’ve spoken with have been either #StopBrexit or at least open to discussing Labour’s stance on Brexit openly and kindly. More later! #PCPEU #FBPE #WATON 
Why are the Scottish Tories nowhere to be seen in discussions around Brexit?Interesting analysis from @RobertJSomynne in his latest @ScotNational vlog. 
Looks like we'll be having a second referendum then. #StopBrexit2018 
Above all, Theresa May’s security speech this morning was “an extremely persuasive argument against Brexit.” @Open_Britain supporter @Alison_McGovern 
My cartoon Saturday @TheTimes. Nature Notes: Methode Foie Gras....end this cruel practice. #Brexit #TheresaMay 
@Keir_Starmer making the case for a tariff free #BREXIT to protect Welsh workers at @UniteWales conference in Cardiff. 
This man's explanation of why young people should stop Brexit is flooring people  
I HATE @Dyson : #Henry is 1m times better than yr crappy plastic; U R a profiteering #brexit liar; your emptying thingy doesn't empty properly; you ditched 590 UK workers to exploit cheap Malaysian labour; yr twirly brushes are useless. That's better. Now for some light dusting. 
Get your shit together, Labour. There’s a Tory government on the ropes over Brexit and you’re pissing around like you’re running a 6th form student union.  
The EU must not put political games over Brexit ahead of the security of Europe!  
Scouser? Scousers voted massively for remain. They’re too smart to vote for something that will make everyone poorer and the country weaker.Wake up! Brexit is a right wing coup. It is enormously damaging to the interests of the British people. There is no upside whatsoever. 
It’s happening  We’re taking OUR signature Brexit Cafés across Europe. First stop  Brussels  27/02/18 5-7pm EYF, Rue De L’Industrie @Youth_Forum Sign up NOW   
EU may block Britain's Armed Forces from global satellite navigation system after Brexit  
.@theresa_may made a speech at an international conference. The result? A barrage of cogent responses from delegates, deriding the grave error that is Brexit, describing a ‘final say’ referendum as “a matter of national prudence”. Spot-on. #StopBrexit 
More Brexit news:The UK's biggest car maker, Jaguar Land Rover, is establishing its first plant in Slovakia, where it will create 2,800 new jobs. This will lead to creation of 22,000 more jobs in its supply chain.The plant will produce 150,000 Land Rover Discovery cars a year 
What's p*ssing @georgesoros off today? #Brexit? @realDonaldTrump? Nope...  
This looks like a fantastic event, if you're able to make it. Our president Sir Richard Aikens talking on the intellectual case for Brexit - this Thursday at UCL.  
This group is the clearest manifestation of the human impact of brexit. This isn't a forecast, it's happening now - to ppl who've spent yrs contributing economically & socially to the UK. A healthy society protects the vulnerable. I fear for the UK if we don't #1DayWithoutUs 5/6 
Corbyn: We're leaving the EU & No 2nd RefMcDonnell: Can only be decided in a General ElectionGardiner: #Brexit's the default. Have to have 2/3 maj for & in a Ref to change that.Starmer: No 2nd RefPretty telling where they stand.No interest in the Ppl's Will..just their will 
#UKIP is on the verge of bankruptcy. Could another blot on the political landscape, the #DailyMail, be next? Advertisers are melting away, because they don't want to be contaminated by the paper's prejudices. #Brexit 
Petition: Parliament's vote on the Brexit deal must include an option to remain in the EU.  #StopBrexit2018 #FBPE 
“Trump and Brexit used a new digital organizing tool to help achieve their surprise victories” — @ucampaignupdate  
Let's not forget who Corbyn was really passing secrets to in the 1980s. The Czechs, sure. But who was in the KGB at that time? Who was it that planted a communist spy in the heart of the British establishment with the long term goal of doing Brexit? I think we all know who.  
Everyone, please be gentle with Julia. When she says things that are uncalled for, just point out why they're inappropriate. (Don't worry. It's been known to happen often). But please be polite. That goes for all of the more "controversial" Brexit figures. Be better than them.  
2017: @theresa_may says there will absolutely definitely not be a snap GE. 2018: Theresa May says there will absolutely definitely not be another referendum. YAY, #Remainers - it's a practical certainty that we're getting another referendum! #StopBrexit 
Oops. Despite denials @vote_leave app developer for @BorisJohnson @michaelgove Brexit campaign apparently worked with Cambridge Analytica/AIQ @carolecadwalla @J_amesp 
#EUsupergirl and @RCorbettMEP outside the #labour policy forum with @LeedsEurope Asked him to give @jeremycorbyn a copy of my book so he can see all the wonderful opportunities #Brexit will take away from young people! #Stopbrexit for the kids Jezza! 
Your regular reminder that 80% of Leave voters (regardless of pid) believe peace in Northern Ireland a price worth paying to take back control via Brexit. (And 88% think same of Scottish independence). Unions in tension. #FutureofEnglandSurvey 
Brexit split the country in half, but it also showed how fiercely patriotic we ALL are. 
NI Peace Process is a barrier to Brexit.So we get this insult - from a former Secretary of State for NI - to the victims and families from these islands who sacrificed so much and gave up hatred and bitterness so that the future would be better.Brexit tail wagging the dog. pic.twitter.com/GLlkynjwED 
The U.K. remains committed to European security after #Brexit, said PM @theresa_may today at #MSC2018. See the full speech here:  
Labour have a policy conference this weekend, different groups focusing on different areas of policy.It does not have a group on Brexit. Repeat: it does not have a group on Brexit. The greatest issue, and threat, of the day for our country: and no group on Brexit. 
PM this morning made a brilliant case for UK staying in the EU. Security, like so much else, has to be approached on a transnational basis. Really is time to bin Cameron's ridiculous Brexit 
This is my Family. Before and after Brexit. Our lives matter. Do not let this happen! #1DayWithoutUs #WATON #StopBrexit #FBPE 
17,000 out of a membership of 600,000 is a little shy of 3% - assuming everyone who "spoke out" is a Labour member. It is dangerous for centrist MPs to demonise Corbyn over this. If there is a snap election and the left is split, you are guaranteeing a Tory Hard Brexit.  
‘Jeremy Corbyn has a new enemy: Mumsnet’ @spectator. That’s ‘mene mene tekel upharsin’ unless Jez comes out definitely against Brexit - as he publicly said he was before 23 June 2016. 
#Farage32 @bbcquestiontime appearances. incredible. @bbc really did a great job promoting Brexit before Brexit. Now carrying on same vein 
Turns out that the main factor changing people's Brexit opinions isn't "growing up", but instead it's the facts we're learning every day and how they relate to future UK prosperity.  
BACKTRACK: Theresa May hints the European Court of Justice could still hold sway over Britain after Brexit.That's isn't what the public voted for. That's not independence. 
Every single Brexit voter and every single Remain voter did what they thought was best for the country. That's the one thing we agree on. So surely that should be our guide moving forward. 
What does a Brexit away day lunch look like? @MattChorley discusses (image by @BrookesTimes)  
Cold. Wet. Bedraggled. And taking a coffee break from trying to get Labour Policy Forum to adequately discuss #Brexit @Labour4EU 
Somebody has reversed into my number plate and only this has dropped off... Brexit means Brexit I suppose  
John Redwood: Sharing Data & Security InfoSeems to be another non problem, unless #EU wants to make it a problem.An Extradition Agreement might be better than trying to continue with EU Arrest Warrant where ECJ jurisdiction would be a problem.#Brexit 
Brexit McCarthyism "will only grow as things get worse for the Brexiters. Anything rather than take responsibility for their failed promises, their ignorance of basic realities, and their lies. Anything to sustain their sense of betrayal and victimhood"Excellent post as always  
US PATRIOTS with Irish  & British roots please help our nations to break free of Europe. The EU is dictatorial, corrupt and disfunctional #Leave #irexit #Brexit #EUisCorrupt #EU 
Brexit is a huge black hole sucking money & resources from our nation’s urgent needs...... and spitting them into a strange new universe of bureaucratic logjam with a religious order of fantasists. 
READ: Ahead of Theresa May’s speech on security today, I say -Staying in the European Arrest Warrant is a compromise too far. For @BrexitCentral  #Brexit #EAW 
#EUsupergirl Outside the Labour Party policy forum with @RCorbettMEP and @spaceangel1964 protesting against labour's hard #brexit stance with @LeedsEurope#Stopbrexit 4 the kids Jezza! 
Yes, so by extension, Brexit itself, when the lies are taken away, there’s nothing else left. 
Decent speech by May. But HMG's msg that Brexit isn't global retreat undermined by a glance at #MSC2018 stage: parade of leaders grappling with grand security/diplomacy themes; May reduced to the niceties of negotiating access to Europol and European Arrest Warrant. 
“We mustn’t let ideology get in the way of a deal on security” says woman who threatened to pull out of security deal if she didn’t get her ideologically crazed Brexit.  
I get a lot of tweets from people with the #FBPE hashtag.Judging by their tweets, they are mostly pretty nasty people. They claim to be pro-EU but I’m not sure they’re “pro” anything but vile abuse. I think anti-Brexit folk need a new hashtag. 
"the Conservatives are going to try to play Brexit as a Falklands... play that patriotic card as their way out of a political economic breakdown” - @AnthonyBarnett.Watch the full debate with @paulmasonnews, @faizashaheen and @j_montgomerie >  
Hectoring foreigners about the ills of rigid ideology while pursuing an ideologically rigid Brexit won’t help either. 
I couldn’t possibly afford you on your inflated BBC salary! But please carry on highlighting that the BBC is no longer an impartial state broadcaster - so we can resolve this before the now inevitable referendum on Mrs May’s Brexit terms!  
We need thousands of admin staff to implement the suicidal, needless barriers to trade that Brexit voters have demanded. And we can't even do that. We can't even implement our own self destruction. What a shambles the racists and idiots have created.  
EAW is a compromise too farEuropean Arrest Warrant is one of worst pieces of criminal justice legislation UK ever incorporated into law.It's an anathema to principle of natural justice, right to fair trial & principle of balance of evidence#Brexit #EU 
If I were a Brexiter I'd 4) Do a crash course in how the EU functions 5) Try to see things from the point of view of a mixed EU family (e.g. UK/IT parents, children born in different countries) who fear being split up due Brexit 6) Learn a language #StopBrexit2018  
#Brexit is not just affecting @The3Million. Many British families are already suffering the fear of having to live #1DayWithoutUs. EU nationals do not live in isolation. Many of us have British spouses/partners & have British kids. This is our home. 
his leaflet went on to call the GFA referendum “rigged”, a “mortal stain” and “a humiliation of our army, police and parliament”.None of this is helpful when it comes to looking at this Government’s actions with regard to GFA obligation. 
We're here in Leeds to encourage delegates to National Policy Forum to establish a Brexit Policy Commission. Labour people are overwhelmingly pro-EU, we must have a meaningful say.  
If I were a Brexit supporter I would: 1) Refrain from using the terms 'Remoaner', 'will of the people' and 'traitor' 2) Try to explain how Brexit will benefit peoples' lives 3) Explain how the enormous costs, complexities and complications of Brexit are going to be overcome. 
David Mundell  trade trip leaves Scotland with no voice at vital Brexit meeting   Now February 2018 He and Ruth Davidson go A.W.O.L. yet again Rather than answer serious question on the damage Brexit will do to Scotland. 
The indictment yesterday from Mueller shows how people were systematically persuaded by a foreign power not to vote for Hillary or not to vote at all.The Brexit vote had the same kind of influence yet people are all..woah Corbyn is no James Bond..that’s not how it works. 
Are you on glue?The @BBC is completely anti-Brexit as you well know, so why lie?People like you are trying to get back into politics to ride the wave in an attempt to be remembered for something...instead of total anonymity, which is what you deserve. Anti-British as always. 
I was a young campaigner in the 1975 referendum. I don't recall any complaints about systematic lies from either side. Both put their cases clearly & honestly & Remain won 67%. The Brexiters have dragged our politics down into a cesspit of dishonesty. #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit 
Brexit.  
Friends! Evil plan!Cutting VAT on energy won't just cause dangerous Climate Change!By making it easier for elderly, Far-Right Brexit voters to keep warm in winter, it'll also enable them to live long enough to vote the wrong way in Our Second Referendum!Talk about Fascism!  
An excellent read for those trying to use Northern Ireland to stop Brexit.Remainers who claim to be protecting the Belfast Agreement are actually undermining it  via @BrexitCentral 
The #brexit decision from us inside the #EU is extremely regrettable.... things would be so much easier if you stayed.... these remarks generated a huge round of applause from the audience.#StopBrexit #FBPE #MSC2018 
BOOM: 63% of UK business leaders favour Brexit, 53% think Brexit will benefit their business, a new poll shows.Project Fear and the CBI were way off the mark yet again! 
You do know people’s political opinions change over time, right? And that the fact older people are more conservative and Brexit supporting isn’t a peculiarity to those people, but an opinion that formulated with age ie the young now will not stay left leaning & pro EU   
Lab/Con are ignoring us, they are denying us a #FinalSay referendum. The Local Elections are our one chance to show Lab/Con that either they listen to us or they will get badly hurt electorally. We have to get the maximum vote out for pro-EU parties.#StopBrexit #FBPE #ABTV 
No second #EU referendum says Theresa May  
Boris Johnson, the U.K.’s Foreign Secretary, has inspired the government’s Brexit strategy, which contains elements that make everyone happy but that also cannot actually exist:  
What spoke volumes in @Theresa_May's #Brexit security speech was what she didn't bother mentioning. She can't just cherry pick the hard-edged crime-fighting measures she wants to take from the EU - she has to bring home our crucial rights protections too.  
Lisbon Treaty originally a Treaty establishing a  new Constitution for Europe. France rejected in referendum (as did Dutch) 2005. So Treaty of Lisbon replaced it. V similar but constructed as amendments to existing treaties. Avoided need for 2nd referendum in France/Holland.  
If I received 17,000 emails from the public in 7 days telling me to set up a Brexit policy commission, I’d be very confused, but I think I’d just do it.  
Britain's PM May says no question of a second Brexit referendum  
Former top judge Richard Aikens and the excellent historian Robert Tombs are making 'The Intellectual Case for Brexit' at UCL in London on Thursday. I think I may go.  
"If we need hundreds of new customs and agricultural inspectors, the British are going to need thousands," says Dutch Parliament Brexit rapporteur @PieterOmtzigt #friction 
Dutch Cabinet Minister @Menno_Snel announces yesterday Netherlands to appoint between 750-930 new customs agents to deal with 30% Brexit increase in workload for customs and businesses - assuming two scenarios: No Deal or Canada deal.  
#OTD 1986. Thatcher signs the Single European Act. The Tories happily implement it without a referendum and It led to the creation of the Single Market.  
German journalist wrong to say at #MSC18 — Munich Security conference — to Mrs May that French people voted against Lisbon treaty then changed minds, calling it ‘prudent’. When treaty downgraded to ‘reform’ there was no 2nd French referendum. Parliament ratified. 
A helpful reminder ahead of the #LabourParty #NPF discussion on #Brexit  
Savage. But then this is what happens when you go to a European security conference pretending Brexit will have no impact on the UK’s security arraignments with Europe. #brexit  
Britain's car sales fell 6.3% in January, in complete contrast to the rest of Europe  
Theresa May says "it's right" that the referendum result was respected by UK politicians  
The stupidity of #brexit voters on other countries shows up again. No German party gets a working majority. German govts are nearly always coalitions as country has a fairer proportional representation system.  
Tory Brexiteers now declaring that an international peace agreement is over, without going back to the people who voted for it in a referendum, while at same time demanding EU signs up to an international security agreement. #Brexit getting crazier & scarier everyday  
Erm????? The state of this. Brexit has been entirely about ideology and citizens' rights has been ignored completely. Remember, EU citizens were bargaining chips!! Farcical.   
PM May appeals for close cooperation with the EU on primarily domestic security issues. “Europe’s security is our security”. Yes, but institutions matter, and Brexit unfortunately means Brexit. #msc18 #MSC2018 
At a Ukip gathering in Birmingham today, people who launched the Brexit bandwagon will argue about whether the bloke with the racist 'ex'-girlfriend should be allowed to continue leading their nearly bankrupt party.Seems to sum stuff up. 
Muted applause for May. When she sits down for Q&A the chap says “things would be so much easier without Brexit”. Cue huge applause 
My col. today: Fidelma Cook: The madness of Brexit - a view from France  
I agree with and share @sarahwollaston concerns. Time is running out for Brexit deal that protects the interests of patients and access to crucial medicines. We need urgent clarity from Govt   
'We CANNOT delay' Theresa May tells EU it faces CHAOS without ‘bespoke’ Brexit pact   
One of the sadder elements of Brexit for me is discovering how biased the @BBC is. I thought of it as a great institution, now I see it for what it is. 
"The threats we face do not recognise the borders of individual nations." UK PM Theresa May warns EU not to hamper post-Brexit security deal 
It's 20th June 2016, you're an ordinary person wanting to do the right thing in the EU referendum but you're undecided, then you're sent these misleading videos on F'book - have you been influenced? What's the problem? The problem is have any laws been broken sending them to you?  
Perhaps next time we can have a referendum on Scottish independence without intereference from London. #ScotRef 
Not exactly cracking the flags in Leeds today, but we have sunshine in our hearts as we campaign at Labour's Policy Forum for ordinary Labour people to have a meaningful say on Brexit. We are pro-EU.  
I see the Americans have Sussed out Boris Johnson.Quote: ".... #Brexit strategy, which contains elements that make everyone happy but that also cannot actually exist." 
German foreign minister Sigmar Gabriel: 'We're painfully aware of what a loss Brexit is for the EU. We should keep our relations with the UK as close as possible even after Brexit because the UK may leave the EU but they do not leave Europe or the liberal order of the West.' 
So the UK government sees Russian interference in US elections and in numerous areas of the UK economy, but stubbornly ignores the Brexit referendum. Credibility gap? #r4today 
WATCH: Today, Theresa May will give a speech in Munich, still pursuing her hard & destructive Brexit, which risks hurting our security cooperation and national security.Please RT so everybody knows that Brexit is a real threat to our security cooperation.  
Hi Owen. There were 2 referendums to ratify the GFA: NI - 71% & RoI - 94%. If you think these overwhelming results can be ignored a mere 20 years later, how quickly can we abandon Brexit's pathetic majority? 
Dithering #theresamay blowing hot and cold on #brexit Last week, “no” to any form of #customsunion This week wanting #security arrangement  "as close to the status quo as possible” 
Theresa May - The best way to secure European Security is to Remain in the EU.  Please do not attempt to twist the truth by blackmailing the EU.  It is YOU that want to leave and with decisions come consequences.  Get used to it.  #EU #TheresaMay #Brexit @theresa_may 
Tory coup: Ukip members defect to fight for 'REAL Brexit' and back Jacob Rees-Mogg  
Gibraltar has the most delusional border I know but I thought, in the spirit of border solidarity, I’d send it a wee text to see how Brexit was going for it.  
FFS. Our PM is now begging the EU to put citizens’ safety ahead of ideology just as her cheerleaders at the Telegraph argue that the Good Friday Agreement should be sacrificed on the altar of Brexit.        
This is the same Theresa May who’s pulling the UK out of Euratom because ideology? Who courts a cliff edge Brexit because ideology? No nuclear inspectors because ideology? No x-rays because ideology? No European Arrest Warrant because ideology? 
Farage’s 32nd appearance on BBC Question Time next Thursday is final straw in the BBC’s degeneration into a Brexit propaganda station. Time for weak @Ofcom to do its job & uphold impartiality. 
The Tories would rather sacrifice peace in Northern Ireland than admit #Brexit is undeliverable.  
It was @theresa_may who arrogantly boasted ‘no deal is better than a bad deal’. She thought she was being clever.Unfortunately, she isn’t as clever as she thinks she is. Brexit belongs entirely to @CONservatives! The way they have gone about it has backfired spectacularly. 
Student campaigning to stop Brexit did an interview on Sky News and it's gone viral  
#Leavers now threatening civil unrest if they don't get their way. But what is their way, there seem to be dozens of different versions of leaving the EU upon which nobody agrees.May talks about uniting the country behind #Brexit. You'd have more chance unscrambling an egg. 
We Are Looking For #European Mods That Want To #LeaveEU And Stand Against #Eurabia! DM Me If That Sounds Like You... #MEGA.#NewRight #Brexit @EuroSkeptic 
Imagine you ran your own business which had sales of £236bn to customer ‘A’ & £284bn to 100 other customers.Now imagine your sales director, lets call him Boris, came to you & told you he wanted to drop customer ‘A’ in order to focus on the other 100 customers.That in Brexit. 
Labour receives 17,000 emails from members calling for say on Brexit. A test of Labour Party democracy, who runs the party?  
BBC Brexit bias in figures @bbcquestiontime @BBCr4today It really is the Brexit Broadcasting Corporation  
A 'no deal' Brexit would leave Britain with no "fall back" on security partnerships with the EU. Are you willing to go ahead with a hard Brexit even if it makes us less safe?  
Come Join Us All #EuroSkeptic! We Stand With You To Be Free Of The #EU Stranglehold And The Creation Of #Eurabia! #MEGA MAKE EUROPE GREAT AGAIN! Join Us -  and our Live Chat - . #NewRight #Brexit #Globalism #UKIP 
Stop Brexit @UKLabour #FBPE #Remain #StopBrexit #Snoutsintherough #ToriesOut 
Cue fingers in ears from Brextremists - everywhere you look reality crashing into the Leave lies and delusions -- UK will need 'thousands' more customs officers after Brexit, Dutch MP warns  
The UK referendum was five months before the US elections, and yet they are making arrests of those who interfered whilst we are still without any official investigation.Isn't it time our police did their job? Or are they too much in the pockets of Westminster? 
There is literally nothing these extremists aren’t prepared to sacrifice for Brexit, the economy, peace in Northern Ireland, the U.K. itself, yet they think they’ve got a monopoly on patriotism.  If a foreign power did what Brexit will do, we would declare war, and be justified.  
Brexit is already weakening our defence by inciting our PM to attack France & Germany for being too ‘federalist.’ Bound to happen with Brexit. It will end in tears, alas.  
Good luck to anyone out there campaigning today. Let’s keep reminding everyone that the dangerous act of national self harm that is #brexit is not inevitable!If you meet any #bregretters please do point them my way (twitter/Facebook) & let me know so I can share!#1DayWithoutUs 
Boris Johnson is having to make the case for Brexit only because Theresa May is incapable of doing so  
Exactly, Brexit: is a soulless, selfish and disastrous project. Millions wince and burn with disgust at what's been given license by cynical, untrustworthy, duplicitous politicians, playing deadly games for personal gain and control.It's unforgivable.  
We voted to leave the EU,We meant all of it,We do not want any part of the EU,We want NO residual EU control left remaining over any part of the UK once we leave.The Prime Minister said that,BREXIT MEANS BREXIT,Well WE want her to honour that statement.WALK AWAY TODAY.  
Is our policy on regional rebalancing compatible with the Single Market? Not, does our current Brexit policy utterly undermine our objective of helping the poorest regions? You’ve got some nerve! 
And rightly so. Labour can come out of this as the heroes who stoped Brexit or even just mitigated the worst of it, or they can come out of it as insular appeasers, quibbling with themselves over doctrine while Rome burns. 
I went through @jeremycorbyn’s tweets. Did not find a single one on Brexit, the biggest political challenge facing the UK for a generation, in all of 2018. Not one. Astonishing, shameful & cowardly 
And moreover, I’m afraid you’re not fooling anyone but a slim slice of your overwhelmingly anti-Brexit membership and electorate. When the car plants are closed, and people are out of work, all will want to know what you did to stop it. 
And Québec was granted a referendum. And nobody will be roughed up by non Québec-based policemen. And French is an official language in Canada on documents etc. even in placed where not a single person speaks French. Can a Catalan fill out a doc in Cáceres in his native language?  
Now watch self-preservation kick in across US Politics. They will carry a motion to impeach the second the evidence lands. And America will never forget those who stand against it.In other news, Brexit will be toast as long as the pressure is kept up on the same issue. 
Have a look much closer home for a party that supported right wing Tory policies like Brexit & Welfare cuts, sometimes by abstentions sometimes by voting them through. We spend 10 x £millions each year mitigating your failings so think I probably still will call Labour right wing 
*Brexit Broadcasting Corporation* #BBCQT 
Labour receives 17,000 emails calling for say on Brexit  
Brexit: distorted priorities from the IoD - its report typifies the post-referendum treatment of Brexit – endless energy expended on just about everything except that which is relevant and necessary to deal with our withdrawal the EU...  #Brexit.  
Brexit: Angela Merkel says she is still 'curious' about what the UK actually wants.Brexiters still have no plan, just lies and bluster.And the majority of people now want to #Remain in the EU. So let’s #StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
1/ A few edits from this week's @RemainiacsCast including the merciless skewering of BJ's Brexit speech, some geeky stuff on tariffs and whether Magneto (from X-Men) would be a Leaver or Remainer. First up Peter Collins on BJ's shameful myth peddling on immigration & wage levels.  
Lying about Brexit? 
What happened was I bought rose for €3 and now I’m really drunk and can’t sleep and it’s entirely Brexit’s fault fuck Brexit 
Our @Femi_Sorry's opinions on Brexit are based on the knowledge he gained from studying and working in EU law for years. He concluded that it would hurt the country to leave. His academic knowledge isn't going to change with age. 
UK retail sales slump to way below forecasts as Brexit bites.#StopBrexit. #FBPE.   
Brexiters say: "Young people will eventually move to the right."Brexit leaders have called the EU elite/corporate/capitalist while also being liberal/lefty/communists.Some things aren't about Left and Right.Some things are just bad for the Country. 
Daniel Kaluuya's character was moving mad brexit in one scene loool 
And where did indicted Flynn boast about his 'army of digital soldiers'? At the @yaf - parent organisation of the Young Britons Foundation where Steve Bannon recruited his #Brexit army  
As of 30 June 2017, there were 61,891 EU nationals in the NHS, or 5.2% of the workforce. As of 30 June 2016, EU nationals were 58,698 or 5% of the NHS workforce.So exactly one year after the referendum vote there were 3,193 more EU nationals working in the NHS.  
Dear @jeremycorbyn - I am not anti-Labour I am anti-Brexit - that is why I cannot vote Labour again whilst the Labour party supports quitting. That includes May 3rd #FBPE #stopBrexit - plse save the jpg & tweet this if you agree! 
Brexiters: "Brexit will make us more secure". Reality: UK drops out of Europol & EU intel sharing. Jeopardizing everyone's security. Brexiters: "We want in on that!"Reality: They couldn't because they wouldn't accept ECJ.Brexiters: "We want this but not like this..." Etc etc 
Time to call a halt to this nightmare that is Brexit. I will vote for any party that comes out against it. 
1. FGS the Govt pressing on with its intent to force #Brexit upon an increasingly reluctant ppl in the face of mounting evidence we are already being damaged, begs a question about their mental capacity. Both Govt & Opposition have a get out of jail fee card-a #FinalSay - use it! 
@BrexitBin Tory Brexit or Labour Brexit makes no difference. They both want a Fantasy Island  
.The Brexit Bonus To The DUP.....If this comes to pass..... then the body-count will follow. .  
1/ The EU is a peace project and Brexit is making its case  
Say what you like abt USA but at least their security/justice once they kick into action arent afraid to safeguard national interest. UK will never tackle Russian influence on referendum & we’ll carry out #brexit cos we’re too embarrassed to publicly admit we got played by Putin.  
Great news today that the Government has announced the launch of a £10m fund to support co-operatives in the food chain.It is a tribute to our members and shared advocacy around farm policy in the context of Brexit. Yes still a modest programme, but a w… 
This pure BS. The reciprocal basis of a security deal will most likely keep it separate from the other aspects of Brexit negotiations. The way this all links up with NATO cooperation means it gives no one leverage  
1985 nearly everyone thought Germany would remain divided. Within 5 years the Berlin Wall crumbled & the Iron Curtain fell.22.45 today London. It is now conceivable that within 5 yrs the Caledonian Sleeper could be an International Train, thanks to Tory mismanagement of BREXIT.  
Excellent. We’d like to borrow your FBI to have a look at something we call “Brexit” thank you. 
Huge tragedy for British right that their concocted Czech spy story about Corbyn breaks at same time as "Trump & Brexit aided by Russian spies" is an actual story... 
Steve Edginton, 18, political blogger and owner of Youtube channel Politics UK, has dismantled the claim many people who voted in favour of #Brexit will be dead by the time the UK will have left the EU@StevenEdginton 
Who would trust this man in any sort of trade deal or treaty? As soon as it didn’t suit him he would ignore the agreement. Let’s sacrifice the people of Northern Ireland on the altar of idiotic Brexit ideology.  
In the UK, we only talk about Brexit starting from 24 June 2016. To the outside world, it was offensive enough that a ref was even held.When demagogues get the ref they want, they usually get the result they want, unless due controls are set - and that's exactly what happened. 
Err ... the public is changing its mind. And events are the cause. Brexit is, quite simply, a bad idea.#FBPE 
Polling now consistently showing “Brexit vote was wrong” and “Brexit is going badly”.46% (+2) think the Brexit vote was wrong, according to latest @YouGov poll. Only 42% (-1) think it was right.And 60% (vs 22%) say Brexit is going badly.Time to #StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
Here is the ugly face of modern Tory unionism - ignorant of the complex fabric of the UK & embracing #Brexit vandalism & prepared to rip up such successes as the Good Friday Agreement. Take note Scotland this is Tory unionism.  
#Michael Caine says “I voted for #Brexit. What it is with me, I’d rather be a poor master than a rich servant. It wasn’t about the racism, immigrants or anything, it was about freedom.” This guy has his finger on the pulse - a man of the people in touch with the silent majority . 
Theresa May warns EU not to block post-Brexit security deal  
Let’s do a Quid Pro Quo. I keep asking, when is someone going to investigate the work of MI5 for The No side during the referendum? I mean it was obvious, but a thorough unmasking if the idiots they recruited would be useful!  
.@Theresa_May to warn EU lives will be put at risk if it lets 'deep-seated ideology' block new post-Brexit security deal ' | via @telegraphThe EU is threatening to bar Britain from the European Arrest Warrant & limit access to a European police database. 
Angela Merkel called for a "fair balance" in the final Brexit deal but unfortunately Brexiteers didn't vote for balance - we voted out - and Merkel's idea of "fair" and mine bear no resemblance #Brexit 
FBI indict Russians over US elections.The UK haven't even started an investigation over Russians involvement in the Brexit campaign.Why are our government through lack of action colluding with Russian interference in #Brexit ? 
Just watched .@bbcnews usual pro Brexit spin from BBC Reporter.Truth though was evident from the terrible body language between Merkel and May.Frau Merkel is not for turning.#Brexit is bonkers. 
Just outstanding from one of the best Brexit commentators around. Follow and read!  
"This is like going into a negotiation with absolutely no leverage and pretending you control everything" - we speak to John Oliver about Brexit, a second referendum and Donald Trump  
Dear EU 27 residents in the UK, you have the right to vote in the May 3 Local Council Elections. If you feel you've been treated unjustly please use that right and make the Tories and Labour hear your voices!#StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE #ABTV 
BREXIT: Angela Merkel still doesn't know what the UK's Brexit plan is / #EU #Brexit  
*Thread**I am fortunate to have a number of friendly Leave voter 'trolls' who are open about their reasons for supporting Brexit, but not rude or abusive. I chat with some in DMs and here's a thread from one who agreed I could share his thoughts...1/9 
Remainers,It's easy for us to say Brexit is bad for Britain. Do you know what takes real courage? Poking your head out during a gun fight and walking over to the other side. Putting country before pride.So DO NOT give crap to anyone who's decided this is the wrong direction. 
'We're in charge' Fishermen send EU WARNING over access to British waters after Brexit  
Everybody I meet says the same....and I have to say I experience it myself...Like 'banging your head against a brick wall': Maritime sector on dealing with Government on #Brexit  
UK retail sales slump to way below forecasts as inflation and Brexit bite 
we need to give maximum exposure to @Anna_Soubry @NickyMorgan01 @ChukaUmunna , You & all the other remoaners who help sell Brexit, so well!  
Unless David Cameron is a Russian mole the only ones that made fools of us over #Brexit are the Tories and their cynical greed and lust for power.  
I refute Brexit. It’s not legitimate it has no mandate. A wafer thin #frauderendum, a Russian asset and gerrymandered was proven by our supreme ct to be NO decision. #a50challenge 
The top figure in Britain's £40bn maritime sector has said liaising with the Government over Brexit is like "banging your head against a brick wall"  
Only way #Brexit can be reversed is for govt to forge a new social contract with the people where they see an end to the housing crisis, wage inequality & tax avoidance by the 1% and corps. We need to build a Britain for the many not the few to stop Brexit  
It's bloody well happened again at my Sainsbury's @TheNewEuropean everywhere.Who is responsible? #brexit #eu #brexitshambles #BrexitReality 
Honda is just one of many businesses, what is happening to the jobs first Brexit @jeremycorbyn @johnmcdonnellMP? Isn’t it time to put a stop to this damaging Brexit? The Government is set on a path of destruction and our opposition is AWOL #BrexitBetraysBritain 
."Brexit is an issue that simply cannot be ducked.Now is the time for Labour to step forward & present a different vision. The days of brushing this under the carpet MUST come to an end."So says @heidi_mp . 
I was a shipping, transport and trade lawyer and have been screaming this since before the referendum.  Our supply chain is in jeopardy and Brexiters won't be able to eat 'sovereignty' or their stupid blue passports.  
Tony is confused. We were a passenger in the clapped out EU mini bus. It's heading nowhere fast, the rest of the world is leaving it behind. We've decided to get off, get in the driving seat of our own shiny new car to catch up & join the rest of the world very soon #Brexit  
If Brexit happens, every Brexiter should donate their 78p to charity to make up for the damage they've caused. It's the least they can do.#StopBrexit 
I agree, when will Obama be indicted for interfering and threatening Democracy in the Israeli and Brexit elections?  
"People shouldn't underestimate the dangers that Brexit's bringing."Britain's car industry is about to be forcibly split from its biggest market  
#ABTV This means antibrexit tactical vote. Make sure any candidate in local or parlimentary  election is snp green or liberal. @Conservatives Or@UKLabour Are both brexit partiesThey have betrayed our countries interests. 13 russians indicted for electoral fraud.....  
Q: Do you want to leave the European Union ?P.S. If you don't vote the right way I will keep posting this poll until you do.#Brexit #Leave #LeaveEU #Remain @Conservatives @UKLabour @LibDems @theSNP @UKIP #UKpolitics #EUpolitics 
Brexit 
Well done everyone : More please keep sharing & signing. Cheers Peter. Petition: End the export of live farm animals after Brexit.  
So, a vote which was, for many, about the UK making its own decisions in its own interests without foreign interference was, seemingly unquestionably, a decision made subject to interference from Russia - a foreign power unlikely to be acting in our interests. Good work Brexit. 
The same people interfered with the Brexit referendum. Brexiters are not pro-Britain, they're just Putin's useful idiots.  
It's live!!! Crowdfund the #StopBrexit #GreatNorthernMarch, Leeds, Saturday 24th March. Uniting the north in opposition to Brexit.  
Brexit is what Russia wants; a divided Europe. Reason enough t support remain. On that basis remainers are the true patriots. 
Red Kipper Kate Hoey shares a Breitbart article Rees-Mogg had a Breitbart cameraman at the meeting which became a fracas. Transatlantic fascism has its puppets on Left and Right. #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit #WATON 
I think I speak for a lot of leavers, but I’m sure they’ll tell me if I am wrong. @Conservatives @labour @LibDems @greenpartyIf brexit doesn’t go ahead, if you connive your way into a 2nd referendum, you will see a fury from this country that will shake you to your very core. 
This condescending insult to Remainers by @Keir_Starmer makes me ever more angry. I think many others will feel the same. Let's give this arrogant pillock a day he'll want to forget on the local elections on May 3. #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit #ABTV 
'A relationship as close as possible but different to the current one'. Good of Angela Merkel to agree with Corbyn & Starmer on relationship post Brexit. Hope it helps the centrists who 'don't understand' when Labour say it  
We are raising funds for the #GreatNorthernMarch in #Leeds on 24 March. Donate now via the dedicated Crowdfunder page! Let's see the North rise up against #Brexit & shake the Brexiters to the core!  
#bbcaq I trust that someone will remind Daniel Hannan of what he said before the EU referendum: "Absolutely no-one is talking about threatening our place in the single market". 
Moana is the story of Brexit.  
A $57 billion Finnish fund that’s increasing its real estate holdings said there’s one market it’s definitely not touching, and that’s London. The simple reason behind that decision is Brexit  
Was just stopped for a survey exiting Eurostar at St Pancras. HMG want to know how much I spent abroad and therefore how much UK economy “lost”. Trying to gather some data for a Brexit defence? 
Can Corbyn stop Brexit?“There is a scenario where the Brexit withdrawal bill gets voted down and another General Election is called” @alexnunns 
The British Deplorables? Merkel Says Germany ‘Deplores’ Brexit at Press Conference with Theresa May   
Irony is that the places which voted most strongly for Brexit will suffer most from Brexit.  
Well, indeed, we are all "curious" to know what May wants from Brexit - 19 months after becoming PM we still don't know. I suspect she doesn't either.  
No-one knows what the UK position is.  So how the hell can the referendum result stand?   How can those who voted leave convince themselves this is the 'will of the people', if no-one knows what the outcome will be. 
It is now blatantly obvious that this government is woefully unprepared to negotiate any type of #Brexit The sanest and most sensible thing to do would be to call the whole thing off. This "will of the people" nonsense is the longest suicide note in history. 
The idea that Angela Merkel could somehow intervene to give Britain a special Brexit deal is frankly, ridiculous. @SkyNews 
PM in Berlin meeting Chancellor Merkel for productive talks on foreign affairs, security and Brexit.  
When are we going to get a similar investigation into the EU referendum and Brexit? #FBPE#WATON#StopBrexitSaveBritain#StopBrexit 
The Labour leadership is ignoring the majority of Labour members & supporters by continuing to back #Brexit. The May 3 local elections are a one-off chance to press them to change their minds without risking handing the country to the Tories yet again. #StopBrexit #FBPE #ABTV 
Very good thread.  We are alone amongst EU countries to remove the right to vote when you have resided outwith the U.K. for 15yrs.  Cameron reneged on a promise to change this prior to any referendum.    
Official: Mueller says Russians conducted ‘information warfare’. Will UK govt finally acknowledge we urgently need our own Brexit investigation?? Evidence right here in this astonishing exchange between @IanCLucas & Facebook exec 
BREXIT GLOOM: UK retail sales slump to way below forecasts as inflation and Brexit bite / #EU #Brexit #Retail  
"We tend to only call Russian billionaires oligarchs, everyone else gets a different name. Soros is no different than others who use their wealth for dubious purposes."@Furedibyte on anti-Semitism and the threats to #Brexit on this week's podcast. 
Let us see beacons lit near every fishing port, firework celebrations in every village, town and city, and genuine freedom for the United Kingdom at 11:00pm GMT on Brexit Day, 29 March 2019 — the biggest event since VE day on 8 May 1945. 
So many questions. If this was Moscow's level of sophistication did Russians also mount similar operations in other Western elections? In high profile moments like Brexit? Scottish independence? Are other enemies of democracy doing the same? Can we even trust election results? 
Sigh... Would you like an ELI5 of why #Brexit economics is garbage?You have a lot of apples. You sell 50 apples to the EU for a £1 each, and you sell 50 to the rest of the world (ROW) for £1.20 (Germany sells 80 btw). That's 100 apples, £100. (the £20 is tariffs) 1/  
Top economist: “Mrs May should highlight that Britain is Germany’s third-largest market...Exports to Britain support 1.3 million German jobs...After Brexit, the UK will be the EU’s biggest external market..., another reality Mrs May should emphasise.”  
When Boris Johnson, Britain’s minister of magical thinking, explained Brexit to the people:  
Miller, Blair, Campbell, Clegg and others should be charged with attempting to defraud 17.4 millions Britons of the referendum result which calls on government to take us out of the European Union. 
Oh Look. George aligns with Labout and LibDems with the clear intent to derail Brexit.  
BBC News - Russians charged over US 2016 election tampering . BBC makes no mention of the Russian interference in the EU referendum, which invalidates the vote. Fight to stop and defeat Brexit. #FBPE 
Brexit is like Dunkirk and the Battle of Britain. Both victories of a kind but have still to win the war. There is a fifth column within our government and MSM who are a serious threat. 
This is by some distance the best thing the Beeb has done on Brexit  
Got the feeling there may be another General Election in the coming year before the shitstorm of Brexit?Here's your options...Know which I would choose.YES is a good word! #ForeverYES #SNP pic.twitter.com/XsZiajuchK 
Very true. The EU is not a club, it's a prison. We mustn't fear leaving it, whatever the short-term costs. #Brexit  
‘Lord’ Norman Lamont, opponent of Indy, just said, with no sense of irony . . “Brexit is about self-government. It’s about sovereignty. It’s about making our own laws through our own parliament rather than through a parliament in which we’ve only 15% of the share of the votes.” 
Hey @arron_banks @andywigmore @nigel_farage and your mates @RussianEmbassy, I’m sure you’ve seen the latest US indictments (IRA) and wanted to know if you wanted to get anything off your chest about Brexit and grass roots organisation ?I liked this bit. 
What the UK “wants” is freedom from a fiction. We have had 20 years of the press blaming societal ills on immigrants and Europe, because it sells papers. Brexit is trying solve a problem we never actually had.  
At the @MunSecConf organised by @ischinger to discuss with key players including @antonioguterres about the future of European security and #Eudefence after #Brexit. Looking forward to @JunckerEU speech tomorrow. 
What will Brits do when the #motor industry and its #SupplyChain ABANDONS BRITAIN AFTER #brexit ???This what happened to Detroit !What will British towns & cities look like,when their primary employer goes?@Conservatives @UKLabour #honda #nissan #toyota #vauxhall #bmw pic.twitter.com/rwsnEBlnLP 
Negative impacts of #Brexit are already being felt in #Britain's #car industry with many #Jobs at stake  via @business 
In just one week, 17,139 of us have asked our Party to create a Brexit Policy Commission, whereby as a Labour family we determine our policy on the defining issue of our lifetimes.Please keep mailing the NEC & National Policy Forum in 1 minute here:  
Mrs Merkel says she doesn't know what UK wants from #BrexitLet me help herOut of Single Mkt & Customs UnionOut of ECJNo more open door immigration from the EU.All our fishing grounds backNo transition periodNo divorce feesFree trade deal with the EUOur share of EU assets 
Will we in Britain find out about Russian interference in the referendum? Does May care? Does Corbyn? Is Brexit driven by the will of Putin? #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
13 Russians charged with interfering in US presidential election.  Meanwhile the UK government puts its fingers in his ears and pretends there was no Russian interference in the EU referendum.  “La la la la la.  I can’t hear you.”   
The simple and tragic fact is that while #AngelaMerkel  is a true leader Theresa May is just a poser which means our Brexit will be as comfortable a landing as plane diving nose first into the ocean.  
Brexit?  
Merkel tells May: 'We deplore Brexit'. Well Angela, we Brexiteers deplore your breathtaking arrogance, your sheer contempt for British democracy & the irreparable damage you have caused to the whole continent of Europe.   
"There is no evidence to show, none whatsoever, that the people of this country have changed their minds. 69% of people, no matter how they voted, think we should just get on with it and get out." #Brexit pic.twitter.com/vtI9aYzi99 
PM goes to Berlin and fails to explain the UK position on Brexit because it hasn’t yet been agreed. However you voted, we just can’t go on like this. UKGov is an utter embarrassment to us all.  
European spy chiefs in joint plea for post-Brexit co-operation  
This is an excellent summary of where we are now with Brexit.... The Brexiters have tried running but they really can’t hide. They own it all.  
Remainers howl Boris Johnson down because they can't cope with his Brexit triumph, says @asabenn 
Brexit: Millions deplore it too, millions of us: ignored, overlooked, unheard but not unwilling to keep up the fight for our membership of the European Union. We are loyal UK and EU citizens, that's our common bond, that's our strength, and our aim.  
Let's make it massive in Leeds on 24th March. If you can, please help fund the #GreatNorthernMarch where a sea of blue and yellow will say no to the loss of jobs, rights, protections and freedoms that Brexit would bring. 
Maybe Yarmouth's leavers will begin to see the impact Brexit has on the local community now. This story is replicated thousands of times across the UK. We all need to wake to the appalling destruction of the Tory project.  
17,000 people have spoken out – Labour must consult members on Brexit  via @labourlist 
As I was saying this morning - and have been saying for the last year. Germany's position on #Brexit won't change.  
“Is it possible to reverse Brexit?” by @anandMenon1 Very many words when the answer is simply: yes.The piece - like a lot of #Brexit commentary - assumes UK will be able to stick to the Article 50 timetable. I’m pretty sure it won’t. 
In our view, an announcement of a Brexit Policy Commission giving grassroots Labour people a rightful & meaningful say, leading to policy developed by the Many, would be a huge boost for our Party. It's long overdue, but infinitely better now than never. 
As the #Brexit process dominates politics – and diverts Westminster’s energy away from virtually every other issue – businesses are struggling to fill vacancies and to find the people they need in order to grow.  
Angela Merkel tells Theresa May: 'We deplore Brexit'  
I've donated to the #StopBrexit #GreatNorthernMarch which is in Leeds on 24th March. We know from impact assessments that the North of the UK will suffer most from #Brexit, so please support this. @Labour4EU @terrychristian @TheNewEuropean @Reasons2Remain  
"I’m not angry at the people who voted Leave. I’m angry at the people who didn’t see that society had become so unfair, unjust and unequal that of course people were going to vote against the establishment, no matter what question you asked them."  #Brexit 
"The decision from the Irish College of General Practitioners not to endorse a YES vote in the referendum on repeal is significant and welcome." says @Savethe8thInfo   #SaveThe8th 
EU will not lift visas unless #Turkey eases terrorism laws, & accession talks are on hold.The #Brexit argument that “Turkey would soon join the EU” was always a lie (as eg @GuitarMoog @chrisgreybrexit reminded us today)It becomes even more remote now. 
Angela Merkel says she's 'not frustrated, just curious' to find out what Theresa May wants out of Brexit 
UK car production down for first time since 2009 and investment down by >£500 million in last year. #Brexit and announcing we won’t be in the Customs Union is hurting the industry with @LandRover announcing that they are cutting down UK production due to #Brexit uncertainties. 
There's a fatal logical flaw here. A 2nd referendum could only lead to feelings of betrayal if Remain were to win, in which case that would be what the majority now want. Is he arguing that unjustified feelings of betrayal are more compelling than the "will of the people"?  
Latest YouGov Brexit tracker has referendum outcome "wrong" 4 points aheadBrexit wrong 46% +2Brexit Right 42% - 1 
As Merkel and May meet today: - Germany’s position on #Brexit won’t change:- ‘Going over the head’ of @MichelBarnier won’t work. He gets his orders from 27 EU heads of state.- Now contingent on the U.K. to lay out what it wants on future trade (beyond organic carrots.) 
Nick Gibb says that in order to help Britain become a great global trading nation in a post-Brexit world, it's vital that every child knows the name of every country's capital city so he's introducing a Capitals Test for Year 1 children in all schools. #AnotherGoodIdea 
Angela Merkel says she is still 'curious' about what the UK actually wants from Brexit  
"When the NPF meets in Leeds this weekend, the Labour leadership must listen to the thousands of members who have spoken out this week and set up a dedicated Brexit commission," writes @heidi_mp  
After September 25 Kurds were very close to independence but less than a month later Kurds were defeated after betrayal by a certain clan. However it is a temporary defeat.The 92% YES referendum result goes into history books even if all enemies say the referendum failed.  
EU drops threat of Brexit punishment as the 27 members rein-in  @MichelBarnier whose bullyboy tactics threaten their trade with UK 
A Turkey or Norway style soft Brexit would tie the UK to an unwieldy, decaying bureaucracy. The case for withdrawal from the EU is now even stronger than it was when the Brexit referendum was held, says former global trade chief Alan Oxley  
A hostile environment for immigrants, Boris Johnson failing to be liberal and the danger posed by Brexit to our food production. This week’s #ScotlandInEurope update covers these and more. 
German Chancellor Angela Merkel says she wants as constructive a partnership as possible with the UK after it leaves the EU and they want to stick to the Brexit timetable 
This statement by Jaguar Land Rover owner Tata Motors to the US Securities and Exchange Commission reveals exactly what they think of the effect of #Brexit on their business."There can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully".source:  
An extract from '#Brexit: A Drama in Six Acts' by Paul Craig, St John’s College, Oxford."Moreover, they have endowed the country with productive human capital that would have cost the UK £6.8bn in spending on education"  
Just to say, it’s not just the centrists who think Labour’s got in wrong over Brexit. I disagree from the left. Labour’s Brexit policy is *not* left wing. The opposite.  
Barnier forced to apologise over 'inappropriate'  Brexit punishment clause  
Nobody wants to limit the opportunities of their children. So now the country has a choice to make:Give our sons and daughters the right to freely live, work and love anywhere in Europe, orGive them a Brexit we know they don't want. 
"Let's get on with Brexit and make a success of it!"Hmm ... "Let's climb Everest in our underwear and make a success of it!""Let's go deep sea diving with a snorkel and make a success of it!""Let's build a ladder to the moon and make a success of it!"Any more?#FBPE 
Thanks for having me - @ScotGov will do everything we can to try and help business through #Brexit uncertainty and confusion.  
Happy to see our (still) young #Brexit handle has already found so many friends (and future friends). Thank you for following! Keep in touch with the German Foreign Office Brexit Team!  
@OFOCBrexit for the most touching video on the realities facing us with Brexit - all Brits deserve better   
We were delighted to welcome @Feorlean to the distillery today. Mr Russell met with staff in our bottling hall and discussed the impact of #Brexit with Springbank Director Ranald Watson and Sales Manager David Allen.  
Make sure you are all following Medics Against Brexit! (Below)... and also Nurses for EU! (@Nurses4E)  
.@campbellclaret in @TheNewEuropean on Corbyn’s lack of Brexit questions at PMQs .“It is like a football team winning a penalty but insisting they take a corner instead, and then knocking the ball around by the corner flag.”  
I traveled on a bus in Belfast today which was part funded by the EU.Next time you're on the road to Derry/Dublin that will have been helped by EU funds because NI is a net recipient of EU funds. All of this will stop after BREXIT. YAY!!!  
With all respect - which is restricted due to the bandwidth absorbed by cult like behaviour among your supporters - you should probably come up with some words on Brexit. Or the present day in general.  
Good coverage in Agenda magazine Re Brexit & Deal not Done. SF advocated caution on 8th Dec Re joint EU/British Brexit “deal” - Irish Gov said it secured “cast iron” guarantees.  So let’s see if an Taoiseach means what he said “Irish Gov will never again leave the north behind”  
Good to hear @Keir_Starmer say that the option of the Customs Union should not be taken off table at #Brexit debate here in #Cardiff - especially given Irish border question @WalesForEurope @Open_Britain 
German Business group hammers May on #BrexitWhen it comes to Brexit, Theresa May has “lost all sense of time. Instead of finally putting concrete goals for the future relationship on the table, London keeps delaying” says Joachim Lang#FBPE 
‘German friends confess they envy the British who had the courage to say no thanks.’Ex-soldier and diplomat Adrian Hill completes his analysis of Brexit diplomacy in light of a leaked German Army report on the future viability of the EU project. 
Our first Government Brexit Update was released today and can be accessed here:  Sign-up to receive the next Update direct to your mailbox:  
I am looking forward to the May elections. If you support staying in the EU, for a better future for the UK, to stop this disaster of Brexit, I urge you to vote tactically and for a Remain party. No Con. No Labour. Lib Dems. Green. SNP. #ABTV #FBPE We can #StopBrexit 
Heading off on first leg of a busy weekend first @BBCAnyQuestions in Nairn, followed by @MarrShow on Sunday then off to Brussels with Brexit Select Committee @CommonsEUexit. Suspect #Brexit  will be top of agenda throughout #FBPE 
“My concern is how ministers and officials quite happily advocate placing the Queen’s armed forces under the control of a group of mediocre foreign politicians.”Ex-soldier and diplomat Adrian Hill on recent developments in Brexit diplomacy and defence: 
Some in the #Leave camp are definitely getting concerned that #Brexit isn't going to happen, the clearer it becomes that it's going to be an unmitigated disaster. There also appears to be a correlation between how abusive they are and the amount of racism in their twitter feeds 
Lord Howell: Brexit is rightly making us focus on the network and markets of the Commonwealth  
The Corbynites are starting to realise The Absolute Boy's strategy of being all things to all people on Brexit isn't working any more. And they don't know what to do about it. 
Theresa May is talking to #Merkel today, tomorrow she'll be at #MSC2018. I had a look at #Brexit coverage in Germany this week in preparation. /1 
Spotted on the railings outside Downing Street on the London anti-Brexit march in March last year....How little progress has been made... how much anger at the shambolic but intentional betrayal of it all? #FinalSay 
I’ll spell this out as a Brexit timeline, as people still seem confused:March: no transition deal due to UK incompetence.June: internationals finalise departures.October: no free trade agreement due to UK incompetenceJanuary: EU 27 ratifies no deal exitMarch ‘19: chaos 
Highly successful #Campbeltown distillery @Springbank1828 concerned at lack of information about #Brexit : Europe 40% of their business and they attract many European visitors to #Kintyre 
The stop Brexit cause has a massive image problem. Given what’s coming down the track this year, the public could change its mind, there could even be conditions for a second referendum. But if stop Brexit is represented by Lord Adonis and Tony Blair, you might as well not bother 
Great thread, which basically confirms the article I wrote last year and followed up the other day. No Deal Brexit it is.  
Brexit deal delay could put NHS patients at risk, Tory MP warnsWollaston tells health secretary medical businesses & services ‘remain in dark’ - “Patient care, both in the UK & EU, is at risk of being compromised in the event of a disorderly Brexit. 
This may come as a surprise to the #FBPE brigade, but stopping Brexit will not come about by telling the public in a condescending manner that they’re wrong. It requires formulating an anti establishment case against leaving the EU and hoping the public changes its mind 
Why do people who are making it their life’s mission to stop Brexit have to be as insufferable and unpleasant as pre referendum Brexiteers. You can add delusional to that list as well. Lord Adonis is not yer Macron 
Goodness...so this is what #Brexit openness & transparency is like...amazing how quickly one forgets when faced with an autocratic Govt & semi-complicit opaque Opposition...Binding #FinalSay 2018 with a #StopBrexit option#WeAreRemain#WeAreTheOppositionNow#ConfirmTheWill 
No matter the kind of Brexit, Yorkshire and Humber loses out. Brexit is not inevitable if the public change their minds. #LeaveWatch 
I won’t vote for Labour whilst Corbyn continues to vote with & advocate the same Brexit as the Tories. Labour are literally putting the ideology of the hard right & left before the welfare of the poorest in society.And I doubt I’m the only one to feel like this.  
Is it possible to reverse Brexit? | Anand Menon  
Bank of England "has no good choices" as Brexit approaches and will have to raise rates, Adam Posen says  
Brilliant from @CalumMillbank. Brexit is a distraction from the real problems facing people, and it will only make them worse.Lexiters and those who think Remainers are the liberal elite, please watch.  
Proud to support @OFOCBrexit with money given to our crowdfunder. Amazing spokespeople for their generation WATCH @CalumMillbank making the case against #Brexit   
Please vote Pure Remain in the May Local Elections. Please send the Remain message to the Tories and Labour, that Remainers will not vote for a Brexit party. Please vote LibDem or Green only.  
Is it my imagination or has there been a marked increase in aggressive and abusive intolerance from Remain supporters who oppose Brexit being continued in the last 3 weeks on social networking sites?At what point will the media pick up on this abusive and intolerant nature?  
London remains more attractive than for foreign tech talent any other European city despite Brexit  
We believe in Global Britain. Nothing says Global Britain like the relationship between the North East & Japanese automotive sector: Nissan, Toyota, Honda. The EU made this possible, #Brexit risks it all. Our ex-Ambassador to Japan captures it nicely... #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Sarah Wollaston writes to Jeremy Hunt calling for transparency on Brexit NHS contingency plans  
Britain’s Remainers plan to secure a second Brexit vote — with the help of a summer rock concert and a mobile app.   
Over 17,000 emails sent to Labour in 5 days demanding members get say on Brexit  
The UK/EU #Brexit negotiations feel like a 15 round light heavyweight fight to me. At the end of the 6th round the EU have thrown all their biggest shots and are looking tired, breathless, concerned & out of ideas. Time we stepped the pace up. @theresa_may 
A pleasure to welcome @AndrewMarr9 to sunny Brussels this morning for a lively discussion on the #Brexit negotiations & the @Europarl_EN's fight for citizens' rights. It will be aired on Sunday. 
Like 'banging your head against a brick wall': Maritime sector on dealing with Government on Brexit  
Jim Ratcliffe, the billionaire tycoon & #Brexit supporter, has handed a contract to create a “British” successor to the Land Rover Defender to a company........in Germany. If you still dont know you've been had, I cant help you....   
#Owen Pipsqueak weasel guardian bore, Owen Jones still talking bollocks non stop. Never bloody shuts up crying  about Brexit & Donald Trump everyday. Anyone listening to this halfwit. He writes for the  guardian newspaper that’s it. Stop giving this dweeb air time FFS.  
Campaign launched for young people who want to stop #Brexit ruining their futureOFOC describe themselves as ‘a group of angry, determined young people who think Brexit is a disaster and should be stopped’.#StopBrexit #FBPE @OFOCBrexit #OFOC 
This is the letter @sarahwollaston has written on behalf of @CommonsHealth (which I sit on) to @Jeremy_Hunt to ask that he takes action in the wake of serious concerns about access to drugs & medical supplies to protect patients & our life sciences #Brexit  
Total respect Calum for reiterating, what for most us is blindingly obvious. That #brexit is the greatest attempt at political distraction in our lifetime. Well done you and I am sure I speak for many of us oldies. The future is not ours, We back you to claim your right - #fbpe 
Let me get this right, some folk are saying that the Tories, the same folk who cannae figure out sending Work Capability Assesments to people dying with cancer is a bad idea, will somehow figure out Brexit in 8months? Nae bother. 
The harder the #Brexit the more Britain will have to beg the super-rich and multinationals to invest here. And the larger the reduction in EU trade the more a desperate Britain will have to concede to get quick trade deals. #BrexitBetraysBritain#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Why won't HMG listen to business rather than promote the myth UK freedom to conduct its own separate trade policy brings untold wealth opportunity. Better working together with our European neighbours in an uncertain world. Will never desist from my soft Brexit campaign!  
Don't let our country be hijacked by right wing extremists#StopBrexitThey are only serving their own self interests#ToriesOutHelp the #EUSuperHeroes defeat the #Brexit Super Villains #JacobReesMogg Support the protest on 29th March#FBPE 
#UK : Hundreds Of Thousands Of Protestors Demand ‘Immediate Brexit’!   Do you?           #fo2eu 
I left .@UKLabour last February. I stood down from my short tenure as Branch Secretary because we were not allowed to discuss Brexit or alliances. Labour is #ForTheMany Leave voters and not for the many more #Remainers . They are out of step with their members .@Labour4EU #WATON 
Fantastic straw man, as ever from #remain bed-wetters. Coincidentally however, humans share 60% of their dna with bananas. So how about we give every banana a British passport, and the EU can have all our whingers who can't distinguish a continent with political union? #Brexit  
Reminder. A peer-reviewed impact study of Brexit and the NHS found that every form of Brexit is damaging to NHS & UK healthcare... with "no deal" being the worst outcome:  
Impact Assessments continued: Rise in trade costs unavoidable: 75 pages of #Brexit impacts on EU-UK trade related to Ireland and its different sectors. Study worth reading  
Gavin Williamson a great slap down to the French President, who has sought to undermine Brexit negotiations:"What is the point in listening to French politicians - we have our own foreign policy, we don't need to copy [others].'   
The #brexit referendum was the blackmailing tool Cameron used to succeed in renegotiation UK's position in the EU given that threatening withdrawal alone wasn't credible because of the enormous costs of exit. British public, you've been duped. 
Me, watching a coin repeatedly being tossed like a #polling #geek watching two-point shifts in voting intention:[heads]okay[tails]wow what changed[tails, tails, tails]popular opinion seems quite stable right now[heads]time for Corbyn to go[tails]Brexit is really changi 
At #Campbeltown Harbour with Harbourmaster Stephen Scally & Deputy David Martin -  port is flourishing and EU funding has been essential for upgrading both piers . Not possible to see how much needed third pier could be built without it.  #Brexit a threat to future success.  
My piece for #FT - time for the Government to state its preferred post-Brexit UK-EU trade relationship.   
#LordStevensofLudgate Everything we've seen since the referendum justifies our decision the situation in Poland, no stable government in Germany the upcoming elections in Italy & even #PresidentMacron says the French may vote to leave if given a referendum  
I used to believe that it was the job of journalists to challenge the lies, untruths and misdirections of those they interview but the #EUref proved beyond any doubt that broadcasters and the majority of journalists just enable their lies and provide a platform for lies. #Brexit  
This man's explanation of why young people should stop Brexit is flooring people  
Excellent thread explaining German position on Brexit, and demolishing several Brexiter myths about this  
WATCH | Sir Michael Caine reminding us why he backs Brexit: "I'd rather be a poor master of my own fate than a rich servant of someone else's."  
Sir Michael Caine on Brexit: I'd rather be a poor master than a rich servant  
Spot on. Our country’s woes would be made worse by Brexit. Everything @CalumMillbank says!@OFOCBrexit @BestForBritain This is the voice of the anti-Brexit movement.  
Who's really taking back control? Brexit voters are not taking back their country - it's being hijacked by the most right-wing UK government in recent history. Enough is enough. Time for renewal. #RenewBritain Article: @Jon_Danzig 
I support @Jacob_Rees_Mogg becoming PM cos he would deliver #Brexit@theresa_may is making a right hash of it.  
What is not to love about @OFOCBrexit ?The best profile ever:OFOC!@OFOCBrexitWe are young Brits from Darlington, Finsbury Park, Oxbridge & all over the U.K. who know Brexit can be stopped. We know because we’re going to stop it. Game on.@BremainInSpain is right beside you. 
Representatives of Westminster, if you can´t find the courage to be honest and tell your constituents the real truth which is that Brexit is just a shameful distraction from the issues we are facing on the ground, then maybe it´s time to resign and make room for real leaders.  
Join me in supporting the Tell Labour what you think on Brexit Campaign  
‘I want a Brexit-style divorce — with him as the UK.’  
Remember that big big election in June 17?When 32 million people actually voted?And when 26.5 million (80%) of them voted for pro-Brexit parties?While only 2..4 million (<8%) voted for the anti-Brexit party?Do you remember that, John?@ReplabJohn 
Labour #Brexit Policy: Jeremy Corbyn Under Pressure As Members Write 17,000 Emails in the last 5 days alone speaks volumes. 'We can't keep brushing this under the carpet,' says Heidi Alexander#StopBrexit #FBPE 
13. And finally, the biggest exporter in the world after China is Germany. It sells its cars to China whilst being in the EU. So the Brexit suggestion that Britain needs to leave the world’s largest trading bloc to ‘go global’ makes zero sense to Germans. 
Such wisdom in the face of adversity...this should be the voice of Britain...this should be the wake up call #Brexit is & will continue to harm us & deepen division if it goes ahead. #StopBrexit & focus on the real problems facing the country we all love!#FinalSay#WeAreRemain 
clear from the Irish media I have been doing that the Irish are utterly bemused @jeremycorbyn and @johnmcdonnellMP so disengaged both from Brexit and N Ireland. #SoAmI 
Time for some right wing newspaper bingo.Made up science shite about cancer/heart attacksBrexit is going great bollocksCorbyn’s a commiePhoto of DianaIt’s a full house! pic.twitter.com/oDmPu35u2U 
7. As such, biggest risk to Brexit talks in my view is domestic political uncertainty. Can Brexiteers accept that the transition won’t be bespoke and that there will be many more years of negotiation after leaving to secure the future relationship? Will they pull WTO trigger? 
This is delicious: A majority of business leaders in the UK think Brexit will both be best for the interests of their companies and the EU economy as a whole, while 63% favoured it on a personal level  
Important thread on the myth that EU citizens just have to register for their #citizensrights post Brexit. It's not a registration but an application for a new lesser status. Application with conditions attached.   
3. Any suggestion that May can go over the heads of  #Brexit negotiators to convince Merkel to ‘do a deal’ is simply incorrect. A) She can’t do that - and b) it wouldn’t be in her interests to do so. 
Small thread on a vitally important & illustrative sentence in Boris Johnson's "Path to #Brexit speech" that for some reason the vast majority of the media did not pick up on. 1/ 
1. In case it wasn’t already clear - Germany’s position on Brexit will not change. The U.K. has a history of over-relying in Germany in EU negotiations. (Cameron made this mistake too.) 
Bavarian business shows great interest in state of play #Brexit. Integrity of Single Market = key for success of Bavarian economy. @IlseAigner @WeyandSabine 
Everyone knew what they were voting for, right @DanielJHannan, @Nigel_Farage, @afneil et al? Except, it seems, The Leave Alliance. #Brexit  
Perhaps I rushed to judgement & root vegetables will save the economy, if we leave the EU. What do you think would save a post brexit economy? This is a non-debate &/or tagging thread. 
Baby boomer Leavers seem to forget that before joining the EEC Britain lost an empire, got humiliated by the US in the Suez crisis and became the economic sick man of Europe.#StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
I'm now the proud holder of an Italian right to remain certificate & Italian health card that entitles me to access healthcare throughout the #EU - made easy thanks to my EU citizenship. How easy will it be for Brits to acquire the same after #Brexit?#StopBrexit #CitizensRights 
Two flaws with 'Stop Brexit' which need to be called out:1) Its totally wrong that Leave voters would change their mind on the basis the EU is too intransigent & insecure to cooperate.  2) In no way does the UK deserve economic punishment for opting out of political union. 
Sir Michael Caine on Brexit: I'd rather be a poor master than a rich servant  
Thank you all tweeps. We will make 80K during the next 24 hrs. We then have 10days to get to 100K. Together we can do it Keep sharing Petition: End the export of live farm animals after Brexit.  
You're absolutely right. Cameron didn't bother with the positives of the EU just the negatives of Brexit.  
53 per cent of business leaders said the UK leaving the EU would be best for the EU economy overall, 53 per cent said it would be best for the interests of their company and 63 per cent said they favour Brexit on a personal level.   via @CityAM 
WATCH | Lord Stevens of Ludgate: "Everything we've seen since the referendum justifies our decision; the situation in Poland, no stable government in Germany, the upcoming elections in Italy and even President Macron says the French may vote to leave if given a referendum."  
It may always have been there, but Brexit is normalising racism.If only because of this,the policy has to be halted.  
Corbyn's desperation for votes at 16 is setting a whole generation of children against their parents & anyone older than them. He is dividing parents from children by stealing and corrupting our children's minds. No votes at 16 without a referendum. Don't let Corbyn get his way.  
Post #Brexit "Settled status" to be extended to citizens from Norway, Lichtenstein and Iceland as UK begins negotiations with the EEA  
"People shouldn't underestimate the dangers that Brexit's bringing."Britain's car industry is about to be forcibly split from its biggest market  
The saddest revelation of Brexit is this: even if Brexit were a good idea, Britain lacks the economic and political leadership to make anything of it. Our indigenous skills base is also too low for us to go it alone and there is no short-term probability of that changing. 
‘But the idea [mutual recog] is unlikely to win favour in Brussels and Michel Barnier, the EU’s chief Brexit negotiator, has repeatedly said that the UK will not be able to negotiate special access arrangements to the single market for financial services.’  
Friends! That's nothing!Recent figures, carefully made up by Our Experts, show that well over 127% of people now oppose Brexit!And yet, when you mention this scientific fact to Leavers, they just laugh and say "Give it a rest, mate - your side lost!"Talk about Hate Speech!  
Given that we know that we will have a Remain voting population before Brexit is even semi-complete, don't you think it makes sense to AT LEAST, give the people a say on the exit terms? #OFOC 
If people that voted #brexit were concerned about globalization and social welfare then their concerns will surely not be alleviated by multiple free trade agreements which provide for less protection of labour & social rights than the EU and are the definition of globalization? 
Politicians 'are frightened: of the press, of their own party members, of killing their own ambitions, of a rising tide of thoughtless populism.'Excellent from @helenlewisOn #Brexit both Labour & Tory leaderships acting like rabbits caught in headlights 
Shoutout to San Carlo restaurant for its new ‘Arseholes of Brexit’ celebrity wall  
Once again Labour closer to business on mitigating trade damage of Brexit than clueless Tory front bench ...  
Which comedy act would get the worst deal from the Brexit negotiations:Morcambe & Wise - 2%Davis, Fox & Johnson - 88%Curly, Larry & Moe - 6%Laurel & Hardy - 4%Via Opinium (Feb 16) 
Pound will plummet on hard #Brexit, #IMF warns 
#Brexit is a xenophobic right wing project and @UKLabour should be opposing it as the vast majority of their members and supporters want.#FBPE #PCPEU #StopBrexit #StopBrexitSaveBritain #ExitFromBrexit #BrexitReality #BrexitShambles 
Barnier forced to apologise to EU diplomats over 'inappropriate' Brexit punishment clause | May to hold talks with Merkel in Berlin | Remainers hoping to use summer rock concert and mobile app to secure second referendum  
Important article by Alan Oxley, former chairman of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade & member of the @LegatumInst Special Trade Commission: "The case for withdrawal from the EU is now even stronger than it was when the Brexit referendum was held" 
Superb explanation of the real issues behind the vote for Brexit and why we need leaders with the courage to #StopBrexit. But who are they? @Keir_Starmer @HackneyAbbott @Andrew_Adonis @LeanneWood @NicolaSturgeon @DavidLammy @Anna_Soubry @ChukaUmunna @theresa_may @CCHQPress #FBPE 
As Theresa May speaks to Angela Merkel this afternoon, it is clear that there is no plan, no strategy and no clear thinking on #brexit. But this is what #brexit means and symbolises - confusion & uncertainty - this can all be reversed with a change of mind @Open_Britain 
Labour gets 16,000 emails in five days urging it to consult on Brexit  
Rubbishing the forecasts in the impact statements, lying to us, destroying jobs and the economy, destroying their party. @Conservatives The Nasty Party!  Where is UKLabour when we need them? Voting with the Tories and ignoring Brexit. We must #stopbrexit @BrexitBin 
"Voting age could be cut  to 16 before next general election". Labour's desperate ploy is such a danger to the UK that this decision should be subject to a referendum. Minimum voting age should be raised to 21.  
every MP, as you sit on your hands doing nothing to stop Brexit, watch this and listen to @CalumMillbank @OFOCBREXIT  Media, get people like this on your out of touch programmes. And everyone else, tweet the hell out of it 
Ok, it’s time to send every story of “the sunny uplands of Brexit” to your MPs.Here’s another one . . . The UK may need to send cars manufactured in UK to EU for certification, then bring them back again to sell, if we lose EU approval.   
Oh God, Theresa May is giving another Brexit speech tomorrow. I think we’d get more clarity if she simply screened Highlander 2 and gave her own commentary. 
Very busy two days in Wales ahead: series of Brexit impact discussions with Cardiff businesses & trade unions; members event with @AnnaMcMorrin; campaign session with @JoStevensLabour team; then @WelshLabour gala dinner. Tomorrow @unitetheunion Wales Brexit conference. 
England voting for its (Brexit) independence, the media pushes huge opportunity, taking back control, Empire 2.0 etc. backing up the WM Gov agendaScotland voting for its independence, the media pushes the line of destruction, collapse etc. backing up the WM Gov agenda 
I’ve spent many a Christmas away from my home and family, reassured by the fact I was serving my country. What is see out of my window now, with the left wing, tree hugging, PC dipsticks gets to me, however #brexit for me makes it all worth while. Dont let us down #leave #torys 
Theresa May & Angela Merkel will be discussing #Brexit today ...And they say Life doesn't imitate art   
We have written to @Jeremy_Hunt on the urgent need for clarity on the details of a Brexit transitional period, and on the Government's contingency planning to protect patients and the UK’s life science industry. Read the letter here:  #BrexitHealth 
A 21% rise in retail prices, an 18% rise in agricultural costs and a 17% rise in food and drink costs predicted over the 15 years post-Brexit. No-one voted to be worse off. We must grant the public a vote on the deal.  
Remainers: We need to fight this right-wing Brexit coup!Corbynistas: Yes! Let’s fight this right-wing Brexit coup!Remainers: So why won’t Corbyn fight this right-wing Brexit coup?Corbynistas: Blairites are plotting a right-wing coup of Labour! Traitors!Remainers: 
In a completely unforseen Brexit development, a British man is rejected for a lorry-driving job that requires the successful candidate to "live and work in the EU".How could anyone have seen this coming?? 
Can Corbyn stop Brexit??“There is a scenario where the Brexit withdrawal bill gets voted down and another General Election is called” @alexnunns 
Theresa May has continually vowed to hit human rights laws and workers' rights. Her vision of a post-Brexit Britain is one of empowered business chiefs profiting from wage slaved workforces. It must be stopped... #r4today 
Limiting academic research collaborations to due to ill-thought out Brexit policy reduces our competitiveness. Current work fostered by the EU sets the pace globally, and to malign them risks limiting our options to all research.  We deserve the #FinalSay 
“People shouldn’t underestimate the danger of Brexit” said John Cooper, a union rep who has worked in the car industry for 50 years. “Why would Nissan continue to invest in the northeast when it’s got a plant in Spain where it can build the same car without a 10 percent tariff?” 
You can have the NHS or Brexit, but not both. One of them is life-affirming, people-helping, a massive endeavour for good. The other is the complete negation of those things.Hard choice, eh? 
Labour members love me. Labour members hate Brexit. I love Brexit.Labour members still love me. Love is crazy. 
Loving the way brexit fanatics are getting very nervous at Femi and the young remainers growing louder and more prominent. They have finally realized the young will reverse their brexit and know they will do so soon 
Layoffs arrive in Brexit Britain and car-makers are up first'Cost of assembling a car in Britain could increase by £2,372 after Brexit'Jobs at Honda in Swindon at stake 
If the last sentence isn’t loaded with hints of kompromat I don’t know what is #Brexit  
If #Brexit alone doesn't kill the #NHS, the scramble for trade deals afterwards certainly will.  It's not what people voted for - we need a #FinalSay.#StopBrexit #ToriesOut #Remain #Brexitshambles #EU #FBPE #ABTV #WATON #FinalSayForALL 
“So what countries will we actually trade more with after Brexit”“Ah you know, the ones that want to exploit child labour, that kind of thing. Some real opportunities there for a country with absolutely no fucking morals left whatsoever.” pic.twitter.com/Groa3ApjUc 
BBC presenter and Tory ‘Brillo’ Neil referred to someone as having a dose of ‘the A C Graylings’. BBC pro Brexit bias is so deep rooted they are becoming quite brazen about it. There needs to be a clear out at the BBC - soon! @Andrew_Adonis 
Why Brexit could be disastrous for the car industry - plus Friday's other headlines  
"Brexit is rooted in imperial nostalgia and myths of British exceptionalism" one year ago in NY Times and Brexiteer grip on reality is weaker still. 
Angela Merkel has accused Theresa May of not saying what she wants from #Brexit, saying that all she ever replies is "Make me an offer" ... I think the time has come to be tough, tell her free trade or we walk. 
Cost of the EU? EU m'ship costs average worker less than 58p A WEEK for enormous benefits. That's £30 a year. We've all been lied to by Brexit Extremists. We deserve an INFORMED vote on the final deal. #RethinkBrexit #RenewBritainarticle: @Kevin_Maguire 
“As a gay man I burst with pride when crowds came #HomeToVote for same-sex marriage. This time around much more is at stake…" London-Irish ARC member Paul Jennings sounds off on why this referendum is vital to the lives of Irish citizens:  #repealthe8th 
Brexit already working wonders for our NHS.So much for £350 million a week. Now we are haemorrhaging doctors too. #FundOurNHS 
The people voted to Leave, you may or may not like that but it doesn't change this fact. It was a Nationwide vote & comes in under one umbrella of the United Kingdom. No one vote is more important or less than any others & that's the point of the referendum."Cry me a River!"  
No break from Brexit todayNo break from Brexit yesterdayNo break from Brexit tomorrow No break from Brexit until Brexit is broken.Stop Brexit and heal our divided country, or Brexit and the division becomes permanent.#dontbrexitfixit#StopBrexit 
Resist a US trade deal. Your life may depend on it@GeorgeMonbiot on #Brexit threats to food and healthI'll be negotiating much stricter EU regime for antibiotic use on farms soon. We must ensure we follow that, not drug-addicted US farming system 
‘Northern Ireland is changing rapidly and unionist politics has failed to keep pace.’ nail. Head. Hit. I know NI unionist politicians aghast at what’s happening ATM, particularly push for hard Brexit from many in DUP  
Where are we on the journey on the dirt track to #Brexit?Stagepost 1: Johnson‘s carrot  speech. Flop.Friday/Saturday: May in Berlin/Munich#PeasInOurTime#StopBrexit 
We must keep making the case against Brexit. We'll never reach the hard core cult-like Brextremists but there are millions who are less dogmatic & ready to listen to reason...focus on the pragmatic floating voters. They decide every election. #FinalSay #FBPE #BrexitImpact 
UK aims to keep financial rules aligned to EU post-Brexit: This, again, is a tacit acceptance that the current EU rules benefit Britain. The whole exercise is an effort to preserve what we already have as a member of the EU. Futile. #StopBrexit2018 
.Brexit....."undertaken in a mood of patriotic rage whipped up by a bunch of mischief-making millionaires who care not a jot either for the peace of Europe, or for the REAL well-being of the British people." 
The EU Withdrawal Bill contains a potentially fatal booby-trap to Brexit that no-one's spotted.Its sweeping powers may enable a future PM to unilaterally - without putting it even to a parliamentary vote - apply to rejoin the EU. 
A collapsed NHS, child poverty, homelessness epidemic, Foodbanks, Brexit, austerity, but guess what Theresa May’s Chief of Staff Gavin Barwell is doing, responding to porn on twitter, the degenerate Tories literally w@#?!king while Britain Burns, oh but Jeremy Corbyn is a Commie! pic.twitter.com/3v1Nbl0XG0 
Irish govt has produced its own #Brexit impact assessment, Ireland will lose 4.3% of gdp in a free trade deal & 7% in WTO (no deal), so #Brexit not only hurts the UK but our friends & family in Ireland too #BrexitShambles 
Will Wales join Scotland & Northern Ireland in seeking independence from England as May & Corbyn orchestrate the Brexit disaster?  
Anyone tell me how often Farage has been on BBC Question Time in last 2 years & whether anyone has appeared more often? Time for @ofcom to look at Brexit bias of BBC, esp BBC’s constant promotion of Farage, whose party now has 2% support! @bbcquestiontime 
Bank of America is spending hundreds of millions of dollars on Brexit legal issues and customers will gain nothing, CEO says   
#bbcnews seriously damaged by refusing to discuss #Brexit in remainer area whilst booking #Farage yet again.  Let's hear some new voices @Femi_Sorry @brufatto_tom @thomasbrake @Wera_Hobhouse  
In any case why are making a success of #brexit and a second referendum mutually exclusive unless the former is unlikely?  
The Lib Dems are giving you false hope. Do not be fooled, they can not stop brexit and can not get you another ref or a final say on the deal.They want power and will kick you in the teeth again just like they did when they propped up the Tories for 5 years. 
Brexit BOOST: London NUMBER ONE choice for international technology despite 'Project Fear'  
Job cuts, production slowdowns and perhaps closures. Brexit is scaring Britain's car industry  
Are UK really giving all this up for blatant lies & 10-15 years of poverty - DID UK REALLY VOTE TO LOSE ALL OF THIS on the basis of the Rich Mans Brexit Lies & deliberate deceptions =- there is still time to change your mind & tell your MPs you have done so  
“I can’t remember a time when Britain’s problems seemed so large and the politicians confronting them felt so small”. Very sad but true by @helenlewis. They will ‘lead’ the UK into steep decline with their inaction over #Brexit.   
Thanks for compliment but I’m Labour. Britain needs to stop Brexit & tackle today’s social crisis (housing, NHS, education) with passion of the Attlee Govt after 1945 - & without scapegoating Europe & foreigners. That’s my mission!  
It is quite clear the #BBC are not neutral on Brexit.  There is absolutely no reason for Farage to be given a seat on the panel.  He is not leader of this failing party, nor do they have any seats in parliament.  The #BBC have prompted #UKIP for years.  It has to stop.  
Labour has set up eight policy commissions since last year’s general election, to consult members and develop policy, but none focus on Brexit.#WATON #StopBrexit #ABTV 
Do Not Vote for @jeremycorbyn party in Scotland his mission is maintain the UK under any circumstance AND a Hard Brexit Scotland NEVER voted for Brexit Think about it !!!  
Yet another swing to remain from an area that voted massively for brexit!#FBPE #StopBrexit #StopBrexitSaveBritain #WATON #Remain 
Attention #UnitedKingdomPetition: End the export of live farm animals after Brexit.  
I’ve called Brexit a tedious rerun of all trade debates we’ve already had in the past thirty years, as people of Britain discovers Earth isn’t flat. This time, it’s about data flows and privacy.  
Your daily reminder that imposing massive constitutional change based on a wafer thin win in a gerrymandered referendum is not the hallmark of a functioning democracy. #FBPE 

