Trump needs to make the mid-terms a referendum on constitutional rights. This is how energizes the base. This is how he turns out voters.SHARE:  
Am I still angry about Brexit? YES 
I can never vote for @UKLabour while they enable a Tory Brexit. 
Sort of makes you wonder if there’s a connection between tactics used in the Brexit vote & the 2016 US election. And, a common foreign influencer.   
I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but UK companies and residents will be stripped of *the EU* after Brexit too   
"plot (noun) 1. a plan made in secret by a group of people to do something illegal or harmful." yeah see that's what boris and the Brexiteers are up to; we don't have a secret harmful plot, we have an unconcealed rescue plan  #StopBrexit 
can it be described as a plot if we're all openly campaigning and sharing ideas and our succeeding at it will save the country from disaster? Brexit is the plot. 
With every day of the #Brexit debacle that passes it becomes more apparent our PM & her Govt are shutting down every opening for genuine democratic scrutiny & accountability, aided by some parts of the less reputable press. And when you get a reputable journo..they are shut down.  
Sky won't fall in if UK left UN, Commonwealth, NATO, Council of Europe, OECD, OSCE, etc but hardly good reason for leaving any of them. Brexit promised sunlit uplands so what is there for Remainers to fall in behind if Brexit is now a populist slogan & HMG is in damage limitation  
The #StopBrexit plan had started coming together. Was a bit worried in January. Three months on and we are gaining ground and strength.Onwards and upwards.#Brexit #FairVote #fairvotenow #FBPE #CambridgeAnalyticaUncovered #AggregateIQ #BrexitGate 
If you oppose Brexit &/ or if you oppose Tory Austerity, there is one story that can end it! #CambridgeAnalytica This could be May’s Watergate! Read about it, research it, view it on my timeline, retweet it!!This can bring Tory govt down now!#ChangeIsComing #JC4PM #FBPE 
.@jessphillips for her straight talking and drive on equality..@KateHoeyMP Brexit.@JohnMannMP and @wesstreeting on anti-semitism and not being afraid of the extreme left. 
I feel like the referendum was like the moment in Ghostbusters when the evil EPA man shuts down the ghostbusting unit and all the crazies and ghouls are released. That is what we are living through now: a world in which all manner of craziness flies through the air. 
Richard Burgess, BBC Head of News, cannot explain why it did not cover thousands of people campaigning for a Peoples Vote on #Brexit, but did cover a Farage stunt  
Can’t even get the flag the right way up! Nearly as pathetic as the idea we ever lost control of our Country! However it’s certainly true Brexit will ruin our Country- perhaps that’s why you’ve attached an upside down flag to rubbish bins? 
I have to agree that BBC, and to a lesser extent other TV channels, feels obliged to uphold the govt fiction that Brexit is a sane endeavour. The foreign media isn't constrained in this way, and much more could be made of that, especially in EU and Commonwealth. 
"We are in very dangerous times" - Bob Geldof on the growth of nationalism across Europe and the EU's major miscalculation on #Brexit #latelate 
Make no mistake Scotland if we don't get out fast, you're all going to lose so much, have a read of this from someone who fully understands the legal ramifications of Brexit. #BrexitReality #NeverTrustATory 
Bring back Saturday jobs to get British youngsters working after Brexit, Esther McVey says  
"#Blair can’t see that he's the epitome of why many working-class people voted #Leave. A man elected PM to help the working class, helping only himself. To lucrative jobs, a 10-strong housing portfolio and a £30million fortune." #Brexit #Remain #JC4PM 
Haha!"Brian Aldridge's nightmare continues as more toxic filth is found at Home Farm"#archers #brexit 
Well, well, well.Join the dots! I’ve been begging my MP to investigate the use of bots and trolls in the lead up to the EU Referendum and keep getting fobbed off.Where can we find out more? How can we be more sure?We need more info.  
(3) All the detail:  
'That's DISGRACEFUL' Brexiteer SHUTS DOWN MEP who called Brexit an 'extremist ideology'  
I really fear for the future of my children, as a result of this Tory Brexit they will be denied the easy access to most things European,  the things I have enjoyed all my life 
#TheBeat #hardball #inners#TheResistance This race is a referendum on our country. Steve King must GO! I'm black, grew up in DSM, graduated UofI. Moved to TX 25yrs ago but I KNOW he doesn't rep all Iowans. Please donate & follow @Scholten4Iowa. This one's on ALL of us. 
Harris MacLeod (Canadian) worked for John Bolton’s (Mercer funded) super-PAC in support of Thom Tillis, while simultaneously, Tim Glister (English), worked on behalf of Tillis’s ultimately successful campaign. Both were #CambridgeAnalytica employees. 
They wanted to create huge diversion from Irish border brexit and Labour successes in local elections. Diversionary tactics ALWAYS been best means of hanging on to power pre social media. Now public have wised up!!  
Wonderful that the National Union of Students has joined the growing number of voices across the United Kingdom who are demanding a people’s vote on the terms of Brexit.Young people are the future, our future and theirs. #StopBrexit via @leftfootfwd 
Good Friday agreement.  Not quite 20 years ago but seems like a lifetime ago.  It was important, it was almost unbelievable, it was a major step in reconciling the irreconcilable.It barely got a mention in the referendum 
Corbyn will be remembered on Brexit as Iain Duncan Smith is remembered on Iraq: the little dog that sat opposite that could only ever nod. 
May’s behaviour towards the press “made New Labour control freakery – which I also experienced – appear positively benign”Behind the scenes of May’s #Brexit tour  
We are the 73%. Labour voters don't want #Brexit and it's certainly not inevitable. Join our campaign and let's turn this around.  
'Brexit can and must be reversed' - @Andrew_Adonis blogs #BrexitFuture 
6 Months to make a difference#Brexit #EU #FinalSay #Article50 Think about itYou can still help change minds#FBPE #WATON Get Active RT@chrisinsilico #CA #AIQ #Canada #Election Manipulation & impact on democracy @BrexitBin @yvonne_rogers7 @Mcr4EU @StevePeers @DoctorPete 
1 New trade deals - UK wants to roll over same as we had with EU2 SIngle Mkt - we want "frictionless trade as possible" with EU3 EU Laws - UK plans to keep EU regulationsWhich leaves Freedom of Movment - immigration - which for 20months we were told #Brexit "was never about". 
There are absolutely no benefits of Brexit! 
'Without Brexit voters Corbyn CAN'T win an election' Nigel Farage SHUTS DOWN Labour MP  
my takeOnLatest #Brexit #TheresaMay #Putin situ  @CLewandowski_ @realDonaldTrump @GovMikeHuckabee @colette_dowell @ForeignPolicy @ManUtd 
Peter Brookes on Brexit and Pope Francis reportedly denying the existence of hell - political cartoon gallery in Putney  
Dear @bbcnews, Please can your presenters not say ‘we WILL leave the EU  next March.’You need to respect parliamentary & civic democracy, which leaves open the possibility that we won’t #Brexit.As a compromise, do as @huwbbc did the other night & say ‘we’re set to leave’. 
Brexit happened because people who were not happy with their lot wanted the rest of us to suffer too. There is no argument that will convert those people. The UK is now divided and will remain so. Theresa May lives in a vacuum. 
I've said this before: Brexit is literally the first time that the alleged 'will of the people' has been taken to be so binding.The people have willed countless things in the past; not least, fairer wages and an end to greedy fat cats.Well, that didn't happen. 
It's actually more nauseating to watch the media let him do it. #Brexit  
At the airport to pick up my family and seeing people from all over Europe embrace loved ones as Scotland welcomes them warmly. I absolutely despise Brexit and all it stands for. Please deliver us with #indyref2 
"It’s nauseous hearing Tony Blair trying to rewrite his legacy using Brexit" 
How did Arron Banks afford Brexit?  
Very clear thoughts by @henrikenderlein on #Brexit. Depth and breadth of British self-inflicted wounds are just amazing.  
I don't know what percent of Catalans would vote for independence. The only way to know is a referendum, one in which Catalans are not prevented from voting by Spanish police. 
Klopp on Brexit: “If you have to make a decision for the whole country, then find a solution for the whole country, not for old people in the countryside.”   
And this is before #Brexit......Cross-Channel passengers delayed by tougher security checks - BBC News  
Leaked Government Brexit Analysis Says The UK Will Be Worse Off In Every Scenario  
The wonderful irony is that it was the policies of Blair that ended up causing Brexit - mass, uncontrolled immigration, the giving away of too much power to Brussels, the idiocy of the “human rights” Act and the growth of the arrogant, comfortable elite.   
Brexit Laura @bbclaurakThis is Frankfurt. It is a quarter the size of LondonIt is located in the EU that has trade deals with 70+ other countries & the largest market in the worldLondon will not be in the EU in a year.Staff start moving on Monday. 
For those who have replied saying we have human rights - yes - but I am talking about Treaty rights that British citizens and businesses can now enforce in 28 states as against both states & individuals/businesses.  Brexit is a vote to remove vast freedoms and rights, for no gain  
Should we reverse the Brexit vote? No says @KateHoeyMP 
Freelance demonstrators protesting against Brexit were paid  via @MailOnline 
Brexit in a nutshell:We are throwing away the goose that laid the golden eggs for a goose from Michael Gove.#FBPE#ABTV#StopBrexit 
The SNP are up to their usual tricks, and have registered a new website to organise for a second referendum. They need to be reminded that the people of Scotland have already voted to remain British.  
That is shockingly misleading from Sally - very disappointing. FM was not attacking supporters of Leave in general, but rather the Tories for waving through  May’s damaging Brexit deal. This is really poor from a public service perspect - their job is to inform, not misinform. 
Never been a fan of the BBC conspiracy theory...but when  it com es to Brexit....this is such deliberate and flagrant distortion of what FM actually said....  
The ties btwn the Trump Campaign and Nigel Farage go deeper than his visit to Trump Tower during the Transition.They go deeper than NF's trip to see JA at the Ecuadorian Embassy.They go deeper than the mutual connection of Cambridge Analytica to the Trump Campaign and Brexit. 
UK, YouGov poll:EU membership referendumRemain: 53% (+1)Leave: 47% (-1)Field work: 26/03/18 – 27/03/18Sample size: 1,659 
Another failure to address the real issues of #Brexit - platitudes and mantras at the ready though in NI as they were in Scotland , Wales and Northern England during her disastrous “ one year to go” tour.  
A report on the main German ZDF news last night said ... "The EU27 have accepted Brexit and moved on. They even see some benefits for the EU with it ... without the UK constantly holding everyone back."Not good. Not good at all.#FBPE 
Jurgen Klopp exclusive on his faith, football, Liverpool future and Brexit.Cracking interview by @SamWallaceTel 
Blair wants another referendum. How about a referendum on Tony Blair and Alastair Campbell for war crimes? 
So 1 year from now, the Brexit Broadcasting Conservatives will have special programmes to celebrate the UK liberation from the EU jackboot or something like that.I don't want to be in the UK on that day.Anyone feeling the same?I'm considering taking a few days off in the EU. 
Just crossed seamlessly into the Republic of Ireland - as we have done many times in the last couple of decades. It’s Good Friday 2018 & Brexit looms on the Horizon. I can’t help feeling sad at how carelessly this particular challenge was considered pre-referendum.   
British fishermen tired of taking 'scraps' from Brussels are counting down the days to #Brexit, and escaping the ill-founded and tyrannical rule of the EU's CFP.  
Anyone who's been to Asia knows that those emerging economies are getting stronger all the time. They out class us already in some ways. Those who aren't already our competitors soon will be.When they come, I want to stand strong with partners. Not alone in a Brexit daydream. 
Secondly, if Labour ignores its members, supporters and even its own tests in order to support a Tory Brexit Deal, then I feel a small reminder is in order.  
Richard Burgess, the #BBCnews editor on #BBCFeedback made a risible case. Yes, the USA anti gun demonstrations are important for UK youth but far more important to them is the future of their country and Brexit poses a far greater danger to their future than Americans with guns. 
BBC News Editor challenged on zero coverage of anti-Brexit marches last weekend. His response? ‘How much of a live issue is it really?’ Well, on the BBC not at all, which is precisely the issue! #BrexitBroadcastingCorporation 
Dave,Dave,Dave! We’ve had  denial about antisemitism ,bullying in the constituencies, gerrymandering on the NEC,duplicity about Brexit,the most inept front bench in labour history, and I’m the one helping the Tories! For goodness sake get a grip, mate!  
Wow. “A colleague at one big Brexit-supporting newspaper told me 95 per cent of its journalists oppose Brexit.”  
The BBC should take note of the number of baby boomers who no longer listen to their news coverage (in my case due to their Brexit bias) and who will now actively campaign for them to loose the licence fee.  @BBCNews 
Also Airbus, which says it may have to move to mainland EU after May's Brexit, employs nearly as many people as fishing, but #bbc doesn't think that matters. Well I have news for them: It matters to #bbc licence payers in Bristol and Broughton @rburgessbbc 
Well said @PeteMcKee... "I got really annoyed after Brexit, when people started criticising and blaming the working class for Brexit... when really it was manufactured by very wealthy public school people."  
This argument that the British people must be allowed to vote on the 'final deal' before we go through with Brexit... The people didn't vote to leave the EU *only with a deal*. They voted to leave the EU, period. A deal would be a bonus. Not having one doesn't change the vote. 
@BBCR4Feedback Just listened to the pathetic response of Richard Burgess re Anti Brexit marches. The BBC anything but impartial re Brexit, running scared more like. After the Brexit the BBC needn't expect any support when Murdoch starts putting the pressure on his cronies. 
As a final kicker, I’d be very happy to apply for citizenship of my lovely adopted home, but the fact that I worked for the UKGov here means I can’t until after the planned Brexit day. Despite having lived here for 13 years. 31/ 
"The 17m who voted ‘Leave’ may be short on gratitude. The 16m who voted  ‘Remain’ will be unlikely to forget. Remember that 13m wins an election."Blair warns Labour and the Tories over Brexit. Full  speech here:   
Theresa May has learned absolutely nothing from her General Election campaign last year - her little fly around yesterday in the name of #brexit was as heavily stage managed as ever! Here you can see she had a choice between meeting people or meeting cows for instance...  
Klopp on Brexit, per this superb @SamWallaceTel interview: “If you have to make a decision for the whole country, then find a solution for the whole country, not for old people in the countryside.”  
There's basically two things* Britain leads the world in: money laundering & the growing mercenary industry. We can't understand the Cambridge Analytica story, or Brexit, without understanding that:  *also reality TV show formats. But that's another story. 
I have had no idea whether I’ll be able to continue as self-employed in Belgium after Brexit. The recent draft of the Withdrawal Agreement says I will, but this is entirely dependent on overall agreement, which is in turn dependent on an agreement that looks unlikely on NI 19/ 
Grimly satisfying though it is, watching the BBC auto-flagellate for rubbish coverage of Brexit is no substitute for actually better coverage.  
Brexit is not about handing power back to the british people. This is evidenced by the total disregard for parliament.It is about handing power to the few.Dont be fooled our country is in the grip of a silent coup#FBPE #StopBrexit #brexit 
Excellent. Well done to everyone who has complained about the BBC's desperately shoddy coverage of pro-EU events. They need a re-think and fast. As the host states, Brexit is "the biggest foreign policy mistake in 50 years". #StopBrexit #FBPE We will do this. 
Changed my Twitter profile to include huge compliment from @NickCohen4 - @Nigel Farage of the Centre.' My ambition now: Farage's 32 appearances on BBC Question Time, to help defeat Brexit! 
So pleased to have found my favourite EuroStar again... This doesn’t get old! Feel free to use this video in any heated debate on the virtues of EU membership#Brexit #ThankEUGoodbye 
Theresa May's an odd one, isn't she? Campaigned for Remain, fully aware that Brexit is going to cause decades worth of damage but ploughs ahead anyway.Makes you wonder why she does it - and who she's answering to. 
Tim Garton-Ash absolutely right here on anti-Brexit tactics: 'On s’engage et puis on voit'  
However you voted, leave or remain if you are not concerned by the current state of politics you are a fool.The right wing are driving #brexit at any cost and this may suit you now, but soon that same disregard will fall on you. We are handing our country to zealots.#FBPE 
Excellent!! On BBC Feedback today (Radio 4) the top item was complaints about the lack of coverage of the anti-Brexit rallies across the UK (while BBC covered US gun marches & Farage's dead fish stunt).BBC UK News Editor is then grilled... Listen in: 
I continue to find May's stance the most bizarre of the many bizarre things about Brexit. Has any other PM enacted so fundamental a policy whilst seemingly believing it to be completely mistaken? What must it be like to live with such cognitive dissonance?  
NEWS: Anger after Reporting Scotland misrepresents First Minister’s Brexit comments 
Who’s side would you rather be on?364 days to go before #Brexit  
If the Brit Est. rigged the EU Referendum. Does anyone really believe they didn't rig Scotland's independence referendum as well?  
Key Take: “I think Brexit is going to deliver a country that will be different,” the [PM] said carefully. Kuenssberg tried to get her to expand on the nature of this difference. “I said the sky won’t fall in,” May continued … “but it will be different and it will be different.”  
Maybe this is a good time to remind people that Corbyn and LabourLost the General Election On a Hard Brexit manifestoAgainst the worst candidate in living memorySince the election they've changed NOTHING.Maybe they should.#FBPE 
OMG! @BBCRadio4 Feedback actually questioning its coverage of the anti #Brexit marches last weekend!First item!!!Well done guys!The complaining is making a difference!#StopBrexit 
There is a connection to #CambridgeAnalytica. Oh & #Mueller has all of Malloch's documents. #ChristopherWylie detailed the links between CA, Brexit & the US election. More revealed here.FBI questions #TedMalloch, Trump campaign figure and Farage ally  
Brexit is about the rich Rees-Moggs of Britain, not anyone else  
UKIP leader @GerardBattenMEP says Remainers voted due to PROJECT FEAR and don’t want a second Brexit vote. #ForTheNation 
Jurgen Klopp exclusive interview on his faith, football, Liverpool future and Brexit | @SamWallaceTel  
Brexit isn’t a done deal. We have a year to stop it.Europe is changing. People’s minds are changing. Polls show the majority now want to #Remain.Democracy demands that Parliament and the public have a #FinalSay to #StopBrexit. 
#ABTV means Anti-Brexit Tactical VotingOn 3rd May just don’t vote Labour or Tory.Instead Vote:@LibDems@TheGreenParty@theSNP@Plaid_Cymru We must send a strong message that Brexit is not OK & We, The People will not let it happen.Please RT #WATON #FBPE #ABTV 
"The impact of closing the borders for a few days to the free movement of food would result in a food crisis the likes of which we haven't seen."Sainsbury's CEO issues a Brexit warning  
There is not one study done - not by any reputable economist, not even by the Government’s own Brexit department - which suggests we’d have any more money to spend after leaving the EU.  
Absolutely spot on, Andrew.I got sick of the viva La Brexit coverage on BBC news at 10 last night, so instead watched last night's Channel 4 news on All 4.They could literally have been broadcasting the news about two completely different countries. 
Just listened to Richard Burgess trying to justify the lack of coverage of the anti-brexit marches that took place last Saturday. He didn't consider Remainers to be part of a developing story and didn't think that this was a significant event. Unbelievable! @BBCNews #stopbrexit 
Brexit is “bordering” on the insane.  She’s too scared to talk to you.She’s too scared she will be forced to admit she knew all along it was a big fat lie.  Someone might show her her own video statement. 
The news gets better when we remember that former Chancellor George Osborne warned that a vote for Brexit in the Referendum would have an "immediate and profound effect on the economy" with a recession and massive unemployment. No wonder he left politics.  
BBC BIAS: 32nd Farage appearance on Question Time, BBC refusal to report anti-Brexit marches last Saturday, vetoing by BBC  top execs of programmes criticising Brexit (of which more from me anon), & constant bias of Today Programme, convince me BBC now in breach of Charter 
Wrong @BBCr4Feedback, the newsworthy element #brexit and fishing isn't that it upsets @ScotTories MPs who were exposed as Westminster Tory fodder. It matters to the Scottish fishing communities they've betrayed & that's what you should cover. 
#Brexit is making the ‘union’ more fragile than ever. Future outside the EU should lead to pressing ‘reset’ on UK, too - time to redesign Britain as a collective of independent countries working closely together - a ‘new union’ of sovereign British nations.  
Never believe that the UK has 'accepted Brexit'.People learn to accept anything, given time. Especially before the event, before the damage and the pain. At the moment, it's still just an idea.Ask them again when they've lost their jobs and their homes. 
20 years ago the Good Friday Agreement brought peace after decades of bloodshed in Northern Ireland. I watched TV hour by hour as negotiations continued with huge sense of relief and hope. Brexit must not be allowed to ruin this precious agreement. 
Brexit and what it means for the Belfast (Good Friday) Agreement.A 'big picture' outline in a fairly short piece.   
Do you think you're the problem? - Matt Frei grills Tony Blair on Brexit  
ComRes poll for Express shows that only 29 % are optimistic that their household will be better off after #Brexit while 44% are pessimistic  -  but Express didn't publicise that bit! Why not? Afraid that people are no longer swallowing the #LeaveLies ? 
Jurgen Klopp exclusive on his faith, football, Liverpool future and Brexit | Interview with @SamWallaceTel 
'Brexit can and must be reversed' - @Andrew_Adonis blogs #BrexitFuture 
Easter #podcast listening: We talk to Guy Verhofstadt, the EU Parliament's Mr Brexit, and to Brits in Brussels, left stranded by Brexit after spending decades here helping to "build Europe" - in this week's episode of EU Confidential.  #EU #Brexit  
"Farage's formula for #Brexit is that of someone who knows he will never actually have to take responsibility for it. So he can continue to con #fishermen & everyone else," @chrisgreybrexit writes in @PoliticsMeans. #EU27 #OneYeartoBrexit #FBPE #FinalSay 
"The argument for Brexit still doesn’t stand up to scrutiny"  
EU nations REFUSING to face up to the economic reality of Brexit  
Thanks. I've decided I will speak my mind freely about the negative consequences of Brexit although the hard Brexit trajectory is very solid for now sadly.  
Want to be a part of the largest ever national action day against a hard and destructive #Brexit? Put on an event or deliver leaflets in your local community. Sign-up here: With @Open_Britain @euromove @_Britain4Europe @WalesForEurope and more! 
Reminder. John Bolton was with the leadership of the leave campaign in the UK on the day of the Brexit vote. He was in Britain that day in their war-room / tally room. Very spooky coincidence, & I say spooky in the RIS kind of way@thespybrief@LouiseMensch@ericgarland 
Upcoming referendum may change how money is created in Switzerland  #Vollgeld #monnaiepleine 
British MEP: "Brexit is a selfish act against the EU";   via @FRANCE24It seems not all Tories are spineless leavers.  Well said @CharlesTannock ! 
Indeed he did. It seems like the funder of hard #Brexit backing @LegatumInst would personally prefer to stay in the EU (let's count how many other Brexiters actually have EU passports) 
Everyone needs to get out there and vote on 3rd May 18. I can't influence the way you vote, I am not Cambridge Analytica. All I ask is that if you don't want Brexit then please put tribal loyalty aside and don't vote @Conservatives or @UKLabour. Thank you. 
"I want to talk about the opportunities.""Brexit offers great opportunities""We have to focus on the opportunities of Brexit"Okay.... so what are these "opportunities"?......silence."Quick...get back in the car!"#brexitshambles #ScotRef #IndyRef 
I am registered to vote.I will use this vote to show my protest against #Brexit.As one of @The3Million, I was not allowed to vote on #EUref and this might be my last chance to get the right to vote as it might go away with #citizensrights. #the3millionVote #RegisterToVote 
Tune in 7pm tonight and every night from Monday on @talkRADIO #Moats #Russia #Skripal #Salisbury #Corbyn #AntiSemitism #LordLevy #Momentum #Lansman #Labour #Tories #Brexit #Korea #JohnBolton 
I don't know if you've noticed, but I'm not particularly fond of Murdoch, Mercer, The Kochs, and the like.I mean, an Australian national who has a global media empire, and had his rags aggressively push Brexit, is having his attack dogs go after Soros for exactly what he does!  
Dear Mrs May @theresa_may, I too am bitterly disappointed at the shameful tampering and cheating which brings national shame and international disrepute. Still, whilst you will quickly get over the cricket, I will never get over Brexit.  
5% is more than 0.4%, that's good isn't it?                                               ~ Brexit Logic  
Imagine the wall to wall British media coverage if Nicola Sturgeon won a referendum or election, then whistle-blowers admitted to over-spending, accepting donations from outside the UK illegally and then outed as gay a whistle-blower, endangering his family. 
Received our polling card for local elections today. With Corbyn leading @UKLabour party and lack of opposition on #Brexit I just can’t vote for them. The 48% can send a clear message on how voting will go in future. I will vote #LibDem. #FinalSay 
The key to unlocking a close EU - UK relationship post #Brexit lies in our past. @AndrewDuffEU and me on the need for a pragmatic new association agreement  
After Brexit, the UK recovers its financial freedom. A major opportunity would be lost if we did not reconsider taxation, says Jonathan Clark 
Gerard Batten MEP - "A lot of people voted to remain because they were fearful of the threats that were being made."They can now see that the threats were empty and they’re increasingly seeing the bullying and tyrannical image of the EU itself." #Brexit  
BBCScotlandNews wordplay changes target from Tories to ALL Brexit voters including those members of SNP who voted leave. 
Michael Portillo - "We’re in a customs union that puts up tariff barriers against the rest of the world. It’s very surprising that left wing parties can be in favour of that. Why do you want to block out the rest of the world?" #Brexit  
Seriously. Robert Mercer's Cambridge Analytica had a hand in Brexit, the Kenyan elections, etc, but while there is so much public scrutiny on the data analytics firm, Mercer's white supremacist attack dog is out publishing stories like this; "globalist' activists toppling govs!  
"I think every time Tony Blair opens his mouth and says the people got it wrong and they should change their mind, I think that solidifies those of us who want to leave." #Brexit  
1/An act of defiance."Je suis toujours Europeenne".And #Brexit can never take that away.#EUsupergirl determined to #StopBrexit.And Before anyone asks... No it isn't "Ode to Joy".It's a song by Don McLean called "Vincent" also known as "Starry Starry Night"  
.@BBCScotlandNews twists First Minister's words'FM said...those who supported (Brexit) would never be forgiven'What FM actually said:‘The interests of Scotland & UK will be deeply damaged. That will be the TORY legacy...I think future generations will never ever forgive them’  
"The working class... were sold that leaving was a solution because their daily life is faced with poverty."This Sheffield artist shares his view on how he thinks Brexit has affected class and national identity in the UK. Watch the full documentary here  
In Norwich, the polls in Mar 2018 are saying 69% Remain: 31% Leave.The people of Norwich don't want Brexit!  
Really enjoying Robert Saunders’ new history of the 1975 referendum campaign. There’a a gem on every page: including that Margaret Thatcher refused to commit the Conservatives to upholding the referendum result. 
Why, if you care about our democracy, regardless of your views on #Brexit, the #cambridgeanalytica #facebook #VoteLeave scandal matters. My latest @ExpressandEcho column. 
Long Read: What are the Economic Effects of Britain Leaving the EU?  I wish every brexiter would read this but I'm not holding my breath   via @brexit_sham 
Brexit means Brexit.  
I was on #scotnight last night marking 1 year until Brexit. It's time @theSNP stopped wasting time manufacturing a constitutional crisis and worked with HM Government and @theresa_may and worked to get a great deal for all parts of the UK. 
'That's DISGRACEFUL' Brexiteer @AmandeepBhogal SHUTS DOWN MEP who called Brexit an 'extremist ideology'  
'You're part of the problem!' C4 anchor Frei RIPS INTO Tony Blair for Brexit re-run calls  
Jo Swinson: We still have the chance to stop Brexit  
Blair says because he was prime minister for 10 years he can see how much damage brexit will do. Can´t see why, he hasn´t yet seen the huge amount of damage he did to Britain when he was in office. 
A Hong Kong police officer once told me about the night sovereignty was returned to China. People expected some seismic event but, he told me, they changed their jackets at midnight (he was on duty) and that was it. Brexit would be a whole lot of disappointment and a big bill. 
In sworn testimony, Simpson alleged that Farage could have been the key go-between for WikiLeaks & Trump campaign and that Farage ally Ted Malloch [also a Bannon ally] was the linchpin in Brexit ⇆ Cambridge Analytica, ⇆ Trump.via @Byline_Media #Maddow 
I don't blame young people for being angry. Look what Blair did. He chucked away their money, their housing and their future. Now they see Brexit as the scapegoat when in fact Brexit is their last hope!  
Prediction: When all said and done, evidence will show Mercer Bannon Trump RNC GOP RUSSIA Bernie JillStein Giuliani Kushner Parscale Gates Stone Assange @CamAnalytica SCL Farage Nunes & Roerbacher conspired together to engage  COUP D'ETAT & active measures on USA & #BREXIT. #MAGA 
Many business leaders fear a hard Brexit damage their companies but keep quiet2avoid upsetting ministers or consumers. @drechsler_paul, president CBI recently implored them:“Tell your story.The real risk is2say nothing&reap the blame later4our silence now” 
So @theresa_may went to visit a pro-Brexit farmer who thinks farming could be badly affected by Brexit. And that was the most Brexit friendly person she could find  
"Very few British politicians, civil servants, business leaders or even many Brexit-cheerleading journalists believe the official state ideology of Brexit. They just mouth the slogans" says @kupersimon. which sounds a lot like another system I remember 
#Brexit implications: Alarming economic perspectives. January 2018 “EU Exit Analysis Cross Whitehall Briefing” created a discouragement since the future economic perspectives are alarming and almost every sector would suffer #BrexitFuture  by @Socialnews_IT 
#FARAGE : May’s mishandling probably set back Brexit opportunities by 5 years.  What a useless twunt she is!        #fo2eu 
Let's do a quick check:US (Trump) is raising tariffs on trade with everyone #AmericaFirstChina breaks WTO rules on state aid. So they'd wipe out UK industry (e.g steel)Japan needs us in the Single MarketWhere's this post Brexit trade, then? 
Tweet from Danish Prime Minister @larsloekke during his Easter vacation in Scotland:"Here in Scotland where Im on vacation the worries are big. Danish support to EU membership has increased significantly since #Brexit".  
"I was part of the young generation that kind of feels politically homeless."This is one Sheffield artist's take on Brexit, and what this means for class and national identity. Watch the full documentary here:  
Brexit Broadcasting Corporation don't want anyone on Question Time who can articulate why Brexit is a bad idea. They had @DavidLammy on the programme and didn't have a single question about Brexit. #BBCQT #BBCBias 
Brexit, whatever that is,  has no answers to anything.That's why we are campaigning to #stopbrexit & #Remain in the EU. 
Update: it also is upside down apparently. If it turned out to be bin day we’d have a perfect metaphor for Brexit. 
By championing Brexit Corbyn is knowingly prioritising ideology OVER social justice. Because the ideology is what REALLY matters. He’s not interested in social justice UNLESS it vindicates the ideology. 
One year after #Article50, The #EU MAGGOT & #WarCriminal #TonyBlair says it's not too late to stop #Brexit; @JohnStapletonTV asks: is he right? NO he is completely DELUDED #JohnStapleton! But his appearances help the Brexit campaignThanks Tony! #Labour #BBC #SKY #LBC 
One year until we leave the EU & the Brexiteers three key arguments as to how Brexit will benefit the British economy remain:We won, get over itYou lost, stop whinging. Suck it up losers, we won 
Let the Labour Party work for your vote. So that they are accountable to you. Not you accountable for them -  and their dishonesty on Brexit and tolerance of anti-semitism.  
New evidence suggest that the Brexit vote was a result of a fraud but we will not mention that as we are trying to convince you that Jeremy Corbyn is a racist.  
6. To put this in context, reminder that per my thread yesterday, Glenn Simpson said in testimony to Congress that Malloch is a "significant figure" in the ties between UKIP (Farage)/Brexit/Cambridge Analytica and the Trump campaign. Yeah, that reeks of Farage/Assange. 
Forgot to post this as an #otd yesterday. ... Brexit explained in one tweet.  
EU parents warned children need papers to stay in UK after #Brexit.Researchers urge parents to document British-born children’s status to avoid hostile checks post-Brexit. 
Would you not feel embarrassed to appear before a Cttee so under prepared with information or details of options...what a #Brexit debacle this is turning into...Binding #FinalSayForAll on the Deal with a #Remain option.Be a Patriot #StopBrexitSaveBritain. 
Brexit reality: All 300,000 domains under the .eu top-level domain that have a UK registrant will be lost following Brexit. UK residents will no longer be eligible to register .eu domain names. 
This is remarkable. Especially given the stunts all looked so engaging, convincing and natural . They’re rattled. They know brexit is a con.  
Brits living in other EU countries left 'entirely in the dark' about what happens to them if #Brexit goes ahead: 
WRONG: UK might reconsider Brexit after receiving strong support from EU nations in wake of Salisbury spy poisoning, says top German politician."I still have hope that the British stay in the EU." Good luck with that one! 
The sky won't fall in after Brexit? Maybe not for you, Theresa.Millions of lives will be affected by Brexit. The PM dashing around the country repeating “strong and united” is just ludicrous.Give the public a #FinalSay to #StopBrexit. 
Tony Blair returns to the Brexit debate to call again for a second referendum  
6 months to avert Brexit. My take: @ChukaUmunna @CER_Grant @markhleonard @ecfr @ECFRBerlin @anneapplebaum @gideonrachman 
Things I don't *get* about #Leavers:Politicians said Iraq had WMD.The popular press said Iraq had WMDThey lied. It hadn't.Now, politicians say #Brexit will make Britain more prosperous The popular press says Brexit will make Britain more prosperous ...um..#remain #fbpe 
Barzani after the referendum like...  
Just drove past a 7 mile lorry jam on #A20 to Dover. Apparently due to 'enhanced' French security. Imagine when we have customs checks and blue fucking passports as well. #Brexit is insane. #FBPE pic.twitter.com/wQBYrEvQxr 
Wonderful, after Brexit we can fully rejoin our loyal friends in the Commonwealth of Nations.  
Spot on @thatGinaMillerI'm not be in same party as @DavidLammy but I admire his opposition to anti-Semitism & #BrexitIncreasingly liberal progressives from centre-left to centre-right are finding they've more in common with each other than they have with May or Corbyn.  
Farage reveals exactly how UK can BREAK AWAY from vassal state Brexit transition deal   
If #Brexit isn’t stopped by then, on 29 March 2019, across the nation, there will be the largest pro-EU demonstrations the UK has ever seen. We aren’t going away. We are actually growing stronger and more determined to restore our place at the heart of the EU.   
As from today, i am not going to call remainers remainers or remoaners. I am going to call them #Anti-democrats. This is what ther are. Attempting to destroy the will of the majority and our established democratic process#Brexit  
Bit OTT Nick? As far as I can see - and I LOVE @BBCBreaking @BBC - they've been awful at giving any coverage to huge anti-Brexit demonstrations; give too many platforms to people like Farage, Mogg, etc. and not enough to those opposed to Brexit? Pretty clear facts out there? 
Peace at last. Twenty years ago.Now at risk with Tories' hard Brexit. Sign here to defend it:  
Despite stiff competition, the Brexit is vote is the stupidest thing  Britain has done in my lifetime. But it won't be reversed unless my side argues with leave voters respectfully. You cannot do it when you snuggle down in the soft warm bed of conspiracy theory. 
UK citizens might lose .EU domains after Brexit  
‘Cambridge Analytica won the referendum/election’ is the ‘dog ate my homework’ theory of political campaigning 
To mark one year to go until #Brexit day we put our #Brexitcast podcast on the telly! One 18 year old Brexitcaster asked us if he'll ever get the chance to vote on Brexit.  WATCH on @BBCiPlayer:  /  Subscribe on iTunes  
I think we should debate this somewhere. Maybe The Times? It is my firm conviction that the BBC is a substantial part of the reason for Brexit & the debasing of our national political debate. I can no longer defend it.  
Farage has made the joint highest number of Question Time appearances this century. There needs to be a thorough-going inquiry into why the @BBC has served as a mouthpiece for the far-right.#StopBrexit #bbcqt #Brexit 
'You're part of the problem!' Channel 4 anchor RIPS INTO Tony Blair for supporting calls for a SECOND Brexit vote 
We welcome all, regardless of how you voted in the referendum, so long as you respect democracy and therefore support Brexit, and so long as you respect the role of artists in society, to join us in helping to give artists a voice in making making Brexit a success for  Britain! 
I am critical of the BBC’s role in the referendum campaign because of the problem of what ‘balance’ meant. But you can see why the BBC faced a big difficulty. It was the voters, alas, who were reckless. 
Funny how the Govt thinks the high volume of trade between Scotland & the rest of the UK makes the case against Scottish independence, but doesn't think the high volume of trade between the UK & the EU makes the case against Brexit.  
To those scaremongering over NI peace, attributing a false threat to that from #Brexit.Enabling dissidents with a message that violence might make them relevant is a shameful tactic.It shows you care not a jot for us in NI, putting us in harms way for your own agenda.STOP IT! 
Inside the CPU - sorry, I mean mind - of our Prime Minister ...#Brexit #StopBrexit #Remain #Brexitshambles #FBPE #ABTV #WATON #TheresaMay #FinalSay 
Just found out the UK has to wait an extra month for Incredibles 2, this is Brexit Britain 
Independence is coming. It is time to start the foundations now and local grassroots independence groups across the country must be prepared and ready for the next referendum. #ScotRef 
BLiar says "people didn't know what they were voting for in the referendum".I completely agree, back in 1975 we didn't have a clue and we've been conned and lied to ever since. 
If you owned a global company in the UK would you stay or move to Europe after #Brexit?RETWEET & VOTE  #yourvoicematters 
Only one #Welsh Journalist was allowed 2ask Theresa May questions & he had 2notify her in advance what the question was going 2B: even then she did not answer the question but just waffled generally. Invited only Tory audiences & staged events:  #Brexit 
Bargain Booze is in trouble. Now the strain of Brexit is breaking the pound shops: Poundland, Poundworld, and Poundstretcher. 
On Good Friday twenty years ago Tony Blair’s Labour government negotiated the Belfast Agreement.  I was proud to be part of it.  Parliament must now assert itself to prevent Brexit undermining or destroying the institutions and achievements of the Good Friday Agreement. 
@andrealeadsom says Big Ben should ring out on Brexit day next year. Bet Speaker Bercow, a Remoaner, tries to stop it 
These beautiful words of an EU citizen in the UK like me, one year before Brexit. Totally resonates sadly “I am grievingBecause my rights will be removed just like that, I didn't have a vote and...  
Trump and Brexit Are Symptoms of the Same Failure to Reckon With Racism  
Leaflets authorised & ready for print We can't make a difference if we don't try & we can't make change if we don't vote for it.Please vote for change on 3rd May & vote @UKIP#Brexit #FreeSpeech 
Excellent account of #Brexit promises that the #government has quietly dropped - no doubt hoping that #Leave voters won’t notice they’ve been lied to: 
What is striking in the Brexit case is that even the many remainers in the UK (especially those in government) have adopted a peculiar political stance mixing fatalism with short-sighted national pride. Why can’t a nation say it has been wrong?  
Whether you believe in it or not, Good Friday is a powerful story about self-sacrifice for the greater good. In the UK, the current politicians are doing the reverse: self-preservation whilst pushing something for the ‘greater bad’. Brexit. 
Dear #BBCFeedback,If you decide to discuss the youth element of the Brexit vote, you have an obligation to represent the actual youth vote.75% of 18-24 yr-olds voted Remain.Routinely bringing in 20-year-old leave voters as representatives of the youth is simply Fake News. 
Yup, for the politicians - and Theresa May is far from alone in this - the sky won’t fall in after Brexit. They’re OK whatever. And as for the rest of us, they couldn’t give a toss. (I’m looking at you too, Labour).   
On Good Friday we must not forget the horrors that led to the Northern Ireland/Ireland Agreement 20 years ago. Beggars belief that #Brexit supporters want to endanger that  
This will be an important inquiry for the committee. How will Scotland feature in Brexit trade arrangements?  
Laura Kuenssberg - Do you think #brexit will be worth it?No straight answer as usual.   #StopBrexit #FBPE 
No, BBC is systematically pro-Brexit David. How else to explain 32 appearances by Farage on Question Time, incl last month? You are fighting last battle, when Mrs T was hostile to ‘liberal’ BBC. Reality now is that scared, weakly led BBC has been cowed by the Brexit Establishment  
The EU means that many of the responsibilities of Government are shared across 28 countries. (40 agencies around Europe).Brexit puts all of that back on the UK tax payer. In addition to increased cost of trading outside the single market. So, after Brexit...NO MAGIC MONEY TREE 
“We still sell bottles of bleach with big labels on that say “do not drink”. Let’s take those labels off, right? For two years. And then have a referendum.” Ricky Gervais: humanity  
UK companies and residents will be stripped of .EU domains after Brexit  
 via @financialtimes"Very few British politicians, civil servants, business leaders or even many Brexit-cheerleading journalists believe the official state ideology of Brexit. They just mouth the slogans."Great piece by S Kuper#brexitshambles 
Brexit means eggs sit: Ferrero warns of stale Easter chocolate  
Effectively, this amounts to people being punished in adulthood for being born to the 'wrong' parents. Monstrous. | EU parents warned children need papers to stay in UK after Brexit 
I love my late birthday present!! #EUSuperNurse outfit is complete! The fight against the villains Austerity & Brexit will continue soon. The mission: Save Our NHS   
Please ask youself...which is the ONLY party that is 100% dedicated to Brexit ?...consider supporting UKIP & @GerardBattenMEP our new leader...UKIP is back and gaining support..... 
A must read thread about Brexit, have a read @AlexChalkChelt @Keir_Starmer @mrjamesob, this confirms everything Mr OBrien has been banging on about for the last 2 years. 
Just met this delightful Scottish lady on the way back to Sheffield. She's from Dundee, like me. Not only is she hugely anti-Brexit, but her family are among the over a million emigrant Brits that No-Dealers want to leave with no right to live where they live now.  
In June 2016 something miraculous came together and the UK voted to take back control of its democratic heritage and be free again. Let’s make sure Remoaners like Campbell don’t ruin Brexit and the freedom & prosperity it will help deliver.  
Ireland is becoming the Achilles Foot of Brexit  
Interesting thread on Brexit by an influential German intellectual @henrikenderlein 
A Spanish Gov that banned its country’s media from running advertisements about the referendum in Catalonia (as well as blocking websites giving information on how to vote), can hardly blame the international media from reporting the facts of how it was successfully held, surely?  
We are fighting Brexit. For some, the evil of it has become an obsession. With Tory & Labour now Brexit, & Lib Dems just 12 MPs, twitter Remainers are the opposition, but we are muted & drowned out by propaganda. Also we have the message, but sadly not the stategy. 
'Brexit can and must be reversed'   
Brits won't be able to access Netflix UK in EU post Brexit  
You ain’t seen nothing yet.#1YearToGo #Brexit#TakeBackControl 
“Brexit was not an issue in election last year”? Remind us why Mrs May said she called the election. 
Brexit Groundhog Day:Wake up.Read up on stuff that 24 months ago I had little interest in.Get angry.Argue with Brexiters about stuff they haven’t read up on.Argue with Tory supporters, because.Argue with Corbyn supporters for being in denial.Read more stuff.Go to bed.  
Remoaner protestors were paid actors and created a fake narrative. The truth now out.Freelance demonstrators protesting against Brexit were paid thousands of pounds by an organisation linked to Max Mosley 
A video of Spain's Prime Minister, @marianorajoy, confirming to the Spanish Parliament that "not a single Euro from the Spanish Liquidity Fund" was spent by the Catalan Government on the independence referendum. What are the European Arrest Warrants about?  
Spain & its puppet judge are trying Puigdemont extradition because "corruption due to use public funds for the referendum". FALSE. Just an excuse to crush a national minority & jail our president 30 years.Proof? Rajoy denies rfr was financed by Spain's Regional Liquidity Fund:  
36 million people in the UK are under 45 years of age. That is 36 million people who were born EU citizens and have been so for the entirety of their lives?. What gives anybody the right to wrench away that citizenship after an advisory referendum based on lies and deception 
Becoming clear the net impact of Theresa May’s Brexit tour yesterday was to piss off journalists in all four constituent parts of the UK. What a triumph for the army of spin doctors we all pay for.  
The Thames Estuary airport, the Garden Bridge, Brexit etc etc... has anyone ever cost us more than @BorisJohnson? 
We are "leaving" the EU therefore what right have they to tell us how many immigrants we are to take. Worse still, what right has Davis to agree to take them. We voted for brexit to end immigration as such. How desperately we need patriots to negotiate for us. 
So modern Britain? BADUM TSS..You play as a bouncer who’s been exiled due to his heritage after Brexit talks fell apart in a sort of Papers Please clone.  
I am sure that the BBC didn't place this wall full of multiple versions of Edvard Munch's famous painting Scream behind Laura Kuenssberg's head on purpose... Brexit Scream  anyone??  
A political party run by a married couple is pretty embarrassing. Unlike Brexit (which most Tories opposed but the UK voted for) the SNP as a party agrees and acquiesces to being governed by one household. Hard to think of anywhere ( outwith dictatorships) where this is a thing.  
As true as it is terrifying - almost all the people who are implementing Brexit in business or government or promoting it in the press don’t believe in it  the analogy with the fall of communism is very apt. 
Today is  #GoodFriday, perhaps we could all spend a little time thinking about the Good Friday Agreement and the dangers it faces due to a #Brexit driven by extremists whose regard for the people of Northern Ireland is negligible. 
On Good Friday 1998 the Belfast Agreement was signed paving the way for peace in Ireland.  Now 20 years later, this peace is under threat from #Brexit. The Irish Border issue must be resolved with concrete details on how “frictionless” movement can be maintained. 
Many of us older people are also fighting brexit tooth & nail. We are angry at what our generation have done to the young. It’s blighted the later part of our own lives too. At 66 it’s my future my choice too. #StopBrexit #WATON #FBPE #ABTV #OFOC 
How stupid is @theresa_may to go anywhere near 'Brexit will mean more money for the NHS' Or is it just more proof that we have a media that allows the PM to talk drivel? 
Ireland has always been the Achilles heel of Brexit because of three words: Good Friday Agreement.  
The sky won't fall in after Brexit? Maybe not for you, Theresa  
Absolute must read by the Financial Times about how Brexit is ultimately debasing the British establishment and creating an existential threat to the British State. Luckily in Wales we can escape the madness if we show some belief in ourselves  
A) What are you doing up at this hour? It’s a Bank Holiday. B) NEW PODCAST! @IanDunt @rosamundmtaylor and @Dorianlynskey set the 12 month Brexit Doomsday Clock...  
Not many people know I was the first person to vote Leave at Enderby Civic Centre. Was there at 0700hrs on referendum day. Very proud moment 
Cross-party group formed to appeal for ‘Yes’ vote in referendum #together4yes 
The same could be said of David Cameron's £6 million pro Remain letter in the referendum, don't remember you being bothered?  
The plot to stop Brexit is gaining strength, and the EU is helping  
Reality check: "If Brexit ever happens, and British officials start chasing trade deals, the dissembling will get worse. We’ll then mostly be courting autocrats: Gulf states, China, Russia." #StopBrexit 
.@theresa_may feeling pretty chipper to have survived thus far. If we had an Opposition really opposing on Brexit, and a media that was not supine and lying on the issue, she’d be down and out by now 
Can Puigdemont be accused of misuse of funds?Check this video were the Spanish Government itself admits that NOT a single public penny was used for the Catalan referendum.Then is misuse of funds just another excuse to put a political rival in prison? 
We’ve graduated from ‘Brexit means Brexit’ to ‘different means different.’ A good piece.  
Have you noticed how the most loud mouthed bitter Remoaner losers who protest hysterically against Brexit are also the wealthiest. The likes of Blair, Heseltine, Branson, Adonis etc etc etc are worth hundreds of millions.They are despicable greedy self serving traitors. 
Laughable that @BBCr4today calling Melrose ‘turnaround specialists.’ They are asset strippers. Like calling Rees-Mogg & Farage ‘creators of a Better Britain.’ Oh but of course, BBC, voice of the Brexit establishment, think that too! 
Those using Good Friday to scaremonger about Brexit with claims that it threatens the peace in Northern Ireland should re-read what David Trimble, one of the architects of that peace accord signed twenty Good Fridays ago, told @BrexitCentral last month: 
Thought provoking: Brexit and Britain’s two-faced ruling class  via @financialtimes 
If May said: "Brexit will cost jobs &make us poorer but it's what we voted for so I'll try to limit the damage"...I could respect her.But to parrot lie of more money for NHS, that even Farage disowns, is unforgiveable. Give people the facts. #FinalSay 
Lies. Nothing but lies. After Brexit, the Brexit you voted for, we won’t be able to afford extra policemen. In fact, we won’t be able to afford many of the things you promise. And you know this. But still you lie to us. Why is this Jeremy? 
Happy Easter everyone, love from Sara on behalf of the #Brexit Facts4EU team. The team will be producing , informative, facts-based articles on all 4 days of the long weekend, as we do 365 days a year.  Do support us if you can!  
Twenty years ago, the Good Friday Agreement was born. If Brexit destroys two decades of peace in Northern Ireland, Brexiters should hang their heads in shame every time they look at their new blue passport. 
And there you have it, Red Tories voting with Blue Tories, Proving that a leopard cannot change it's spots. And you ask why Scotland wants out of this dysfunctional union?Labour admits it will 'probably' vote for Theresa May's final Brexit deal  
Boris Johnson has told the nation to "stand by for Brexit dividend!!" - Theresa May has refused to back the claim. There will be no 'net gain' from Brexit. The UK will be considerably poorer - both May & Johnson know this... #BrexitShambles #StopBrexit #r4today 
Here is the @Channel4News piece on 3 #Sheffield artists views on #Brexit Obviously #EUsupergirl was #StopBrexitI will continue to do everything I can to fight to save the country I love. 
“Yes” seems to be the hardest word.... : Will Brexit Be Worth It? "It'll Be Different" Says May  via @GuidoFawkes 
."Ireland has ALWAYS been the Achilles heel of Brexit because of THREE words: GOOD FRIDAY AGREEMENT." . 
Why Labour will ultimately vote down Mrs May’s Withdrawal Treaty & we will stay in the EU - probably after a referendum on her ‘treaty of surrender’  
Shocking. Why did they pick a country shackled to the chains of the Eu when they could have had the freshly liberated Brexit Britain?Time to wake up and smell the coffee  Uk.We have lessened our position in the world.#stopbrexit#FBPE 
Do I think Scottish independence is a bit like Brexit? No. Scottish independence is driven by a deep sense of love for Scotland. Brexit is driven by hatred, ignorance, and lies. 
Thatcherism alive & well - Brexit Britain an asset strippers’ paradise.  
May could hardly have sounded less enthusiastic about Brexit if she had tried  
Subtle change from Vote Leave camp now. No longer denying they used lies in the referendum. But claiming those lies would not have persuaded anyone or influenced the vote. #RunningScared#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Another week of more downs than ups in the fight to stop Brexit comes to an end. Although it managed to heavily depress me on a few occasions, the fact that there are many of us united against lies and corruption and I‘m lucky to have met some in person makes me hopeful and happy  
Someone should do a FOI request on how much this government has spent so far on Brexit. There’s money in the pot, just not for spending on those that need help. 
."Don’t forget that people in Northern Ireland did NOT vote for Brexit. Some did, but the majority didn’t.”. 
Beautiful Sussex town of Lewes, the Downs rising from the High St. Huge anti-Brexit rally last night. Brexit Tory MP for Lewes, Maria Caulfield, won’t speak to pro-EU groups in her constituency, altho Lewes strongly Remain. So much for Brexit & ‘parliamentary sovereignty’!  
Chair of the Referendum Commission Justice Isobel Kennedy urges people to register to vote.  
Twenty Good Fridays ago, something miraculous came together and the Good Friday Agreement was born. Let’s make sure Brexit doesn’t ruin it, and the peace and prosperity it helped deliver 
Votes in Parliament aren’t undemocratic. Another referendum isn’t undemocratic. What *is* undemocratic is holding the country hostage on the basis of a marginal vote in an advisory referendum.  
Less than a year until these loathsome antidemocratic unaccountable Brussels Bastards are no longer  in charge of my life.Especially the gobby drunk.Viva Brexit! pic.twitter.com/lLcsEbxmss 
Theresa May seems to think there will be more money to spend on the NHS post Brexit. Magic money trees again?  
According to the MSM Scotland doesn’t want another independence referendum, according to the media all polls say they will lose any ref vote.   If all that’s the case, why wouldn’t they allow us to hold one why is the establishment frightened.   #snpspringconference #yes2 
So some unscrupulous people were prepared to break the law to skew a referendum in order to ‘take control’. What do you think they’ll be prepared to do once they actually have control? 
#Brexit is a stepping stone for the advancement of fascism. It's not about the good of the country, the economy, our people or our future. It's simply about white supremacists taking over. Useful, although hideous, that their campaign should provide the evidence for us.  #FBPE 
Ben Jennings on the countdown to Brexit.#WeneedtheGFA #StopBrexit 
Emily Thornberry, the Labour shadow foreign secretary, suggests the Brexit divorce bill could be so vague that her party would support it. Unbelievable, we need an effective opposition not servile acquiescence.  
The Cambridge Analytica scandal is raising uncomfortable questions about the Brexit vote  
Every day until the two year anniversary of the Brexit vote on 23/6 we will be posting a picture from the #MarchForEurope There are too many people from all across Scotland who came demanding #DemocracyOnBrexit, and they cannot be forgotten or ignored. #AlwaysEuropean  
The increasing swing in favour of Remain, together with the almost certain criminality of the referendum outcome, begs proper analysis and a rethink - rather than continuing headlong into the abyss. #Brexit #CambridgeAnalytics #SCL #RussianMoney 
It has been a very busy day, who knew running a non-profit would be so busy, so I missed this. European Commission announces it can/will cancel many, many domain names because of brexit.TLDs were a bad idea. 
Not Tonight is a "politically-charged satirical game" about Britain and Brexit:  
With less than a year to go now until #Brexit, it seems appropriate to post a reminder of the time David Davis appeared before the Brexit select committee a year ago...Reposted from:  
#NIGELFARAGE: I will wake up on March 30th next year hopefully not feeling my  best after a good party the night before. But I fear that because of the way #May has handled this we’ve probably set back the real opportunities of #Brexit by about 5 years!  
Would Brexit make things cheaper for UK consumers?(Femi could barely contain himself)  
WATCH  #ProjectFear 2 Coming to a town near you! #1yrArticle50 #BREXIT!  #BBC #LBC @LBC #SKY #UK #EU @Conservatives @ConHome #Labour #Tory #UKIP #REMAIN #LabourParty @UKLabour #LibDems #BestForBritain #ConservativeParty @daily_politics @theresa_may 
Would Brexit make us more Sovereign?  
I met Grant from Bedford @LeedsEurope #GreatNorthernMarch He had the most important message about why @UKLabour should fight #Brexit - #WorkingClassAgainstBrexit I am anti-austerity politician & I know Brexit will hurt the poorest with even more austerity #1yrArticle50 
#ScotRef Nicola Sturgeon, popular and democratically elected leader of Scotland, said last year would wait "until terms of BREXIT are clear".March 2018 - still nothing clear, except UK leaves EU March 2019.SCOTLAND needs to focus. 
May: "#Brexit provides us with opportunities."It does indeed. Opportunities like #indyref2.Opportunities like an independent Scotland flourishing inside the European Union. 
According to my annual tax summary for 2016-17, my contribution to the EU budget was approximately 0.7% of my total tax paid. I want to know how much of my tax goes to pay for Brexit. I would prefer to give it to the NHS instead. 
Brexit; the first occasion in history when a country can mark the date of a future recession on a calendar, and can’t wait for it to happen. 
We have six months to foil Brexit. And here’s how we can do it.There’s a crucial vote this autumn. With our politics so unpredictable there’s a real chance to influence undecided MPs, says @fromTGA.#StopBrexit #FinalSay #FBPE 
We have a year to #StopBrexit.The government has puts lies and spin before what’s #BestForBritain.We all deserve a #FinalSay on the Brexit deal - with an option to #Remain in the EU.@BestForBritain 
The only language the dishonourable fools of Brexit understand are lies and falsehood. The allies of #CambridgeAnalytica and Putin. 
Ukip = hard brexitTories = Ukip brexitLabour = Tory brexitGreens & Libdems = Anti BrexitWho will you be voting for May 3rd?#WATON 
Video: The new documentary “44 Messages From Catalonia” provides a window into the drama of the independence referendum on a more personal, emotional level.  (via @fieldofvision) 
Second Brexit referendum would be 'perfectly rational' says Tony Blair  
David Cameron has come out of hiding to attack Green campaigners. After inflicting Brexit on the nation, the disgraced former PM now blames protestors for delaying Fracking in the UK. Cameron screwed over the country, now he wants to all out poison it...#StopFracking #StopCameron 
Brexit explained  
Sorry to put a downer on the evening but watching #Newsnight tonight makes me want to speed up my German passport application I’ll still love shepherds pie, cricket & English pubs but Jesus #brexit Britain is getting harder to love or even tolerate.Awful just awful. 
Things that can't come soon enough:- end of exams- uni- brexit 
The video where Rajoy admits Puigdemont did not misuse public funds on referendum  
It's amazing how little Brexiters care or know of our constitution. Parliament can not be bound by a referendum and Parliament can not pass laws a future government can't change. The Brexit ref carried the explicit caveat of being advisory only.  
You picked the wrong tweet to make that point: I will not vote Labour and I am encouraging everyone who wants a better future to consider doing the same. because a party that supports Brexit is not working for a better future. 
#newsnight #finalsay if the referendum about UK being in the EU was today, how would you vote? 
Fuck #Brexit and Fuck You Theresa May The future of Britain will never be bright under your leadership. Fuck off  
Andrew your conclusion is with respect ridiculous and unfounded. Most people I know no longer watch @BBC because it is seen to be pro Brexit, leftist liberal agenda  the opposite of what you say. They now watch Netflix, @RTUKnews @AlJazeera & to avoid establishment views 
Brexit doesn't allow more spending on anything.  It only impoverishes the the country. #Newsnight 
This is my piece reflecting on a year of conversations with the left on #Brexit Using Brexit as a way to get progressive policies is a tall order, but the alternative is more inequality #Brexit365 
Before Brexit I was never political, I thought politics never applied to me, I run a business so voting Tory was a given.After the referendum it applies more than ever, never Tory again. 
I’ve tried really hard, for nearly 2years not to denigrate those who voted for #Brexit; not to label them dumb, full of hate and prejudice. Not to call them inarticulate Little Englanders. But Catherine, you’ve broken me. You and yours are all of the above. #newsnight #Brexit365 
Get Sadiq Kahn's message to every #EUcitizen you know.You can to vote in #LE2018 on May3rd, as long as you register before Apr17th:  If everyone casts a vote for an anti-#Brexit party it'll send a message to the PM. Vote for #LibDems #Greens #bbcqt 
#newsnight who invited this ignorant fool of a person?!? Pathetic brexit personified!  
You mean the guy who voted against his own party 33 times as a backbencher and now fires shadow ministers for dissent, who is hell bent on helping the Tories destroy the working class with Brexit and has to have “condemnations” of antisemitism wrung out of him?Yeah, rings a bell  
Wow, racist woman on @BBCNewsnight ‘There’s too many of them here, they cost too much, they don’t want to work, send them back.’ This is now an accepted part of the Brexit narrative. Debate stuff yes but racist bullshit shouldn’t be on the Beeb. 
The EU referendum has been the most catastrophically divisive event in British politics since the Repeal of the Corn Laws. Prior to the referendum leaving the EU was a minority project of a few Europhobe politicians. The latter have risked blood on their hands. #newsnight 
."All roads lead to Ireland: The real front line in the Brexit war. 
It's 1 year until #Brexit. Being part of Vote Leave was one of my greatest experiences. I love our country. Let's become a global, free-trading nation. Brexit is a great opportunity create a better future for our young people. Let's get on with it  #1yrArticle50 #RoadtoBrexit 
If a small overspend won the EU referendum for Leave, how come the massive £9 million spent on Cameron's pro EU propaganda leaflet didn't win it for Remain? 
This is from  @theSNP Minister in @scotgov  As a member of the SNP you would expect me to agree. However my fear is not partisan do your own research on #Brexit Scotland faces Armageddon if it stays with England! 
.@ukhomeoffice can't even get facts right on their own web page used to 'inform' EU citizens in the UK about their #citizensrights post Brexit.Link to official web page: New status becomes mandatory on 1st July 2021 NOT 1st July 2020 as HO wrongly says 
Got a whole load of unionists on here saying I must dismiss what Scotland voted for in the EU referendum because  'the UK decided'. Sorry unionist friends it will always be Scotland's interests first. 
Theresa May - who doesn’t believe in Brexit - ran round the UK today, shirking the press in England, hiding from the public in Scotland, and avoiding the Border in Ireland. Pathetic and cowardly; the political embodiment of #BrexitChaos 
From @elnacionalcatEN ‘The video where Rajoy admits Puigdemont did not misuse public funds on referendum’ ... but let’s claim he did, anyway.   
Post-Brexit, it is essential that we protect our trading deals with Maoam. Fizzy Pinballs!  
Anyone Not 100% sure of their stance on the abortion referendum should just vote to repeal to allow the option to be there,Don’t want one then don’t have one but don’t complicate it for someone else in the Future 
Watch Chris Grayling waffle and conflate.  Always a sure way to stump a Tory, ask a question about ethics  (via @brexit_sham) #BestForBritain #Newsnight #FairVote 
Earlier M.Rajoy vehemently denies in parliament that any public money was used for the referendum in #Catalonia. Now "judge" Llarena accuses politicians of using some 2 million, and for that reason he ticked the box "corruption" on the EU extradition form. 
Referendum was won by cheating + illegal overpsending. Kenya did not stand by its rigged vote. Why has the UK? Why does May cover it up? Referendum needs to be rethought. #FairVote #Newsnight #BestForBritain 
GIBRALTAR: Gibraltar is ready to “move forward” with Brexit and The Rock’s relationship with Britain remains “stronger than ever”, proud Gibraltarian Eileen Mesilio said.  
.@DavidDavisMP I read your article on one year to go to Brexit . I think you uploaded the draft by accident. Fixed it for you. 
#BestForBritain #Newsnight The Cambridge Analytica scandal is huge.  Senior Tories involved & it potentially goes very deep and wideA competent Opposition could bring down the governmentOf course it would probably also end #Brexit so I suppose the price is too high for Corbyn 
I get a lot of tweets asking me why I’m constantly on at Corbyn..Well the Labour Party is drowning in antisemitism and he’s busy waving Brexit through but you want me to forget all that.You are the people with the problem my friends,No to BrexitNo to racism. 
Fuck Theresa MayFuck Boris JohnsonFuck Jacob Rees MoggFuck Michael GoveFuck David DavisFuck Nigel FarageFuck Jeremy CorbynFuck John McDonnellFuck Keir StarmerFuck BBC NewsFuck the Daily MailFuck the TelegraphFuck the Daily ExpressFuck those I've forgottenFuck Brexit 
When we wake up one year from tomorrow, if a #Brexit deal has actually happened, literally the only thing that will have changed is that we will have less sovereignty and less control... 
Britain would be “humiliated” and “irrelevant” on the world stage if it were to remain in a customs union with the EU after Brexit, the Australian high commissioner said last night  
[In summary, it is a disgrace that the Prime Minister of the UK, knowing that Brexit worries and terrifies the people of the border, does not visit them to reassure them and show solidarity. It is cowardly. But then Brexit is a form of moral & political cowardice.] 
EU FUND ANGER: Fury over plot to give Brussels £1.3BN a year for SOFT BREXIT  
"The truth is there are people from the elite on both sides" of the Brexit debate.Former Prime Minister Tony Blair is asked whether the perception he's a "metropolitan elite" is undermining his argument for a second Brexit referendum.  
How partition has been an economic disaster for Ireland and how Brexit induced repartition will compound the situation. British rule in Ireland has always been bad. Time to end it.   via @sluggerotoole 
Today marks one year until the UK leaves the EU — the PM has visited all four nations of the Union to hear from people what Brexit means to them #RoadtoBrexit 
The video where Rajoy admits Puigdemont did not misuse public funds on referendum  
Brexit means this   
Good to be on-air with BBC Asian Network marking #OneYeartoBrexitWhile we Conservatives are getting on with BrexitLabour continue attempts to frustrate BrexitI challenge Labour MEP Neena Gill who disgracefully calls Conservatives delivering Brexit an "extremist ideology"  
No, the "Brexit Dividend" is a load of cobblers @bbclaurak. The con trick of a "Political Dividend" won't feed people, it won't employ people, it won't house people, it won't treat the sick.In the past, the BBC wouldn't buckle to power, it challenged. 
How did we end up being held hostage by 30 Tory Eurosceptic MP's? How did we end up seeing Parliaments Authority usurped by a poxy referendum ? It really is, "Time to take our Democracy back" because we have lost it thru the use dirty tricks, dirty money and dirty Politicians. 
Kiss goodbye to your .eu domains, Europe tells Brexit Brits. Wow.But hey – blue passports, right?    
The Vietnamese have suggested a post-Brexit UK trade deal and in the meantime have proposed that Vietnam and the UK beef up cooperation, with a goal of doubling current two-way trade of $5.6bn by 2020. 
The number of finance jobs due to be moved because of Brexit by March 2019 has shrunk substantially in the past six months, with fewer moves out of Britain now expected  
I'm sure @campbellclaret will recall the days when political 'spin' provoked consternation. Now the Tories and their press allies lie blatantly on an industrial scale and hardly an eyebrow is raised.It is shocking how far our democracy has crumbled.#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit 
Transport Secretary and Vote Leave campaigner Chris Grayling MP is asked about allegations of cheating in the Brexit referendum.  
We have six months to foil Brexit. And here’s how we can do it | Timothy Garton Ash  
There is NO Brexit dividend, @bbclaurak. Try to report factually, rather than being a government lackey.The fact is, it was confirmed only today that Britain has gone from being the fastest growing G7 economy to the slowest growing major economy ON EARTH.Report THAT. 
VIDEO: @theresa_may visited the North East today. And refused to speak to any North East media.But we still had fun. #Brexit.Full report:  
Yesterday, together with @InLimboBrexit, we spoke to Dutch foreign minister Stef Blok to raise our concerns over #citizensrights post Brexit  
UKIP Leader @GerardBattenMEP on Brexit - “What you need in politics is leadership, and that’s precisely what we haven’t had for almost two years from our Prime Minister and our Government. They haven’t led us in this process at all.” #ForTheNation 
Dr Alan Sked, UKIP’s first Leader, on RT saying very similar things about Brexit to what I said on RT an hour earlier. Good to know we still broadly agree on EU Exit 26 years on.  
Theresa May's tour of UK to convince public to unite for a Tory #Brexit , speaking in a cowshed, deep in bull...t#words meant to impress now falling on deaf ears because no one can believe a Word she says any longer. Says one thing & does another.Cows don't look convinced 2me. 
The Brexiters are now heavily  relying on the "let's just get on with it" argument and that's not really good enough for a life-changing, nation-changing event such as Brexit. We must #StopBrexit & we will #StopBrexit. 
#Brexit will give us back £100m a week in membership fees but will cost economy £2bn a week. There is also the £40bn divorce bill and cost of setting up agencies. Don't think maths is your strong point...Theresa May: Brexit allows more spending:  
The usually communicative @CamAnalytica are studiously ignoring my questions. WE would like to kmow if the Russian fake news army pushing for Brexit & to get Trump into power used the SAME data to microtarget that Cambridge Analytica and their allied firms used.Please RT 
The BBC thinks 'no one knows' if Brexit will pay a dividend or no... Which just shows how useless and incompetent (cowardly) its staff are. Even if UK trade miraculously held up, Brexit creates vast new admin/ regulatory costs that dwarf the fees to EU.ps  
When is somebody going to tell the British people that Brexit means there is less, not more, money to spend. Or is this some kind of secret that will only become public once we have left. And when was it decided, exactly, that it is fine for the PM to keep telling lies?  
OMG just switched from state controlled BBC (brexit bias corp) to Channel 4 news!What a revelation, fair, balanced and with top notch investigative news!An added bonus was the appearance of the EU Supergirl#finalsayforall#StopBrexitSaveBritain#boycottbbcnews#WATON 
Don't forget, the Spanish judge is charging Puigdemont (and others) with "misuse of public funds" but the Spanish Economy Minister publicly declared that not a single taxpayer euro was spent by the Catalan government for the October 1 referendum.  
Is worth asking what preparations has the EU made for no deal because if the EU is faced with no deal it is insolvent?#Brexit #Moggmentum 
More of the same is not good enough. That's why people voted Brexit. But Brexit would tie the government up in trade negotiations and bureaucracy for the next 20+ years.You can have Brexit, or you can fix the real problems in Britain. It's your choice. 
The US and China make up more than a third of global GDP – this is where the focus of a future British trade policy should be, not on trying to placate dysfunctional EU bureaucrats. #Brexit 
The dividend.... is govt any closer to being able to keep the promises of Brexit ?  
There is no Brexit dividend. We already have a reduced economy. There will be an increased tax bill after Brexit. This government is a disaster. We had a strong economy before 2016, not now. I want a #FairVote for Parliament or for the public. Stop this disaster & #StopBrexit 
It was this lurch to the right in mainstream political discourse post Brexit that prompted me to finally join @LibDems.  We need more politicians to be like @Kishan_Devani and put “conscience before career” in politics particularly re Brexit.  
No, @theresa_may, Brexit does not “allow more spending on NHS and schools”.That it just nonsense, and you know it. There is no Brexit dividend. Brexit will cost us money.Let’s #StopBrexit and fund our NHS and schools instead.#FinalSayForAll #FinalSay  
I don't like swearing on twitter.Fucking arseshit pisshole PM has gone round UK today wishing people, "Happy Brexit Day."Drecksau putain merde for helvede que te folle un pez etc etc 
Nine senior Tories want amendments to EU withdrawal bill The House of Lords is taking their role in Brexit very seriously. 
The mother of murdered teenager Stephen Lawrence has told LBC that Brexit has given people licence to be openly racist  
Latest @guardian cartoon...#Brexit #GoodFriday #Easter 
The Tories have decided that if they keep smearing Corbyn they won't have to even try to defending their despicable polices & actionsTory Minister takes Russian bribe?Smear CorbynBrexit negotiations a shambles?Smear CorbynHomelessness people​ freezing to death?Smear Corbyn 
Grrrrr. BREXIT you ratbag. That's British job's. Your next job, your kids next job off. For what? Nothing.  
Theresa May trying to out do Boris Johnson for Brexit dishonesty on Education & NHS spend: the truth is schools & hospitals face more years of cuts as lower economic growth due to Brexit reduces tax take for the Treasury #ExitfromBrexit #ToryBrexitCuts @LibDems 
These are barefaced lies. She knows they're lies because her Govts figures prove it. She knows they're lies but tells them any way. She wont suffer by them.Brexit means less money for schools, less money for our NHS, less for all of us. That's the truth. 
'We are going to stop Brexit before it happens' Remainer sends STERN warning to Brexiteers  
Theresa May: Brexit allows more spending on NHS and schools: This is a lie! Every serious study shows Brexit costs us billions.   
The Swiss have confirmed that talks on the UK–Switzerland post-Brexit relationship are already underway. 
Those still calling for a second EU referendum not only sound repetitive, they’re starting to look silly - @Nigel_Farage 
“Do you ever get up in the morning and say to yourself ‘oh no, not another bloomin’ Brexit day’” I ask @theresa_may. The PM’s face is worth watching 
I agree with @SadiqKhan, we need to send a message to Theresa May that we don’t want hard Brexit, but we also need to send the same message to @JeremyCorbyn, who is offering pretty much the same.So, vote Green or Lib Dems - even if it hurts to do so. #FinalSayForAll 
“EU citizens didn’t get a chance to vote in the referendum, or the GE - this is chance to get a say... really important we send a message loud and clear to the Government - the course you are taking is bad for jobs, bad for London, bad for growth & bad for the country” Mayor says 
Watching #tonight on ITV, many reasons that people gave for voting for Brexit are domestic policy issues and have nothing to do with the EU. I would bang my head against a wall but we'll have a skills shortage to fix the hole 
Just put out this story from @mayoroflondon interviewMayor Khan imploring EU citizens to use their votes to send a message to Theresa May at the local elections:“this is your last chance to send a message to the Government  - we do not want an extreme hard Brexit” 
Theresa May knowingly lied today when she told @BBCLauraK the money we would have sent to the EU can be spent on other things. She knows diminished tax revenues due to Brexit will be far greater than what we pay,  
If you voted for Brexit in the EU Referendum, please read this | @BeardedGenius 
Far-Right: Every *Insert Minority" is responsible for the crimes of every *Insert Minority".Also Far-Right: Trump/Brexit voters aren't responsible for the racism/crimes of every Trump/Brexit voter.NB: The 2nd statement is true. Just highlighting the hypocrisy of the former. 
Anyone watching 'can Brexit fix Britain'?It's as I thought. Most leavers reasons are ill informed, stupidly arrogant about Britain And blaming the EU for our government's policies (mostly Tory) 
Brexit Explained  
Every day for two years. Brexiters shouted that Brexit is democracy and I should accept it and move on.Speak up Brexiters, where are you now? I can't hear you.#StopBrexit#FairVote#FinalSayForAll 
We have six months to foil Brexit. And here’s how we can do it - my take...  
Did you punch the air the morning after the referendum? Did you weep? Either way, if you love your country, you must have a million reasons why. Everything we have is built on a free and fair democratic process. Without it, we are truly citizens of nowhere #FairVote 
We have six months to foil Brexit. And here’s how we can do it | Timothy Garton Ash  
This man is an absolute gift for us in the Brexit camp. Please God they keep wheeling him out.  
There is literally no way #TheresaMay could possibly know that "people are coming together over #Brexit". She never, ever meets ordinary members of the public.  I however am one, and say categorically that it is untrue. #FBPE #ABTV 
It is not about Brexit, not about Leave or Remain. It is about your voice, your cross on a ballot paper meaning something for years to come. Democracy dies in the darkness if we do not drag those who would undermine it into the light. #FairVote 
Impressed by serious, intelligent and, yes, impartial coverage of 'one year to Brexit' on tonight's @Channel4News @jonsnowC4 @mattfrei. Exemplar of how to do it. 
Brave whistleblowers in Parlaiment Square demanding a #FairVote on the Brexit deal@fairvoteuk @BestForBritain 
BBC webpage reports SLC/Cambridge Analytica doings in ‘influencing elections’ - NO mention of referendum or Brexit. 
Cow 2: No point talking to Theresa May about the price of milk and import tariffs post #Brexit, Clara. With her, it's in one ear and out the udder! #RoadtoBrexit 
Do you think Jeremy Corbyn could be as good a Prime Minister as Tony Blair ?#Brexit #LeaveEU 
Theresa May just CANNOT be trusted. She wants the softest of Brexit because she simple does not believe in Brexit.  
#EUSuperHeroDayThese French kids loved the #EUsuperheroes tshirtsI got them to shout "Arretez le #Brexit"   
Many of us still think #Brexit is a flawed policy which will reduce not increase UK living standards, and increase the tensions within the UK. Indeed that is the evidence so far. So I don't buy into this gung-ho narrative from our PM, @theresa_may. 
Humdinger from @George_Osborne: ‘Brexit means in reality..a loss of influence in the world & a loss of control at home.. the day when we Britons lose further control over the forces that shape our lives approaches. Happy anniversary.’ 
Not Tonight is a "politically-charged satirical game" set in an alternate post-Brexit Britain:  
.@CalumMillbank: "if you let brexit happen, you are taking the last chance to make this country better for people... and giving it the f*** away to these elitist politicians who give no f***s about normal people." 
Cashel doing more U-turns than a Brexit negotiator 
Does nobody think it’s weird as hell, with all the technical guys and girls who’ve been all over Brexit and Trump for over a year, that no one found the AIQ gitcode until now?(And CA code was actively being hunted last year, with only one decent find). 
A Brexit campaign's 'disgusting' tweet about Muslims has been reported to police 
There will be a referendum to remove the 8th Amendment from the Constitution on May 25. The 8th causes considerable harm to women and girls. Here are the facts you need to vote YES #together4yes #8thref 
Support for Danish membership of the EU has increased dramatically since British voters voted for #Brexit according to poll.If Danes should vote on EU membership the IN vote would  win by 27 percent points   
The sky won't fall in after Brexit? Maybe not for you, Theresa  
Do you think there will be a second Brexit referendum? @Nigel_Farage is live #FarageOnLBC 
Only one thing crazier than voting Leave when no one knows what Leave means...that's insisting we can't change our minds if Brexit turns out to be a crock of shyster induced sh*te. Grown ups adapt to changing circumstances. Are we a nation of grown ups or sheep? #FinalSay 
This is deeply disturbing. It appears that the #CambridgeAnalytica/AIQ scandal reaches into 10 Downing Street. The rationale for the brutal outing of Shahmir Sanni by Stephen Parkinson becomes all the clearer. The rot might well go to the top. #StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
Prime Minister @theresa_may during her visit @posklondon to discuss the future of #PolesinUK after Brexit. #RoadtoBrexit 
Surely activities during the referendum need a full inquiry [in light of recent whistleblower accounts] before any further progress can be made. Or do we just “do Brexit” & then potentially find out such activities were illegal? #1yrArticle50 
This is of course correct, but so far I have not seen any journalist challenge May on this. Please someone ask her why she disagrees with the OBR's assessment that the government will have less rather than more money to spend after Brexit.  
As the Independent Office for Budget Responsibility predicts borrowing will be £58.7bn higher due to Brexit, the PM peddles nonsense on more money for the NHS and Education. If it's not blaming last Labour govt or mantra of "strong economy" its recycling old rhetoric on Brexit   
."The PM is on a tour of the UK to mark a year to go till Brexit – pity the poor people who drew the short straw.". by @JohnJCrace in The @guardian 
The UK hopes to have 40 trade arrangements with 70 countries in place by the end of the Brexit transition period in 2020, Secretary of State for International Trade Dr. Liam Fox has told the BBC. 
First Minister @NicolaSturgeon: A year out from Brexit, we still don’t have any answers to basic questions about #Brexit - that’s deeply concerning.  
There is no Brexit dividend.  
If the electoral commission does not investigate this,we will no longer trust our government.If the police do not investigate this,we will no longer trust the police.If the law dos not #StopBrexit,we will no longer trust the law.#brexit = the end of Britain as a country pic.twitter.com/gEgiRvTup5 
Most citizens recognise that we have nothing to fear from self-rule. After all, that was the status of Britain for centuries before we entered the EEC. Independence is the natural status for most (167) countries. #Brexit 
As a Brexit voter, this post offends me. It does not represent my viewsThere should be an investigation into who drafted, cleared and posted this tweet, and disciplinary proceedings.  
PM today saying there'll be greater trade & prosperity post-Brexit when her own govt's figures show otherwise. Even more bizarre, when asked (yet again today) if Brexit is worth it she can't even *force herself* to say 'yes'. Yet she somehow thinks UK is 'getting behind' Brexit. 
Liz Truss' talk of "seeking to overturn the democratic referendum result" echoes Goebbels saying in 1933 after a referendum victory, that "there is no possibility for parliamentary interference, to obliterate and render ineffective the execution of the nation’s will"#StopBrexit 
Corbyn's position on #Brexit is ludicrous. His ambitious (&expensive) plan 'for the many' amounts to nothing but fantasy talk while he ignores destructive elephant in the room. Let's fix UK's problems from position of strength inside EU, not create more#Remain2Renew@milneorchid 
Here is what one year till Brexit means to me today. To learn what it means to other EU citizens, read today’s special @The3Million Newsletter here  Of course what all this means primarily is that we must #StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON 
1 year to go before we leave the EU, that's another anti democracy 9864 tweets from A C Grayling, 450 anti Brexit protests, another 50 altered positions on Brexit from Labour, another 5 reports about the Leave campaign cheating where they find nothing in the end #1yrArticle50 
Theresa May: “people are coming together over Brexit”People:  
WATCH: My full report from Brussels, where I went to find UKIP MEPs Paul Nuttall and Louise Bours to ask them why, since the Brexit vote, they have the worst voting records in the European Parliament, and whether they are still worth their £80,000 salary.  
*You'll find the Brexit dividend over there next to the tartan paint"   
4. Again if ANY of this is true, this means that Mueller issued a subpoena for someone that Glenn Simpson in his testimony to Congress mentioned as being a "significant figure" in the Cambridge Analytica/Brexit/Trump ties , and a Bannon/Stone associate tied to UKIP, too. 
Nigel Farage - "Only 15% of the global economy is in the eurozone, there is a great, big, exciting world out there, we can give people cheaper food, cheaper bras, cheaper shoes, it’s a massive opportunity." #Brexit  
If May thinks everything will be so wonderful after Brexit can you tell me why she campaigned for Remain! 
#HomeToVote: Irish expats snap up flights as abortion referendum date is set #together4yes 
.@Theresa_May on @BBCNews saying the UK will be different after #Brexit. I agree it will be. More divided, more bigoted, less tolerant. Not much to look forward to is there? #1yrArticle50 #FinalSay 
May: 'we won't be sending vast sums of money to the #EU'.The amount we send is so small it's difficult to find on a pie chart of Government expenditure. But the economic benefits & citizen rights we get are massive. #bbcnews #Brexit  
Brexit is sovereignty shrinkage. 
We have 365 days to go until we are ‘supposed’ to leave the EU.However, it seeems because of this weak Tory government we are stuck in the Common Fisheries Policy with a transition period with no solid end date.@theresa_may has failed. UKIP will save Brexit.#ForTheNation 
Have you changed your mind about #Brexit? RETWEET & VOTE  #yourvoicematters 
The UK’s car crash of a Brexit government is planning to leave our allies in the European Union on 29th March 2019. With one year to go, let’s review their progress.#Brexit #1yrArticle50 #FinalSay 
Polls from YouGov Aug 2016 - Mar 2018 show swing of ~8% to Remain over full period. Since Aug 2017 there has been a small, but consistent Remain majority. The consistency and linear nature of the poll increases reliability. Brexit is not what people want. #FinalSay 
Presenting 'ball tampering' in a nothing sport like cricket as a 'major scandal' whilst Cambridge Analytica, Brexit and a botched assassination loom in the background is a hysterical attempt at misdirection. Seriously, you'll see more cheating at your average football game. 
The EU had nothing to do with the good friday agreement but are prepared to scupper it in their attempts to undermine Brexit  
Your daily reminder that local elections on May 3rd are ALSO about Brexit. Because Brexit will negatively impactLocal ServicesLocal JobsLocal InvestmentLocal BusinessLocal FundingLocal NHSLocal LivesDon't support the pro-Brexit Tories or Labour on May 3rd!#FBPE#ABTV 
Theresa May's inability to confirm there will be a "Brexit dividend" in an interview today shows the Brexit dividend is yet another piece of Vote Leave nonsense touted by only the least credible leave supporters around the cabinet table. We need a #voteonthedeal #ExitFromBrexit 
The #Brexit that is being implemented is not the one that was sold. According to the Government’s own figures, we will be worse off in every situation after #Brexit. @theresa_may must show a backbone and grant the public a meaningful vote on the deal. 
 @NicolaSturgeon: A year out from Brexit, we still don’t have any answers to basic questions about #Brexit - that’s deeply concerning.  
CAPTION THIS: Free F*ck Brexit badge for the best caption #StopBrexitSaveBritain #FBPE #WATON #SODEMaction 
BBC News - Theresa May: People are coming together over Brexit Don't know which people May is talking about, but it's not any that I have spoken to. 
One year to go. How are we still at the “UK Prime Minister makes up any old shit to score votes” phase of Brexit. pic.twitter.com/SHXbxuUyag 
Andrea Leadsom says Brexit dividend will be £10bn a year. OBR says it will be £15bn a year.  
Paul who said in lead up to Scottish referendum that ships could only be built in Glasgow if part of UK now calling for an urgent debate to stop the MOD building NAVY support ships outside the UK.  
These vacuous stunts are exactly the way they blew the snap election. They’re rattled. They know fine and well Brexit is a con.  
Honestly what the fuck. What part of being in the EU prevented you from spending more money on schools and the NHS? Because your own reports say we're going to be poorer after Brexit, so it can't be a money thing. Having less money won't make spending more money easier. pic.twitter.com/jWCtKr6IdK 
“There are many people in Scotland, like I do, despair at the direction the Prime Minister is taking the country in at the moment”: @NicolaSturgeon on @BBCNews #Brexit 
“The UK government wants to centralise powers at Westminster, we simply cannot allow devolved powers to Scotland nor Wales to be stripped away”: @NicolaSturgeon on @BBCNews #Brexit 
Scotland's Brexit Minister @Feorlean: A year out from Brexit, the extreme wing of the Tory party is in control.  
Tony Blair: We should not do ruinous damage to the economic and political future of Britain by leaving the EU. “We need to listen to, reflect upon, act upon those grievances that gave rise to the Brexit vote.” Watch TB talk about our new paper Balanced Migration #TBIMigration 
#GinaMiller laughing at the 17,410,742 #British People who voted for #BREXIT! She plans to overturn BREXIT are YOU going to let HER....? #DeportGinaMiller! #BBC #LBC @LBC #SKY #UK @Conservatives @ConHome #Labour #Tory #UKIP #Labour #LabourParty @UKLabour #LibDems #BestForBritain 
There is also the problem that losers in the US Presidential election and in the UK EU referendum both refuse to believe that their defeats were their own fault.A sinister Russian conspiracy relieves them of responsibility. Evidence scanty, proof as far as I know non-existent.  
I Rtd this last night and it's likely INFOWARS SPIN. A reminder IF any of this is true, GLENN SIMPSON in testimony to HPSCI said this Bannon Stone associate, Theodore Roosevelt Malloch, also associated to UKIP, was a "significant figure" in Trump/CA/Brexit links.  
My favourite analogy of Brexit so far is the comparison to when Geri quit the Spice Girls overestimating her potential as a solo artist.  
Boris Johnson likens Brexit to "an unstoppable express train". I liken Brexit to a "giant Ponzi scheme" The Tories have to keep it going else it will collapse in heap of debt, ruined careers and criminal convictions. #StopBrexitNow 
Public voted for #BrexitPublic voted for a Tory Gov't. Public got what they voted for. Maybe next time public will:a). Not be misled by what they read in Tory owned Newspapers.b). Make the effort to vote (about 40% did not bother voting). c). Focus on Policies#BankHoliday 
Announcing Not Tonight: A dark political comedy RPG set in dystopian post-Brexit Britain. Coming Summer 2018 #1yrArticle50  
It's a been a terrible two years but we've had some very good news: we've been successful in our application to become Dutch citizens & will officially become Dutch in a few weeks' time. For us there's now light at the end of the #brexit tunnel  
Paul Nuttall is no longer UKIP leader but is still an MEP on £80k per year. His voting record though since the Brexit vote is the 4th worst in the EU (42%). He wasn't in Brussels on Monday but was there (until 2pm) Tuesday where he told me "I won Brexit...I'm worth every penny."  
The Prime Minister has told the BBC that Brexit will mean there is extra money available to spend on the NHS and schools.Our Political Editor @bbclaurak asked  @theresa_may if there will be a 'Brexit dividend'... #Brexit #oneyeartobrexit 
Let's ignore Blair and co. and start focusing on making the most out of our future freedoms, argues @rorybroomfield: #Brexit #Article50 #oneyeartobrexit #BetterOffOut #freedom #BOOEU 
Brexit boost: 21 countries queuing up for post-Brexit trade deal, declares Liam Fox  
Let’s not forget David Cameron made austerity cuts, made people homeless, took disability help away from sick & disabled. Held the EU referendum, leaving the country at a collapsing point and then legged it. As for Theresa May she’s making sure Cameron’s job is complete. 
My little bilingual dual citizen #EUSuperHero some years ago doing his homework in Italy.  Don't let #Brexit take away the rights and opportunities of our children #EUSuperHeroDay @Albawhitewolf #InLimbo #FinalSayForAll 
The @NUSuk has backed a motion to fight for a public vote on the Brexit deal - great to see young people fighting for their future. Check out @OFOCBrexit and @FFSake_ 
So now we live in a Brexit dictatorship where the Dictator Government over rules our parliamentary democracy 
Theresa May: "Brexit will be good for the UK and for the North East". Completely contradicting the assessment of her own Government. #stopbrexit 
Throwback Thursday to this: the Johnson/Gove press conference the morning after the EU referendum. #Brexit #Springtime 
Not to be forgotten...37.42% of eligible electors supported Brexit.38.47% of eligible electors supported Catalan independence!#Catalunya #Brexit 
Could I invite all the decent twitter people of Britain to unite - whatever their views on Brexit - and report this disgusting tweet and the organisation behind it that seemingly believes it can stir hatred and division at will.  
The problem with the media and Brexit is that even when they try to keep it balanced, they end up "balancing" Remain facts with Leave propaganda inspired by Cambridge Analytica.There can be no "middle ground" between a fact and an outright lie.#FBPE 
I won't comment this time, you decide. Consider how well you think #Brexit is going and then watch this clip of the BBC's Assistant Political Editor's assessment of Theresa May's handling of Brexit. Give your own score of how objective and impartial he is...  
Xinhua Headlines: Uncertainty remains as divided Britain marks one-year countdown to Brexit  
I met and interviewed @shahmiruk - the whistleblower outed by the government who's adamant that Brexit was completely illegal, a sham. We talked about his sexuality, fashion informing politics, and why democracy in 2018 UK is a lie:  
We report on Brexit, Jessica. It's completely acceptable for @DExEUgov to share an article for us by the Secretary of State.I know you still cannot stomach the fact that we plebs voted to leave your precious EU, but it's happening and that department still exists. Happy Easter! 
One of #Brexit's ironies is that those areas with the highest #Leave vote will suffer most harm from #Brexit. I hope political parties are being responsible & explaining the real risks to them. #CarManufacturing cld go. #Sunderland #NorthEastHour#1yrArticle50 #CountdownToBrexit 
#GinaMiller & #GeorgeSoros the two vile #EUMaggots laughing at the 17,410,742 #British People who voted for #BREXIT! They Plan to overturn BREXIT are YOU going to let THEM....? #SayNoToSoros #DeportGinaMiller! #BBC #LBC @LBC #SKY #UK @Conservatives @ConHome #Labour #Tory #UKIP 
Brexit is still a year away, but already the impact is being felt. Barriers to trade + uncertain market access + economic under-performance = less money to spend on NHS, schools & public services. Those who facilitate this can’t then complain about these consequences  
#ENEMY of the #UK #GinaMiller the Snake who with the funding & backing of the #EU & the #EUMaggots #GeorgeSoros, #TonyBlair #RolandRudd #RichardBranson is trying to overturn YOUR #BREXIT!  #BBC #LBC @LBC #SKY @Conservatives #ConservativeParty @ConHome #ConservativeParty #Labour 
A Government Department tweets out an article that is published on Brexit Central (the successor to Vote Leave) and run by @matthew_elliott (head of Vote Leave) and for which @darrengrimes_ now works: Amazed the civil servants did not stop this. 
The cross-border healthcare agreement (EHIC) is part of Free Movement.Brexit means we’re likely to lose it. For those that have eg kidney dialysis requirements, this hugely impedes their ability to travel without personal cost burdens. 
BBC Alba investigates the need for #indyref2 in light of Brexit on news prog An Là tonight at 8pm.  
It's not just Theresa May - almost the entire UK ruling class doesn't believe in Brexit. Even some Brexiters don't believe the detail of it. Me in @FT 
Brexit SNUB: Airbus BLASTS EU plot to BLOCK UK involvement in space programme  
What a whopper LIE from Theresa May! Every Government scenario shows we lose out economically, more borrowing + more austerity. Yesterday the Home Secretary admitted to spending nearly half £billion on #Brexit before we even leave - instead of 9000 police officers!  @Open_Britain 
If this lot can maintain a lead in the polls then God help anyone who still wants to sail with them into the sunset on HMS Brexit.  
This day next year Britain will be out of the EUToday’s National Brexit Strategy Group meeting showed the extent of significant engagements across Ireland, Europe, USA & Britain.A mountain of work being done to prevent the damage that Brexit will do to each & everyone of you.  
People say that those that voted for #Brexit are nostalgic old farts who want to turn the clock back to the dark old days ......Er.....yep. Some truth in that.  
Random comments about Catalonia, Poland and Hungary. Repeats "EU disintegration" canard despite failure of predictions at time of the referendum. 
Nigel Farage: "Every major player in the Leave and Remain campaigns said Brexit would mean leaving the single market."Interviewer: "What about Daniel Hannan?"Nigel Farage: "As I said, every major player..." 
#GinaMiller is supporting the #WorstForBritain #Remoaner Campaign against your #VOTE for #BREXIT! This vile individual needs to be #deported to her #EU Masters back in #Brussels! #BBC #LBC @LBC #SKY #UK @Conservatives #ConservativeParty @ConHome #ConservativeParty #Labour #Tory 
Boris Johnson today described Brexit as an "unstoppable express", once again playing into the hands of disgruntled yet lazy Remainers who can't help but to expand slightly upon his visual metaphor.  
As Queen Theresa does her Brexit tour, and the media parrots the government lines to take all day, might one or two of them mention her own govt impact assessment papers, which all confirm all options make us poorer and weaker? #LaLaLand 
Today marks one year to Brexit. Ministers @AConstanceSNP and @Feorlean meet at @VittoriaEd with members of the public to discuss how this may affect their future #Brexit #ScotsEU 
Farage moaning about no planning for Brexit. No grasp that Brexit supporters like him should have made the effort to do some planning 
NEWS! Theresa May says Brexit will mean more money for NHS in classic early April Fool’s Day ruse  
Saint Theresa May is on a whistle stop tour of the UK praising all the good Holy Brexit will do to the countryShe promises the country will be stronger and more united thanks to BrexitWith Brexit, will UK become 
Today it was confirmed that Britain has gone from being the fastest growing G7 economy to the slowest growing major economy ON EARTH. Brexit is already damaging our economy. As the costs of Brexit become clearer, everyone is entitled to keep an open mind. Please RT:  
Remember Arron Banks? Man who spent £8m+ on #Brexit? We've been looking at his 'significant' diamond find in Lesotho....and found that not everything is as it seems!!  
LISTEN - The Man Who Wrote Article 50 Says It Was There Mainly For Far-Right Governments /#EU #Brexit  
Hey guys. @fairvoteuk are now taking on the hard task of bringing all this evidence to the public. If Brexit was won by cheating, people need to know. They need your help to keep this going:  
Protest against #LeaveLies in Parliament Square 19:00-21:00 today, Thursday March 29th.If you're in and around London this evening please try to be there.Please RT#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit  
Australia: Staying in EU Customs Union Would Turn Brexit Britain into ‘Irrelevant, Humiliated Dependency’  
Brexit might work great for the UK... or it might be a termite-riddled money-pit with a backed-up septic tank.  Let’s go into it eyes open. 
But only an idiot would pay up front without checking to see if what they THINK they are buying is everything promised.Which brings me to Brexit.  We voted to leave (although that’s arguable now,) ...but say we did.  Now we are inspecting the property.  If it’s a dud... 
BBC DP The first ten minutes was another "get Corbyn" kangaroo court. Followed by a Theresa May "one year to Brexit" photo opportunity. This diabolical excuse of a program, is now reminiscent of a "Monty Python" sketch, whereby the abject anti Labour bias reaches comedic irony! 
A referendum is a mouse-trap. Once you are through that one-way door, you are stuffed. Because even if you change your mind, your previous 'decision' is used to keep you trapped.And your captor is now free to redefine that decision however they like. 
This article is a must-read for anyone who wants to ‘take back control’ of our fish. Turns out we already have control, and have literally sold it.There is no problem Brexit will solve, no Brexit dividend, no Brexit win. Not now, not ever.  
Can I vote in the 1975 referendum?Yes, that's how silly that question is 
I’ve never seen nothing-burger take so long to prepare:1. Polls show Brexit as popular as 2016, so people made their own minds up;2. All these memos reveal is how dodgy Facebook is;3. Vote Leave barely made an impact in the reference anyway. It was all UKIP/Leave EU/GO  
Laura K: “Do you think Brexit will be worth it?”PM: “I think there are real opportunities for the United Kingdom, I think there’s a bright future out there.”  
Why are #Brexit supporters so implacably opposed about a referendum on the deal? If it is going to be such a great deal surely everybody would want vote for it. Are Brexiteers actually worried that there won’t be a great deal on offer? 
“You can only deliver Brexit if you believe in Brexit,” as someone once said…  
And that, dear hockey community, was the official reason that #Brexit happened.#import 
YouGov: Who do you trust to negotiate Brexit?Theresa May: 34%Jeremy Corbyn: 14%  
Interesting: the resurgent contempt of unitary states for their annoying, errant sub-nations. Tom Nairn's linking of civic nationalism & modernity never more relevant, faced with the brutalities of Brexit. (Relevant, perhaps. But heard? Remembered?)  
UKIP Leader @GerardBattenMEP on Brexit countdown - “It’s twelve months until the day that we don’t really leave the EU.” #ForTheNation 
When the price of a blue passport is our current free EU health insurance, pet passports and free mobile roaming, perhaps the government is just trying to show us we don’t need the passport to begin with. Post-Brexit Britain will be too glorious to ever want to leave  
'I'm 18 - will I ever get to vote on Brexit?'  
The most depressing thing about Brexit debate is that two years since the start of the Brexit referendum the same arguments are just being repeated over and over again. Brexiters have no viable plan to make Hard Brexit work, Remainers have no viable plan to make Return possible. 
Don’t forget to register to vote! Do it now online, together we can stop Brexit. 
Astonishing - Damian, are you REALLY prepared to allow these corporate criminals and their masters  to steal British democracy ?  To avoid a charge of corruption , all ethical MPs and Lords must surely now get together and stop "brexit" immediately 
Labour voters have to decide: - Do I vote Labour & get a Tory Brexit for the 40+ years-orDo I vote Lib Dem/Green/SNP/Plaid Cymru hoping that enough Labour voters do the same to #stopbrexit & have a Lib Dem /Green Government for 5 years & then if don't like it vote them out? 
“The reality is that Brexit is not the answer to the problems the country faces. There are better and more effective ways of tackling the challenges we face” – Tony Blair on why a new policy agenda is needed for immigration. Read his foreword #TBIMigration 
Anyway, we’re a year away from Brexit, and I’m struggling not to have a serious rant on Twitter, but I have a feeling it would just make me angrier. And yes, I’m still angry about it. In so many ways. 
What on earth is the man who bought Brexit doing throwing money at an election in Lesotho?  - Leigh Baldwin, @marcusleroux & @PeterKGeoghegan follow an extraordinary trail of guns, diamonds and mafioso ostrich farms... 
#Brexit will cost money, not save it.  The “£350 million a week” was a lie.  Why is the Prime Minister  resurrecting such a thing when she knows it is untrue ? Theresa May: Brexit allows more spending on NHS and schools - BBC News  
Brexit: Britain will be strongly in favour of staying in the EU by 2021 as society changes, academics say.Polls already now show a majority for #Remain. Demographics are about to send that skyrocketing.The public need a #FinalSay to #StopBrexit. 
Im a swing voter in a swing constutuency - just 60 000 people like me effectively decide elections as we can flip the 40 top marginalsI was prepared to give Corbyn a chance despite his #Brexit stanceBut btwn his hardening Brexit & anti semitic scandal I will now vote #LibDem 
The state of UK public opinion isnt exactly filled with optimism abt #Brexit & even more so in Scotland:Is Brexit good or bad?UK: Good 44% Bad 48% (-4%)Scotland: Good 29% Bad 65% (-36%) 
WATCH: our fantastic Bury Saint Edmunds group, @OpenBritainBSE, out campaigning & talking to people locally about the positive benefits of Europe & why they oppose the Gov's hard & destructive Brexit plan.  
PM says there will be more money for priorities "like the NHS and schools" after #Brexit. But @theresa_may refuses to rule out a tax rise to fund the health service  
Honoured to be appointed Spokesperson on Health today. @BillyKelleherTD has done a fantastic job, #Brexit in highly capable hands of @lichamber. Looking forward to joining the FF health team of @DrKeithSwanick, @BrassilJohnTD, @MurphyOMahonyTD, @mary_butler_ and @JamesBrowneTD. 
They are an appalling, despicable outfit. It’s quite obvious what they want to do with the chaos Brexit creates. There is a terrifying collective blind spot to it. 
Theresa May: “I’ll keep  united after Brexit”Brexiteers think Brexit is more important than keeping NI in UKPoll suggests NI would rather join  & stay in  than remain in  & leaveOh. 
LETS BE CLEAR - brexit wil not harm him in any way -  but it will definitely enhance him and his wealth  
Our predictions for the next year And mine:Lords will amend Brexit Bill, Parliament will vote against the deal, there will be a final say referendum, EU will postpone deadline for referendum, Remain will win the referendum & Brexit will be cancelled. 
She just can’t bring herself to say a simple yes: Theresa May asked by @bbclaurak if brexit is worth it  
Give it a rest will you!- firstly it’s not a Tory brexit, Tories campaigned for Remain but are doing what electorate voted for in referendum, wish you could show same respect for democratic results. Secondly talking of economy-  
Had a lively, emotive debate on @bbcasiannetwork with Tory, Labour & UKIP politicians this morning. I put across the case that only the @LibDems are the party of 'remain' & want to give a final #voteonthedeal & a voice to the people who reject this divisive #Brexit. #FinalSay 
What would Brexit do for UK Trade?Will it help smaller businesses?@Femi_Sorry on @bbc5live chatting with a Brexit-voting florist from Yarm, near Middlesbrough.#1yrArticle50 
“I think the Prime Minister's response was woefully inadequate": @NicolaSturgeon on “utterly disgraceful” outing of a Brexit whistleblower by Number 10 aide. @shahmiruk claims Vote Leave "cheated" during the referendum campaign. #FMQs 
Dear @bbclaurak why do you ask Theresa May about a “Brexit dividend” then when the answer she gives is demonstrably false, just write that up?There. Is. No. Brexit. Dividend. 
Tony Blair knows full well that if we were to offer a 2nd referendum on the final deal that the EU would have no incentive to offer us any deal at all.IMHO Tony Blair is [by far] the most loathsome politician of my 51 years.#Brexit & #LeaveEU 
"I think there are real opportunities for the United Kingdom" - @theresa_may responds to @bbclaurak's question "Do you think #Brexit will be worth it?"  
There is no Brexit dividend.There is no Brexit dividend.There is no Brexit dividend.There is no Brexit dividend.There is no Brexit dividend.There is no Brexit dividend.There is no Brexit dividend.There is no Brexit dividend. 
Reminder: Tory, UKIP and DUP MEPs united to vote against EU measures against corporate tax avoidance #Brexit is all about getting the rich a #BrexitTaxHaven.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
People moaning that Theresa May should be going to a border community when she’s here on her Brexit tour & not Bangor haven’t realised she’s actually going there to find out how the sea border between us & Britain will affect costal towns here 
Here’s something I thought I wouldn’t say: I agree with Tim. The referendum result makes leaving the EU inevitable; the 52/48 split in the vote does not justify a withdrawal from arrangements like the customs union. Ignoring the 16m Remain voters is divisive and politically fatal  
FARAGE: “I will wake up on March 30th next year hopefully not feeling my best after a good party the night before. “But I fear that because of the way May has handled this we’ve probably set back the real opportunities of Brexit by about 5 years.” 
For as long as Ruth Davidson supports a job-destroying Brexit, the Tories will have no credibility on the economy. Read more:  #FMQs 
Looking forward to my new role as Brexit spokesperson for the party, interesting and challenging times ahead. Brexit is one of the biggest threats to our country and poses a real challenge in preparing and delivering solutions in what in unchartered territory.  
And on to Northumberland, where @theresa_may sat down with families in Heddon to talk about ensuring communities in the North East continue to prosper after Brexit.  
Thank you for holding this thought! No one in the UK in current government is voicing our concerns. TM says she wants to unite us ! Never going to happen with Brexit looming. Brexit is the worst thing that could happen to UK bar war! 
Hard truths about hard Brexit  
The mere existence of pro-Brexit bots is the most disturbing thing.There are no Remain ones. Only Brexit ones. So someone is funding them. Someone with more money than friends. 
Don't worry about Brexit.Banter and memes! 
Revealed: The inconsistent and inaccurate claims of the Brexit ‘whistleblower’  via @BrexitCentral 
Simon Kuper: 'Very few British politicians, civil servants, business leaders or even many Brexit-cheerleading journalists believe the official state ideology of Brexit. They just mouth the slogans'  
How terribly sad. Because of Brexit, the EU Youth Orchestra is moving from the UK to Italy. @EUYOtweets #BrexitChaos @classicfm 
The Beauty of Brexit is that we can novate all existing trade deals as they are or we can better them...  
You were super-great Madeleina. Farridge's excuse regarding failure to do his job in representing UK on Common Fisheries Policy clearly stupid; they cannot 'have no power' and be part of a EU superstate at the same time. The 'scales' are falling from the public's eyes on #Brexit. 
It would be easier to believe that the Brexit vote was "not about racism" if the official campaign for leaving the EU wasn't now openly spewing racism.  
Words Ireland @ILFDublin takes place the same day as the Referendum. Voting starts 7.00am, we'll start at 10.30am. Events finish at 5pm, voting ends at 10pm. We hope all writers can make it – gathering on a day that exemplifies freedom of speech & clear thinking seems appropriate  
Proud in a short interview today with @France24_en to have made the case without pulling any punches why I regard Brexit as a selfish and destructive act as we enter the final 12 months before B. day  
"We're going to win this referendum" At the press Launch for VOTE No today #savethe8th #votenotoabortion 
The constant arguing over brexit has to stop. The vote is over, leave won and that's the end of it. Blair, Miller, Clegg and others are causing dreadful damage to this country and its economy and its time they were stopped. Forcibly if necessary. 
No one should be in any doubt now that Brexit will happen | @GiselaStuart 
UK citizens living in the EU could well feel #Brexit will leave them out in the cold.Home Secretary Amber Rudd has told a parliamentary committee:"It will be up to EU countries to make their own decisions on what they will do with UK citizens." 
“Brexit is an act of long term diminishment.Blistering reduction of the Leave arguments from Prof Dougan..    
From today's @FinancialTimes #Brexit #Countdown #OneYearToGo 
"We're pushing for a fair vote around Brexit. Cheating is cheating and it's wrong. We cannot have a future based on a lie or a cheat." -- @kyletaylor on @LBC now 
Mick McCarthy available in the summer and #1yrArticle50, it's fate. Sack useless French nancyboy Claude Puel and get Mick in. A Granite Brexit manager for Granite Brexit Day. 
"So if you get a second referendum and win, do you think 'leave' voters should just shut up?"No. They can work their arses off like all these fine 'remain' campaigners have, while respecting a democratic outcome from an honest campaign if that is what we get. 
Toxic Tone says: Cancelling Brexit is getting 'more likely'.Presumably this is just an update for his mates at JP Morgan as part of his consultant role. 
Do you trust the establishment?Do you trust them not to leave us with LESS sovereignty than we have now?Do you trust them to put small businesses first, not multinationals?Or do you want a #FinalSay on the Brexit deal?#1yrArticle50 
With one year to go until Brexit, we listened to the voices of EU citizens in Wandsworth.Vote Labour on May 3 to send the Tory government the message we won't accept their chaotic, extreme Brexit  
Thoughtful though it is of the PM to offer me optimism, I would rather be offered reason for optimism. An imaginary Brexit dividend does not cut it and going back to reheat the bus lie is simply shameful. 
Tories trying to "hide their embarrassment" about dangers posed by Brexit to Scotland’s rural economy, says @NicolaSturgeon "We’ve no more clarity today than we did when Article 50 was triggered. That is disgraceful. Farmers, like fishermen can’t trust a word Tories say.” #FMQs 
Odd recurring Twitter theme:“We need a party to fight Brexit, it’s the most important issue facing Britain and trumps everything else.”“Why don’t you vote for the Lib Dems?”“I couldn’t vote Lib Dem because of X/Y/Z, which matters more to me than my opposition to Brexit.” 
Thought we didn't like foreigners intervening in the Brexit debate and telling us what to do  
Brexit and travel: over the past year, the main thing we have learned is the change of colour of British passports from burgundy to dark blue from October 2019; almost everything else is still uncertain. 
Still, after all this, Theresa May refuses to say Brexit will be worth it. Instead when asked that: "There are real opportunities out there" (to @bbclaurak) 
Are you more or less confident about Brexit now than you were when Britain first decided to leave the EU? #1yrArticle50 #Brexit RETWEET & VOTE  #YourVoiceMatters 
Are you planning to call her out on the Brexit dividend lie or should we all start holding our breath? 
1. PM tells @bbcnews there will be money from a Brexit dividend for the NHS, but doesn't rule out a tax rise to pay for long term funding plan 
Jo Swinson: We still have the chance to stop Brexit  
Today marks exactly one year until Brexit. We take a look​ back​ at some of the​ biggest Brexit promises that the government has quietly dropped since the referendum #1yrArticle50 
 “The Evil #Maggot #GeorgeSoros subverting International #Democracy NOW funding the #EU backed #BestforBritain campaign run by @eloisetodd!  #BBC #LBC #SKY @Conservatives @ConHome @theresa_may #ConservativeParty #Labour #Labourparty #BREXIT @LibDems 
Read Change Britain Chair, @GiselaStuart in the Times Brexit Briefing: 'Our energy must go into creating a better tomorrow, not a rerun of the referendum because we thought the voters got it wrong.'  
Alexander Downer, the Australian High Commissioner is a true friend of the United Kingdom and warns that Brexit must mean Brexit  
LISTEN | David Davis refuses to rule out giving EU citizens preferential access to Britain after Brexit. 17.4m people voted to control our borders, David - this isn't a matter for negotiation!Support us at Read more at  
Nigel is right, children will read about Brexit in history lessons for years to come. The topic will be titled: ‘Brexit: How xenophobia, jingoism, opportunism and deception screwed the UK for generations’#1yrArticle50 
.@mrjamesob's epic monologue with a year until Brexit is a must-watch.  
Ironic reallyThe "Blairites" were accused 8 yrs ago of offering "austerity lite",which was why, apparently, they couldn't beat the ToriesLabour's gone through a "new kind of politics" revolution only to end up with the Corbynites offering "#Brexit lite", with the same outcome  
8 years before I was born the British public were given their say on whether they wanted to be members of what they thought was merely a trading block. So I am very grateful that @Conservatives gave us a #FinalSay after 41 years of experience. We voted for #Brexit end of!  
Chart with LAB voter split on Brexit tracker in latest YouGov poll  
Liam Fox describes Brexit as a "golden opportunity" for international trade, with some countries offering up to six magic beans for 1,000 tonnes of fish. 
.@patrickharvie asks about FM's commitment to opposing Brexit. @NicolaSturgeon raises concerns about claims by whistle-blower about Vote Leave spending during EU referendum campaign.  
LABOUR AT WAR: Remainer anger as Emily Thornberry suggests Brexit deal will go through.LABOUR’S Emily Thornberry has provoked a furious row after suggesting Jeremy Corbyn's party will vote through Theresa May’s final Brexit deal no matter what,  
With just a year until Britain Leaves the European Union, 68% of the Great British Public think the Government should get on with delivering Brexit! Those who continue to campaign for a Second Referendum are seeking to thwart the will of the people! #1yrArticle50 
"We are going to stop Brexit before it happens, and we're going make 29 March a celebration of everyone who has achieved that aim" @albawhitewolf with a "demand a vote on the vote on the final deal" #bbcdp 
“Fascist attack burns Community center in Barcelona. They leave swastikas, Celtic crosses and ‘Death to the Committees for the Defense of the Referendum” on the walls.”#RogueSpain#FreeCatalonia 
Brexit WARNING: Australian diplomat tells UK to quit customs union or become 'IRRELEVANT'  
The vast majority of the country want to get on and leave, and have the benefits of Brexit - listen to @JLongworthLML on @BBCr4today 
Asked if she supports an Indy Scotland rejoining the EU, the FM doesn’t quite answer; simply says she opposed Brexit and wants Scotland to continue to be a “proud European nation” - obviously still conscious the SNP is split over EU membership #FMQs 
FM @NicolaSturgeon says serious and in-depth investigation needed after claims by whistle-blower about Vote Leave spending during EU referendum campaign 
BORDERS: David Davis refuses to rule out preferential border policy for EU migrants post-Brexit. The British people voted to end mass migration. Let’s start to treat everyone who wants to come here the same!  
The BBC (TV & Radio) is presenting 29March2019 as the #BrexitDay as if there was no doubt about it. Yet neither date nor #Brexit itself are certain.Date doesn’t apply if:1. We change our mindsOR2. Talks R extended3. A different date is agreed4. If held up by legal challenge  
We’ve only got 365 more days to stop Brexit but there is still time! The Liberal Democrats want to give the people the final say and an Exit from Brexit. Join the BIGGEST most AMBITIOUS campaign we have ever run outside an election  #FinalSay #1yrArticle50 
The United Kingdom officially leaves the European Union on 29th March 2019. With one year to go, here’s a summary of the progress that’s been made so far. #Brexit #1yrArticle50 #FinalSay 
trials verdict yesterday and the upcoming referendum, NONE of you have used your “powerful voices” to do anything other than promote your eyeshadows and protein shakes.None of you will be seen as empowering or supportive women, all because your fear of losing followers due to 
Gina Millar loves the UK? No, she loves money.JP Morgan? No, they love money.Goldman Sachs? No, they love money.EU cares about UK? No, they love our money.Opposition to #Brexit isn't an honourable thing, a democratic thing, it's ALL ABOUT THE MONEY!!! 
Very good piece by @KuperSimon. Don;t be put off by false equivalence between Putin's Russia and Brexit Britain. The rest is excellent  via @financialtimes 
With one year to go until Brexit, exports of UK goods and services are at a record high  up by 12.1% to £622.1bn in 2017, and trade deficit significantly narrows by £12.1bn - today's @ONS figures show.#ExportingisGREAT #1yrArticle50 
Fraser of Allander report on Scotland's economy: “Brexit remains the biggest challenge on the horizon” #FMQs 
Parliament's Northern Ireland Affairs Committee recently published a report in which they concluded there is no technical solution available to create an “invisible” border. If we want to protect the Good Friday Agreement, we must keep an open mind about #Brexit. 
Not only does @RuthDavidsonMSP list out the things the Scottish Government are doing in a comprehensive policy portfolio & try to say that's a bad thing, she also tries to obfuscate the fact growth in Scotland is affected  by her party's Brexit #FMQs 
Davidson now fully defending Brexit. It’s been quite a journey. #FMQs 
Ruth Davidson: “Why has the Scottish economy underperformed for the last decade?”First Minister: “Brexit!” #FMQs 
WATCH: Lord Kerr on @LBC on how the 'exact same benefits' promised by hard Brexiters in Gov aren't going to happen.As the reality of Brexit becomes clearer, it's only right that the British people keep an open mind about whether Brexit is right for our country. Please RT:  
#FinalSay "When will we know what we voted for?"When the poorest become militantly desperateWe long for an NHS Areas on EU regeneration funding become ignored dustbowlsThe precious Pound falls through the floorWe become a racially divisive slave to corporate America#Brexit 
25 new #Canada150 research chairs established - aim is to draw scientists fleeing Trump, guns and Brexit, by @IvanSemeniuk  via @globeandmail #SupportTheReport 
Reminder: Right-wing Brexiters want to scrap the #NHS. A recession caused by a no-deal Brexit plus a trade-deal with the USA would be ideal for achieving that goal, opening up a huge new realm for profiteering and slashing the tax bills of the rich.#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit  
Polish building contractor tells me that since the referendum he’s lost many of his best workers; prompt, skilled, polite, brilliant people.  “They’ve gone back to Poland. People are worried.”  Ashamed that my country couldn’t make them feel safe 
The referendum was nearly two years ago, yet the Government still hasn’t sorted out so many of the fundamental issues. The PM keeps kicking the can down the road. But with just twelve months to go that road is running out. #1yrArticle50 ....ENDS 
Tells you a great deal about the state of the #BBCBrexitBias when you can find out about this in @arabnews but not via #BBC! "Billboards across London call for ‘People’s Vote’ on Brexit deal."#1yrArticle50 #StopBrexit #FBPE @TonyHallBBCDG @BBCNews 
FM: "Ruth Davidson... has no credibility on the economy for as long as she supports a hard Brexit." #FMQs 
I was wondering...what if someone made a movie trailer from the scare stories politicians keep telling us about Brexit? So I did. Here's Project Fear 2 - this time, it's not at all personal.  
Newspaper tries to be patriotic, accidentally satirises Brexit  
In his foreword, Tony Blair writes: “If the country is to re-think its position on leaving the European Union, it can only be in the context of a new policy agenda which deals with the underlying grievances, which gave rise to Brexit" #TBIMigration 
#Brexiversary: we're midpoint between hasty decision to trigger Art 50 & ill-conceived decision to put arbitrary date on Brexit - w/o having any idea of what our post-Brexit future will look like. Govt still hasn't got a clue. Time for a #PeoplesPoll  
The Government is making a mess out of Brexit. In 365 days we are supposed to leave the EU and we are going to crash out hard with disastrous consequences. The Liberal Democrats want to give the people the final say with an option to Exit from Brexit.  
I put more work into revising for my GCSEs than this government has put into planning for Brexit. And I did Single Science #1yrArticle50 
A very important report by @GreenerUK_                                             If we’re to have any chance of ensuring environmental protection isn’t hugely undermined by Brexit, Govt needs to act urgently now   
A year to go until the UK leaves the EU. I’ve been meeting people who live and work both sides of @BorderIrish for a @BBCRadio4 documentary - like Don Reddin, whose bus yard is in the North and South. Find out more in Davy Crockett and the Irish Frontiersmen R4 Mon 8pm #Brexit  
For ordinary people fooled into voting brexit or tory ( or labour if they don't #StopBrexitNow ) 
So 6 months to the end of negotiations. 12 months to the end of EU membership. Immigration was the biggest referendum issue nearly 2 years ago. Yet the Cabinet hasn’t got a position. And the Home Secretary hasn’t got a position. 
It's going well #brexit #1yrArticle50 Anyone know what the plan is apart from Brexit means Brexit? #AskingForAFriend 
The Home Secretary doesn’t even have any draft proposals or recommendations ready - all she has is some vague options then says it’s up to the Brexit Secretary & PM to decide  
Brexit will damage our families, economy, farmers, and health and social care services and devastate the opportunities available to our communities and young people for decades to come. This is not what Wales voted for. #ExitFromBrexit #Brexit365 
There's something rotten in you seeking to overturn parliamentary sovereignty. In repudiating the rule of law. In undermining the independence of our judges. In calling voters "traitors". If this rottenness is what your referendum enables, then I will never stop opposing it.  
This notion that things can't get worse is one of the most dangerous in the country.The level of homelessness can rise.The price of food can rise and therefore malnutrition can rise.The NHS can collapse.Things are crap. Brexit definitely stops them getting better! 
There is a tsunami of Pro Brexit/Pro Union propaganda coming at ya from every screen and every channelIt will spectaculary backfire on Theresa MayPeople are just not buying it 
Our Prime Minister has basically said that she doesn't care whether or not the Brexit vote was legitimate or democratic - she intends to implement #Brexit anyway. Even if it is the result only of corruption and lies. How can she be allowed to get away with this?  
Embezzlement? Misappropriation? (1) Not a shred of evidence found by public comptrollers(2) Catalan government finances illegally taken over by Spain well before referendum(3) Even Spain's PM admits it!Yet judge #Llarena claims it in the #EAW.#FreeCatalanPoliticalPrisoners 
1 year to go to Brexit. Is the Government ready? Not if this evidence is anything to go by. #1yrArticle50 ......THREAD 
It is time for Blair to face the facts. The EU will not alter their immigration rules and the British public does not want a second referendum.  
Most unfortunate thing about not leaving this summer is having to put up with another three years of lazy MSM journalism. Brexit this, Brexit that, cat won't meow 'cos Brexit.#1yrArticle50 
I only follow a handful of Irish “influencers” and I’m happy that they actually spoke up about it and about other things such as the referendum. Think more wisely about who you’re giving ur attention to - life’s not just about makeup and clothing discount codes x 
To @theresa_may yet againFuck off we will not come together over that gerrymanded referendum!And we also now know leave broke the law to achieve that result#CambridgeAnalyticaUncovered#Brexitgate#FinalSay #FinalSayForAll #FBPE pic.twitter.com/FmqyunLICU 
Don´t you just love Soros's bird Gina Miller. She is now calling for a 2nd referendum when a recent poll shows that 65% of the country don´t want one. Everything this idiot has done is she claims, to protect democracy. What a moron she is. She needs to get her memory working. 
Listening to @mrjamesob is a shot in the arm for reality after a #Brexit phone in on #5Live. Thank goodness for James,  still doing his best to push back against the tide of disinformation and dishonesty promoted on much of the rest of the media - most disappointingly the #BBC 
Maybe you should tell them why you've screwed up the Brexit negotiations at every step... #1yrArticle50 
Leaving the EU but staying in the Single Market would be the worst of all worlds:  #Brexit 
The Catalan police leadership, including chief Ferran López, under investigation for failing to stop the independence referendum . 
This man's explanation of why young people should stop Brexit is flooring people  
With one year till Brexit, "The UK government is in the grip of delusional extremists, and its main opposition party is unable or unwilling to oppose the reckless and destructive course being taken," says @patrickharvie.  
Harold Wilson said 'A week is a long time in politics'In that case, a year is a lifetime yet we still have NO #brexit plan!#1yrArticle50 
A total of 67% think Brexit is a distraction the Government from other important issues facing the county - @Survation #1yrArticle50 #FinalSay 
Baroness Lawrence, the mother of murdered teenager Stephen Lawrence, told LBC that Brexit has given people licence to be openly racist again.  
The Eurochildren study, of which the3million is a research partner, today publishes 2 briefings from the research.Current findings reveal a stark warning for many families in the context of Brexit, their #citizensrights & their lives: 
Watch superb talk by brilliant Prof Michael Dougan from March 2018 totally destroying Brexit from legal and security angles. Must watch and RT please  
Brexit Explained  
It has been one year since the U.K. triggered the process of leaving the EU. Here are the issues still at stake for Brexit Britain, @emmarossthomas explains #tictconews 
At last, some honesty about where Brexit is taking us: off a cliff....  
It would be great to think politicians are driven by a moral imperative to do the right thing. Some are. Most are not. Most are driven by votes. To change the course on Brexit, you must show them that support for it is demonstrably weaker now than it was in June 2016. 6/ 
Labour is definitely prepared to vote down Theresa May's Brexit deal, says @Keir_Starmer 
A year to Brexit, UK PM flies between the 4 countries of UK. As she looks down, I hope she asks: where is UK food to come from? What’s land for? Will food be frictionless? #CCRI2018 I map 10 points for a Food Plan. What’s the point of DEFRA if it doesn’t answer such questions? 
So #TheresaMay's going on tour to promote the benefits of #Brexit ...  #StopBrexit #Remain #Brexitshambles #FBPE #ABTV #WATON #rEUnion 
Theresa May suggests the UK could continue to give a chunk of its bloated foreign aid budget to EU bodies after Brexit:  A true conservative would focus on cutting such spending. 
Tony Blair: It is not too late to stop Brexit  
My fight is to provide a positive alternative to a job-destroying Tory hard Brexit, writes @Dafydd_Wigley 
After Britain voted for Brexit, big banks made plans to relocate thousands of their U.K.-based jobs to new hubs inside the EU. We tracked the jobs the banks say they plan to move  #1yrArticle50 
The DUP: “We’d like to leave the EU. Brexit means Brexit!”EU: “Ok. So that means you don’t want access to things like the EU health card system then?”The DUP: “Oh no no, we would still like access to that. But still, Brexit means Brexit.”  
Oh and as a side note @BBC, even by your somewhat special definition of balance, putting me in a room with 5 brexiters, and 5 remainers who reluctantly accept going ahead with brexit means effectively having 10 brexiters and one Remainer. Thanks for that. 
A short thread: We don’t have “one year to stop #Brexit”. We have much less than that. A necessary condition for stopping Brexit is strong, eloquent, cogent opposition to it in Parliament, in roughly six months when the in-principle deal comes back to be ratified. 
Balls, cherries or cakes. What's the biggest #Brexit cliché of all?  
Our editorial @EveningStandard with one year to go to Brexit - giving away control  
.@theresa_may 1) We're not 6 yrs old so pls don't commission videos that talk to us like we are.  2) Your #Brexit strategy delivers a transition period when we'll be an EU colony with less rights & freedoms than now. 3) You've delivered nothing remotely resembling #Brexit so far.  
Brexit and Britain’s two-faced ruling class. Brilliant insight & as a powerless MEP Remain 'rebel' totally sympathise!  via @financialtimes 
Our @Adamstoon1 @EveningStandard with a year to go to Brexit  
1.2m UK citizens who live in the EU and have been there for 15+ years will have their right to reside anywhere in the EU negotiated as part of #Brexit. They will have no say. They were excluded from voting in the EU ref. - Great British Democracy? 
Fellow Remainers, we're going to get very little support from politicians in our campaign to get people to vote for pro-Remain parties in the local elections. We're going to have to do this almost all by ourselves as a grassroots movement!#StopBrexit #FBPE #ABTV #Brexit. 
It shouldn’t be so complicated. The most democratic solution is simple: We deserve a say on the final Brexit deal. Join mine and @BestForBritain's campaign today. 
Judging by my mentions, the PM’s got a task on her hands bringing the country together over Brexit.... 
There's nothing more frustrating than hearing people who know Brexit would hurt the UK saying "let's just get on with it", because they think it's patriotic...There was me thinking patriots *protect* their country...#1yrArticle50 
ONLY ONE YEAR TIL BREXIT AND BRITAIN BECOMES A PARADISE. A GIANT MECHA DIANA WILL GUARD OUR BORDERS. JAM WILL BE OUR NATIONAL CURRENCY. LAND OF HOPE AND GLORY WILL PLAY IN EVERY WETHERSPOONS ON REPEAT. FINALLY A BRITAIN WE CAN BE PROUD OF. 
 Here are the banks relocating thousands of U.K. jobs because of Brexit 
Are you on the Register of Electors? You must be on the Register of Electors to vote in the May referendum. You have until 8 May to register.  If eligible for the supplement to the Postal and Special voters lists, you have until 28 April to register. 
I think on some level you *know* politicians are corrupt but the #CambridgeAnalytica thing is just so beyond corrupt it's plain criminal. And based on this, the people who would STILL push ahead with #brexit are either criminals or stupid. That is all. 
The best chance to stop Brexit lies not in getting Parliament to offer a #FinalSay, meaningful vote, or Soft Brexit. It lies with a too-little-understood case going to court soon. It's the #A50Challenge & it needs a donor. Please support  @PimlicoPlumbers 
Love ‘Normal for Brexit’. Going to be my new watchword.  
BREAKING NEWS: The BBC today launches its “One year till Brexit” souvenir range. Mugs, tea towels and Broadcasting House snow globes emblazoned with phrases such as “Je ne bregrette rien” and the more accessible “foreigners smell” will be available from all good British stockists 
Another pathetic soundbite! You cannot 'keep' a country strong & united Mr May @theresa_may unless it is already strong & united. The country is split down the middle on Brexit as you well know, at least 48% of us are cave dwelling citizens of nowhere. 
BRITS BACK INDEPENDENCE:- 68% agree ‘will of the majority’ must be respected. - 65% say country should move on.- Vast majority don’t think Brexit will cause long-term economic harm.  
To mark one year to go until Brexit, the PM is embarking on a day-long tour across the UK to demonstrate her determination to deliver a deal that works for every community and protects the integrity of the union #RoadtoBrexit  
Govts capitulated on every issue it said it would resist. Transition makes us an EU vassal state! Time ERG @Jacob_Rees_Mogg & @duponline had the GUTS to stop this Brexit Betryal! Our Freedoms In Peril - Defend It With All Your Might  
Do you think the Brexit negotiations are going well?Are you happy with everything the government has already agreed to give up to the EU?Are you getting what YOU voted for?#1yrArticle50 
So, @BorisJohnson and @dailyexpressuk use this image of one of the most frequently used places for suicide in the UK to show how 'wonderful' Brexit is?  Its time we all rise up and do everything legally (and peacefully) possible to stop this insanity. Grind the country to a halt!  
Exactly one year into Brexit negotiations, and we're as close to an agreement as Ryanair lands to the cities it says it flies to. 
Today, with a year to go before we leave the EU, @theresa_may is visiting all four nations of the UK to emphasise that, whether they backed Leave or Remain, what is important now is making Brexit a success for everyone. 
It’s exactly a year until we officially #Brexit. So I went to Keighley and Bradford to ask about belonging, Jeremy Corbyn and why Taken isn’t actually a documentary about immigration. Click through for the full video!  
THREAD After Britain voted for Brexit, big banks made plans to relocate thousands of their U.K.-based jobs to new hubs inside the EU. We tracked the jobs the banks say they plan to move   
War Criminal Tony #Blair calls on Labour MPs to vote against Jeremy Corbyn if he takes 'wrong' approach to #Brexit  
Don't you just love the fact that a Brit has won Young European of the Year !!Next, #NickClegg 's book on how to stop brexit might be voted best book by Parliament.... wait a minute..... #fbpe 
The Trade Minister can't explain why Germany exports twice as much to India, over four times as much to China as the UK, with both Germany and the UK in the EU. Altho' he then went on to praise growth in UK exports to China, confirming we don't need to leave EU to trade. #Brexit 
The message from many of us is Get On With It. Brexit will bring substantial benefits and opportunities. We have a borders and trade system which works for the rest of the world at the moment, so we know how to live outside the EU. 
‘It’s terrifying’: How '#Brexit day' is leaving London’s EU nationals fearing for their futures. EU nationals living in #London are questioning whether they have a future in Britain after March 2019. 
Prof Menon believes that after Brexit the only option for voters is Mogg or Corbyn. To stop that horrible depiction of the future vote Renew and call for a final referendum. #StopBrexit #1yrArticle50 
Minister confirms to me that Belgian region of Wallonia will have more power over EU trade deals than Wales and Scotland will have over post Brexit UK trade deals #partnershipofunequals 
Children play the classic kids' board game "Brexit!", the wacky high-risk game in which one side can't be penalised for cheating. Maidstone, 1948.  
One year till Brexit! So exciting! Trade deal with same benefits as the single market in place, Ireland border sorted, new customs infrastructure and staff ready, deals with the US, Japan etc ready to sign, no more money to pay to the EU, £350m a week for the NHS. Let's do this! 
Have been seriously thinking about what my daughter is going to say to me, twenty years from now if we don't save the UK: 'Why didn't you protect me daddy?' I think that's the way we're going to have to look at this. #Brexit #IamTommyRobinson #FreeSpeech #LeaveEU 
Leave would probably still win today. Forget another referendum, there should never have been a first. It was never fair to put the responsibility of such a seismic decision on an uninformed public who were then sold lies. All this is David Cameron's fault. Tory party politics. 
BREXIT: The Scottish Govt believes the #CambridgeAnalytica scandal could trigger a second #Brexit referendum  
Only 5,000 finance jobs may go because of #Brexit, from firms employing more than 375,000. Down from 10,000 in September 2017.   
#4b We will never know which type of Brexit British people actually voted for. The complexities that have become apparent since June 2016 show clearly that this was not a matter for a binary ‘yes’ or ‘no’ vote. 
#4a Too little focus on Cameron and his share of responsibility in debate about leave-vote. Cameron had been playing with eurosceptic fire for far too long. Idea to call a referendum was politically foolish, given uncertainties about what a Brexit decision would imply. 
Scottish Indy supporters get called Separatists. Who are the real separatist? It's the British nationalists who are the real separatist with brexit. The SNP & Yes haven't even lifted a finger. British nationalists have sealed the end of the union. #EndLondonRule #Scotref 
Rest assured folks, Boris and The MSM say our Brexit future will be glorious, precious and wonderful. What a relief: I was getting a bit worried. 
Just caught #VictoriaLIVEHilarious! A leave voter is saying that Brexit is great because it will allow MORE non-EU immigration.Seriously? SERIOUSLY?Have they not been on the pro-Brexit social media?! It was fought & won, weirdly, on anti-brown/Muslim sentiment!  
Trying to ignore the one-year-to-go Brexit debates. So depressing. People still conflating other frustrations, that have nowt to do with EU membership, with voting leave. Seeing the concept of 'Brexit' as some kind of change - *any* kind of change - so better than the status quo. 
Out of character and misjudged for T May to do a UK Brexit tour today .. the details of the final deal are as hazy now as they were during the referendum. Let's see if she has the material to embark on another jingoistic  tour when details of deal are known. 
The best argument against Brexit is a Liam Fox interview. He's so unconvincing that if he was speaking in favour of me I'd end up hating myself within 10 minutes. 
Tony Blair on #r4Today: The extraordinary thing is for people to say 'no you decided in June 2016, doesn’t matter what terms are'. What people like me are saying is keep [Brexit] under debate until we see the terms of the new deal. Read more from TB here  
Never has an acronym seemed more apt!Check out these guys. It’s essential we forge a path ahead that doesn’t close down opportunities for young people, which Brexit looks like doing.Take back control! #FFS 
Labour still seem to think they could negotiate a better Brexit agreement than the Tories.Don't they realise that the agreement has been written in its entirety by the EU? The Tories HAVEN'T BEEN INVOLVED.What's on the table is all that ever will be on the table. 
Dear Journalists covering #Article50 day: if you would like to hear from one of the 1.3mn @BritishInEurope who are going to be directly (and adversely) affected by #Brexit then please get in touch as we have spokespeople in France, Germany, Spain, Luxembourg, Belgium etc 
Tony Blair calls on members not to vote for Jeremy Corbyn as leader then calls on electorates not to vote for a Corbyn Government and now calls on Labour MP’s to vote against him on Brexit. Why is this man still in Labour. 
It's been a dreadful week in politics, hasn't it.There is an alternative. If you want to be part of a movement that stands up to ppl in power, opposes the Tory brexit and won't give up on cleaning up our environment - then join @TheGreenParty.  
May in Scotland.Fair, polite and pertinent questions from @bbclornag but the Tory UK PM just gives her standard scripted answers. And those familiar ‘get me out of here’ twitchy eyes, for all to see. #Brexit 
If you read the Standard on the way home you'd never realise that 40% of Londoners voted for Brexit 
Important to remember that while there’s one year to go until Brexit Day is scheduled, there’s only 6 months to finalise the Withdrawal Agreeement, it’s nowhere near done, and the hard stuff is still to be agreed.  
With #OneYearToGo, I am still fueled by the hopes of the 17.4m Brits who voted leave, many of whom I had the privilege to meet during the campaign. But we are still not listened to by the elites. This has to change. Read my full thoughts here:  #brexit 
'A lot of Scottish people have cottoned on to the fact that this woman who has lived among us and taught our students for years is now facing punishment for something we Scots took for granted – the right to decide our own future in a referendum'  
Good point. The Brexit debate needs...-More on 1 in 3 BME Leavers(Go to Birmingham not Boston)-More on 1 in 4 graduate Leavers-More on London Leavers-More on middle class Leavers-More on Welsh/Scottish Leavers  
For nearly 70 years, NATO has kept us safe, not the EU.Now the EU Commission has made its own military structures many of which duplicate or detract like the 20 shown. Pointless power-grabs.Europe must focus on NATO and a full ‘Brexit for Defence’ will help them achieve that.  
The petition is collecting signatures extremely slowly. 1.5 million signatures came in within days for the petition following the referendum. Please share often and widely. 
Express editor: "You know what would be a great frontcover image to represent Brexit? A cliff edge!"Picture editor: "You got it"  
"If Brexit really is betrayed, I would have no choice but to get back into the political frontline."Former UKIP leader @Nigel_Farage talks British independence for the fourth day of our series marking the anniversary of Article 50Read more:  
A plea to U.K. media:When doing Brexit pieces one year to go, there is more to the U.K. than the North East of England. How about the prosperous Home Counties? All voted Leave. More people live there. This is real Brexit Britain 
Prediction: Parliamentary debate on a further referendum on Brexit, forced by a petition, to be held on 30 April: there will be an empty chamber. Our democracy now  is AN EMPTY CHAMBER. The coup sustained by the Whips telling our ‘representatives’ to stay away. 
#BBCBreakfast Pleased to hear @johnmcdonnellMP say that Labour will vote against a bad #brexit deal and that he’s not opposed to a public vote (preferring an election to a referendum). 
'Brexit' (combining Britain with exit) has become the most universally recognised portmanteau word since the creation of the word 'brunch' (combining breakfast with lunch) in 1897.  Fact.  (This is as close as I get to talking about Brexit.  Brunch I love.) 
The Daily Express unwittingly (or fuckwittingly) use notorious suicide spot Beachy Head to illustrate our glorious post-Brexit future. Just out of shot: Phil Daniels on Sting's scooter. pic.twitter.com/3dbLJLrytO 
If only Brexit voters had been just a little bit smarter. Not too smart as we still need people to do the menial jobs, but smart enough to have correctly voted Remain. 
If Brexit is carried out without a #FinalSay, the UK will have to carry with it millions of angry, disenfranchised, vociferous, well-organised citizens, all committed for life to reversing this historic injustice. #StopBrexit2018 
Parliament’s disgrace: Tory MPs and Labour front bench stayed away from the emergency debate on cheating in the referendum. Obviously, they were told to. That’s the tactic: anything tricky, just don’t show up. MPs shamefully, cowardly hiding from their responsibilities. 
The majority of the country now want to #Remain in the EU, polls show. Most people think Brexit is going badly.And @theresa_may dashes around the UK parroting “strong and united” as if that will make it true?Give the people a #FinalSay to #StopBrexit. 
This day in a year’s time I lose my job, round about 11pm. I’m fine with that - because I believe very much that Brexit will be better for the country. I will be celebrating national & personal freedom on that day. Until then a lot of work still to do! Best dcb 
One year to go. Bring on Brexit!  
On Saturday 14th April @Open_Britain @euromove @_Britain4Europe and @WalesForEurope will be putting on the largest ever pro-European action day against a hard and destructive #BrexitWill you join us by running an event in your community?Please RT 
Again & again, we hear “...the will of the people must be upheld...the will of the people...”The “will of the people” is meaningless if people did not know what they were voting for, voted for lies, did not know of the cheating, the illegality, the Brexit scam.#FinalSay 
Spending this morning talking to businesses , trade bodies and public sector organisations struggling to cope with the various downsides of #Brexit - labour shortages , regulatory confusion, increased costs.  The PM should be listening  to them, not staging photo opportunities. 
The spin from all @GovUK Ministers on this “one year to go” Day is about the “amazing opportunities” that #Brexit brings.  The reality is there aren’t any and as those same Ministers have seen the figures which prove that then they are not telling the public the truth. 
One year on: 52 new facts about Brexit.The new facts highlight the costs and risks of Brexit, the damage it is doing to Britain’s economy &  the threat it poses to the peace process in NI. Please RT: 
This genius discovered the perfect metaphor for Brexit  
One year to go. The UK govt’s spin that rights of @The3Million of us are secure is repeated everywhere. *It’s a lie.* Not least because of this. I will never forget the speed nor readiness with which millions of lives were made collateral for Brexit.  
With a year to go to Tory Brexit it's time for unionists to decide whether they really want the DUP to drag them over the cliff. Ireland will suffer, unionists and republicans alike, unless we collectively call halt. It's time to demand special status for the north in the EU!  
A year into Article 50, unreality permeates Brexit. My latest blog post:  
Disgusting & hope police investigate & prosecute those responsible. Brexit is unleashing some very unpleasant forces and this behaviour doesn't augur well for a divided & polarised postBrexit UK. I salute the courage of all brave young Remainers risking their safety for EU cause!  
"Predictions of doom and gloom" at the time of the EU referendum "have proved to be wrong" says Liam Fox - who says the UK has 14 working groups with 21 countries underway for trade agreements to be ready to sign in a year #r4today 
Always fun to watch.Jacob Rees Mogg is challenged by BBC interviewer about gloomy, leaked Civil Service Treasury Brexit forecast and effortlessly rubbishes the Treasury and its “worthless” paper.  
The date is set for the referendum on the 8th. If you’re coming #hometovote from overseas, this is a thread of the cheapest flights to the capital that weekend.And for those on the fence about traveling, think of the 12 women who are forced to travel every day.#RepealThe8th 
Asked repeatedly what will happen if/when Parliament rejects Tory #Brexit deal Liam Fox fails to answer. #BrexitShambles @BBCr4today #FBPE he also fails to rule out #Article50 extension 
Liam Fox on @BBCr4today claiming to understand moulded seat panel manufacturing better than the MD of a seat panel manufacturer. Normal for Brexit. 
“We are launching a national advertising campaign for another thousand Border Force staff in order to improve the quality of our border and prepare specifically for Brexit.”Good - it’s time to secure Britain’s borders!  
Wonder why Mrs May won’t meet the First Ministers of Scotland or Wales when she visits today? Maybe because they would tell her Brexit is going to make them poorer & best thing is a referendum to give people the chance to stop it? 
Liam Fox on @BBCr4today literally can’t list a single specific practical benefit of Brexit in a year’s time, falling back on ‘the ability to negotiate new trade deals’ which will be cold comfort to those whose jobs depend on EU trade now #BrexitShambles 
Simple. Don’t hold an illegal referendum and spend money that doesn’t belong to you doing so. Easy peasy  
The Housing Minister, Dominic Raab tells @GMB he thinks the campaign promising £350million for the NHS post-Brexit was 'sloppy'. Today marks one year until the UK leaves the EU.  
Theresa May is apparently going to be touring Britain today to lie about the 'benefits' of #Brexit. Just what the country needs.#StopBrexitSaveBritain #r4today 
Brexit - how's it going? Report from @anandMenon1 et al "Uncertainty reigns. This is having negative consequences for ... sectors including agriculture, fisheries, aviation, the environment, higher education, the health service and financial services...."  
1 year on from triggering Article 50 and still no plan!No plan for Northern Ireland, no plan for citizens and no plan for businesses. When this process is ends, you deserve the final say on Brexit. P.S. it’s the 1yr anniversary so I am wearing black! 
It is very simple.Leave have lied to us.We deserve better than Brexit. #BetterthanBrexit #Remain 
Very interesting and productive meeting with @nealerichmond this week. Be in no doubt - the Irish border issue is a massive, outstanding, unresolved issue in the #Brexit negotiations and does threaten the Good Friday Agreement settlement in Northern Ireland.  
Government reveals Britain’s new post-brexit internet service#BrexitFax 
Our co-chairs @ChukaUmunna & @Anna_Soubry met with Senator @NealeRichmond, Chair of the Irish Senate's #Brexit Committee and the Irish Government’s spokesperson on EU Affairs in the Irish Senate, this week.  
Former steelworker in Middlesbrough talking to me about Brexit. ‘It can’t get any worse here.   We’re going from nothing to nothing.”  @bbc5live @rachelburden @ciarantracey 
There is no way in the world the govt Brexit deal meets Labour’s six tests. If this is true it is a huge sellout and the tests were a con @Jeremy corbyn @Keir_Starmer @EmilyThornberry @TheNewEuropean this week has more 
Yes, Brexit is definitely the reason people watch Netflix  
one year to go until Brexit. Here's a list of some of the promises made by Brexiteers, none of which have been kept  
The toxic Corbyn cult is to labour what the poisonous Brexit Nazis are to the Conservatives.Broken politics of a system which has died and nobody has yet told it. 
Yesterday @EmilyThornberry indicated Labour would wave through a Tory Brexit. This morning Labour is trying to limit the damage.But, if Labour won't put Remain or a Final Deal Ref on the table, it has no alternative to waving through a Tory Brexit. I.e. Emily spoke the truth.  
READ | Great insight here from @WestmonsterUK as, a year on from #Article50, Labour firm up their credentials as a party totally unfit for government, let alone Brexit. #FinalSaySupport us at  
"Very few British politicians, civil servants, business leaders or ...journalists believe the official state ideology of Brexit. They just mouth the slogans. The populist policy of Brexit has made the populist claim come true: Britain’s elite lies"  
Depressing listening to a small, Sunderland collective who’ve been eating the Brexit unicorn meat. No idea how, but the news it has put their jobs at risk and will in any case cripple the economy - locally to them even more so by Gov’s own figures - hasn’t reached them. #R4today 
With a year to go until Brexit we are closer to a deal than ever before, a deal that delivers on the democratic decision of the British people: to enjoy control over our borders, our money and our laws, writes Brexit Secretary @DavidDavisMP 
Just to reiterate, again, if the #Brexit deal fails ANY of @UKLabour's six tests, they will vote against the Government's #Brexit deal.Why is that so difficult to understand?  
Brexit will go down in history as a great day, even if Theresa May has us limp over the finishing line, @Nigel_Farage writes on #article50day 
Our Brexit journey out of EU is almost over - a glorious view awaits, says BORIS JOHNSON  
52 weeks until Brexit, lots of time to stop it democratically. Crunch moment: when Mrs May presents her Withdrawal Treaty at year end. Almost certain to involve leaving Customs Union and Single Market; the people at large should decide whether they want that leap into the unknown 
Cambridge Analytica helped ‘cheat’ Brexit vote and US election, claims whistleblower via @POLITICOEurope 
Time to save our democracy from these pound shop patriots. Leave or Remain these criminals have sold UK democracy and Brexit down the river with their #LeaveLies #CambridgeAnalytica #WATON 
Let’s be clear: the only way any #Brexit deal meets @UKLabour’s 6  tests is if we continue to be part of the Customs Union *and* Single Market. Simple @BBCr4today 
McDonnell: “She was being sarcastic, in Emily’s style.”Well, how about not being sarcastic, in the style of grown-up politicians, Labour? Brexit is a critically important subject - we can do without sarcasm, gibberish and ambiguity. #r4today 
.@EmilyThornberry loose talk can cost jobs when you suggest Labour might vote for the deal.  Your key test for backing #Brexit, requires the UK to get the ‘exact same benefits as we currently have as members of the single market and customs union’ if we Brexit.  It won't be met. 
There is only a Remain Dividend. Brexit means austerity. £200bn a year of lost GDP. That’s more than the entire NHS budget.  
#brexit One year since article 50 was triggered leave EU. Still everyday bloody same Remoaner bores out trying derail Brexit. Chuka Umunna, Alastair Campbell, Anna Soubry, Nicky Morgan, Tony Blair, John Major, Richard Branson, & Michael Heseltine. Shut up.  
Today May is conducting a tour of the UK vowing to deliver a Brexit that unites the country. That is the most unlikely outcome.   
John McDonnell, before being able to comment on Labour front benchers wanting to support a Tory govt Brexit, has to comment on Holocaust denial. What a drab spectacle. 
Brexit food starts hitting supermarket shelves.  
There's one year to go until #Brexit and the #Brexitcast team marked it with a special podcast, recorded in front of a live audience at the BBC Radio Theatre... with mouth openers . LISTEN :  / Subscribe on iTunes:  @bbc5live 
Keir Starmer says Labour is prepared to vote down Brexit bill  
One year to go! Normally I don’t wish for time to fly but in this case... #Brexit 
HAPPY BREXIT DAY FOLKS....1YEAR TO GO UNTIL OUR EU SHACKLES ARE TAKEN OFF AND WE BECOME A PROPER COUNTRY ONCE AGAIN.IN 12 MONTHS TIME WE SHOULD THROW THE MOTHER OF ALL PARTIES TO CELEBRATE.TICK TOCK TICK TOCK...... 
Legal challenges can't, and shouldn't, halt Brexit. That is for MPs and the electorate.What they can do is allow democracy to speak and highlight where it has been abused.  
My cartoon - #Brexit in a nutshell #r4Today 
One year till Brexit. My country never wanted this and didn’t vote for it yet we are to be taken out against our national collective will. I remember when they said that the only way we would keep our EU status was to vote No to independence. 
Tim Martin makes another appearance on #r4today to extol the ‘virtues’ of Brexit. This is the man whose pub chain was embroiled in 2 different food safety scandals in just 2 months with meat suppliers Russel Hume & Fairfax Foods. I wonder why he would like to reduce regulation?  
It was not a democratic referendum.  It was not the will of the people.  It does not have constitutional weight.  It was based on misrepresentation, manipulation and lies.  Please carry on repeating until the Brexiteers understand it.  We have a year to get it into their heads. 
Halfway through the process Brexit bears no relationship to what people voted for as one after another key promises are brokenWe demand a fair vote on what Brexit really means#FinalSayForAll 
As well as Brexit, the EU is battling “populist” govts in Hungary, Poland etc, an anti-EU govt in Italy,, the Catalan crisis, the insolvency of the Club Med States, ECB money printing to prop up the Euro etc.   It is a paper tiger.  May take note.   
The PM knows the damage #Brexit will do because she has seen her own @GOVUK analysis .  So when she talks about the benefits of #Brexit she actually knows they don’t exist.  Remarkable....Brexit: Theresa May vows to keep UK 'strong and united' - BBC News  
Good to see Matthew Elliott acknowledge that @GoodLawProject's judicial review threatens Brexit.  
SNP have no shelf-life without the prospect of indy, or, another referendum. This latest Catalan professor farce will motivate & sustain them for however long it takes to resolve. They have no real interest in governing, only in independence at ANY cost & under ANY circumstances. 
Gibbering delusionist.BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May vows to keep UK 'strong and united'  
21 months after the EU ref, nobody, from the very Prime Minister down, has a clue what Brexit meant then, what it means now or what it means for the UK in the future. It’s turned out to be the biggest Tory dupe we’ve ever seen from a long, enduring list of Tory dupes. #FinalSay 
Watched the whistle blowers on Sky news, pink hair and gay Asian claiming referendum result could be wrong because of a £600,000 overspend . Yet the remain campaign spent much more and lost .WHAT AM I MISSING ? 
Stop Delaying ... and just GET ON WITH IT !#Brexit & #LeaveEU 
Every day until the two year anniversary of the Brexit vote on 23/6 we will be posting a picture from the #MarchForEurope There are too many people from all across Scotland who came demanding #DemocracyOnBrexit, and they cannot be forgotten or ignored. #AlwaysEuropean  
Ireland will hold a referendum on May 25 on whether abortion should be legalized  
#VoteLeave was Louise's  campaign...  She has tried to revise Vote Leave's ties various hate groups who helped amplify the Brexit message.  
Sobering thread on economics of Brexit (warning: may contain expert views)  
11 Brexit promises the government quietly dropped 
My interview by Alex Weinstein @RebelAirForce about authoritarian populism agenda and supporters in India, Turkey, Catalonia, Brexit, Trump; Catalonia’s bluff on independence; what’s like to fight a dictator; Putin; decency in politics; marihuana; and more 
British ‘exceptionalism’ drove Brexit, but EU media aren’t buying it  via @politicoeurope 
"The New Plurilateralism: Global Economic Governance in the Age of (CP)TPP, Brexit and Trump" @GELN_UniMelb lunchtime seminar on Friday 13 April by @MarkusAWagner @MelbLawSchool Register - 
Article 50 a year on: Brexit ‘red lines’ change colour  
#OnThisDay in 2017, #UK PM Theresa May announced that Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty had been signed, which meant the country formally triggered #Brexit process  
I've been called a "Russophobe", I'm not, I AM however, a "Putinphobe" Magnitsky Mikhail LesinAlexander LitvinenkoBoris Nemtsov UK  nerve agent MH-17 Brexit meddling US election meddling Hacking US grid ....& so much moreAnd people who aim to pacify him are FOOLS 
If there's a silver lining to #BrexitGate it's that our nasty authoritarian Govt can no longer chant that #Brexit is the *Will of the People* - a phrase dear to fascists to quash dissent, also used by Hitler.We need #BrexitDealVote with an option to #ExitFromBrexit to save UK. 
I have also argued with your impartiality for a long time and that you generally managed to report factually and in a balanced wAy. No longer. Your acceptance of Brexit as fact is flawed. Your coverage has become over simplistic and unchallenging. Ch4 now much better. 
Each spring, schools vote on referendum items that essentially change rules affecting schools, athletes and/or coaches.  Referendum items are first approved by elected Board members.  Here are the items for this spring:  
'I'm a British winemaker in France but Brexit puts my future at risk'  
I do feel sorry for all those standing in the local elections who have been hung out to dry by their national party leadership and position on Brexit. 
Lastly, here's Edward R.Murrow's final and perfect annihilation of McCarthy and McCarthyism. Have a listen and think about how much of it applies to Brexit and the political climate it has created.   
[12] Today 80% of the Catalan people agrees the best way to decide the future relation between Catalunya and Spain is through  political negotiation followed by a referendum  
Well lads, one year til #Brexit!  
#AndyWigmore of #LeaveEU said #Brexit was a *petri-dish* for #Trump. At the Digital Culture Media & Sport Select Committee, Chris Wylie confirmed #Brexit was a dry-run for Trump's election.#RobertMercer & #SteveBannon didn't give a toss what #Brexit did to UK.#StopBrexit 
Second Swiss referendum vote in last three months. But Swiss voter guides are incredibly informative. Issues explained in normal language, and both sides get space to argue for and against. With tipped wage ballot initiative vote in June, D.C. could learn a lot!  
EU parents warned children need papers to stay in UK after Brexit 
They say if Brexit is stopped then there will be violence like this.  If that is what is making us Brexit then we have to face it down NOW.  
I've seen Leave-voting inlaws break down in tears of regret, rural Leave voters devastated over decline in their areas, elderly Leave voters shocked&confused at the Brexit plans so far. Always the resounding message "we didn't want this". When do they get a  #FinalSay ? 
David Davis makes clear the Tories' absolute contempt for Parliament, democracy and the British people. They are like robbers wanting to get their hands on the #BrexitTaxHaven loot.#StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
11 Brexit promises the government quietly dropped  
We fought for Brexit and we are on our way to delivering the wishes of the British people in this regard. Daniel  
.Perhaps children without the necessary papers will have to move to the EUThe Brexiters could send them by trainThey could call it Brexit 'Children Transport' (I wonder what that would be in Frenchor ......German). 
Whether we voted Leave, Remain or not at all - we all deserve to know what Brexit means.We were forced to vote on Brexit. But  not knowing what we’ll now get is the definition of undemocratic, says @BestForBritain’s @eloisetodd.We all need a #FinalSay. 
Another referendum that is negotiated and will not be brutally repressed.  
Brexit is a mess. Everyone needs a #FinalSay on the Brexit deal. #FBPE. 
Brussels NIGHTMARE: EU to raid €56BILLION fund to plug Brexit blackhole  
Amber Rudd admits Cabinet has not discussed post-Brexit immigration plans 
Really looking forward to celebrating 'International Missing Childrens Day' on May 25th 2018. Coincidentally the day that Ireland holds a referendum on whether or not to strip away pre-born boys & girls constitutional right to life. You couldn't make it up #JoinTheRebellion 
7 in 10 voters in this research want a vote on the Brexit deal. But (understandably) not if it’s called ‘second referendum’. Media who persist in using latter term are colluding with politicians who want to frustrate #willofthepeople for a #voteonthedeal 
“The hysteria over Cambridge Analytica is a libel on the electorate. It depicts voters as gormless followers of populist memes. But Brexit actually showed the opposite: that voters are no longer willing to do as their betters tell them.” By Brendan O’Neill  
This wasn’t picked up last week - but BMW gave quite a stark presentation to the European Parliament’s trade committees re: Brexit.  
THERESA MAY: Brits have made it clear - Brexit MUST be a success  
This is frightening from @trussliz. Rather than focussing on a possible criminal violation of campaign law, she tries to discredit those seeking to expose the rule-breaking. This is the rhetoric of a party that has no respect for democracy or the rule of law.#StopBrexit #Brexit  
“Can’t think what to put this totally not batshit crazy Brexit quote on. What image doesn’t scream ‘isolated island’ and ‘real and imminent danger of death’?”“A massive friendly cliff edge”“Perfect”  
sayin men shouldnt be able to vote in the referendum n excluding them from the convos abt abortion pushes them towards the pro life side. Abortions affect men too, not as much as women but takes two to tango. Include them. Talk to them. Educate them to vote repeal n support us x 
After her last walking holiday in Wales she called a General Election - bet she won’t make that mistake again.  Perhaps she shd visit some Welsh Fishing Ports & see what they think of her cave-in to Brussels.  #Brexit  
@JonathanPieNews So if have a history of criticising the Tories, Brexit and Trump, but you work with a guy who contributes to Spiked, a centre-right publication that champions democracy and freedom, that makes you far right? Listen to yourself. You are a fucking meme Graham: pic.twitter.com/r48xSBe8iS 
The Daily Express decided that a picture of a cliff edge would best illustrate #Brexit...  
This is odd. it's the license agreement for Cambridge Analytica. However, it is dated the day before Scotlands #indyref - had they already planned #brexit before the independence referendum and not told anyone? or is this license for Better Together?  
A bumbling Prime Minister that thinks she can do whatever she wants to Scotland, despite the nation voting to remain in the EU. It was vacuous Tory soundbites that got us in this Brexit mess. More action, less words.  
."Brexit suggests that, when people feel that remote elites are trampling on their culture & threatening their identity, they react unpredictably.Northern Ireland is a DANGEROUS place to put that theory to the test.". 
We were forced to vote on a thing called “Brexit” without being told what Brexit really meansRETWEET!! 
Can’t someone just reverse this Brexit path we are on due to lies lies and damn lies that got us here. If it’s good for the Rees Moggs Bojos & the other careerists, you know the rest of us are going to suffer. For generations. WAKE UP!! 
The view being, hilariously - the edge of a giant cliff #Brexit  
Inspired by @Femi_Sorry - Had a chat with Terry on a building site today, complete stranger, talked through Brexit and Terry thanked me heartily for the conversation. Brexit is only one conversation away from being defeated. Get talking!#rationalnational #5hoursonabuildingsite 
Thursday's Express: "One year to Brexit" #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via @hendopolis) 
Tory government 'is in it up to its neck' over Brexit spending, Labour declares 
Tony Blair calls on Labour MPs to vote against Jeremy Corbyn if he takes 'wrong' approach to Brexit  
Labour are tonight polling 4points behind the worst government ever. This Labour/Tory coalition is a disaster. Time to oppose brexit. 
Sure, you’re all crowdfunding Brexit litigation but have you ever thought you might be missing the court cases that really matter?  
Up to at least 16m of us will punish Labour in the May local elections. And at the GE should they not change their position to pro EU.I am one who will do this. I will not be coerced by a threat of more Tory rule.#FBPE #StopBrexit #brexit 
"One year to Brexit"... or as I see it one year to Stop Brexit #SkyPapers 
JD Wetherspoon: The one company I wouldn't mind going bust bc of Brexit #ItWouldWipeTheSmileOffThatTwatsFace 
Cambridge Analytica helped ‘cheat’ Brexit vote and US election, claims whistleblower via @POLITICOEurope 
Safe to say the picture is much better at 22.30 than it looked at 16.30! But the fight is only just beginning. In the end, Labour must give the people a chance to #StopBrexit - through a referendum or in a Pro #Remain GE manifesto. 
Brexit: Theresa May vows to keep UK 'strong and united'  
Purpose/effect of Brexit is to reduce our rights & return power to the Govt. The EU gave us individual enforceable rights against our states. With Brexit we will have fewer rights & the Govt greater power over us. Without a written Constitution, that spells trouble ahead.  
With precisely one year to go until we leave the EU, a new poll shows that, by 65% to 35%, people oppose a second referendum. (ComRes/Express) 
'A glorious view awaits' Boris hails one year countdown to 'UNSTOPPABLE' Brexit  
EXPRESS : One year to Brexit #tomorrowspaperstoday 
Seven in ten British adults (68%) say those who voted against Brexit should ‘respect the will of the majority’ @ComRes survey on behalf of @Daily_Express  #Brexit 
What's forgotten in this mind-numbing row is that the Remain campaign was not Stronger In. It was 10 Downing Street which mobilised every resource, called in all its favours (Obama, WTO), got corporates to plant stories and abused purdah. So fuck off about "fairness". #Brexit 
It looks likely that both Conservative and Labour will try to force hard brexit through without a #finalsay or #optiontoremain.How do we respond?Thread for discussion! #waton #fbpe #stopbrexit 
Incredible! Why is Blair still allowed to be a Labour Party member? Can somebody flag this as a complaint worthy of NEC investigation?Tony Blair tells Tories to block Brexit if they want to avoid Corbyn government - 
Keir Starmer has moved to reassure anxious Labour MPs that the shadow cabinet is prepared to vote against the government’s Brexit deal   
This is how they roll.A friend in the media creates a fictitious story about Labour's position on Brexit, teeing up a self-righteous condemnation of Labour's non-position.Transparent and contemptible.  
'The BeLeave scandal means we must have a second referendum, otherwise we're no better than the Russians'  
It's just ridiculous. How can we possibly have got to a situation in which the person responsible for negotiating Brexit doesn't even undersand the basics of how the process works?  
Every time a politician or right-wing rag invokes the "Will of the People" as a mandate for #Brexit we should remind them that shortly after a Nazi referendum victory in 1933 Goebbels said: "The will of the people is the will of the government and vice versa".#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Struggling with the referendum legality thing?Lance Armstrong was stripped of 7 Tour de France titles because he doped. He broke the rules.Would he have won without doping? We don’t know. We don’t even try to know.Same with the referendum. Break the rules, result is void.  
Brexiters: “Don’t argue against Brexit! It’s anti-democratic! Respect democracy! Why do you hate democracy?! It was a democratic vote! Democratic! Democracy!”*looks like Vote Leave broke rules for a democratic vote*Brexiters:  
Just bear in mind this referendum is about rights for women that are currently denied to them. It should not be used as a stick to beat the government. It is far more important than that. #repealthe8th 
Will we know if the Leave campaign broke the law? Yes, probably.Will we know if that was enough to change the result? No, and we should not try.We need to know: was the law - that’s in place to organise a free and fair vote - respected? If not, then a re-run. Simple. #Brexit 
Blair: Labour MPs must be prepared to defy Corbyn on Brexit (and oppose Tories).Corbynites: Bloody Blair! Bloody Blairites! Bloody Red Tories!Logic:   
NB: If you see anyone having a go at this guy for voting in error and regretting his Leave vote, tag me in.I got involved in Brexit precisely BECAUSE I saw Cameron failing to give us proper facts. So let's not pretend we were all fully informed. 
Also I am relaxed about all of this. If Remain broke the law in the referendum, it ought to be tried too. I have no problem defending the law of a free and fair election, whatever the result was.  
Alas Stella you still haven’t figured why you lost the referendum & prefer weird conspiracies  
In advance of tomorrow’s phoney anniversary process stories, some good sense from Richard. Absolutely nothing in brexit is inevitable, there are plenty things to happen yet. Scotland voted for Europe   
In summary, the reason voters came to believe #Brexit lies was not:1. Politicians telling them lies;2. Newspapers telling them lies;3. Campaign posters telling them lies; or4. Lies in memes targetted at them or circulated by trolls.It was something else. Something unknowable 
Keir Starmer says Labour is prepared to vote down Brexit bill  
Still asking this. Everyone bar one says no. The one hasn’t yet shared a source.If he hasn’t said anything it is worrying from a leader who is meant to stand for the many, not the few who abused the referendum process  
EU official: "The European Space Agency has been told to make plans as if UK is not in the programme any longer. These are the instructions that have to be followed". Brexit is now isolating UK from space as well as earth. Fab. #RenewAndRemain 
Campaigners for Brexit are already calling it “Independence Day”: exactly a year tomorrow is the moment Britain formally leaves the European Union.  
How much is Soros funding to stop brexit? Gina Miller in 2017 joins 'soft Brexit' campaign UK-EU Open Policy Ltd. Also on the board is Sir Clive Cowdery, Anatole Kaletsky and Stephen Peel who all sit on the board of George Soros foundations  
Why does Brexit fan Andrew Marr take every oppotunity on his BBC show to say how well the UK economy is doing? #Marr #BBCbias 
I think the time is approaching @ChukaUmunna where it's necessary to consider what you will do if Corbyn decides he wants to lead you all hand in hand with May into a dodgy #brexit dealMoments like this define our country, & those who serve as it's elected representatives.  
Hey #BBCnews, 11 Brexit promises broken, dodgy tampering with referendum, ministers telling risible lies on camera, a hundred thousand people out on the streets demonstrating. Time to start reporting some news. 
What I learnt today: #1 tamper with a cricket ball  and her suspended for 12 months#2 tamper with a referendum  and you get a job in the cabinet 
John Woodcock:Supports pissing £100bn up the wall on TridentSupports flogging arms to Saudi head-choppersSupports children dying of cholera in YemenSupports Turkey bombing KurdsSupports the military-industrial complexHowever, he opposes Brexit, so all is forgiven. 
This is where London's bankers are moving after Brexit  
I loved Labour’s GE2017 manifesto (minus the Brexit). It was bold & I believe in public model for core services.I loathe Brexit because it’s antithetical to international solidarity, collaboration, group decision-making, shared policy, etc... AND Brexit extends austerity. 
"If we don’t stop Brexit, we will become a twilight zone on the edge of Europe and anyone who can leave will leave."  
WATCH: Tony Blair urges Labour MPs to defy Jeremy Corbyn over Brexit in critical votes - An @Independent exclusive 
Christopher Wylie, the Cambridge Analytica whistle-blower, testified that the outcome of the Brexit vote may well have been different if not for “cheating” that involved a Canadian data firm closely tied to Cambridge Analytica.  
What she says in response patently fails to address what is being claimed. Those claims probably aren't yet quite enough to discredit the Referendum result, but they aren't going to be disposed of by May's usual stonewalling either.  
With the major 11 Brexit promises broken, it's not the same Brexit that people voted for. How is it even legal for the Government to go ahead with it? 
The BBC think that Brexit is a done deal, is inevitable, and therefore must be reported in a positive light.(That's the charitable interpretation.)But it's none of those things. It's the single most controversial policy ever to hit the UK, and the battle rages on. 
I will be on BBC 1 Breakfast tomorrow morning between 8.30 and 9.15am, maybe around 8.40am.My voice will be one out of the3million other voices living in limbo due to the uncertainty of #Brexit and #citizensrights.Without no doubts, you can find storie… 
If you think that bent referendum was “democratic” it rather explains why you were such an outstounding flop as a Lord Chief Justice. 
And a decent leader too. The Guardian view on Brexit: now is the time to change course | Editorial  
Would that be the same Priti Patel who lied to Curry House owners, saying Brexit would make it easier to hire South East Asian chefs?#BrexitGate 
U.K. citizens won’t be able to take their digital subscriptions, such as BBC iPlayer or Netflix, with them on holiday in the EU after Brexit, nor benefit from other EU rules on copyright  
Do you believe the 10% overspending by Leave was a major factor in them achieving a 1.9% swing victory in the EU referendum? 
What I don't understand is why this guy, probably the best Brexit writer around, doesn't have a byline in a major newspaper.  
11 Brexit promises that backfired. Surely, by now the govt must realise that #Brexit is seriously stupid, near impossible & will be extremely damaging to Britain? And yet they persist so one can only conclude that the govt is seriously stupid. 
SMR: Well, it's just been announced that Brexit was 'won' not only on a lie, but was a criminally fought 'campaign' too! And what gets all the news? Some cricketers messing about with their balls ....that's what! Listen to this and wise up:  … 
*Voted Brexit*  
The first rule of gambling isn’t about odds or what you might win: it isn’t about form or pundits or conditions... The first rule of gambling is you don’t play if you can’t afford to lose. Brexit is undeniably a gamble and it’s one we can’t afford to go badly. It must be stopped. 
The Brexodus from London begins, with 1,000+ people due to move to Frankfurt by the end of next month  
Is this really what we've come to @Keir_Starmer - Whip MP's to trigger A50 without assurances- Sack pro-European MP's of conscience- Overrule Conference Policy- Block Party Members from Policy making- Vote for a devastating Tory BrexitIt's not opposition, it's submission  
Our ad campaign that we launched today: Whether we voted leave, remain or not at all - we all deserve to know 'what Brexit means'  
Thank you everyone for all your words of support. I hope I continue to do you proud in the next year whilst we continue to fight this #Brexit madness and save the country we love!  I couldn't have done it without you guys! #EUsupergirl 
Ireland will hold a referendum on May 25 on whether abortion should be legalized  
Prof Grayling believes that one of two things would "inevitably" happen - that Brexit would be stopped or eventually reversed.  
So that hastily plastered facade? It’s finally well and truly falling off.  Emily Thornberry: Labour will “probably” vote for the Conservatives’ Brexit deal  
In a few days, 3 members of Shadow Cabinet have failed to follow the Brexit script @Keir_Starmer @jeremycorbynWhen the sackable offence is being pro-European, when it's speaking up for the country & the vast majority of Labour members, we're in trouble. 
Does UK state have the data potential to rig every future election and referendum? Time surely for the @scotgov to *insist* on the devolution of broadcasting. 
Frankfurt is the big winner in the battle for Brexit bankers  
Nicola Jennings on one year until Brexit – political cartoon gallery in Putney  
This is the Brexit bottom line. We will lose our FOM to EU 27 and the Tories will nor reduce immigration to UK at all. We will have given up our citizenship rights and freedoms to appease xenophobes who will never even realise they have been stitched up.  
The EU have proven their loyalty to the UK recently in no uncertain terms !!..It is the UK government that have shown their disloyalty to both the EU and the Citizens of the UK with their selfish BREXIT MADNESS !! #FBPE #StopBrexit #StopTories #ABTV 
“I won Brexit, I won Brexit.” A preview of my exchange with Paul Nuttall on one of his rare trips to Brussels, where I asked him whether he’s worth his £80,000 salary to be an MEP despite a voting record of 42% - the 4th worst in the whole EU. He says he’s “worth every penny.”  
Well has the @duponline finally woke up? Migrant workers feel unwanted & unwelcome & leaving in droves. Because of DUP Brexiteers - they have no security of status - nothing to do with Eastern European economic growth & everything to do with #BrexitNorth NEEDS #specialstatus 
If true this would be quite incredible as Labour would effectively be supporting a Brexit without any idea what the final deal will look like.   
"It [Brexit] is regarded with incredulity by our friends and allies, and with glee by our enemies." 
"So we have a policy that at least half the country, & most parliamentarians, think is a mistake or worse being prosecuted with a level of ineptitude without parallel in modern British political history"@chrisgreybrexit cements his reputation as one of the great Brexit bloggers  
Nicola Jennings on one year until Brexit – cartoon  
'Brexodus' postponed and London city stations getting quiet. Reuters tracks #Brexit  via @ReutersTV See the full report  
I feel stupidly helpless and desperate today about just, like... The world.So I've made damn sure I'm home for the referendum in May. I'm coming home from tour in the UK and flying back out the evening of the 25th for my gig in Edinburgh.We're winning this round. #repealthe8th 
Was this on the Referendum?Don't think it was.Bye bye free healthcare, hello private health insurance.Bet those health Insurance companies are popping champagne corks! #leaver #remainer #stopbrexit 
If there are any #Leave voters still clinging on to their noxious dream Brexit and claiming that they were not lied to, here are 11 #Brexit promises the government quietly dropped.#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Read, rage, RT to all Leavers. And then think what constructive action you can take. Only by us campaigning, funding, marching and lobbying MPs can we stop this nightmare which is so pointless: 11 Brexit promises the government quietly dropped  
Ireland will hold a referendum on May 25 on whether abortion should be legalized  
Brussels NIGHTMARE: EU to raid €56BILLION fund to plug Brexit blackhole  
I have been a strong Corbyn supporter -- e.g. see But I have totally lost patience with him now. An opposition that KNOWS Brexit is a disaster but won't oppose it is literally no use at all. 
We have run out of time. If you want to #Remain we have only one way to have our voices heard. Vote for an anti Brexit party. You can not vote labour or Tory, who are both intent on delivering Brexit. We can send a HUGE message with #ABTV. But we have to stand together 
THIS IS TARGETING HATEBy FRAUD. VICIOUS LIARS INSISTING HATEEXAMPLES OF THEIR FILTHATTACKS DOXING THREATSHave Been REPORTED for YEARS. NOTHING DONEOr FAIR NO #FreeSpeechFOR @TRobinsonNewEra or#Conservatives @POTUSYou are We are #Tommy#Brexit   
I know we can do this! We can win this referendum says @ailbhes #together4yes #CorkSaysYes 
Boris Johnson attending a racist campaign launch is entirely consistent with the virulent campaign of right-wing xenophobia that won Leave its narrow referendum victory. #StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
A year into Article 50, unreality permeates Brexit. My latest blog post just up:  h/t @jonlis1 @SophiaBesch 
Have to confess to being quite emotional as date for referendum is announced. On 25 May we decide how we want to treat women in Ireland. If you are wavering or unsure, please talk to us. If you are committed to repeal, please campaign. The chance may not come our way again. 
I've been a labour supporter for 30 years, I come from a line of Labour supporters/unionists. And nodding brexit through loses my vote and everyone else I know. 
‘Britain’s post-Brexit immigration rules will not be passed until key negotiations with the EU have ended, despite growing concern about migration uncertainty.’What an outrageous farce!  
What a stupid woman Miller is. Today she is screaming for a second referendum vote for reasons I can´t even be bothered to read about. It really is time for this immigrant to shut up and let this country get on with dealing with the result of its democratic vote. 
The Guardian view on Brexit: now is the time to change course | Editorial  
German MEP Hans-Olaf Henkel has blamed Merkel and Juncker for #Brexit and branded the open door migration policy ‘a huge mistake’. Expect to see the Eurosceptic surge sweeping the continent to continue.  
I’m fed up with the one year to Brexit litany. There is nothing inevitable about a 12-month march to a British-built gallows. Labour and sensible Tories should fight to do the best for U.K. and to stay in EU 
The last poll had Yes on 48%.  If anyone in the SNP leadership is waiting for a better platform than that, they have completely unrealistic expectations.  The idea that we're going to *start* the next referendum campaign with 60% Yes is utter fantasy. 
Labour have stupidly boxed themselves in with Brexit.If they vote with the Tories they will vote BrexitIf they vote against, we will Hard Brexit which is disaster.My money is on abstention. A better leader would have ended this charade.Another leader would have wanted to. 
I will not vote for a party that supports Tory power grab brexit.I will not vote Labour in May.I will not vote Labour in a GE until they oppose.#StopBrexit 
It's the job of the Opposition to hold the Government to account, not to write them a blank cheque for Brexit. The public will rightly take a very dim view if Labour votes for a Brexit that will cost jobs, damage living standards + leave our public services with less investment.  
When the marriage referendum happened I was a closeted 17 bisexual boy who went to an all boys school. For months, I had to hear people I respected and cared about debate whether I should potentially be allowed to marry someone I love one day. 
An article in The Guardian suggests that we have dropped 11 Brexit promises. This is NOT TRUE.By my reckoning it's at least 28. 
Brexiteer complains Brexit could cause problems...  
Ireland will hold a May 25 referendum on whether abortion should be legalized  
Hard to see how an agreement the PM & Brexit sec admit does not deliver the exact same benefits satisfies a test about whether it delivers the exact same benefits. 
4 news outlets, including BBC, reporting that Emily Thornberry said “Labour will probably vote” for Theresa May’s Brexit Deal. • Emily did not say that • Emily does not think that• It is not Labour’s position 
I will be on @BBCBreakfast tomorrow morning between 8.30 and 9.15am.My voice will be one out of @The3Million other voices living #InLimbo due to the uncertainty of #Brexit and #citizensrights.21months have passed and we are still in the dark.It's time to put #PeopleB4Politics. 
This is, in part, why I wrote the piece which led to my sacking last week. We are in danger of sleepwalking into supporting the Tories Brexit debacle. If the deal doesn’t meet Labour’s tests we MUST oppose it. And refuse to accept that simply means we fall out on WTO terms.  
Chuka Umunna says Thornberry's suggestion that Labour will accept the Tories' Brexit deal is "extraordinary and unacceptable".  
'Get on with your life!' Furious Briton DEMANDS Remainers finally ACCEPT the Brexit vote   
People aren't even surprised anymore to hear that Brexit won't be delivering on its promises... 
Why's Brexit relevant to students?Being able to go to any University in 28 countries without restrictionErasmus AND the ability to actually use it by living abroad afterEU funding universities. Kind of important to students when lecturers are striking over pay 
BANNED#Britainfirst #PATRIOT #Brexit @TRobinsonNewEra @POTUS #TRUMP WILL YOUNEXT #Brexiteers #TrumpersWE MUST BAN TOGETHER ARE#FreeSpeech  #Sovereignty NEVER SURRENDER 
Here's a list of 11 Brexit promises the government quietly dropped:  Now we know more, it is essential we are given a vote on the final deal. This is democracy in action. #RenewUK #BrokenBrexitPromise #FinalSay #RemainerNow 
If electoral spending didn't effect elections, nobody would do it.So illegal Leave spending obviously affected the referendum.And that makes the outcome illigitimate.If Leavers love democracy and are confident they can win FAIRLY, they'll back a #SecondReferendum 
“It’s like a parliamentary election. Whoever wins that election you put up with it because that’s a democratic vote, and that’s what this one was." #Brexit  
With May refusing to so much as acknowledge that the referendum result was impacted by illegal activity it's clear #Brexit has finally broken Britain. 
The promised sunlit uplands never survived the Brexit Referendum result and were a deliberate ploy to dupe UK public to vote Leave. Sadly some of the electorate fell for it and will be very disappointed by the outcome. In the meantime millions of Remainers suffer the consequences  
The Irish government has announced it will hold the referendum on whether to liberalise abortion laws on Friday 25 May 
11 Brexit promises. So, payments to the EU will be made by the UK until at least 2064! Our younger generation will have ensured we have re-joined by then anyway. Hope all those who voted for #Brexit now realise they have egg on their faces. 
It shouldn’t be so complicated. The most democratic solution is simple: We deserve a say on the final Brexit deal. Join mine and @BestforBritain's campaign today. 
I look forward to hearing from other Labour MPs on the subject of their probable acceptance of Brexit terms offered to them by Theresa May.  
#HomeToVote is great but this is mad every time we have a referendum. So many people who won't have a say in this because we don't have an #emigrantvote. 
Call me old fashioned, but isn't it sort of the job of the Official Opposition to actually oppose things the Government is doing? The clue is in the name. If accurate, this is a total betrayal of the vast majority of Labour supporters who think Brexit is a terrible idea.  
So, the #EU has today announced that it wants the ability to deploy troops.  Move along, nothing to see.  Viva #Brexit 
The Dangers of a Skeleton #Brexit - settling nothing until after we’ve left: 
Revealed - the links between the Vote Leave 'whistleblower' and the anti-Brexit campaign Best for Britain, originally founded by Gina Miller  
Reed-Mogg fails to realise that Brexit *is* the Suez of this generation. 
As I always expected, Labour will spin their six tests to support the Brexit deal that will not in any shape or form deliver the exact same benefits. Prepare for some jaw-dropping linguistic gymnastics from this bunch of snake oil salesmen.  
Reported @EmilyThornberry said May's #Brexit deal will 'probably' meet Labour's six tests. Must be a misunderstanding. Test 2 is impossible to meet without full SM & CU membership, May has ruled both out. Great if you can confirm Emily and let's nip this story in the bud. pic.twitter.com/WSYSeuyQeD 
The Tories obsession with holding their party together, taking us out of the Single Market & Customs Union is crippling our economy. Unilever’s relocation to the Netherlands demonstrates how vulnerable the UK is with #Brexit. The EU protects British firms, jobs and tax revenues. 
Henry VIII: The Original Brexit 
If the SNP held an illegal referendum then they would deserve all that they got.It's worth noting that Natalie McGarry and Mark McDonald passed the SNP vetting process.Michael Stewart failed it.  
You want to stop Brexit? Don't vote Labour or Conservative in the local elections for a start.  Kick them where it hurts. Pass it on. 
Referendum to repeal the 8th Amendment will take place on Friday, 25th May. The people will have their say 
Just announced  #8thAmendment #Referendum 
Silly men. They picked the wrong target. If they'd tampered with the Brexit referendum instead they'd have got off scot free...might even have been promoted into the government! Cheats never prosper...except in Brexit Britain. #FinalSay 
Another #Brexit blow. Looks like we could lose free healthcare in the EU.  
'Is the EU trying to make Brexit impossible?' FURIOUS British MEP rips into Commission  
Poland has managed to lower the age of its citizens to receive their state pension to 60very low immigrationThe UK has now raised its age to 67Mass uncontrolled immigrationTheres a definate linkWe are being mugged on a daily basis to fund multiculturalism#brexit 
#BREAKING Ireland to hold referendum on legalising abortion on May 25, says government 
If Labour frontbench were to facilitate a hard #Brexit they would own the economic damage and austerity that surely follows in its wake - so I’d be astonished if this was the frontbench position...I’m sure @EmilyThornberry will want to correct this mistaken impression. 
The referendum for repealing the Eighth Amendment has been set for Friday, 25 May. Polls will open from 7am - 10pm. Channel your feelings from today into something that will make some seriously badly needed changes. 
Wow...This is amazing - the 11 major #Brexit promises the govt guarnateed before - & what govt has agreed now...Apparentally "we all knew what we voted for" but simultaneously Brexit now looks very different to that the Govt promssed just months ago. 
Eighth Amendment: @MurphyEoghan confirms referendum will take place on 25 May  
If @UKLabour support this shabby criminally inspired #brexit then they can forget about my vote and I'll take great pleasure in the ritual burning of my membership card. 
Could I ask a rare favour of my #FBPE friends? Please RT this to @EmilyThornberry - I am a member of the Labour party, I utterly oppose any Blank Cheque Brexit being passed by parliament and will immediately leave the party and vote against a party that does so. Please share.  
You need to check on what a “democracy” is. It isn’t Parliament being denied a meaningful vote on Brexit when facts emerge that not only did the “Leave” campaign lie to the electorate and employ dirty tricks but it probably did so illegally. #StopBrexit 
Government confirms the referendum on the Eighth Amendment will be held on Friday 25 May 
I’ve just signed the order for polling day on the referendum on repealing the 8th amendment to the constitution and allowing the Oireachtas to legislate in this area - polling will take place on Friday the 25th of May.  
#BREAKING Eighth Amendment referendum to be held on May 25th:  
IT'S OFFICIAL! A referendum to repeal the Eighth Amendment will take place on May 25th, 2018.Who’s coming #HomeToVote? Check the register then book your flights home or join us for Get the Boat to Vote! #Together4Yes 
Remembering the good old days, when my loving #Fanboy Dominic Cummings thought there was a "strong democratic case" for a referendum on the final deal. pic.twitter.com/k8Shrdazx2 
As the economic cost of Brexit continues to bite, with sluggish wages, slow growth and high inflation, and a huge divorce bill in return for a worse relationship with the EU, we are all entitled to ask whether this is the right path for the country. 
Scroll down for some positive #Brexit news!!.....................................Keep going...........................................What, you didn't seriously expect to see some did you? #StopBrexit 
'Brexit will be such a SUCCESS that rest of EU will FOLLOW us' Cornish fisherman tells BBC  
With the Tories in disarray over Brexit, surely time for all sides of @UKLabour to unite against the real enemy: people who complain about anti-Semitism. 
There it is. The bill to hold a referendum to #repealthe8th has passed the Seanad.#8thref will be on the 25th of May.Book your travel. Tell your friends. We're #Together4Yes and we're coming #hometovote! 
If this is true @EmilyThornberry then you are betraying many Labour voters who expect their (& my) party to look after their interests. You *cannot* vote for a Blank Cheque Brexit for the Tories to fill in afterwards. 
Seen this people? It's not about leave or remain, it's about democracy. We should all be angry, we should all be demanding answers.#StopBrexit#Brexit  
I've said it once and I will say it again: Corbyn will three-line-whip his MPs to vote for May's Brexit deal this Autumn, no matter how catastrophic it will be for working people, the NHS and all public services.  
So @UKLabour will vote for a Tory Brexit? All the Remainers who lent their votes to them last year please note! Also remember this in May!!  
"Baby boomers in their financial safety (triple locked pensions, properties that are owned outright) can afford to take a financial hit through Brexit. They are gambling with other people’s fortunes..." 
This is significant: Emily Thornberry suggests Labour will likely vote for the Brexit deal and so it will easily pass.  
An historic day - the Referendum Bill has just passed all stages in the Oireachtas & there will finally be a Referendum on the 8th Amendment.Irish citizens living abroad who wish to vote - book your flights - we have a date - Friday the 25th May 2018!#8thref #togetherforyes 
Referendum Bill has now passed all stages in Seanad Eireann. Date for referendum can now be formally set. @MurphyEoghan & I will make an announcement at 4.30pm 
The Bill to hold a referendum on the Eighth Amendment has passed all stages in the Seanad. It passed by a majority of 40 to 10. 
If we want to BEAT 'brexit', we have to make 'Remaining' A BETTER DEAL THAN ANY ACHIEVABLE BREXIT !SO,1. The Chancellor is putting aside £12 Billion per Year, for his 'Brexit Resilience Fund'NO !'REMAIN' - And GIVE IT TO THE NHS !  -  THAT'S £250 Million PER WEEK ! 
SHARE the FACTS: We can't let desperate remainers smear the leave campaign and undermine the 17.4 million people who voted for Brexit!Then JOIN the FIGHTBACK:  
It’s done. Seanad backs #8thRef by 40 votes to 10.That’s it; no more votes, no more government or parliamentary discussions... there’s going to be a referendum, date of which will be confirmed as May 25th within the hour  
The similarities between Brexit &  2016 Election grow each day Wiley makes the excellent point - cheating is cheating - it will always change an outcome - there should be zero tolerance for it in free elections #WednesdayWisdom#CambridgeAnalytica 
Conservative voters agree with ex-PM Major that the people, not party whips, should have a vote on final #Brexit deal, with 42.8% to 33.6% in favour of such a vote, according to poll of Tory voters held by Survation. Surely @theresa_may has to listen to her supporters! 
Citizens from Everywhere: Meet the people who are fighting to give us a vote on Brexit  
Strange silence in UK after #EUCO guidelines on future relationship post #Brexit. Why?1) No difference seen between PM’s Mansion speech concept of mutual recognition and EU-FTA? 2) Or concepts way too different?3) Not the right moment to talk?EU awaiting UK response... 
Christopher Wylie, the Cambridge Analytica whistle-blower, contends that data-mining swung Brexit referendum—“a different outcome of the referendum had there not been cheating” 
Yet more terrible Brexit news pouring in: Bank of England says Britain’s manufacturers plan to step up investment as factories operate near capacity - when will this Brexpocalypse end?!  
Sadiq Khan's report surveying health professionals and patients in London is revealing new negative impacts of Brexit on health.  Today: Social care in the capital, of which 13% of staff hail from the EU - faces a near insurmountable recruitment crisis.  
NEW: Dominic Cummings dismantles Walter Mitty whistleblower Christopher Wylie's central claim that Vote Leave used Cambridge Analytica's Facebook data in the referendum  pic.twitter.com/TPu3IHFTxI 
Dear @CarolineLucas I know how much you want transparency in our democracy. So I look forward to you backing @patel4witham in her calls for whistle-blowers behind Brexit cheating allegations to reveal the backers paying their expensive legal bills. We have a right to know! 
BREXIT: Caroline Lucas vows 'I won't be silenced' after Tories shout down Cambridge Analytica question /#EU #Brexit  
Dear @BBCNews All your trails for tomorrow's #Brexit one year to go special assume a done deal. There's no deal yet & Parliament hasn't voted on one. Also #CustomsUnion & #singleMarket amendments to come. Don't want you to risk egg on faces #brexitshambles 
Brexit and the City - the real estate agent's view  
11 Brexit promises the government quietly dropped Government scores 0 out of 11. Were they very badly informed or telling porkies all along? 
RINSED: Merkel and Juncker helped cause Brexit, says German MEP @HansOlafHenkel.He's also said Merkel's migrant madness was 'a huge mistake'. 
Christopher Wylie, the Cambridge Analytica whistle-blower, testified that the outcome of the Brexit vote may well have been different if not for “cheating” that involved a Canadian data firm closely tied to Cambridge Analytica.  
The Remain side had the advantage of having the government machine – and £9.3 million of public funds on clear campaign literature – on its side. If the referendum was unbalanced, the advantage was with Remain – and yet it still lost.  
The EU tolerated Britain’s inflated self-belief while it was a member, but now it's leaving, British exceptionalism seems to reside only in Brexiters’ heads. The #Brexit talks will come down to plain old national interest — and Britain is outnumbered. 
Why is #Brexit taking sooo long?  
Join us, Shahmir Sanni (@shahmiruk), and Christopher Wylie (@chrisinsilico) tomorrow for a rally in Parliament Square to demand a fair vote on the referendum. This is about more than leave/remain – it's about our democracy. #fairvotenow  
Unless a transition deal for aviation is signed, flights to the EU after March 2019 will be at risk. Prices will inevitably rise post #Brexit but the gvt. must clarify consumer rights and strike an aviation deal as soon as possible or consumers will face post-#Brexit disruption. 
11 Brexit promises the government quietly dropped  
16/ After all if Brexit is truly about taking control of our laws, why is Government doing its best to control who controls the law? It seems to be the exact opposite of what it claims it's Brexit mandate to be. 
On the still unresolved Brexit issues for @BritishInEurope by @lisaocarroll - including some comments from me - 
There was always going to be another referendum. There will be another referendum. All indications are that there will be a new referendum in September 2018. | Lose the plot  via @BerthanPete #Referendum2018 
A.C. Grayling: We were conned.. and now we need a new referendum  
The Lords EU Home Affairs committee reports that Europe wide health insurance will end after Brexit.  Why?  Gov't hasn't made a deal on it.  The details of Brexit are still unclear.  
The government, Labour and the BBC are just time-wasting now, trying to drag it out until the final whistle.They know their position on Brexit is untenable. But they believe that can frustrate the real opposition long enough to get it over the line.Over the edge, I mean. 
Lack of accountability has always been the problem with referendum. But now seems to be big split within Remain camp on this issue - just seen Adonis “leave it be and fight this year’s battles”. Despair. 
'Crimes' committed by Brexit campaigners? One extraordinary coincidence offers a new clue | openDemocracy  
'Brexit will kill fishing' John Prescott blames 'GREEDY' fishermen for DECLINING industry. As Usual more bluster than facts!  
Priti Patel calls for whistle-blowers behind Brexit cheating allegations to reveal the shadowy backers paying their expensive legal bills:  
Cambridge Analytica whistleblower: Vote Leave mutilated UK constitution by cheating to Brexit victory  
The good news: Brits will be able to watch their BBC iPlayer and Netflix subscriptions in the EU after Sunday.The Bad news: Brits won't be able to watch their BBC iPlayer and Netflix subscriptions in the EU after Brexit. 
I couldn't agree more (and I'm ex staff, as was my father back in the 1950s and 1960s). I think the BBC is one of the most important institions we have, but it really has let itself down very badly over #Brexit.  
Labour’s @EmilyThornberry predicts UK and EU by Autumn will only be able to agree a “blah blah blah divorce “ without any proper decisions made. But she says this divorce  probably will meet Labour’s 6 tests, and so Brexit vote will pass. #Chatham House 
Couldn’t Put It Better Myself 
Trump is a kidney stone the size of a grapefruit. Acutely painful but will pass.Brexit is a lifelong case of drug-resistant TB. We'll gradually all suffer and cough our way into a miserable grave making everyone around us sick as well. 
Even Greg Clark admits the Gov't has not made a "specific agreement" on Copernicus.  A combination of Brexit and the inability to handle the complexity of the Brexit deal means Brexiteers put us on the outside, looking in.  
The U.K. is insinuating that after Brexit it would trade with the world except probably North Korea and an independent Scotland. Tell that to English supermarkets and insurance companies!  If they can control us the threaten us!  End it now #ScotRef 
.@AmateyDoku has called for a National Demonstration whenever Parliament has its Meaningful Vote. Great idea! It's about time the @nusuk stepped up, and fought against Brexit with @OFOCBrexit and @FFSake_ ! 
BREXIT CHAOS: Britain set to lose the right to urgent healthcare in the EU after Brexit /#EU #Brexit #HealthCare  
Gina Miller tells @bbc5live: "My feeling very strongly is that we have to move forward and not go backwards" while calling for a second referendum. Errrr 
Looking at this sky data poll you might ask yourself why the hell is #brexit still going ahead. Will brexit be good for the economy?UK: 36% say yes 48% say no.Scotland: 25% say yes60% say no#StopBrexit #FBPE 
I was just wondering how the Constitutional Research Council came to contact the DUP regarding donating to your Brexit campaign? Was the Constitutional Research Council referred to you by members of Vote Leave campaign? @J_Donaldson_MP 
Our Chair @ChukaUmunna goes inside the new GCG HQ and talks to some of the campaign groups fighting to give you a vote on the Brexit deal. @Open_Britain @Scientists4EU @OFOCBrexit @HealthierIn 
Isn't it amazing that the same State (Florida) of the Parkland school massacre, just gave felons the right to vote? Let's just hope the school security isn't a referendum in the upcoming elections.  #WednesdayWisdom 
Parliament enacted the laws on referendum spending because Parliament believed that, without them, the vote would be unfair. It may not matter to Theresa May if the referendum was unfair. But it will matter to Parliament.  
If you believe in democracy, you ought to have no objection to respecting it by agreeing that the #willofthepeople deserves to be tested once we know the actual facts of the Brexit deal, as opposed to the dishonest promises made in 2016  
There's something especially rotten going on when an MP - who ought to comprehend the meaning of Parliamentary Democracy - claims that a narrow margin in an advisory referendum, acted upon without reference to Parliament, resembles anything remotely 'democratic'. 
Madeleina Kay has WON this award for 2018: Young European of the year.   Please interview her and get it ALL OVER the press and force the Brexit Broadcasting Corporation to cover it, ITV, C4, Sky, ....   Come on guys.  
Young farmer Matt says Govt should increase investment for young people entering agriculture post-Brexit #SpeakUpForFarming 
They also wanted to know if @BylineFest believes in a second #Brext referendum. Ha! As if 3000 visitors and 400 speakers and performers last year could be pinned down to one view (as they can at the Telegraph of course) 
Theresa May questioned over 'shady' links between Brexit campaign and data mining firm at heart of Facebook scandal  
“In a year, this week, we will out of the EU” @bbclaurak to @afneil “In both parties, there are politicians now talking about that post-Brexit landscape” as they look at spending plans #bbcdp 
There comes a point when your assertion that the referendum result was "Democratic" in the face of overwhelming evidence to the contrary that you begin to sound deranged. 
We never had a democratic referendum. Uk residents in the Eu disenfranchised.Uk Tax paying Eu citizens from outside uk disenfranchised.Corrupted leave campaigns based on lies and targeted disinformationTory led Remain campaign...Ref act passed as Advisory#stopbrexit#FBPE 
Spain is a plural place. Around 80% of the people of Catalonia wants a self-determination referendum in the region and the Spanish government(s) systematically ignore this claim.  
Nothing, absolutely NOTHING this Tory government does would surprise me!!!Russian Ambassador SHOCK claim: UK using poison attack to 'DIVERT' focus from Brexit  
The hard right is on the march and they’re carrying the banners of Brexit (Guardian today).  
The Cambridge Analytica scandal is huge.  Senior Tories are involved and it potentially goes very deep and wideA competent Opposition could bring down the government with thisOf course it would probably also end #Brexit so I suppose the price is too high for Corbyn 
#Brexit and bedrooms don't mix... The English At Love, by Gerald McKnight. Four Square, 1967.  
The question is why is James O'Brien not debating those he dismisses as a "Corbyn cult" on the basic of policy. For example why not debate with "Corbyn cultists" on the issue of Brexit & the disagreements he has with them on the topic. Politics is about policy. Never forget that 
There's nearly a year to go until the UK leaves the EU.Confused by #Brexit jargon? See our guide here   
'What if spaghetti’s illegal?' Philomena Cunk breaks down Brexit  
Caroline Lucas talking to a brick wall, the PM merely confirming that lying cheating and dishonesty won't change the outcome.Probably why I won't vote for any pro Brexit candidate.#FBPE 
Watching PMQ's I notice how many MP's chose ignore their constituents democratic vote of Brexit  do they actually think they would be in the house if it were'nt for their constituents they're a disgrace to their voters 
This is much bigger than the #Brexit vote.  It goes to the heart of confidence in our democratic processes.  That’s why our analogue  electoral laws need updating to deal with the digital age  
PM asked the "shady business of data-mining" in EU referendum campaign in #PMQs question from @IanBlackfordMP "If there are allegations of criminal activity that should be taken to the police" @theresa_may and breaches of campaign spending or rules to the Electoral Commission 
Want to help refugees?  Want to avoid provoking the kind of political backlash that has led to Brexit, Trump and European populists?  Here's how:  
Huge congratulations  to our friend, and YEM ambassador, Madeleina Kay - #YoungEuropeanoftheYear 2018! Join Madeleina, and YEM, in the fightback against Brexit today!  
Caroline Lucas claiming something rotten in our democracy. There's something rotten in seeking to overturn the democratic referendum result. #letsgetonwithit #pmqs 
PM on Cambridge Analytica scandal and allegations of rule breaking by the Leave campaign: “If anyone is suggesting these claims call into question the referendum, I say to them that the referendum was held, the vote was taken and we will be delivering on it.” #PMQs #Brexit 
The latest What the Fatah!!  Thanks to @ShefVaidya @authorAneesh @REnlightenment #brexit #rajyasabha 
Another @theSNP question on EU referendum funding. Alan Brown says Vote Leave ministers caught red-handed using immoral data mining techniques 
You can be Pro Corbyn and anti-brexit at the same time. It's a compromise looking at likely outcomes. Surely the safer bet a Labour brexit with parliamentary vote on final outcome than another  Conservative government steering the ship? 
Ian Blackford asks if Theresa May believes all allegations of improper spending during the EU referendum must be investigated  
Another week goes by, another failed PMQ’s. Corbyn still hasn’t mentioned Brexit, Cambridge Analytica or the illegal overspending by VoteLeave. Almost as if he thinks these matters aren’t important! #PMQs 
(Of course, that's not a statement about all Brexit voters. They only needed to reach 4%) 
SNP’s Blackford points to the DUP’s donations and payments to “Aggregate IQ” during EU referendum- this the subject of some of whistleblower Chris Wylie’s testimony on Parliament yesterday... DUP furiously shaking head... 
Leavers always want to conflate the referendum with an election because they know it's helpful to their cause to present Leave vs Remain as two equal choices.It wasn't. The question was: do we take this action? And, when you get right down to it, 63% of people didn't agree. 
I have lots to say on this! BBC, worried about its funding, has decided Brexit is done deal and it should kowtow to Brexit establishment. My friends @bbcnickrobinson & @afneil take this to extreme of disparaging anti-Brexit people on twitter etc. This is serious breach of Charter  
Not featuring in #PMQs today:anything to do with electoral fraud committed by Cambridge Analytica, Vote Leave and BeLeave.Because such undemocratic behaviour might cast a shadow over their precious Brexit  
Former Catalan minister @ClaraPonsati has handed herself over to Scottish police. She faces extradition to Spain for her part in autumn's independence referendum and declaration of independence #catalonia 
The OBR has downgraded UK forecasts for 2021 and 2022, meaning growth will be 1.5% or below for the next five years – far slower than was being forecast pre #Brexit. On top of that we learned we’ll be paying off the divorce bill until 2064. 
Australia Ready on ‘Brexit Day One’ to Begin Work on New UK Trade Deal   
SLOW: Amber Rudd suggests government haven’t yet discussed post-Brexit migration policy. What are they waiting for? The British people voted to end mass migration!  
The British people must not be cheated – Brits don’t cheat! Democracy is a bigger issue than #Brexit and ours must not be undermined. See the evidence yourself at  #FairVoteNow 
When we save the£12 billion per year Brexit bonus  we send to the EU we can spend the money on repairing potholes.Litter, dying town centres, crumbling roads the result odd decades of EU membership.  
That means that all communication is about political adversaries throwing soundbites and leaving listeners angry, confused and mis-informed by non-experts... because these politicians really are non-experts... *no-one* can be expert on top of all Brexit issues - it's too massive. 
Eighteen months ago, the British people were presented with a historic choice. But whether we voted Leave, Remain or not at all - we all deserve to know what Brexit means  
WATCH | Amber Rudd admits that the cabinet still haven't discussed post-Brexit immigration, despite it being the top concern for British voters. Utterly rudderless as always - where's the leadership?Support us at Read more at  
BREAKING: EU Commission publishes paper on consequences of Brexit on copyright  
IMPORTANT: Let #BBCFeedback know what we think about #BBCBrexitBias almost total blackout on any anti or #Stopbrexit opposition, any counter views to #Brexit - a total lack of impartiality #FBPE #FinalSay #GreatNorthernMarch #withEUinspirit #WATON #Remain #remainernow 
BrexitWhen a national Cricket Team cheats the PM condemns them. When a political campaign cheats, it's not her place to comment.#FBPE 
#Brexit: Britons now back #Remain over Leave by 10 points, exclusive poll shows 
My standard reply now to all diehard Leavers spreading Brexit lies.  
Gove, Rees-Mogg & the rest of the vile shower can stuff their calls (or insults) to Remainers like me to unite behind Brexit. The alienation I feel from every aspect and every Brexiter is too profound, existential and permanent. I feel disgust and grief to my core 
"Rather than delay all the manifest opportunities and benefits of Brexit we should get on and seize these in March 2019, not allow ourselves to become an EU client state." @JLongworthLML 
Home Secretary @AmberRuddHR won't commit to the government's own post-Brexit immigration targets.Another broken Brexit promise? #TreatyVote 
Big Ben voiceless as the jackals of bigotry feed on the rotting flesh of fairness. I am concerned at the silence of Mr Davis, the nodding dog of Brexit. Where is he, what Gethsemane hides his befuddled brain? Has Barnier beaten him to death with a banana? Claret for clarity. 
Press release! Merkel’s cabinet has expertise about referendum in Catalonia and must be confronted. RT please! #Catalonia #Puigdemont #FreePuigdemont #FreeCatalanPoliticalPrisoners 
The European Commission is always imposing budgetary orthodoxy on Member States, but will raid the ECB to plug the Brexit-budgethole instead of cutting its own expenditures.  
Watching Sky in Doctor’s waiting room - Adam Boulton in Scotland - never heard so much whingeing! If folk put there best foot forward over BREXIT - we would all be further down the line securing our future! 
If you think cutting spending during a recession makes that recession worse, this would still apply to a recession caused by Brexit. Investing in infrastructure, research and development would grow the economy. So “Brexit austerity” would still be a political choice not necessity 
The notion of “Brexit austerity” - peddled by the same neoliberals in the Labour Party who didn’t want us to oppose austerity for the past 8 years - is economically illiterate scaremongering 
Who footed the bill for the DUP’s Brexit adverts?I’m willing to bet that the answer to your question is revealed long before the answer to mine. 
Prominent leave campaigners are now claiming that they are financially incompetent instead of fraudulent. They also want us to believe their predictions on the economy after Brexit.  
You may be interested to know that the senior civil servant in charge of sorting out the Ireland/Northern Ireland issue post #Brexit at DExEU is leaving after three months in the job. (With thanks to eagle-eyed @tigershuffle.)  
"Legally, nothing prevents Britain, in accordance with its constitutional requirements, from changing its intention & withdrawing A50" JC Piris (frmr DG of EU Council’s Legal Service) is absolutely right that Brexit isn't inevitable. 
Remain’s big problems in the referendum were a hostile media environment and 40 years of British Euroscepticism. Not clear what referendum re-runners plan to fix that is:  
.@TechForUK (tech people fighting Brexit) will be joining the @fairvoteuk rally in Parliament Square this Thursday at 7pm for #FairVoteNow. Afterwards we will be having our first Meetup & Brainstorm. Sign up here! 
Impact of Brexit on women - fascinating overview by @sianushka 
There are 4 ways in which 29 March 2019 won’t necessarily be the #Brexit date:  
There you go folks, "Scottish" Labour have their orders from CorbynScots will be punished by a Brexit they didn't vote forWhich is supported by Labour tho hardly any of their membersBravo chumps  
Univ of Minnesota students pass referendum calling for divestment from companies profiting from Israel’s abuses of Palestinian human rights, from private prisons, immigrant detention centers and corporations violating sovereignty of indigenous communities.  
The economy will be 2% smaller by the end of 2018 because of Brexit @BorisJohnson and the Govts own figures say it will get much worse. These are shameful lies. 
The fabulous @missdianemorgan aka Philomena Cunk manages to sum up Brexit in a way which is humorous, but also chillingly close to the truth!#StopBrexit #WednesdayWisdom @UKLabour @haveigotnews @W_A_T_O_N #FBPE 
Thanks to Jacob #Reesmogg and his "indigenous communities" speech for bringing this strip of mine to life in a way that has never been more obviously clear.#Brexit #Racism 
Brexit will be such a “success” that the rest of the EU member states are going to want to “follow suit”, a Cornish fisherman promised during a BBC interview  
Had a #Leaver telling me that the actions of CA to send a billion targeted social media messages in the run up to the referendum would not have affected the way people voted. The reason? He used to be in advertising and adverts don't work. 
You unprincipled liar, there is no Brexit dividend, diminished tax revenues due to Brexit are far greater than our EU contribution.  
City of London to lose just '5,000 jobs' to EU on Brexit - survey  
“It got boring telling the truth.” #Brexit  
Cunk on Brexit. 
Just to give you some context - the *extra* £455million the Home Office is getting to spend just on #Brexit for this year / last year could pay for over NINE THOUSAND police officers. @Open_Britain (Source:  ) 
'Operation #Novichok' serves NATO, corporate globalists & #EU arms-dealers governments to:√ "Prove" #UK needs EU in war on #Russia:"#Brexit wrong"√ Boost military budgets √ Attack on alt. media, based on Nat Sec.√ Distract focus from #UK bombs in #Yemen & defeat in #Syria 
Just want to make this perfectly clear to the idiots saying referendum result could have been different because of 'cheating'...I voted LEAVE after 40 years of living under EU and forming a balanced opinion, at the first chance I had to voice itNOT because anyone brainwashed me 
Remainers must realise that accusing Vote Leave of “cheating” won’t undo Brexit  
Labour's approach to Brexit - tendentious assertion riding bareback on red unicorns - now galloping through the Upper Chamber too.   
The foundations of Brexit were built with copious amounts of empire delusion. A misplaced imperialistic trait led to Suez, Afghanistan, Iraq and the unnecessary consequences of Brexit. Successive governments since World War II have behaved like it’s the Last Night of the Proms.  
A post-Brexit US-UK trade deal under the Trump administration is "virtually impossible," according to policy groups I spoke to in Washington.  
Delighted to be launching the Government’s new €300m SME Brexit Loan Scheme with @creedcnw & @Paschald at @liffeytrust - a great day! SMEs make up 98.8% of businesses in Ireland, employ 68% of the workforce & generate over half our State’s turnover. @SBCIreland @EIB @eurireland 
DEFRA let fishermen sell their quota to Spain.  If it's sold, it's sold. What difference can Brexit make to that?  Presumably Brexit doesn't nullify contracts of sale.  
I’m a @BBC man married to a former BBC woman - it’s a national treasure - BUT what is going on at @BBCNews - no mention of the blatant #Brexitgate cheating by the Leave campaign or the @UKParliament select committee hearing on the website. Just “why is #Brexit taking sooo long” 
Home Secretary admits to me a whopping extra £395 million has been given by Treasury to Home Office to cope with #Brexit for next year - that’s now approaching nearly half a £billion before we’ve even left, when police budgets massively under pressure. Shocking. @Open_Britain 
For what it's worth, I do think these things should all be transparent. But Patel did a fundraising dinner for the DUP only a month ago - and I don't remember her demanding they publish the source of their secret Brexit donor.  
60% of Scots think Brexit will be bad for the economy, 25% good. So a quarter of Scots are morons. 
Government will later today confirm the referendum on the Eighth Amendment will take place on May 25th. 
Summary:1. BeLeave revelations taint the Brexit result.2. Which, of course, I never accepted anyway.3. That's why I tried to get Our Judges to overturn the result.4. Tragically, that failed, so here's my latest desperate wheeze:5. Our Second Referendum.6. That's all, folks!  
It’s a real shame @theresa_may has no backbone and refuses to put national interest over internal Conservative party politics. She really needs to wake-up and take note of the destructive damage that #Brexit will do and grant the public a vote on the deal #ExitFromBrexit. 
Poll by @SkyData suggests 54% of people in Scotland think there should be a second EU referendum compared with 41% of the UK overall 
The government have announced £150m for #CreativeIndustries as part of their #IndustrialStrategy. However, the false economy elephant in the room is that it is estimated that the UK economy will lose between £100bn-£200bn by 2030 because of #Brexit. 
Retweeted Bloke From Barnsley #FinalSayForAll #FBPE #WATON (@nickynoo007):Please retweet the heck out of this! This could well be what buries brexit. Pressure grows on PM over Brexit Cambridge Analytica scandal  #BrexitIsPersonal 
The evolution of democracy: Don't just delete Facebook, kill it. Listen to Heather Marsh tell you how. #DeleteFacebookNow #DeleteFacebook #CambridgeAnalyticaUncovered #Brexit #Trump #Getgee …  … 
Yesterday's post: Jeremy Corbyn cannot end Brexit   It is the EU, rather than Corbyn, that has allowed May to keep the Conservative party united over Brexit. 
BeLeave revelations taint the Brexit result. There must be another vote | Gina Miller  
Clara Ponsati hands herself into the police in Edinburgh today.  She faces 30 years in a Spanish jail for the crime of staging a referendum.  This is ruthless political persecution under our very noses.  
The BBC, your national broadcaster, is not telling you all that you need to know. It has either decided that the Cambridge Analytica story is untrue (which is not its job) or knows it is true and knows it is damaging to Brexit. If they will not share this vital story, we must. 
Disgraced former minister who conducted her own freelance foreign policy calls for action to undermine investigation into vote rigging by her side in the Brexit Referendum. #FBPE #StopBrexit 
John humphreys pro brexit r4 is a national disgrace,Cambridge analytica influence on brexit ignored,mass marches against brexit this weekend not even mentioned but farage and fish given hours!the BBC should lose its state funding as it's impartiality can't be guaranteed anymore! 
You've had an MEP on Question Time 34 times. 32 of those occasions have been @Nigel_Farage. Whatever your argument, perhaps you can see why this might be construed as anti-EU bias. #brexit 
Hey #FBPE please let the BBC know about what you think about their brexit coverage #BBCbrexitbias #StopBrexit 
Rees-Mogg condemns sneering member of the elite! Remoaners simply cannot accept that they lost the Referendum!  
Britons could lose right to urgent medical treatment in EU after Brexit, peers warn - Politics live  
Czech Republic is making it harder for its electorate to have a referendum on #EU membership.  Democracy in retreat 
5,000 UK finance jobs may be moved by Brexit, half earlier forecast: Reuters  
Is London's position as the largest international center of finance slipping as a result of #Brexit?  @AndyMacaskill 
Have you noticed that Leave politicians who say they have seen no evidence that the referendum was affected by cheating never say what evidence they would need and show no inclination to find out if there is any? 
The @fawcettsociety's report on 'sexist Brexit' totally and utterly debunked by @Madz_Grant for @CapX . What ridiculous claim will they come up with next? 
Former Cabinet Minister Priti Patel has called for the legal team representing the 'whistle blowers' behind the Brexit cheating accusations to reveal who is secretly footing the bill for their pricey lawyers  
BBC holding investigation into its Brexit coverage. Contact details at the end of this thread. Opportunity to tell the BBC what you think ...  
London’s care sector is struggling, starved of the funding it needs by the Tories for nearly a decade. If they continue to pursue a damaging hard Brexit, it would stop the care sector recruiting & retaining the staff it so desperately needs.  
In January I criticised the government and urged @theresa_may to raise her game. As we break for Easter only fair to observe that the game has been upped. PM has shown purpose and grip. #Russia #NHS #plastic #Brexit 
white dude offended by the fact that I seemed to imply all Trump or Brexit voters are racist? I don't just *imply* that. I state it loud and clear: if you vote for someone who runs on a platform of building a wall to keep my kind out you are a racist 
Mentions of Christopher Wylie's damning evidence to the DCMS committee in today's Brexit press:Sun: NothingTelegraph: 1 paragraph in business sectionMail: Pages 28/29, reporting claims that Wylie is "a charlatan"  
"I don't have a voice in this referendum, but you do. Don't silence mine."#savethe8th #votenotoabortion 
Brexit, Brexit, Brexit & NHS matters silenced with people left to die on trolleysCambridge Analytica / Brexit story unravels & all of a sudden the NHS becomes front page news. Talk about “playing politics” Theresa May. 
Nice plan, though somewhat late. People died on hospital trolleys in NHS corridors in January .@theresa_may -68 A&E Consultants wrote to you & your govt didn’t respond.And we really, really want to know more about Cambridge Analytica, AIQ, Brexit & your Brexit bad boys.  
So, rather than splash with “evidence presented to Parliament that Ministers & Downing Street staff oversaw massive electoral fraud with Company paid to “Capture Governments”” @BBC goes with “look at this big cat” and “Why is #Brexit taking so long”.  This is a big media scandal  
Even in LA, they're discussing how the EU Referendum was 'fraudulently' won, but not on our own @bbcnews.Ask yourself why?#r4today #bbcdp @ofcom @LBC @SkyNews 
Britain‘s complete and utter delusion about its power in the post WW2 world led to the humiliation of Suez. Britain‘s complete and utter delusion about its power today has led to the humiliation that is #Brexit. Both arising from false sense of greatness and exceptionalism 
Why Trump's 'predatory' plan to exploit Brexit makes a US trade deal almost impossible 
I concur with this view of @Andrew_Adonis Whilst the revelations about Leave campaign will add to to pressure for rethink, they are not a silver bullet. #brexit will primarily be defeated by the growing evidence of why it is so damaging for UK.  
Votes for 16/17 year-olds. Strong support for this on my listening tour in Barking yesterday. ‘’It’s their future at stake in this Brexit thing so they should have a say,’ as one guy said to me. 
Appalling lack of rigour in testing veracity of claims made by brexit defending politicians and commentators in interviews. 
'He doesn't want democracy in the UK!' Rees-Mogg blasts Lord Patten's anti-Brexit speech  
On my listening tour in Barking yesterday, several people said they hadn’t voted in 2016 because they couldn’t make their mind up. But they would certainly vote in new referendum on Brexit deal because they’ve now know much more about the arguments. Good point. 
Saving democracy is worth taking to the streets- if the whistleblowers can make the effort- can’t you? Join us 7pm in Parliament Square tomorrow for a rally to demand a re-run of the Referendum  
Rees-Mogg isn't the first @Conservatives to start referring to Britain's "indigenous communities". Johnson did the same in his recent Brexit speech. Expect to see more of this as the latest efforts of Blue KIP to "maximise the white vote". It's going to get very ugly. 
Brexit whistleblower Shahmir Sanni on why there must be a new EU referendum: "We need to take back control".  
Tony Blair’s lecture in parliament on Brexit was exceptional. Watch on your way to work, in your lunch break, or when you get home...where-ever, just don’t miss it!  
Brexit trade vow: Australia confirms HUGE trade deal will be SIGNED 'the day Brexit ends'  
Astonishing evidence emerges regarding potential Referendum illegality. @BBCr4today responds: rubber ducks. I shit you not #BrexitGate 
The smear campaign against Dr Christopher Wylie and Robert Mueller is in overdrive. All that does is confirm they are right and both Trump and Brexit are on rotten and collapsing foundations. Anyone trying to support this erosion of democracy will be pulled into the rot 
When people say Brexit is ‘decided’ & we shd just get ‘the best deal we can,’ this misses facts that 12 months to go before Brexit, parliamentary decision on whether to leave still not taken, & the best deal we can get by far is to stay in the EU. So don’t give in to Brexiters! 
Well thank you bbc for this #brexit explainer for 9yr olds. We've been informed now! And by the way: negotiating "so we don't end up worse-off economically" and during  transition "the UK could still be governed by some EU laws"? Nice try.  
A woman politician was murdered by a white supremacist on the eve of the Brexit vote and that didn’t happen because an algorithm sent subliminal instructions to the murderer. It happened because the foundations of Empire have always been misogynist and racist violence. 
The same thing can be said about the Cambridge Analytica and Facebook data exploits and I am kinda perplexed how this whole thing is currently portrayed in European (and more specifically British) media in regards to Brexit meddling. 
Now, I have said this before in regards to “blaming the Russians” for Trump, Farage, Brexit, Le Pen etc: no amount of foreign intervention makes people white supremacist bigots. The best they can do is exploit an existing belief system. 
After the serious allegations by whistleblowers we need to demonstrate for a fair vote on Brexit. If you can get to London tomorrow night please join us.7pm, Thursday, in Parliament Square  
Progressives in this country should have the courage to stand up to populism and say  Blair was wrong on Iraq but he’s right on Brexit. It’s fear of being ostracised, on missing out on a new mass movement . It’s takes courage to be honest about the complexity of the situation.  
'He doesn't want democracy in the UK!' Rees-Mogg blasts Lord Patten's anti-Brexit speech  
@BBCR4Feedback News output shows a distinct pro Brexit bias, excluding items such as Pro EU marches and including Pro stunts by leading proponents of Brexit. Today seems to have lost all impartiality and is no longer a valid news source. #bbcfeedback 
Unbelievable. #r4today parliament report mentioning Wyles' evidence re #CambridgeAnalytica as buying Trump a victory but nothing about #brexit fraud. Clearly it has nothing to do with us then.Today has become a shameless Tory and brexit mouthpiece.  
There are numerous glaring inconsistencies and inaccuracies in the claims made in recent days by Brexit campaign 'whistleblower' Shahmir Sanni - that's what @HughRBennett's forensic analysis for @BrexitCentral finds today 
READ | The Ozzies don't spend ten years fannying about at the negotiating table when it comes to trade deals. Expect this one to be ready in time for real Brexit in 2021. Support us at  
The Brexit lie distilled by the brilliant .@mikegalsworthy So much work by so many brave people in all this, not least the amazing @carolecadwalla and those courageous whistleblowers. It is unravelling. #PMQs 
Can't believe it! After Chris Wylie's devastating testimony yesterday in which we learned our democracy is hanging by a thread, #BBC website is going with "Mark Zuckerberg's snub to MPs" & "Why is #Brexit taking so long?" #BrexitPropaganda #BrexitGate #CambridgeAnalyitica Scandal 
I have a a vague feeling Brexit might not be the best of ideas - and I don't live in a cave, Mr Rees-Mogg  
Theresa MAy claimed that a note her aide Stephen Parkinson sent to the Brexit Whistleblower was a 'personnal statement'. This was a lie - it was actually an official email from Downing Street, that was stamped 'OFFICIAL'!! #ToryScandal #r4today 
This is a must read. More excellent work by @PeterKGeoghegan & @AdamRamsay on dodgy spending by #Leave & #DUP. Investigative  journalism at its best #brexit #FBPE 
.@cripeswatson Hi Sean. Was it you or your editor who decided that @chrisinsilico (Chris Wylie) claim Brexit referendum was won by cheating was not worth reporting? Why focus only on stealing US election and Facebook refusal to attend? People need to know #r4today#Brexitgate 
Things must be really desperate for the Brexiters.  Their best comeback re. electoral fraud in the 2016 EU referendum is “what about the money you spent in 1975”.  That’s right, nineteen seventy five!  
So.. No mention of yesterday's parliamentary testimony, evidence of leave group's collusion and referendum overspend. Regardless of its impact on the result it's a basic dereliction of journalism to just ignore it. #r4today #CambridgeAnalytica #sarahsandsisabrexiteer 
Russia is the big distraction. Mrs May has orchestrated feigned global outrage. One thing is certain: Russians didn’t murder twenty-two young people & maim hundreds of others at the Manchester Arena. May has got her distraction for Brexit & the Manchester Report. It won’t work. 
Question: Why is cheating by Leave, less newsworthy than cheating in a cricket match @BBCNewsCheating may have swayed Brexit poll - Christopher Wylie -  
The Conservative Party is "in it up to its neck" with the Brexit spending electoral fraud. Boris Johnson says that VoteLeave won the referendum "fair and square and legally". He isn't known for telling the truth... #BrexitShambles #r4today 
Shadow CO minister John Trickett MP "the government is in it up to its neck,”. “Two cabinet ministers fronted the organisation. There they sit, week after week, the Bonnie and Clyde of Brexit.” Gove & Johnson#VoteLeave#electionfraud 
Jacob Ree-Smogg: “An increasingly isolated figure talking to fewer and fewer people about exactly the same things. For his latest outing there were just a handful of Brexit survivalists and his mother.”  
The anti-Brexit “whistleblower” parade just *happen* to be victimised gay men who hide behind their sexuality when they get push back. It’s the Kevin Spacey get out clause all over again. Lame, pathetic, and undeserving of attention or sympathy.  
Why are Tories not questioning the validity of the disastrous Brexit vote?“It’s because the government is in it up to its neck… Two cabinet ministers fronted Vote Leave. There they sit, week after week, the Bonnie and Clyde of Brexit.” (Jon Tricket) — #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Mr Verhofstadt - Forgive me , but the UK Referendum and the domestic politics involved in it, has and had nothing whatever to do with you. I may not like what went on or goes on in Belgium or Germany, but it is none of my business! 
Most unsurprising. Haven't yet come across a single positive aspect or witnessed a delivered promise about advantages of hard Brexit. Everything I warned about is unfolding as predicted & see little to be optimistic about &doubt Brexiteers can resolve any of these matters easily!  
Every day until the two year anniversary of the Brexit vote on 23/6 we will be posting a picture from the #MarchForEurope There are too many people from all across Scotland who came demanding #DemocracyOnBrexit, and they cannot be forgotten or ignored. #AlwaysEuropean  
'Brexit will be such a SUCCESS that rest of EU will FOLLOW us' Cornish fisherman tells BBC  
According to the @spectator the chief executive of Henley & Partners has admitted to working with #Cambridgeanalytica (It provided a Maltese/EU passport to Christopher Chandler, the investor backing the key #Brexit backing @LegatumInst) 
The work of SCL #CambridgeAnalytica in the Caribbean - rumours, fake news. This is the Empire 2.0 dreamt up by new Global Britain #Brexit - a Commonwealth of Crime  
If Brexit vote affected by cheating, will that be grounds to vote again?  
My latest @OccupyDemocrats Cambridge Analytica whistleblower alleges that Robert Mercer oneself in the data analytics company to make a covert, in-kind donation dispensary for Republicans & UK right-wing #Brexit forces#TheResistance #TuesdayThoughts 
Let’s tell Turnbull a Constitutionally enshrined First Nations Voice to Parliament will WIN at Referendum. There is no resiling from the Uluru Statement from the Heart. #auspol 
The next American I meet who either:A) Asks me if I know the queenB) Asks me if I live in LondonC) Asks me if I'm Australian (WTF)D) asks me about brexit...I will legit lamp them.  
What a coinkeedink. Boris Johnson ran the Brexit campaign and now we know they cheated with the help of #AggregateIQ.  Andrew Scheer met with Johnson while playing #PMDressup in the UK. He also went to Victoria where #AIQ is based. Look how close to his event.   #hmm #cdnpoli 
After Stormy Daniels, Republicans Face a Referendum on Trump's Conduct || Via; NY Times  
Tony Blair sends Twitter into overdrive as he warns Tories ‘Corbyn govt certain if #Brexit continues’  
The BBC wants to know what you think of its coverage of Brexit. Let's let them know by tweet @BBCR4Feedback and by email, post, phone.Shall we get this trending? #BrexitLetsTelltheBBC 
I have no words for the disgraceful neglect of charter-required impartiality obligations by @bbcnews @bbcqt & @bbcR4today. acting as propagandist arm of UKGov ignoring huge antiBrexit marches and now likely referendum illegalities. 
BBC news have all but ignored brexit, focussing on the govt propaganda and ignoring the variety of views in the population.  Notably brexit protests have been ignored and the Cambridge Analytica and Vote Leave scandals.  R4 Today program is little more than a brexit advert 
Who'da thunk it? Two MPs from the same party opposing independence are convinced the threat of a second independence referendum will deter people from migrating to Scotland.Nothing to do with the great big elephant in the room named Brexit, of course   
GOVERNOR GENERAL OF CANADA: REFERENDUM TO REMOVE JUSTIN TRUDEAU AND THE LIBERAL PARTY  via @CdnChange 
Considering the, let's say "reticence" of the BBC to cover the disintegration & dishonesty of the main players in the EU referendum, why would we think that feeding back to the BBC would be anything other than counterproductive?Just report what's happening. It's not difficult. 
Identify 'The Problems with Democracy' by Heather Marsh to protect society from firms like Cambridge Analytica, Russia, and others that wish to exploit your community & you.#DeleteFacebookNow #DeleteFacebook #CambridgeAnalyticaUncovered #Brexit #Trump 
The BeLeave scandal means we must have a second referendum.If people treat fair election rules in a cavalier manner, then how is that democracy?#StopBrexit #FBPE 
.@mk1969 reminds us of the great screen writer William Goldman's (All the President's Men; A Bridge Too Far) adage:When it comes to the movie business-“Nobody knows anything”.Same for #BrexitBuy/read @TheNewEuropeanAnd #BuckleUp!#OrdinaryPeopleRemain 
The referendum is void: the cheating disqualifies it. Brexit must be stopped. 
Serious evidence of fraud & illegality in the referendum debated in the HoC to empty Tory benches and empty Labour front bench. Shame? Guilt? Fingers in ears? Whatever the reason, this was a scandal & proof of the corroded & dysfunctional state of our ‘democracy.’ Appalling. 
1. The real question is why hasn't the @BBCNews been all over #Brexit from the start? Why aren't they the ones to be exposing it...or the falsehoods of the Brexit backing politicians they interview? Have they ever mentioned only 37% voted for it? None of this.. 
Hard Brexit poll suggests Northern Ireland would rather join Republic and stay in EU than remain in UK and leave  
Brexit whistleblower revelations taint the referendum result. There must be another vote.Shahmir Sanni’s disclosure about funds channelled to the leave campaign show that UK democracy is under threat, says @thatginamiller.#StopBrexit #Remain #FBPE 
The outcome of a referendum rigged by covert operations wielding an arsenal of lies does not represent the 'will of the people'. It is an abuse of democracy. We must have a #FinalSay 
The EU Committee urges the Government for clarity on EU reciprocal healthcare after #Brexit in its report published today:  
Jacob Rees-Mogg branded Remainers "Cave Dwellers" and said those trying to stop Brexit would damage the UK’s psyche. He then, in typical Rees-Mogg fashion, regressed to the 1800s and started talking about the repeal of the Corn Laws #StopBrexit #r4today 
‘Spain’s Justice System holds a referendum to decide if it should become independent from the Spanish government’ - via @eljueves 
Jacob Rees-Mogg stars in VLAD'S ARMY who do you think you are kidding Mr Quitler if you think your #brexit done  
I know why I voted for Brexit... and it wasn't the dark forces of Facebook  
First class thread of the electrifying evidence from @chrisinsilico today.  The 5-7% conversion rate would wipe out the Leave lead.If a politician has a care for democracy they CANNOT let this referendum stand.    
Expert says Brexit campaign used data mined from Facebook  
The experts and naysayers said the UK economy would collapse on a Brexit "yes" vote instead its soaring - next @FoxBusiness 
“The EU referendum could have had a different outcome had there not been cheating.”- The Brexit whistleblower in tomorrow’s @guardian.More reasons to #StopBrexit.#tomorrowspaperstoday #FBPE 
Remain, not Leave, had an unfair advantage in the EU referendum - Michael Mosbacher explains why on @CapX. And it's pretty compelling. 
Just had an argument with a young person I work with about Brexit. They hated the EU because of the Lisbon Treaty. I pulled up the Lisbon Treaty and we searched for the things they hated about it. They weren't there. Be calm. Argue with facts. 
Just finished in Seanad Eireann for the evening where Senators have voted to pass Second Stage of the Referendum Bill. Back tomorrow at Committee & Remaining Stages. If Seanad pass these tomorrow, we can then set the polling date & Referendum Commission can begin its public work 
So they're responsible for Brexit & Cheeto dust buns usurping the White House.What now?Nullify Brexit?Nullify 2016 U.S. Election?Special election for the U.K.?Special election for the U.S.?  
I worked on the EU legislation to stop rip off roaming charges - Post-Brexit roaming charges will cost business travellers to EU up to £778 per month, says new research  
The Referendum Bill to allow for the Referendum on the 8th Amendment in May has passed 2nd stage in the Seanad by 35 votes to 10.We move on to Committee & remaining stages tomorrow. We're nearly there!#seanad #togetherforyes #8thref 
#Seanad approves #8thRef referendum bill at Second Stage, by 35 votes to 10. It will return tomorrow lunchtime to consider any possible amendments - after which, the wording and date are nailed down for certain. 
We have to ask more than ever, WHO PROFITS FROM BREXIT? Shady political manipulation firms funded by toxic billionaires and Trump's chums have put everything into pushing Brexit. Why? They profit from chaos they cause. #Newsnight 
That Cambridge Analytica might have effectively swayed a US presidential election and the Brexit outcome in the UK is worthy of our attention. 
Someone should tell the @BBCNews there’s been ball tampering in the EU referendum.They’d be all over it.. 
Former Cambridge Analytica employee testifies that the Brexit movement likely used stolen Facebook data before Britain broke with the European Union.  
#Brexit good news just keeps coming!- Australia confirms trade deal will be signed - London named number 1 financial centre for Europe...again  
Very exciting news. #Commonwealth #brexit #canz 
.@chrisinsilico, Cambridge Analytica whistleblower, speaks to #Newsnight, alleges Leave campaign overspent in final days before Brexit vote: “I believe in British sovereignty and British law and I want British law followed”.  
Devastating that the admission of cheating by the #LeaveEU campaign in the #Referendum are made by a #brexit campaigner. #Newsnight 
“They’re still going to want to buy it, we’re still going to want to sell it” – Tony Howes, a fish trader from Cornwall, has never wavered in his support for Brexit & thinks other countries are going to follow Britain’s lead. #newsnight 
Anyone who believes they would ever allow us to learn the full extent of any input Cambridge Analytica might have had into 2014s referendum clearly hasn't been living in the same corrupt and dirty union, watching the same corrupt and dirty state run media as me all these years. 
This is already moving (thanks @BBCNewsnight) to "you can't prove the #CambridgeAnalytica stuff really affected the referendum". Don't let it. Athletes who dope lose their medals, no one has to prove the doping works. If they broke the law, alone and of itself, THAT is the point 
I really hate this school lmao students literally had to fight for establishing the SOAR Center, then the mini pantry, them space at Lot 5 that admin didn't wanna give up and they didn't even FUND THE SHIT. STUDENTS DID- WITH A REFERENDUM lmao  
#GoodNews as Australia confirms a trade deal will be ready the day after #Brexit - good work by @LiamFox 
Brexit Explained  
Juicy details of how Remain had the upper hand in the #EURef campaign, what with the entire  machinery of Govt and the establishment behind it: #Brexit 
Austerity, house prices, tuition fees and now Brexit – how young people are being sold down the river by their parents’ generation  
Clara Ponsati hands herself into the police in Edinburgh tomorrow. She faces 30 years in jail for the crime of staging a referendum.  This is ruthless political persecution under our very noses - yet the public outcry has been strangely muted.  My @heraldscotland column tomorrow. 
Rees-Mogg hilariously calls Remainers 'CAVE DWELLERS' as he boasts of bright Brexit future  
More coverage on @BBCNews about football than a #CambridgeAnalytica whistleblower giving evidence in parliament that Brexit was fraud. #corruption 
So @Arron_banks and @andywigmore had a pitch from #CambridgeAnalytica/SCL for the #Brexit campaign. And so did @vote_leave Then Dominic Cummings spent 40% of his budget campaign with SCL's Canadian subsidiary.Co-ordination is illegal. 
Australia Confirms #TradeDeal To Be Signed With UKAustralia’s Trade and Investment Minister, Steven Ciobo, has confirmed that a comprehensive trade deal between the UK and Australia will be ready “the day after #Brexit”.   
Wake up @johnmcdonnellMP. Go look at the Brexit impact studies. Look at any manufacturing region. Be honest.If you want to protect innovation, investment and hundreds of thousands of UK manufacturing jobs then listen to your own members and oppose this hostile Brexit takeover.  
You turn London streets into a killing zone of knife crime, acid attacks, Gun crime and Jihadi murder then dare make up fake threats from Brexit... you should be in broadmoor for our own good you loon.  
We've said from the beginning that Brexit was a coup. If all these new disclosures don't result in the UK either stopping Brexit or holding a 2nd ref, then we'll be proved right.#FBPE#Brexitgate 
You have to remember Tanja that for many Brexiteers expertise is the ultimate threat. It represents knowledge over ignorance. Facts over prejudice. Coherent argument over fact free assertion. With each Brexit negotiation surrender they feel ever more exposed. #BrexitShambles 
They lied. They cheated. They won by lying and cheating. And they've been found out. With every other argument disproved, the only thing they had left was "will of the people". And now it's clear that that was manipulated too.Brexit is a dead man walking.Vote #ABTV on May 3rd. 
EU membership cost around £10 a month per person. It’s cheaper than @tvlicensing. I know which one I rather pay... “100,000 people marched against Brexit this weekend. You probably didn't hear about it on the BBC”  
My timeline is full of #FBPE folk having another full-on collective nervous breakdown over Brexit. They’re the sort of people you smile at while slowly backing away from at parties. Although I imagine they don’t get invited to many parties. Time for another mass blockfest... 
Just got my tax return for 16/17 almost £14000 of tax and £98 of that was to the EU. Begs the question what was the big fuss about our financial contribution to the EU? for £98 that is money well spent #BrexitLies #BrexitShambles #brexitmadness #StopBrexitSaveBritain #Brexit  
Good to see @EdwardJDavey MP call for an inquiry into claims the Brexit campaign cheated. The public have a right to know. And we need an option to #StopBrexit. 
Today, a whistleblower spoke to MPs at length about how the #Brexit referendum was manipulated in favour of Leave. British democracy is under threat, but it doesn't even feature in @BBCNews headlines. Shameful and unforgivable. This is without doubt a blackout and a cover-up. 
In Britain, The Abortion Act: 1967The first Equal Pay Act: 1970The Divorce Reform Act: 1969All before our accession to the EEC/EU. And remoaners claim only the EU is capable of reform and progress?#Brexit  
*Brexit is gonna be stopped bc you committed fraud, get over it!*  
Statutory maternity leave in Britain: 52 weeks. Statutory maternity leave guaranteed in EU law: 14 weeks. What does it take a remoaner to claim it's only the EU that guarantees such rights in our country?#Brexit  
Thanks to @M_AndersonSF for a great insight into the work being done to fight for everyone here. Great contributions from the large crowd tonight confirmed north Belfast didn’t vote for Brexit, & north Belfast will demand special status!  
BBC News - Cheating may have swayed Brexit poll - Christopher Wylie  I'll tell you what really swayed me. The way Cameron & Osborne trying to frighten people to vote remain. I knew instinctively that they thought only of themselves and their jobs. 
New evidence of coordination between Vote Leave and BeLeave. Latest on @openDemocracy from @AdamRamsay and myself  #brexit 
Post Brexit, players with names like Tarkowski won't be anywhere near the England team. The England team will only have English names like Stones, Walker and Sterling 
The battle of #brexit is over says Jacob Rees-Mogg Aka Comical Moggie  
In 2011 parl debate, JRM said: ‘We could have 2 referendums..it might make more sense to have the second referendum after the renegotiation is completed.’Quite, so he should support finding out the #willofthepeople through a #voteonthedeal#Brexitdealvote 
"I invite you to imagine DD's reaction, and that of Farage, Johnson, Gove and all the other Brexiteers, had the referendum gone the other way, only for it subsequently to emerge that Remain cheated to get its result."Indeed!#BrexitGate 
Tory government 'is in it up to its neck' over Brexit spending, Labour declares 
"Apologies for being so depressing" - a common theme of speakers at tonight's "impact of #Brexit on women" #FaceHerFuture report launch with @fawcettsociety & @WomensBudgetGrp. A powerful argument to say #StopBrexit. @MollyMEP 
EU referendum won through fraud, whistleblower tells MPs  
‘EU referendum could have had different result if it wasn’t for cheating’-Tomorrow’s Guardian  
A binding referendum after international mediation must be put in place.We can't go hammering people. This has to come to an end via politics, not courts. #EU must force a dialogue.#Catalonia #IndyRef 
Respect. You can't buy it, or acquire it by lying. You cannot beat it out of people or force it through fear. The only way is to earn it. So don't expect me to respect a referendum that was won through lies, cheating and deception. It's never going to happen. #StopBrexit 
Brexit Fish are no longer British  88% of the Welsh fish quota is owned by Span50% of the English quota is owned by Holland, Iceland & SpainOne ship (the Cornelis Vrolijk) owns a 20% of the England's quota.They are not UK fish anymore.They are mostly EU fish.#FBPE 
This isn't anything to do with Brexit. This is 100% down to Tory austerity measures. Council budgets cut by up to 60%. Yes. 60%! No infrastructure development except in London. Brexit is crap but this 100% about Tories!  
Accused of 'money laundering', what next in this Brexit mess?  
EU CONSIDERS 56B EUROS RAID ON ECB PROFITS FOR BREXIT GAP: FTLike a central bank robbery? 
I never got to vote in the EU referendum, I've always leant leave, but this from @EuroMove is a disgrace and would have won me for leave."The EU was founded after WW2 for peace." - erm, no, the EU was founded 48 years after. Implying Brexit will cause war is deeply offensive.  
Cambridge Analytica likely breached UK law and influenced both the Brexit referendum and the US presidential election, says whistleblower  
I know why I voted for Brexit... and it wasn't the dark forces of Facebook 
Today has been a day of tiring bullshit about Brexit but I reckon this one takes the prize - why do you even exist @FrancesOGrady if the only thing keeping workers’ rights together is the EU? So after Brexit female workers aren’t worth anything? Aren’t powerful? You’re a disgrace  
There might have been a different result in the Brexit referendum if there hadn't been "cheating," whistle-blower Chris Wylie says  
Transition is after Brexit and once Brexit happens the UK is out.  There is no provision to extend 'Transition'.She needs to ask to extend Art 50. 
I've been away for half an hour.Has Brexit been cancelled?Has Trump resigned? 
A Conservative peer tore into the government's handling of Brexit, accusing Ministers of speaking "hogwash" and "nonsense"  
Remainers: Shady rich people pumped money into the Brexit side during the EU referendum! This is an outrage!Also Remainers: Shady rich people, please give us money so that we can overthrow the vote for Brexit.  
Just before the official start of the referendum campaign, the government posted a leaflet to every household in the land - at a £9million cost to taxpayers - warning of economic disaster if we did not vote to remain in the EU:  #Brexit 
Or maybe we’re just a useful scapegoat to try to hide the towering uselessness of both the idea and the execution of Brexit. Whatever. Couldn’t give a rat’s sphincter what they think TBH. 
Earlier today I met @andy4wm to discuss how we ensure Brexit works for all parts of the UK. Hugely  impressed with all he’s achieved so far.  
Two things that will not stop #Brexit calling those who voted for it imbeciles or demanding a second referendum based upon a corrupted outcome unless you convict the people responsible for it first. 
The Cambridge Analytica whistleblower has told a UK parliamentary committee that stolen information might have ended up aiding the Vote Leave campaign for Brexit  
BREAKING: The San Mateo County District Attorney has filed multiple felony charges against referendum petition signature gatherers hired by the California Apartment Association (CAA).Read our update here: 
Australia is more upset about  cheating at cricket than the UK is about cheating at #Brexit referendum. Ball tampering clearly worse than bus tampering. 
"Prime Minister claimed Stephen Parkinson made a 'personal statement' - but it was sent out by Downing Street and stamped 'OFFICIAL'"So she lied. Anyone surprised?#TheresaMay #whistleblower #Brexit  
What’s worse?A That #brexit campaigners cheated on spending rules in #Referendum B That they misused #PersonalData dataC That they lied and made false promises D All equally bad 
Suez humiliated the country on the international stage. Stopping Brexit would humiliate spivs, liars & pantomime toffs on the domestic one. It would also considerably enhance our allies’ opinion of us and piss our enemies, notably Putin, right off.Apart from that, great point.  
How is Labour going to fight for any public expenditure once the country’s finances are pole-axed by Brexit - which Corbyn et al are gunning for?  
No @Jacob_Rees_Mogg ,  If Brexit happens, it will be 'Suez - the Sequel'.  You could play Eden.  
The Remain side had the advantage of having the government machine – and £9.3 million of public funds on clear campaign literature – on its side. If the referendum was unbalanced, the advantage was with Remain – and yet it still lost. 
So… busy day on story about how #Brexit was bought. Whistleblower gave evidence to parliamentary committee, emergency debate in Commons, and journalist who broke this story tweeting documentary evidence to support claims. Let’s check the @BBCNews site to get an update… ah 
59 days to our referendum! Have you signed up for @Together4yes? 
Oh dear. This is from AIQ which worked for Vote Leave during the referendum. Talking about how to delete the data they may have accidentally harvested. That, um,  'goes against UK privacy laws'. Whoops.  @ICOnews you there? 
Britain has wasted 40 year due to our inept politicians. 'It adds NOTHING of value!' Businessman RIPS into EU and demands UK get on with Brexit  
#Brexit groups had a “common plan” to avoid election spending, #ChristopherWylie, the #CambridgeAnalytica #whistleblower told a Parliamentary committee today. Join the discussion on the @Reasons2Remain #Facebook page. Link:  #BrexitShambles #StopBrexit 
In a lengthy but uninviting retraction @TheSun acknowledges that its story on “Brexit savings” was almost entirely false. Really shameful ‘journalism’ from a tabloid which says it’s changed....  
Brexit vote part of Facebook data scandal, says whistle-blower Christopher Wylie  #CambridgeAnalytica 
Allegations about the Brexit campaign “raise questions about the legitimacy of the referendum result”. Read and share this thread from @DavidLammy MP: 
For someone like Jacob Rees-Mogg to dismiss constituents like mine and those opposing this Tory Brexit across the country as "cave-dwellers" is an insult and unacceptable. He should apologise unreservedly for his comments. 4/4 
My constituents, many of whom live in difficult circumstances, are not "cave-dwellers" or a "liberal elite" for opposing Brexit. They share the same challenges affecting areas that votes to leave, including child poverty and job insecurity. /2 
THREAD: Today, Jacob Rees-Mogg, a man who grew up in extremely privileged circumstances, accused my constituents and anybody who opposes his extreme Brexit plans of being "cave-dwellers". /1 
I honestly couldn’t give a damn about free trade with the world!I voted for Brexit because the hoards of economic migrants invading Europe will all be getting EU passports soon enough.And they ain’t coming here! 
Brexit groups had a “common plan” to use the network of companies orbiting Cambridge Analytica to get around election spending and co-ordination laws, Christopher Wylie, the Cambridge Analytica whistleblower, has told a UK parliamentary committee 
"The process of #Brexit is diverting political attention & increasing levels of public resources away from urgent social issues such as the crisis in social care, housing & economic inequality all of which disproportionately affect women" @WomensBudgetGrp 
Cambridge Analytica whistleblower: the referendum result could have been differentRead more:  
Yeah and while you're at it remind him of that thumping you gave him in the 2010 General Election #brexit #stopbrexit 
As they are not replying to me, maybe others would ask @CamAnalytica if the very same data they and their hard-right clients used in 'behavioral microtargeting' in the US election and UK referendum was used by Russian entities doing the very same thing?  
Rees-Mogg says ‘the prospect of freedom is making us bolder’.No, Mogg, the prospect of #Brexit has turned us into a joke nation.#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Guy, can this not be brought up in the EU parliament. Article 50 was triggered on the back of a corrupt referendum campaign. A billion targeted messages in social media on the back of outright lies from MPs cannot create a valid result. #Brexit is illegitimate. 
I say we put #Brexit on hold until we find out WTF went on. If you believe in democracy then you will want to find out thr truth.  
Cheating may have swayed Brexit poll - whistleblower.The UK may not have voted for Brexit without "cheating" by the Leave campaign, a former employee of Cambridge Analytica has claimed.Not free and fair, and not ‘the will of the people’. #StopBrexit. 
The UK should brace for weaker economic growth if fewer immigrants come to its shores after Brexit, according to government officials  
The good thing about #2Amendment —& the Bill of Rights generally—is that it places limits on state power & is not up for popular referendum 
It’s clear that the Brexit referendum wasn’t free or fair. It’s clear that Brexit is certainly not the will of the people. The public need a #FinalSay with a #VoteOnTheDeal to #StopBrexit. 
"Referendum outcome could've been different without this cheating” Chris Wylie giving evidence against #CambridgeAnalytica "If Olympic athlete caught doping, you don't say, well...he would've won anyway" & let him keep the medal.Brexit is based on fraud. Rerun it. #FinalSay 
New system of justice emerging re Brexit vote: not ‘was there cheating?’ But ‘did the cheating affect the result?’ I propose this should be used for World Cup: player dives, ref says, but would he have scored? If not, dive doesn’t matter. #progress 
Allegations made by whistle-blowers about Cambridge Analytica and Leave campaign must be treated with seriousness and investigated by the police. My colleagues were right to say earlier today that this raises questions about legitimacy of EU referendum result. We need answers.(3) 
Yes, you can see what the Brexit vote did for UK wages right here.     Real wages have fallen 0.4% since June 16 (in the year to June 16, grew by 1.5%).  If that's what @Michael_Heaver calls a "victory" for British workers, I'd hate to see a defeat..  
Tune into the Seanad now to watch my speech on the 8th referendum outlining some key government decisions made today 
When asked why he had not blown the whistle before it was too late to stop Brexit and Trump, former Cambridge Analytica research director Christopher Wylie said that “I didn’t fully appreciate the impact of what I helped create until 2016 happened"  
May hints gvt now realises setting up new customs arrangements after Brexit will take much longer than expected -  
The EU referendum is the most screwed up thing the UK has ever done:Advisory ref claimed mandatory - wrongNo endorsing vote by HoC to Leave - wrongA50 triggered without a plan - wrongCheating by Leave campaign - wrongMandate claimed for no CU/SM - wrongNo #finalsay - wrong 
."His red, white & blue Brexit is slipping away from him & there’s NOTHING he can do about it.". by @JohnJCrace in The @guardian 
I don't know about you, but as each day goes past, I am up for fighting even harder..... Brexit will fail, even if it happens.... 
BREXIT: MPs urged to probe if Brexit campaign gave insurance customer info to data firm /#CambridgeAnalytica #Brexit  
False. The separatists have the majority in the Catalan Parliament. The Spanish government refuses to negotiate an independence referendum as it was done in Scotland or Quebec!!! 
During Brexit, every pro-EU clown said this will never happen.  How would you even have a hope of preventing it?  Existing EU member states will not hold public referendums when the time comes. It will just happen, then you'll be jailed for insulting Ataturk or Erdogan too  
Grease-Smog has the gall to say that other countries are backing us on Russia because they see how strong we are as we head towards #Brexit.Err, Mogg, might it be because a) they are friends b) they pity our pending weakness?#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
London's social care services face being 'plunged into crisis' due to loss of EU workers after Brexit, Sadiq Khan warns  
I would remind anti-#FBPE Remainer Corbyn supporters that on June 24 2016 while Corbyn was calling for immediate triggering of Article 50, a few of us, of whom I was one, launched into the campaign to overturn Brexit. And we started by tearing into the Tories.#StopBrexit #Brexit 
Great meeting with @Ogra_SF - Children of the Revolution in North Belfast - Youth Against #Brexit  
But there can't possibly be a 2nd referendum! Ruth Davidson assured us in 2017 that she'd personally won the election, and "indyref2 is dead!"She couldn't possibly have been lying... could she? 
What I want is an alliance of Labour and the pro-EU parties to fight #Brexit and utterly trash the Tories in forthcoming elections. That is the goal which Corbyn is currently making impossible to achieve. #StopBrexit #FBPE #ABTV 
My full speech in Parliament on allegations against @vote_leave.This issue goes beyond #Brexit, and really does expose a rot at the top of our politics. We need an urgent inquiry to find out what Govt ministers knew, & cross-party talks on updating our electoral laws.  
Australia confirms HUGE trade deal will be SIGNED 'the day Brexit ends'  
"Only Parliament can change the direction of this process. Only Parliament can ensure a meaningful vote on the terms of the new relationship with Europe before we leave". Tony Blair's speech on Parliament's duty on Brexit is now available to watch here:  
Remain could have won EU referendum if not for 'cheating', whistleblower tells MPs  
Outside Downing Street yesterday. There are MORE EU flags in the UK than there were before the advisory referendum. If you voted leave, you created this boom. Thanks. X      #FBPE 
There was NEVER REBELLIONThere was only one REFERENDUM Puigdemont (@KRLS) is the legitimate President of #Catalonia, freely chosen by his people.#FreePuigdemont#FreeCatalanPoliticalPrisoners 
This afternoon I took part in an emergency debate on alleged breaches of electoral law during the #EUReferendum campaign and the impact this had on the vote for #Brexit. Watch my full summing-up here:  
She certainly did. I tried 3 times to get an answer. Also a non answer from her when asked to rule out fishing being traded in the final Brexit deal.  
Brexiters promised us an additional £350 million for the #NHS paid for out of our contributions to the EU yet we now know that if Brexit goes ahead we’ll be paying money to the EU until 2064 and there won’t be an extra penny for our health service. 
Dear .@Jacob_Rees_Mogg I was interested to hear you labelled the 74% of UK population who didn't vote for your nasty* #Brexit project unevolved cave-dwellers. Here is my response.(*nasty because you had to use military psy-ops on us to win, a sure sign Brexit is rotten.)  
Please RETWEET: Cabinet disarray over abortion referendum:  
Rees-Mogg hilariously calls Remainers 'CAVE DWELLERS' as he boasts of bright Brexit future  
Lord Adonis interview: ‘Brexit voters were told lies that are now falling apart’  via @NewsNowUK#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Cambridge Analytica whistleblower: Vote Leave 'cheating' may have swayed Brexit referendum – video  
Sadiq Khan, said: “Nobody who voted for Brexit did so believing it would damage the NHS or patient care.  Quite the reverse in fact, given the appallingly misleading promises of extra spending on the NHS"  Too right Sadiq!  
Rajoy's English malapropism is this time accurate: the right word is not #Brexit, but #Breshit. Let's get it to the Oxford English Dictionary 2018 
Brexit groups had a ‘common plan’, Cambridge Analytica whistleblower tells MPs  
So great is my committment to the Remain cause I’m going to an anti-Brexit meeting instead of watching the England match. And for once, the way England played last week, I may be missing a decent performance 
Brexit hardliner David TC Davies asks PM May to assist Welsh sheep farmers who face restricted French market access, and influx of cheaper Australian and New Zealand sheepmeat. "Can you see any help being given to the lamb industry?" 
How on earth can the leader of the opposition justify ignoring evidence of corruption by several members of the cabinet? Just because it has an uncomfortable truth about his beloved brexit? 
My conclusions on Leave campaign cheating: Illegal manipulation of voters by Vote Leave undermines fair play Brexit is more complex, costly and time-consuming than we were toldFair play demands a vote on the #Brexit dealRT if you agree  
Meet some of the people fighting to give you a vote on the Brexit deal: I take you inside the new Grassroots Coordinating Group HQ to talk to just some of the campaigns!  
Meaning, presumably, we have seen evidence of Russian interference in Brexit but are unable to prove its effect?  
Leavers broke the law and cheated voters. The referendum result cannot be allowed to stand. Here's how it's being reported in Canada:  
Is this what they meant by BetterTogether? They lied about more powers. They lied about our EU membership. They lied about the NHS and the economy. They cheated the Brexit result. Did they rig indyref too?  
The majority of your people don’t agree with you. Otherwise, explain Brexit...   Your part of the minority of the Loud Liberal Left. Hmmm, the LLL, it’s the perfect follow up to the KKK. Just sayin’  
'I don't remember discussing the #EuropeanUnion with #LordPatten when I was eight' #JacobReesMogg hits back #bbcdp  #Moggmentum #BBC #LBC #SKY @Conservatives #TORY @ConHome @theresa_may #ConservativeParty #Tories #Labour #Labourparty #BREXIT 
Please find the whole of @Jacob_Rees_Mogg's speech at our event 'Brexit - One Year To Go' which he delivered earlier today, here → via @Daily_Express 
This is how democracy ends. When its guardians can't be bothered to turn up to defend it. #Electorallaw #Brexit #CambridgeAnalytica #Fraud 
Cambridge Analytica CEO pitched for role in Scottish independence referendum #scotref 
#JacobReesMogg: Some have told us that we were stupid & didn’t know what we were doing - in truth, the vote to #leave was made by those who believed in #democracy!  #BBC #LBC #SKY @Conservatives #TORY @ConHome @theresa_may #ConservativeParty #Tories #BREXIT 
'The BeLeave scandal means we must have a second referendum, otherwise we're no better than the Russians'  
By interrupting trade with our neighbours, Brexit will make us all poorer - bringing endless austerity as the govt tax intake falls. Hard won rights (like maternity pay and shared paternity pay) are at risk. Join us in the fight to #stopbrexit and build a better world for all 
Also -I’ll say it one more time for you at the back- both sides potentially corrupting the referendum doesn’t even out and make it somehow suddenly ok. It invalidates the process DOUBLY. Voters have a right to free and fair votes. Not to votes roughly evenly corrupt on all sides. 
Who would you trust the most with #brexit negotiators?Please Retweet 
Au contraire my mini brained Tory chum. If Brexit goes ahead & Scotland was an independent country in the EU then people & companies would move here from rUK in droves.   It's simple economics. 
Cynical manipulation of millions of voters over Brexit by clandestine harvesting of Facebook accounts using dark money is an illegal abuse of our democracy. Fair Play demands A Public #VoteOnTheDeal Moggy 
Here Chuka lays out in full transparency the nature of the much maligned "plot to overturn Brexit" as touted by the Daily Mail and the hard Brexiteers. Hint: we're not trying to manipulate the public, we're led by the public.  
3 times Financial Times readers nailed Brexit to brilliant effect  
Everyone take a deep breath; #CambridgeAnalytica is backed by a rabid right-wing nationalist owner Robert Mercer ( hence Donald Trump, Brexit).  They wanted to sabotage Congress party in 2014 elections through unknown Big Funder. How could we hire such an entity? Ridiculous! 
The same group of shady characters from the Cambridge Analytica sphere — Mercer, Bannon, Thiel, Nix, etc. — conspired to throw BOTH the #Brexit vote and our 2016 electionAsk yourself: who gained from thisAnswer: #Russia#TrumpRussia 
Rather than delay all the manifest opportunities and benefits of Brexit we should get on and seize these in March 2019, and not allow ourselves to become an EU client state, says @JLongworthLML 
These people just can't get it can they Julia? They are in denial about Brexit and we are tired of re-educating them. They weren't paying attention. One more boring time - we're leaving because we don't want Brussels rule or our infrastructure crushed by uncontrolled immigration.  
.@thomasbrake: Given the narrow margin of the results - for every 17 people who voted Leave, 16 voted to Remain - Does the Minister recognise the continuing doubts about its integrity fuel challenges to the whole legitimacy of the Brexit process? #LeaveLies 
.@BBCBreaking there is a man in Parliament explaining how the Brexit  vote was rigged. Thought you should know  
The EU gave the BBC £2 million for the Referendum. Was that £1 million to promote Remain and £1 million to promote Leave in the interests  even handedness? 
#Brexit could result in the loss of as much as €1bn in annual European funding for scientific research & technological development. #Brexit will harm business & may discourage future investments in the UK in R&D, harming prosperity & regional growth. 
.@edwarddavey: 'This debate is more than Brexit. The issues being raised in this debate are bigger than Brexit. They are about our democracy, parliamentary sovereignty and the rule of law.' Ed attacks the Tories for their poor showing at today's debate in the Commons #LeaveLies 
Cheating may have swayed Brexit poll - Christopher Wylie  
#Indyref2 deters people from coming here? I can only speak for myself, but the possibility that Scotland might avoid the Brexit cliff by becoming independent from Westminster's shackles was actually one of the reasons we moved here (from London).  
Whistleblower Chris Wylie is asked whether allegations of cheating "made much difference to the final outcome" of the EU referendum. Cambridge Analytica and Vote Leave deny any wrongdoing.  
SERIOUSLY @Jacob_Rees_Mogg! You dismiss economic modeling of your own Gov’’t on Brexit but proudly display the “expert” opinion of The S*n even after it’s forced to make a MASSIVE 11-paragraph apology for publishing an article FULL of bull****! Don’t followers deserve the TRUTH?  
It’s laughable that the Leave Campaign consider a second referendum undemocratic but a campaign based on lies and manipulation of social media data is, apparently, democracy at its finest...#EUReferendum #Brexit 
Pressure grows on PM over Brexit Cambridge Analytica scandal  
Cambridge Analytica’s Wylie told U.K. Parliament that #AIQ is a money laundering scheme. Pro-#Brexit 20-something year old Darren Grimes was “manipulated & made personally liable for a criminal #conspiracy.” CA tried to DELETE Google Drive files to cover up the conspiracy 
Brexit Madness  
EXACTLYSCL/Cambridge Analytica set up #AIQ in Canada in part to cheat U.K. election laws that limit campaign spending, so that they could throw the #Brexit vote to pro-leave  
.@cajardineMP: Brexit, one of the most important decisions of our generation, could descend into a farce. The government must launch an urgent inquiry #LeaveLies 
Ben Bradshaw - This isn't about who won or lost the referendum.. it's about the integrity & security of our democracy. Any sceptics who have casts doubt on the evidence of Christopher Wylie should watch his testimony in front of the DCMS Committee.. it was absolutely shocking.  
Honoured to have won  The British Journal of Politics and International Relations' article of the year for 'Inevitability and contingency: the political economy of Brexit'.  
I remember when Gina Miller tried to claim that she was only interested in leaving the EU legally.Now she's suddenly not so interested in the rule of law and instead wants to overturn the referendum result based on the word of one man.  
We are stronger, more influential on the global stage in the EU. British jobs, firms, tax revenues, the environment, our NHS & food standards are all protected. The gvt.s hard #Brexit will damage our economy and threaten work, study and retirement opportunities of millions. 
All the groups who believe in a Better Future than Brexit, are now working together to make it happen. 
Abundantly clear now that the BBC has been 'nobbled'. Someone at the top is being leaned on by the government, and is under strict instructions not to run any stories that could damage Brexit in the public eye. Or else.  
Ben Bradshaw has just said in the Commons that murdered Maltese journalist Daphne Caruana Galizia was investigating Cambridge Analytica #brexit #ePrivacy #GDPR 
"If we were not to leave, it would be Suez all over again, it would be the most almighty smash to the national psyche that could be imagined."Conservative Brexiteer Jacob Rees-Mogg says the UK must leave the EU but that "we would win by miles" if there were a second referendum.  
Not one single Tory standing up to speak in the emergency debate on the EU referendum and alleged breaches of electoral law....they can run, but they can't hide. #ToriesOut 
Not a SINGLE CONSERVATIVE has risen to speak about electoral fraud in the referendum. Not one. Remember the whistleblowers are all leavers. This isn’t about sides, it’s about our democracy. #disappointed 
Arron Banks and Isabel Oakeshott swear @LeaveEUOfficial didn't use Cambridge Analytica.... well let's be kind.... perhaps they haven't read The Bad Boys of Brexit ... by er ... oh Arron Banks and Isabel Oakeshott....  
C’mon Ian. Blair is as much to blame for Brexit as Cameron. It was his attitude towards the white working class - that he didn’t need to worry about them because they had no one else to vote for - that fuelled the anger of the Leave voters in old industrial areas. 
Summary:1. Meet the people who are fighting to give us Our Second Referendum on Brexit.2. Strangely enough, they're all people who fought against giving us the 2016 Referendum.3. They include Our Gina, Our AC and Our Adenoids.4. Talk about ordinary folk!5. That's all, folks!  
This is all you need to know about Brexit today and every single day from now. #stopbrexit 
Tom Brake's debate gets off to a brilliant start... within minutes he has had to admit that it was the Liberal Democrats who were fined £18,000 for illegal campaigning during the referendum... He's stopped taking interventions now. 
In a testimony to U.K. lawmakers, whistle-blower Christopher Wylie says the Brexit referendum could have gone the other way if rules hadn't been broken during the campaign   
Brexit is crapping on students' futures. It would hurt:Funding for lecturersFunding for student supportFunding for universities themselvesErasmusJob prospects after uniChoice of country after uni#NUSconference 
Brexit whistleblower Shahmir Sanni breaks down in tears as he told of the trauma of being outed as gay by a senior aide to UK PM Theresa May.Sanni, who is of Pakistani heritage, was forced to tell his mother that he was gay after his sexuality was revealed.  
"Brexit is bad but its causes... its causes are very good"  
#LordsQs .@SarahLudford asks: EU institutions are far more transparent, accessible and accountable than ministers in departments in Whitehall- doesn't the #Brexit process show how much our democracy and governance need modernizing?  
MPs are now taking part in an emergency debate on the EU referendum and alleged breaches of electoral law  
Labour leaver, Frank Field, says the full force of the law should be thrown at anyone found guilty of having broken the law during the EU Referendum #CambridgeAnalytica #BrexitShambles 
More than 30 frozen shipments (>£30k) due for delivery tomorrow across the EU. Won't be this easy after #Brexit. Who's going to tell my team the danger we're in?  
Brexit Paradox No.427:Brexiters: "We never signed up to the relationship we now have with the EU"Also Brexiters: "We don't want to be able to vote on the future relationship with the EU" 
Ha, I'm afraid it is, brexit is just a stepping stone in a much bigger game, the advancement of the global corporate State, a privatised world run by business, neo liberal nirvana. As a graduate in macro economics from the LSE let's just say I'm right & you're desperately naive. 
As we tried to tell Brits, #Brexit vote was a socially/social network engineered hoax that played into underlying class war and racism. Because — a separated UK is easier to pick off by bankers.   
and please read this, the amount of money Robert Mercer put into Cambridge Analytica was HUGE - to rig both the US elections and the Brexit Referendum. Wylie said Brexit was a Bannon test case to prove they could get Trump Elected  
Brexiteer takes a bite out of The Brexit Sandwich, spits it out. “This isn’t what I ordered!” they cry. But there’s no foreign worker at the sandwich bar to hear them moan. There’s no sandwich maker. There’s no shop. There’s no motherfucking sandwich. 
We’re putting boots on the ground throughout the Globe to promote Irish food & drink as part of our Brexit strategy. You can be part of the success story!  
Is there even any question on how amazing @AmateyDoku has been as VPHE? His dedication, work ethic and integrity in this role has been amazing from Brexit to tackling the black attainment gap and working in Parliament. Take a bow Mr Doku, take a bow #NUSNC18 #NUSConference 
Christopher Wylie - What a shame it would be if it was found out that there was pervasive cheating during the referendum & #brexit has already happened & you can't go back.#StopBrexit #FBPE #CambridgeAnalytica 
Superb reception & engagement today in Trinity College North Belfast with Pupils who understand #Brexit more than some adults - so Impressed  
One year ago today, @Keir_Starmer said @UKLabour would hold the #Tories to their pledge to keep the exact same benefits of the #EU Single Market after #Brexit. But are they? RT our Brexit news from 27 March 2017. Link:  
Brexit #FinalSayWe already knew that they liedNow we know they cheatedAnd now they certainly can't deliverThe very idea that we can't vote on the final deal is undemocratic, unsustainable and intellectually bankrupt.@IsabelOakeshott & @JuliaHB1 will be pleased.#FBPE 
Very much enjoyed my first time as guest of the day on @daily_politics with @jo_coburn. A lot of ground covered from Brexit to Russia to young political activists! Watch back here:  
SQUIRRELLLLL!!!!SNP cannae go for a shite without prompting allegations they're about to launch a new referendum campaign. The problem for the Scotsman & other pro-British nationalist news papers is that this new referendum campaign started on September 19th 2014.  
Due to various ministerial statements the emergency debate today on allegations about whether Vote Leave and BeLeave broke the law and the people were cheated in the EU referendum has been delayed to about 2:30pm. 
Love Christopher Wylie's analogy that if you get caught doping in the Olympics you are stipped of your medal, or cheating in an exam you get failed. There is no 'how much did you cheat?' Same with cheating in the referendum and cheating our democracy. Result is VOID! #StopBrexit 
Whistleblower Chris Wylie says he is convinced the VoteLeave campaign used Canadian company AggregateIQ as a "proxy money-laundering vehicle."   #Brexit 
Before the referendum 2/3rds of MPs favoured Remain. Impact analysis supports their view. There is NO case for Brexit, apart from *the people decided* & even that is seriously flawed. To proceed with Brexit, Gov't has to suppress truth, whip MPs, & have Corbyn & BBC on board. 
I think people get that Julia. Fine words to rally round. They just don’t understand why you think a Parliament elected by proportional representation is less democratic or that UK and other 27 don’t have sovereignty in EU. They do. And has Brexit helped community cohesion? 
Jacob Rees-Mogg suggests walking away from Brussels and BANKRUPTING THE EU  via @Your Brexit 
She used literally the same words against me last year (besides "woman" and "history"). I replied with "This woman claims to be a journalist. A *journalist*! Who thinks the single market was on the referendum ballot paper". 
Sir, this is "rule of law" in #RogueSpain:☞Organizing a referendum = Up to 30 years prison.☞"Dictator F.Franco" Foundation = 150.000€ of public funding.☞Nazi salutes & shouts:"Puigdemont to the firesquad!" or "Artur Mas, gas chamber!" = Fully legal. 
I'm no fan of Major or Blair. But both are clearly experienced, and both are saying May is making a terrible, dangerous mess of Brexit and the people should be able to speak again now they've seen the reality. When opponents agree maybe we should listen?  
Apparently BBC editors think that Australian ball tampering is a more important story than Chris Wylie's insider testimony about the rotten stench at the heart of our democracy. @BBCRadio4 #BBC #Brexit 
Have been careful about over-claiming on all of this, but today’s shocking revelations by #CambridgeAnalytica whistleblower about the Leave campaigns must raise questions over the legitimacy of the EU Referendum result. #FBPE #BrexitShambles 
SNP’s Brendan O’Hara:Q: Did Cambridge Analytica work during the Scottish referendum?Wylie says he knows that Alexander Nix pitched for work during the campaign. But he is very “hazy” about the details.(Guardian Live Updates UK parliamentary select committee) 
Exclusive footage of Wylie bravely addressing his collusion with Russia. #CambridgeAnalytica #Brexit #TrumpRussia 
A thread to end all arguments about what Vote Leave said about freedom of movement for Brits in EU before referendum.In short: they promised nothing would change for Brits in EU, but it turns out this was a lie, and now they’re changing the tone of what they promised.#Brexit  
I asked Boris about how the degree of influence we have on our EU partners the PM enjoyed regarding Russia will evaporate after we leave. He answered that we're leaving the EU not Europe. Only problem is... post Brexit we won't have a seat at the table or even be in the room  
Wylie: "I know [CEO of Cambridge Analytica] pitched for work in relation to the Scottish independence referendum but I'm very fuzzy on the details on what side that was for and what the actual pitch was" 
32/ Asked about SCL/CA work for Scottish Referendum of 2014. Wylie says meetings took place but doesn’t know about any work. 
Quite a lot to do with  brexit you stupid celebrity twerp 
Brexit referendum could have gone the other way if rules weren't broken during campaign, whistle-blower Chris Wylie says  
How many times does this alleged broadcaster & columnist need to be told? Remain voters passionately care about democracy & national as well as community cohesion. We already know, as the government acknowledges, we have always had sovereignty. Brexit will wreck our economy.  
.@chrisinsilico to MPs: ‘Call Cambridge Analytica’s Brittany Kaiser. She arranged the hackers. She played pivotal role in Brexit. Call Brittany Kaiser’  
The abortion referendum will be a playground for targeted digital campaigning 
Whilst trying to take a dump on remainers, Jacob Rees-Mogg has accidentally provided the best dictionary definition of Brexit I've ever seen.  
Our nation is besieged by enemies within: from whinging anti-democratic remainers & traitor politicians, to a fifth column that wants to destroy us. Anyone else think it might be time for a bloody revolution? #Brexit #Enough #TuesdayThoughts  via @business 
It's quite possible that the Eu Referendum was rigged with the help of Cambridge Analytica, Russian dark money and our own corrupt political system which means we need this govt to call a general election and for people responsible for the scam to go to jail. #ChristopherWylie 
Vote Leave 'cheating' may well have swayed EU referendum result, Wylie tells MPsWatch the clip. It is fatal to any claim that #Brexit is a democratic process#Brexitgate 
Cambridge Analytica online Brexit Facebook Campaign:CA Facebook profiles:                         50,000,000Number of Vote Leave ad views:    1,000,000,000Brexit vote difference:                              600,000#Brexit#FinalSay#StopBrexit 
Why is Jeremy Corbyn not questioning the legitimacy of the Brexit result in the light of the Cambridge Analytica / illegal overspend scandal? It's almost as though he wants Brexit. 
And while Wylie is giving testimony @BBCNews BBC daily politics is giving a long interview with Rees-Mogg behind a pro brexit - no deal is better than ... banner. #StopBrexit #BBCBias 
BBC News - Brexit: UK firms 'fearful' for future migration system  Send less UK kids to Uni doing Wallyology degrees and train more apprentices. Bring in foreign workers on renewable work permits if conditions are met. Work/No crime. 
Lord Patten says Theresa May is focused on managing "charmingly eccentric" Jacob Rees-Mogg rather than securing the best outcome from Brexit #bbcdp 
"#Brexit shocked me into political activism. It was a wake up call to the dangerous levels of Euroscepticism in the UK and also emphasised the lack of political education which leaves the population vulnerable to manipulation by political influencers." 
Q: "In the end just 600,000 people decided the referendum. So it is perfectly reasonable to say this (AIQ) made the difference."Christopher Wylie: "it is incredibly reasonable”.  
.@JoStevensLabour: ‘Brexit has happened. The companies that ran campaigns have been disbanded’ 
How many times do these people need to be told: Brexit isn’t/wasn’t/will never be about MONEY. Some of us care about other things like democracy, national sovereignty & community cohesion. (That said, I also believe Brexit will benefit our economy.)  
25/ Wylie describes how UKIP key to Bannon’s plan because it was important for Americans to see that if England could Brexit then they could elect Trump. 
‘UK is land of Downtown Abbey if Britain can Brexit this is v powerful’ 
Beware the Same Experts Said Brexit would be a disaster.U.K. Treasury Brexit Prediction:-Recession w/ 4 quarters of negative growth-Unemployment +500,000Reality after the Brexit vote:-Employment +560,000-Unemployment rate at a 43-year low 
.@JoStevensLabour ‘We know Vote Leave ads had a billion views. And that referendum depended upon 600,000 voters. Did AIQ make a diffference?’ ‘I believe so’ 
Chris Wylie mentions #Palantir in his evidence to DCMS Committee & says it "had access to the data".Here's another link between #Brexit & Palantir: Field Marshal Lord Guthrie of Veterans for Britain.These people are no friends of democracy.  
Many Corbyn supporters are complaining that Remainers are attacking Labour. That is nonsense! We are attacking #Brexit. If Labour becomes anti-Brexit we will back it just as we back all other anti-Brexit parties and politicians. The ball is in Labour's court!#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Meet the people fighting to give you a vote on the Brexit deal: I take you inside the new Grassroots Coordinating Group HQ to talk to just some of the campaigns, featuring @Open_Britain @OFOCBrexit @Scientists4EU @HealthierIn 
The Cambridge Analytica story is way, way bigger than just Brexit. It's about the future, about what sort of society we're going to create for our children.Data is vital. It's no longer just a resource, but it shapes how our countries and societies actually operate. 
Just one informed, inspiring pro #Remain Leader in the Commons could have turned #Brexit round. Save for the few brave souls what a craven bunch of party hacks we have placed there. A Perfect Storm.#FinalSayForAll on the Deal + a #Remain option. Confirm the Will of the Ppl. 
We have requested a hearing with @facebook and @CamAnalytica in the European Parliament to examine the impact of the massive data misuse on the outcome of the #Brexit referendum and on European Democracy.  
Ex Conservative Chairman Lord Patten says government has not yet produced "even a half baked solution" to the problems posed by the NI border after Brexit. In speech to Open Britain group, Lord Patten argued there is no virtual customs arrangement anywhere in the world. 
A @EuroGuido investigation has revealed that in the month before the EU referendum vote, Remainers set up FIVE new campaigns and funnelled a MILLION pounds into them so they could stay under the spending limit  
‘If there was a second Referendum we would win by miles - not on Brexit but on democracy’ says @Jacob_Rees_Mogg @LeaveMnsLeave event. We’re not Denmark or Ireland - we won’t be forced to overturn result. British people polite but strong 
MPs ask Chris Wylie about the outcome of the EU referendum.He says: "You shouldn't win by cheating."#ChristopherWylie #CambridgeAnalytics #Brexit  
"I think it is completely reasonable to say that there could've been a different outcome in the [EU referendum] had there not been, in my view, cheating," the whistleblower at the heart of the Facebook privacy scandal tells U.K. parliament  
This is the key question. How did all these supposedly separate campaigns decide to use the same tiny Canadian data company? Have asked DUP Brexit Jeffrey Donaldson repeatedly. Says ‘I cannot recall’ ever time  
 Scottish Tory Richard Cook’s firm, the Constitutional Research Council, was responsible for a £425,000 donation to the DUP’s Brexit campaign – £32,000 of which was spent on the Canadian firm AggregateIQ.  
.@mrjamesob: "From where I'm sitting, people in your party are talking pretty close to gibberish."Chris Patten: "I'm not surprised."#LBC CP: "They confuse jingoism with patriotism."Terrific interview - good to hear a conservative talking sense about #Brexit. 
Christopher Wylie seems to think that AIG and Cambridge Analytica often had over 5-7% conversion rates on ad campaigns. The Brexit referendum was well within those limits. This is not going to be easy to sweep under the carpet #brexitshambles #fbpe 
Vote Leave 'cheating' may well have swayed EU referendum result -  
This story is pretty hard to follow but I do like this detail: Darren Grimes' BeLeave spent £675k on online advertising. Its only other major expense was a £461 steak dinner on referendum night.  
Wylie - to a question whether ithe illegal activity affected the outcome of #brexit. If someone is caught doping in the Olympics you don’t ask how much or say well they would have won any way.     This is outstanding I hope @BBCNews reports it properly. #StopBrexit 
'I think is is entirely possible to say that there would have been a different outcome in the referendum if there hadn't been cheating'Devastating evidence by Chris Wylie to @DCMS#Brexitgate 
“It is completely feasible to say that the outcome of the Referendum could have been different without this cheating” Chris Wylie #CambridgeAnalytica whistleblower to Commons DCMS Committee. 
Poll Suggests: ‘‘Northern Ireland would prefer to join a united Ireland and maintain their EU membership, than stay in the UK in the event of a hard Brexit.’’   
15/ Did AIQ work affect outcome of referendum? Wylie uses doping metaphor to argue it doesn’t matter because we just can’t allow cheating. Cummings says himself that AIQ was the key. Conversion rates were incredibly effective. 
You're absolutely right.  This is why we need a people's vote on the real options.  Whatever the result, it has to be respected by ALL so we can draw a line under Brexit. Then this zombie parliament can get on with the enormous issues our country and society are facing.  
UK–AUSTRALIA TRADE: Australia confirms huge trade deal with the United Kingdom will be signed 'the day Brexit ends'.  
11 years out of politics, and 1 failed referendum.That’s all it takes to absolve yourself of half a million dead Iraqis, it seems.  
Jacob Rees-Mogg says people who want to stop Brexit are "cave-dwellers" 
Do let us know what you think of the BBC's Brexit coverage across the board - has it shown due impartiality not just in its news journalism, but also in its general programming its dramas and even its comedy shows "  announced on Radio 4 Feedback Friday 23rd March 
"The BBC is planning a Brexit Special looking at all aspects of the BBC's coverage of this extraordinarily divisive issue - specifically whether the corporation has kept to its charter commitment to impartiality, not just in its journalism, but also in its programming ... 
For those not watching the DCMS committee hearing you need to watch this later - if true this is the most astonishing evidence I've ever heard in politics. 
#BBCFeedback has a Brexit special coming up - what do you think about how Brexit has been dealt with on BBC Radio?  
.@Nigel_Farage Sorry Brits You Don't Get a Mulligan on Brexit Nigel Farange stirred the hearts of millions in way rarely seen since Winston Churchill Pro Brexit Citizens keep fighting never give up never give in to staying in EU  
We cannot let Cambridge Analytica win, the lunacy of #Brexit can be halted.  Please march with us on June 23rd in London. Let's fill up the streets. RT and make sure that happens.  
Now talking about Cambridge Analytica’s relationship to AIQ. The firm that worked for Vote Leave in Brexit 
Three top barristers conclude: 'crime committed over Brexit vote'  
We stood together. Each recognising that rights and equalities are shared and never sacrificed. Stand now to defend the EU Charter of Fundamental Rights which this govt will ditch with Brexit.  #CharterRights 
Mark Carney has said automation is a far bigger issue than even #Brexit, but our stupid Government and our equally stupid Opposition party are totally focused on their pet Brexit project which will leave us poorer and therefore in even worse shape to provide UB. #BrexitShambles 
Tony Blair’s latest Brexit intervention takes aim at the government and Jeremy Corbyn’s Labour – read it in full here.  
We know Brexit can be stopped as we've been working on it for months. Others that voted Remain don't. It's our job to convince them & then use them.  
If you still think Brexit can't be stopped, look at it this way:They know the public will hate the deal. They know they'd be blamed for voting through a bad deal. The DUP can't afford to be the party that destroyed the Good Friday Agreement. A #TreatyVote only makes sense. 
Paying my taxes to pay for Brexit is like asking a guy on death row if he has any change to put in the meter for the electric chair. 
 @HywelPlaidCymru has called for a truly meaningful vote in Westminster on the Brexit trade terms and withdrawal agreement as well as a vote in every UK legislature  
Many of the comments below fall into one of two categories:1. Brexiters dismissing Blair because they know he is talking sense and they fear Brexit being abandoned.2. Corbyn supporters dismissing Blair because they know he is talking sense and they fear it undermines Corbyn. 
The Chancellor’s recent Spring Statement made clear what we already knew: that thanks to #Brexit, the economy will grow far more slowly over the coming years than was forecast before the referendum. 
In October this year, the UK Parliament will receive a draft treaty to vote on, after the negotiationsMost of them know Brexit would hurt the country, but feel trapped by 2016The only way they can rid themselves of responsibility is to pass it back to us#TreatyVote 
"Members of the official #Brexit campaign during the EU referendum may have committed criminal offences relating to overspending and collusion, according to lawyers advising whistleblowers who worked inside the organisation." 
complicit in delivering Brexit which: - was bought; - is built on the foundation of lies and hate;- will make this country poorer;- will negatively affect the future of millions. If you cannot reconcile with even only one of the above, act accordingly. 2/ 
Today I am calling on all MPs who still have a sense of responsibility left to oppose Brexit. Not just with words or rhetorical long-games, but with immediate actions. Whether Tory or Labour: it does not matter. The only question you need to ask is whether you want to be 1/ 
Thread in which Laura absolutely rips apart the Leave lie that British people living in the rest of the EU would not be affected by Brexit. We were ridiculed, gaslighted, called hysterical, fearmongers... but we were right.  
I will be giving a speech today at 11:30am to mark a year to go until Brexit. It will be streamed live on the @LeaveMnsLeave Facebook page:  
I think my favourite part of all @carolecadwalla’s work is she tried for months to take down a President and reverse Brexit, but instead she’s basically bludgeoned one of the biggest liberal companies (and its open borders partners like ) to death  
"Young people will never forgive us if we muzzle them & prevent them from having a say. There are 500,000 young people who have yet to have their say on Brexit"@ChukaUmunna in calling for the people to have a vote on the final Brexit deal at today's @Open_Britain event. 
Among those women to be most affected by #Brexit will be the poorest women, and black & minority ethnic women. We haven’t seen any indications their concerns are even on the table, let alone being given sufficient priority.  #FaceHerFuture @WomensBudgetGrp 
POLL: Majority in North East England still back Brexit, against second referendum. No Bregrets here either!  
Post brexit Britain will be a theme park of nostalgia, owned by a wealthy elite based offshore & paying no tax. It will entertain the world's rich in its struggle to survive, or not. #dysbrexia 
The Migration Advisory Committee, who will inform the UK's post-Brexit immigration policy, asked UK employers why they hire EU migrants: "they are the best" 
3/Theresa May's on the rocks (CA, Russia, Brexit, NHS, bungs into the Tory party, internal Tory disputesIf Theresa May loses heavily in Council elections, as predicted prior to this storm, she would have to stand down as PMThe media barrage started after her PMQ response 
If #Brexitgate is proved to be true and convictions are probable.What this means is that the right wing attempted a coup of British democracy.Thus stopping brexit is the most democratic thing you could do. 
Two excellent statements from Tony Blair's new Brexit speech.#FBPE 
New post: Jeremy Corbyn cannot end Brexit   Remainers need to turn their frustration away from Corbyn and on to the EU. 
We need an honest vote on the exit deal that deals with the good, the bad and the downright ugly consequences of Brexit. 48/ 
Fast forward to the beginning of the Brexit negotiations in June 2017 and the citizens’ rights pillar of the withdrawal agreement.  ***** No. Mention. Of. The. Vienna. Convention. Whatsoever.**** 32/ 
The Brexit throes continue. Today parliament may even find some backbone as the extent of the Leave campaign's cheating becomes apparent. Was the referendum illigitimate? You bet it was. Will it deter the messianic zeal of mad Mrs May from her Brexit lunacy? No!  
The #BBC can completely ignore hundreds of thousands marching against #Austerity, #Brexit & for the #NHS... yet be all over a protest to smear Jeremy Corbyn. Propaganda by omission... see how it works yet? 
The Irish border is vital with #Brexit. It’s beyond belief that @DavidDavisMP hasn’t bothered to visit NI or ROI since Sep 16 & @BorisJohnson, who claims it’s “not the duty” of the UK gvt. to avoid a hard border, has not visited the border since he became For. Sec. in July 16. 
I have put all my Brexit eggs into Mrs May's basket and trusted her not to crack them. I have supported her and the Davies team at nearly every opportunity. Now I find myself with my fingers crossed behind my back that she does not let us down. Jittery times. 
The Tories want to stamp on our heads. The Labour leadership treats us as ignorant and irrelevant while taking our votes for granted. We must campaign for the biggest possible pro-EU vote in the local elections!#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit #ABTV 
If you missed the last night, I reported on the two whistleblowers revealing how Cambridge Analytica was involved in Vote Leave’s alleged illegal activity around Brexit.Worth reading to get up to speed ahead of today’s emergency debate in Parliament...  
Brexit will destroy itself. When it does, it will be because people like you kept the flame of tolerance, inclusivity and openness burning. We are all weary, I know I am but Brexit is not a done deal, the cracks have appeared, make them into chasms.#StopBrexit 
Brendan O'Neill "In reality, the Brexit vote demonstrated the resistance of the public to powerful political messaging. It showed that ordinary people are not the clueless, unwitting fodder of the powerful that middle-class elitists imagine us to be"   
It's just over a year until Britain leaves the European Union. Here's how the rhetoric around Brexit has changed since the 2016 referendum  
Why is it undemocratic to want another vote if you change your mind? By leavers logic we shouldn't be allowed another general election as the 'people have spoken'. In 4 years we will be able to elect a new government but we can't reverse the most damaging vote ever held - #Brexit 
Want to listen to @Jacob_Rees_Mogg's speech at our event, 'Brexit - One Year To Go'? Then tune into our Facebook page where we will be live-streaming the event from 11:30am →  
Today in the Commons MPs will be holding an emergency debate on the EU referendum and alleged breaches of electoral law. More details of today's business in the #OrderPaper  
Daily Briefing: - West to expel over 100 Russian diplomats over UK nerve attack- Allegations that #Brexit Vote Leave campaign broke election law- Wall street rebounds and Nikkei up 
Looking at pictures of the #GreatNorthernMarch gives me hope. Let’s keep up the fight to avoid a disastrous Brexit which could wreck millions of lives and strip EU citizens in the UK and Brits in Europe of their rights! @InLimboBrexit @LeedsEurope @StopBrexitMarch 
Err ...》Labour supported the referendum》They supported triggering A50 with no amendments》They support leaving the single market》They support ending freedom of movement》The don't support a 2nd ref》They stifle opposition to Brexit.》They sack MPs who support Remain.  
Awesome quote from @MitchBenn:"Democracy is a reality. But reality IS NOT A DEMOCRACY"Just because you vote for a Brexit that will improve the UK, doesn't mean that's possible.  
The sad truth is both #Tories AND #Labour are pro-#Brexit parties.May is mired in the #CambridgeAnalytica scandal by association.Corbyn has said he will follow, not lead public opinion.Show them what you think of #Brexit: VOTE 4 anti-#Brexit parties on May 3rd #ABTV #LE2018 
The main Brexit campaign in the referendum on Britain’s EU membership funneled more than $900,000 to a puppet organization to bypass spending limits, a former employee of the effort has testified  
Excellent. I reckon every time #Blair opens his mouth another 100,000 people at least who voted #Remain become committed Brexiteers. Keep going @BBCNewsnight! #Brexit  
So Humphrys calls Patten ‘former governor of China’, has no idea what ‘grandfathering’ means and once again insists on his v own interpretation of what Brexit is. Get him off #r4today He hasn’t got a clue and it’s gone beyond tiresome to completely irresponsible. 
I have been shocked by what we've heard over the past few days. Is there a chance the Leave campaign cheated? @LibDems have secured an emergency Parliamentary debate this afternoon.Want an Exit from Brexit? Add your name:  
Crucial response from @chrisinsilico to question about impact of Brexit propaganda at @Byline_Media event last night:As with doping in sport, if you cheat you are not allowed to compete; you don’t get into debating how much the cheating helped#BrexitGate 
The more Theresa May claims this country is "coming together" on #Brexit the more obviously divided it remains. Her voice rings shrill, her words are hollow, & her government commands no respect. You can't "lead" with soundbites. Weak. Weak. Weak. #WATON #ABTV #StopBrexit 
First proof of French-printed blue UK passport leaked on Facebook. #brexit  
And here he is again with Shahmir. In their Vote Leave sweatshirts delivering Vote Leave leaflets days before the referendum. Remember these are the masterminds behind the entirely separate BeLeave campaign. Who oversaw a £675k spend. Which never touched their bank account.  
For all those who worry about the capability and senility of Humphrys - he's just said Chris Patten was "our last governor of China". #R4Today He's also repeated the lie that Brexit was voted for by "the vast majority". This is intolerable - millions now see the BBC as #FakeNews. 
Humphrys should read this magnificent thread from @EmporersNewC which explodes the myth he @afneil, @daily_politics, & Brexitremists everywhere have peddled claiming voters "knew Brexit would mean leaving the Single Mkt & Customs Union"#StopBrexit #FinalSay@LBC #r4today #bbcdp 
THIS is why a 6yr old story has resurfaced - aka the art of deflection. Anyone that falls for it needs to have a long hard look at themselves. Pressure grows on PM over Brexit Cambridge Analytica scandal  
My latest article:BeLeave revelations taint the Brexit result. There must be another vote.  
With their lies, scorn & repeated attempts to insist that Brexit is a done deal, Leavers try to diminish our resolve every day. It isn't working. Today I am angrier than I have ever been. Today I am more passionate about the EU than I have ever been. I will keep on fighting. 
"This is why I know I'm not going mad."James O'Brien Blasts Jacob Rees-Mogg For Spreading Brexit Lies.#ABTV#StopBrexit 
.@JLongworthLML: Remainers are undermining Brexit talks and damaging Britain  
EXCLUSIVE: Since last year's election, only ONE Tory MP has bothered to meet with Brexit ministers...   
'He knew I wasn't out to my mum': Whistleblower Shahmir Sanni in tears over outing by Theresa May's aide  Don’t like outing but if you’re prepared to come out as the “big Brexit whistleblower”, you’re prepared to come out as gay. This is a dirty fight, boy! 
Once we’ve sorted Brexit, next on the list if we want to restore proper democracy is getting rid of Labour’s disastrous “Human Rights Act”. Only then can we clean up the total mess our emasculated justice and immigration systems are now in.  
To clarify: I love @BBC. Many valid journalistic reasons why it's difficult to cover certain subjects in certain contexts. But I do think BBC 'nervousness' re Brexit needs to be addressed. This story isn't about Brexit. It's about the technology, democracy, the law. 
Didn't we discuss this during the EU Referendum campaign, and weren't we told this could never happen?Turkey pushes for full EU membership.  pic.twitter.com/i8v6qrT2vb 
Save the 8th says it has hired the person who ran the Brexit operation, one of the most successful digital psy ops campaigns yet seen, a man as @fotoole says, at the heart of the Trump-Mercer-Brexit triangle, to “build a website”. That’ll be some website  
If the Brexiteers broke spending limits, is the referendum result still valid? And if not, what happens next? 
Imagine having to resort to foul language and insults to promote a flagging career. Lee needs to fucking remember that us Remainers make up more than half the population. I will not fucking stop or fucking STFU, it is my patriotic duty to fuck Brexit & my pleasure to fuck you L8*  
It’s Tuesday.And May tells HoC that the British people voted for #Brexit in a referendum marred by fraud and she is going to deliver that #Brexit.In the afternoon she condemns Australian cricketers for cheating.There is something in the water.#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
corruption, lying, cheating, redacting, secrets being kept, misinformation, misleading, deliberate deception, dirty tricks dirty money DUP bribery, manipulation, a secret society inner sanctum running the UKgov, withholding evidence and facts of brexit impacts, promises not kept, 
Murdo is fortunate and can choose where he goes on vacation with his family. Catalan political prisoners can't go on vacation, nor can they see their children.And all for allowing a referendum on independence.  
Voter turnout:European Elections 2014 - 35%2016 Referendum - 72%Therefore, more than half of voters in a vote which "concluded" that the British people didn't have a say in EU politics, hadn't actually used their vote to speak up. 
In a @LeaveMnsLeave event to mark the year to go until Brexit, @Jacob_Rees_Mogg will call for the country to come together to embrace the economic opportunities of independence from Brussels 
We might still be waiting for a confirmed date for the referendum, but there is one thing you can do right now to prepare for your trip #hometovote... Buy a #healthcarenotairfare luggage tag - they cost £3 and all funds raised go to @TFMRIRE 
.@TiceRichard: "Brexit done properly will provide a healthier UK economy, that should easily outperform the numbers on the red bus."  
Whistleblower questions Brexit result, says campaigners broke election law  
A lifelong Tory voter who now blames Jeremy Corbyn for the Brexit shambles speaks volumes to me. Tories invented this UK wide mess, them and only them. Why oh why do so many people fall for it? Beggars belief really! 
Tony Blair's Speaker's Lecture: Parliament must give the people the final say on Brexit  
Gina Miller: I was, & remain passionately, an advocate of parl sovereignty. These revelations from Sanni should concern every one of us, because they are ultimately about whether ours is still an honest & fully functioning democracy - fundamentally more important than Brexit. 
Well, I bet you’re pleased to have got that off your chest, right?Now you can go back to cheering a leader who lost the only election he has fought (Blair won all three), who is supporting Brexit, has a problem with controlling anti-Semitism, is weak on Russia and cannot lead. 
This is Labour’s policy on Europe - yes to a referendum/election if Mrs May’s Brexit deal isn’t acceptable - ignore nonsense spoken by some claiming to speak for the party:  
Shock, horror - Theresa May has refused to sack another one of her inner circle. Stephen Parkinson, a Vote Leave chief,  outed a Brexit whistleblower putting a family at risk of reprisals. Theresa MAy proving how spineless she is #StopBrexit #r4today 
"...a result that was bought with money"  An historic quote that will echo through the years in relation to the referendum. There is no escaping it. What happens next will be a reflection of what we truly are as a nation, whether we've forgotten what freedom really means  
You just couldn't be more desperate to steer the conversation away from your abject #Brexit surrender to Brussels last week, could you Prime Minister? #FakeBrexit 
Tony Blair has launched a stinging attack on Jeremy Corbyn’s leadership over Brexit  
There is no "British people." The Scottish people had their say on Brexit and were ignored.  
So. On Wednesday at PMQs Corbyn faces a choice. 1. He can separate himself from the  Leavers due to the illegal referendum manipulation. 2. Or he can continue to back them in their corruption of democracy.  
I’m now boycotting nearly all tv and radio news. The lies and mis reporting is too stressful to listen to. Brexit, Corbyn, Trump, May, EU, Trans, racism etc etc it’s a non stop diet of identity politics. We don’t need it in our lives. 
The U.K. govt prepared to release report on twitter bots after russian poisoning but not after brexit. Why?  
Vote Leave, the official Brexit campaign fronted by Boris Johnson & Michael Gove, has been accused of committing criminal offences. They are said to have filed inaccurate spending returns and colluded with the BeLeave campaign. Cheats. #StopBrexit #r4today 
Tony Blair ADMITS people 'knew why they voted for Brexit' but STILL wants ANOTHER vote  
The SNP has been accused of preparing for a new independence referendum campaign after registering a website to organise supporters, despite claiming in public that plans were on hold:  
2019 will probably be a referendum on the Hindu rashtra...allies can go to hell, all guns blazing on Hindutva..  
If parliament colludes to brush the illegality & corruption of the 2016 referendum under the carpet we're in real "not a democracy any more" trouble.@JolyonMaugham @ThatTimWalker @thatginamiller @A50Challenge @vincecable @Keir_Starmer @George_Osborne @BrexitBin @thomasbrake 
A month of suffering under the jackboot of the EU. Full support on preventing tariffs on steel.Expulsion of Russian diplomats post Salisbury attack.EU agree to UKs request for a Brexit transition.Allows the UK to sign trade deals during transition.Just horrible!#FBPE 
BOOM!Vote Leave campaign director, Dominic Cummings, has public meltdown as net tightens on unlawful referendum campaign activity.Please RT widely. pic.twitter.com/udksv6UN0u 
Every day until the two year anniversary of the Brexit vote on 23/6 we will be posting a picture from the #MarchForEurope There are too many people from all across Scotland who came demanding #DemocracyOnBrexit, and they cannot be forgotten or ignored. #AlwaysEuropean  
Whistleblower questions Brexit result, says campaigners broke election law  
My favorite slogan in the 1948 Houston zoning referendum: "kill this legalistic monster, spawned in Europe and disguised in the slum-ridden eastern cities as a device to protect your homes." #subtle 
! Lawmakers (GOPers, plus Dem Sen. Egan) began process of *repealing* Alaska's automatic voter registration, which 65% of voters approved in a 2016 referendum:  
Fascinating thread on the #CambridgeAnalytica /SCL/AIQ/Brexit/Trump whistleblowers appearing in a @frontlinelineclub discussion forum today in London.  
Here's the 2018 Bi-Lat Trade Negotiations we know of (list order closest to completion): South Korea (KORUS), Phillipines, Mexico/Canada (NAFTA), Vietnam, Australia, Malaysia, China (several way-points), EU, UK (after Brexit), along w/ several (specific deals only) amid mid-east.  
Whistleblower questions Brexit result, says campaigners broke election law  
Look at the very last paragraphBritish officials back in June of last year voiced concern that Russia AND China had interfered in the Elections in the US & Brexit.There is now an established connection between CA to Ru & China@thespybrief@LouiseMensch 
He’d probably be PM now if he was but hey ho, you’ve made your bed, you lie in it. 
VoteLeave shooting themselves in the foot by counterclaims of electoral wrongdoing by Remain campaign. They did the same when accused of lying to voters. The more evidence that emerges of wrongdoing, irrespective of which side did it, the more it invalidates the referendum result 
A Brexit Whistleblower Broke Down In Tears As He Described Being Outed By A Downing Street Aide  
My takeaway on the #Brexit #CambridgeAnalytica story. Britain's unwritten constitution relies on trust. Bannon, Mercer, Farage, Johnson, Gove et al have broken that trust. No law enforcement has the capacity to restore it. We need the rule of law in a written constitution 
Using #ABTV to coordinate efforts to get Anti-brexit tactical voting talked about. Vote for a Remain Party  - not just a candidate who says they are pro-remain. Time to hit both the tories & Labour where it hurtts.#Stopbrexit please also follow & retweet @VoteRemain2018 
#VoteApril3rd for Judge Rebecca Dallet. Victory by Dallet moves state Supreme Court from 5-2 to 4-3. One step closer to protecting democracy. P.S. Vote "no" on Treasurer referendum. #VoteDalletApril3 #VoteBlueWI #wipolitics 
Awesome live tweeting by @steveparks of tonight's @BylineFest @frontlineclub event with #CambridgeAnalytica #Brexit whistleblowers @chrisinsilico and @LeaveAnonymous 
"This is not about refighting the Brexit referendum. This is about the integrity of the democratic process.”  
What a fucking fuck up this last year has been. What a fucking fuck up the next year is going to fucking be. 40 odd fucking years of bitching whinging and whining and here we fucking are, a fuck up and nothing on the fucking horizon but more fuck ups to fucking come. Fuck Brexit. 
The Support that we’ve received from our friends and allies in Europe after the Salisbury attack shows we still have significant influence and bodes well for the successful outcome to the #Brexit negotiations.  
I have a special place in my heart where I keep my contempt. It is reserved for the ideologue. They have neither rhyme nor reason. They have belief. They have faith. They know they are right. Evidence matters not. These are the people who brought us Brexit. #StopBrexit 
Just more Brexit scaremongering. It doesn't wash anymore. The NHS existed long before the EU & it is excessive demand from EU immigrants that is really damaging the NHS. You can have open borders or a functioning NHS & welfare state - but you can't have both. 
Anybody else feel we are living through a kind of coup right now? #Brexit #Corbyn #russia 
EC President Jean-Claude Juncker told the European Parliament that if Britain leaves the EU, it would still be welcome to re-join under Article 49 of the Treaty of the European Union. The EC also said UK would still be welcome to reverse Brexit now if it chose to do so   
its inevitable in a free country like Britain with a long tradition of questioning unfounded claims and promises and Brexiteers made some whoppers that the great Brexit con perpetrated o the UK electorate sooner or later will fail.  
Violence flared up on the streets of #Barcelona after the announcement of the arrest of the former President of #Catalonia, Carles #Puigdemont, in Germany. The EU has not protested against Spain's violent crackdown on Catalan referendum voters. Instead, it's targeting Poland.  
Antisemitic hate incidents reached a record high in 2017 so, yes #EnoughIsEnough when it comes to despicable antisemitism - on the left *and* on the right. Here's the front page of the Telegraph last month (!) suggesting George Soros is behind a "secret plot" to stop Brexit.  
Fellow Remainers, Our turn-out at the last major local elections was pathetic. We have to do a lot better on May 3. We need every pro-EU vote we can get voting for pro-EU parties. Apathy is failure.#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit #ABTV 
Thank God we didn't get you as Labour leader. 
Not nearly as good as the #fact that SHE HELPED WRITE #ArronBanks book the "Bad Boys of Brexit" in which #Banks openly admitted that they had "hired" #CambridgeAnalytica to "..DEVISE PSYCHOLOGICAL PROFILES OF THE ELECTORATE.." to "tailor campaign material" 
Mass demonstrations in Catalunya!Hands off our Parliament at Holyrood! Protests in major cities against Brexit!Protest against anti-semitism in Corbyn's labour party!Which does the BBC go in depth on? Let's face it- you'd bet your house it'd be Corbyn, and you'd be right. 
NEW: Cambridge Analytica always denied ties to LeaveEU/AIQ but Rober Mercer & Bannon were pulling the strings for Brexit to install a populist movement in the UK, creating a culture war & using that to tip America. -@chrisinsilicovia @steveparks #Maddow  
“There is a massive feeling against #Brexit in the North”. After viewing these & similar extra-ordinary pictures of #Leeds city centre on Saturday, can anyone really dispute this anymore? #GreatNorthernMarch pic.twitter.com/IitWRIilcz 
NonsenseNB the journalist’s sleight of hand:Turns EU parliament that I spoke of into U.K. parliament.I caution MEPs voting against a deal that may be more favourable to U.K. than they would like. Payne turns it into my saying U.K. MPs should vote for a Tory Brexit.Mendacious!  
What an utter waste of 2 years of my life Brexit has been. The UK will leave in name only, then the young will bring us back. Millions wasted, economy decimated, For what?. How can David Cameron escape responsibility? 
“Parliament must give the people the final say on Brexit”Tony Blair may have got many things wrong. But he is right on this. The people must have a #FinalSay on whether to #StopBrexit. 
A matter of logic:If you accept Russia assisted Trump. And Cambridge Analytica was an integral part of that campaign. And you now accept Cambridge Analytica was involved in the EU Ref. And the Trump/Brexit mess is tied. Then you must accept the Russian involvement in Brexit. 
Brexit campaign was ‘totally illegal’, claims whistleblower  via @Channel4News 
Brexit trade vow: Australia confirms HUGE trade deal will be SIGNED 'the day Brexit ends'  
If you have announced you are leaving the club, it is not really surprising that your selection on the team should be in doubt. #Brexit  
The BBC News calling the European Council’s conclusions on Russia “a victory for Britain” tells you everything you need to know about the BBC, Brexit, and British zero-sum exceptionalism. Perhaps the UK needs a spell away from EU solidarity and collegiality? 
Tony Blair again given time on Newsnight to denounce Brexit and demand a second referendum. BBC bias clear. He is never required to debate his views, merely to respond to leading questions. He stresses that Brexit is an historic event. Indeed.That is why we voted to leave. 
Thanks @IrelandEmbGB for hosting: the historic achievements of the Good Friday Agreement cannot be sacrificed on the altar of hard Brexit.  
1/ A few clips from 21/03/18 @EP_Trade hearing panel, 'Impact of #Brexit & transition'. Barbara Baarsma gives a frank assessment of what Brexit means for the UK economy. @NvOndarza @SamuelMarcLowe @KirstyS_Hughes 
Northern Ireland will not leave the UK you dipstick. You're clutching at any straw you can to stop Brexit against the will of the people. You have never stuck to a principle in your entire life. You've enriched yourself on the back of Labour voters. An utter scoundrel. Fuck off. pic.twitter.com/FP9eJIDfAh 
Tony Blair is on #newsnight talking abt respecting parliamentary sovereignty over #Brexit. He seems to have forgotten the Iraq war & his record in office. He has no understanding how counterproductive he is. Unlike John Major on the same subject. 
Excuse the colourful language...but for god's sake when will remaining #Brexit supporters realise that there is a river of filth running through every aspect of the leave campaign?This? This is just the latest - there'll be some other dodgy revelation next week  
What a very great pity that Tony Blair's past is marred by the Iraq War. For all that he says about #Brexit is crucially important and extremely well explained.  #Newsnight 
Three top barristers conclude: 'crime committed over Brexit vote'  
Rules matter, and if Vote Leave cheated, that’s a scandal.If Brexiters broke spending limits, is the referendum result still valid?The case to give the public a #FinalSay to #StopBrexit is stronger by the day. 
Millions not Billions but still huge gap! Outside Westminster Bubble most people just want to get on with Brexit. Re Referendum spending official data: £28.4M spent on REMAIN (£9.3M Govt pro remain document PLUS £19.1M by Remain campaign) MORE THAN TWICE £13.4M spent by Leave! 
LabCon want to remove our right to freedom of movement in the EU/EEA. There was no referendum vote for this and there has been no parliamentary debate on it. A massive theft of rights is being treated as a mere side effect.This is #Brexit robbery! #StopBrexit #FBPE #ABTV 
The politicos and rich Tories who used #CambridgeAnalytica and Brexit to undermine our democracy are attacking the heart of what our country stands for. Leave or Remain the tainted Brexit referendum is no way to start our future. Tell your MP. Stand up for democracy. #FinalSay 
why are we continuing to discuss fake news about JC being anti semitic instead of the latest allegations re Cambridge Analytics and links with Referendum #newsnight 
More great work by @peterjukes,  @Byline_Media & @frontlineclub to amplify @carolecadwalla‘s work with whistleblowers - exposing activities of Cambridge Analytica behind the scenes of the Trump and Brexit campaigns.For tonight’s revelations on #brexit, here are my tweetnotes...  
YouGov running a poll abt effectiveness of protest marches. Govt can dismiss them. #BBC can dismiss them. But neither can dismiss #votes.Local Elections May 3rd. Perfect opportunity to protest.Don't vote Tory!Cast an anti-#Brexit vote #LibDems #GreenEU-nats can vote too #ABTV 
WATCH: Tony Blair talks to @maitlis on tonight’s @BBCNewsnight about the speech he just gave on the big role Parliament has to play in shaping the direction and outcome of Brexit. He’ll be on from 10.30pm on BBC2. Here’s his speech in full:  #Newsnight 
Vote #UKIP on the 3rd May to show the Tories what we think of their #Brexit betrayal, their lack of action on rape gangs and their suppression of free speech.  Locally we will be your voice, we have no whips.  
So the whistleblower claims the Leave campaign over spent by £600K.Somewhat dwarfed by the government's £9 million leaflet to every household. But who cares, as long as it's an anti Brexit story. 
Whistleblower questions Brexit result, says campaigners broke election law  
It is not true that the people want you to get on with Brexit. You have silenced and ignored everyone except those that are saying what you want to hear. 48m did not vote for Brexit, andsome who did have changed their minds. We no longer have a proper democracy. #StopBrexit2018 
'Brexit poses a bigger threat to the legitimacy of Britain’s political institutions than attempts to reverse it'  
Tony Blair has laid into @jeremycorbyn for not opposing Brexit and urged his MPs to instead demand a public vote on the final deal Can't rely on the government or the opposition says Blair. 
How powerful is #CambridgeAnalytics? They may have swung #Brexit and the Trump election. Big deal. Can they make @sinnfeinireland win North Down? Or the @workersparty win...anything? 
Crucial: rejection of a bad #brexit deal cannot mean crashing out without a deal, says #Labour ‘s @Keir_Starmer . It must mean back to the drawing board with #Parliament , not #TheresaMay ,  in control.  
Burn the Irish flag on bonfires. Cut loifa grant. Compare us to animals. Support xenophobic brexit. Brazen enough to pretend to care about something which everyone knows is a witch hunt against corbyn   
Having listened to May's statement on the supposed Russian involvement in the poisoning of #SergeiSkripal I can conclude the British government has absolutely no evidence to back this and is using this charade to get itself out of the political mess it is in regarding #Brexit 
Sam is a sensible journalist. Something like that would not have been tweeted unless there was something to it… #Brexit  
So Wylie was working as an anonymous source for @guardian - while simultaneously trying to suborn both a Canadian party and #Brexit?Please tell me you have a problem with this @profcarroll @carolecadwalla :( - cc @gchq @damiancollins @IanCLucas @commonscms #CambridgeAnalytica 
@thomasbrake and @libdems have secured emergency Parliamentary debate tomorrow on allegations re Vote Leave. People deserve answers - they mustn't be cheated. The case for a vote on the Brexit deal and an #exitfrombrexit are now unanswerable #FBPE 
Q: Shahmir, why did you decide to come forward?There’s no one moment. It was gradual. At first he was just being told the claims of illegal activity were just ‘remonaing’ and People trying to stop Brexit. He was being given official line by staff of cabinet ministers... 
Who knew the phrase:"the easiest trade deal in human history", actually meant:"mammoth fuck up, because we can't agree amongst ourselves what we're trying to achieve, we triggered Art50 too soon and we underestimated how complex this shit is"?Yup, me too.#FBPE #Brexit 
Q: how did the Facebook data help with Brexit?Chris met Dominic Cummings in autumn 2015. Then Vote Leave had no data. Cummings asked “how can we create the Palantir of politics?”Chris then couldn’t see how they could build that in time for campaign... 
Hmm. A group of 454 confirmed Kremlin troll accounts (run out of the “Internet Research Agency”), which mainly tweeted pro-Trump messages, also tweeted about Brexit... with a noticeable uptick of activity in June 2016.  (h/t @conspirator0) #BrexitShambles 
Q: did you see evidence of the ‘disinformation’ campaigns talked about with Trump campaign also happening with Brexit?BeLeave’s purpose was to present a progressive outlook so they would lose less middle ground voters. So Shahmir didn’t see the negative campaigns... 
Please retweet the heck out of this! This could well be what buries brexit. Pressure grows on PM over Brexit Cambridge Analytica scandal  #BrexitIsPersonal 
MPs to debate Vote Leave Brexit spending allegations  
The Brexit referendum was a sham; possibly subject to illegal activity. Please remember that the blame for this does not sit with the 17m people who voted Leave. 
A new survey highlights how Brexit is undermining London's status as a financial hub  
Tories crying foul after EU says Brexit means no more UK participation in an EU GPS project.Brexit means Brexit, guys! You said that. Too late to cry now! 
Boris Johnson’s dad Stanley now asking panel if Russian money was involved in funding Brexit vote 
Really scary! @Jacob_Rees_Mogg, who has dismissed all economic modeling of his own Gov’’t on Brexit, as well as expert economic forecasts, is still relying on this tosh after The S*n was forced to make a MASSIVE 11-paragraph apology for publishing an article FULL of bull****  
In summary, to date Brexit has provided lots of problems and no solutions. Brilliant.  
What did @GovUK expect ?  Did it do any assessment of the implications of #Brexit or just assume (wrongly) it had a right to everything , inside or outside the club?  ....UK opposes Brexit threat to role in EU's Galileo scheme - BBC News  
In the past, the vast majority of Brits would look at this and say “Interfering in elections is outrageous! These people should go to prison!”But, because there’s a connection between #CambridgeAnalytica and Brexit, Brexiters will try to rubbish the whole thing.Strange times.  
... he saw that the work hadn’t been silo’d - was done together with Vote Leave, DUP and other Brexit work. Back in UK he talked to colleagues about whether they should report it to the electoral commission. People were scared to. He realised they needed good legal advice... 
Absolutely ASTONISHING news coming out of UpGuard Cyber Team tonight - they've uncovered a large code repository owned by AggregateIQ which includes applications developed for CAMBRIDGE ANALYTICA which is ASTONISHING because of this video - read more here  
When Blair talks about Brexit, it's not a logical response to his arguments to say 'Iraq.' That's like telling a guy who tells you your house is on fire you're annoyed he pranged your car the week before.  
... then they won the referendum and he was over the moon, having succeeded.But then in Aug 2016 the Buzzfeed article came out, investigating the weird spend of £625k to students.Darren panicked. Senior members of Vote Leave advised them, did response to Electoral Commission... 
‘Vote Leave committed crime on Brexit campaign’, three top barristers conclude.A whistleblower at the heart of the claims said it raised questions about whether the Brexit referendum was “won fairly”.Democracy demands an option to #StopBrexit. 
Tony Blair urges MPs to rise up and be their own Leaders, defy their whip and give the voters a say on the final #Brexit deal. Slams Corbyn in the process. 
Minister in Lords quoting Keir Starmer’s Observer i/v with glee on the inevitability of Brexit next year. Keir’s words yday are not Labour position. The meaningful vote on Mrs May’s Withdrawal Treaty is just that - meaningful - & rejecting it & holding a referendum is possible 
RT if you agree @OwenSmith_MP should respect the biggest democratic vote in our history.We voted to leave the EU.#Brexit #bbcqt #bbcdp #PMQs 
Germany's BREXIT BOMBSHELL: Merkel shock as UK's EU exit will cost nation €7 BILLION  
Emily Maitlis will be interviewing the former Prime Minister Anthony Blair about his upcoming speech on Brexit on #Newsnight tonight. If you think she's giving him a soft ride, just remember this picture. 
And now we are a divided country Thank you #TheresaMay everything you touch turns to chaos. #jews #Muslims #Left #right #Brexit #remain #homophobes #gays I have never ever seen our country so divided with hateful accusations all round You’ve failed #JC4PM 
If vote leave really did cheat and the #brexit vote is allowed to stand then the UK has  ceased to be a democracy 
I'm a British person who doesn't want us to "get on with it". I want us to toss Brexit in a burlap sack, set it ablaze before extinguishing it by way of my own urine.Sadly, my views aren't especially well represented by my own government.  
We know there will be lots of people who tell us to give up or to let go. Simply put - we won’t. Brexit isn’t inevitable and in a democracy, people can change their minds. We go again. #FFS 
The former Labour leader gives more speeches and interviews about Brexit than the current Labour leader does. And gets more media coverage for them too. Funny that, eh?  
Wow. This "Jeremy Corbyn's antisemitic" story seems to have knocked #CambridgeAnalytica and the #Brexit voter fraud stories right out of the #BBCNews headlines.We'll knock me down with a feather. 
I'm not refighting the referendum.I'm fighting to ensure May does what she should have done in the first place – act on the advisory referendum without destroying the county.But no, she said 37% of the electorate was "the will of the people".She failed.#fbpe #stopbrexit 
This could get very interesting. A security researcher found some of the software created/used by Cambridge Analytica, WPA Intelligence, and/or AggregateIQ.  Ted Cruz, Abbott, Mercer, and others may all get dragged into this. Brexit, US elections, etc.. 
Fellow Remainers - the local elections are approaching fast. LabCon are determined to steamroller #Brexit over all opposition.They won't give the people a #FinalSay.We must use the May 3 local elections to hurt them as hard as possible. Vote pro-EU. Crush LabCon!#StopBrexit 
Three top barristers conclude: 'crime committed over #Brexit vote'  #EUref #BrexitWhistleblower #VoteLeave #BeLeave #CambridgeAnalytica #AggregateIQ 
Vote Leave acted illegally during EU referendum, whistleblowers' dossier claims  
Tonight’s 8pm  1. Enough is enough 2. Brexit Derangement. 3. Banned from the UK. 4.Stormy Daniels 5. ANM …  
Once again the @frontlineclub is packed with journalists, @Byline_Media folk, and TV cameras for the latest revelations in the Cambridge Analytica / Trump / Brexit saga from two whistleblowers. Follow this thread for live-tweeting coverage, and forgive my typos...  
The BBC when they need someone's opinion on brexit again  
Thank you Brexit, I just got my very first "Go back to where you came from."Which, incidentally, is near Luton.I don't care how racist you are, I'm not going to Luton. 
It is absolutely crystal clear that Labour are not playing a long game.  They want Brexit as much as the right wing Tories.  No self respecting Remainer should go near any of these parties.  All they are interested in is ideological nonsense and sod the consequences! #StopBrexit 
The nasty whiff overhanging this flawed #Brexit process just gets stronger. At what point will our MPs wake up to the threat to democracy & take steps to at least offer a #FinalSayForAll on the deal with a #Remain option; this #Brexit can't be morally legitimate until this's done  
"The fightback starts here....."Is it finally sinking in yet @UKLabour supporters?The Tories are running the #Brexit clock downAnd all the talk of Starmer's "6 tests" won't amount to a hill of beansIf you want to halt Brexit, vote with your feet. Leave & force the change 
The #Brexit agenda of both Labour and Tories is much closer to that laid out by Goebbels after the German referendum of 1933, than to British parliamentary democracy. #StopBrexit #FBPE #ABTV 
Parliament must give the people the final say on Brexit, says Tony Blair  
Former Cambridge Analytica employee-turned-whistleblower Christopher Wylie questions Brexit result, says campaigners broke election law  
Robert Lee argues that the outlook for Brexit has become distinctly more optimistic from a UK point of view, just as the general economic performance of the UK appears strong. 
What is the BBC's policy regarding the reporting of demonstrations in this country?I saw nothing about the anti brexit demo last weekend, very little on the demo. re NHS workers (and that was put up late). What does a demo. have to be about before it piques BBC's interest? 
Isn't today about Theresa May's advisor being involved with Cambridge Analytica, cheating a referendum and outing somebody as gay in a vindictive and homophobic attempt to defame them. Do you even look at the Tories Richard or is your entire day focused on losing Labour votes? 
Fantastic!  We also need to know who was organising the Brexit Troll Army in the lead up to the referendum.NO ONE IS TALKING ABOUT IT!Did #CambridgeAnalytica work in conjunction with Troll Armies shutting down the Remain debate - like they did to me and many others? #Brexit  
TB: “There is no serious disagreement among serious people about the economic consequence of Brexit. Growth estimates for the next 5 years are the worst in over half a century” Our paper ‘What We Now Know’ provides more detail on Brexit’s economic impact  
Delighted to be hosting a panel on 'why bother studying modern languages? Everyone speaks English' at #HayFestival2018 on 25 May. Come and join the debate on languages in the UK in the era of Brexit!#CardiffUni @cardiffmlang #unpack 
Brexit: A Fascinating Analysis of 30,000 Comments in Leave and Remain Facebook Groups My comment = "No comment"! #Stopbrexit #FBPE @W_A_T_O_N @Labour4EU 
It was developed for the Cruz campaignThe campaign was at one point aware that AIQ was working on the data for themThis same company was involved in Brexit and is the part of an investigation into campaign finances violations.  
About to interview both #CambridgeAnalytica and #Brexit whistleblowers @LeaveAnonymous and @chrisinsilico at a @BylineFest @frontlineclub event - check their feeds for reports 
On one thing everyone is agreed: Brexit is the most important decision for this country since the commencement of modern British history - Tony Blair speaks in Parliament tonight for the Speaker’s 2018 Lecture Series  
LBC poll finds Brits would prioritise Brexit over keeping Northern Ireland in the UK. Do you agree? #FarageOnLBC 
Mrs. Justice minister of #Germany @katarinabarley, in your doctors thesis you studied ”constitutional right of citizens of the European Union to vote in municipal elections”. As an expert, how would you assess the situation of #1oct referendum in #Catalonia? 
This evening Tony Blair is delivering a lecture for Mr Speaker’s 2018 Lecture Series. “Parliament’s duty on Brexit” will be Tony Blair’s first speech in Parliament since he was Prime Minister  
Usual caveat: I’m anti-Tory, want Labour to win (if they could change their Brexit stance that would be great)Not everything you don’t like is a smear. Some are eg Ben Bradley. But if we start saying “fake news” to everything we don’t like things get very dangerous very quickly  
What if the EU passed a law to prohibit Brexit? Would Theresa May respect that too? 
At every point of the Trump or Brexit crises some random member of the Ukrainian or Russian elite turns up.  
Mr Farage, you no longer get to use the term "Project Fear", if Brexiters are now having to accept that Brexit will literally destroy the *United* Kingdom#FarageOnLBC 
Headline in today’s Evening Standard. I believe this is no longer about being a #Leaver or a #Remainer. It’s about what our country stands for & what it means to be British. If this tainted Referendum result stands don’t we throw that away? FBPE #BrexitGate #BrexitWhistleblower 
BBC has dropped two special Panoramas about Vote Leave, brexit and data, it is claimed  
BBC Scotland interviews an Old Lady from Lossie that hasny a scoobie about fishingSays she's pro Brexit cos there are few fishing boats in LossieThey sold their quota ya numptieThey retired on the proceedsSee those yachts in the Marina?Where do you think the cash came from 
tfw corbyn is getting dragged by his own MPs in AND outside of parliament and you've just pulled off a major diplomatic coup and got a brexit transition deal done   
The EU stands firm with the UK with mass expulsions of diplomats post #Salisbury attack.Remind me why we're dumping Brexit misery on visiting European workers?Look how they repay us.#brexitshambles #FBPE 
I will send an unmistakable message to @UKLabour: that enabling Brexit is not good enough; that lying to people by promising them a future for the many when Brexit means a future only for the few is not good enoug; and that Labour’s policy on Brexit is not good enough.  
Three top barristers conclude: 'crime committed over Brexit vote'  
‘Crime committed over Brexit vote’Legal dossier claims Vote Leave broke the law during the referendum, the @EveningStandard reports.The Brexit referendum was neither free nor fair. The public need a #FinalSay to #StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
John Bercow littering his car with anti-Brexit material reveals his flagrant disregard for the impartiality required from the Speaker of the House of Commons. He is a disgrace to his office  
Outside the Westminster Bubble most people just want to get on with Brexit. Re Referendum spending interesting to see the official data: £28.4 BILLION was spent on REMAIN (£9.3B Govenment pro remain document PLUS £19.1B by  Remain campaign) MORE THAN TWICE £13.4B spent by Leave! 
We’re looking forward to working with @OFOCBrexit, @Open_Britain, @BestForBritain and others to fight for the future of young people across the UK and demand a people’s vote on the Brexit deal!  
We’re sick of standing by as our country, values, & lives are destroyed by the right wing coup that is #Brexit! It’s time to step things up! Time for direct action! We need to take to the streets & make some noise just like these people! RoadBlock #No10Vigil #StopBrexit2018 #FBPE 
Overwhelmingly positive response from public as @SODEMAction #Brexit march to @euromove London rally @EK_EuropeanMove @Labour4EU 
Wow. Brilliant new technical details here. Gizmodo has found the code. Proof that AIQ - the company which worked for Vote Leave in Brexit - built Cambridge Analytica's tech. Also Ted Cruz's and the Osnovo party in Ukraine.  via @gizmodo 
What would a post-brexit trade deal with the USA do to UK food standards? (Femi chatting with a local lady on the cliffs in Devon)  
I’m sure Gibraltar would welcome a referendum on the Brexit deal  
Data involves Cambridge Analytica, AggregateIQ, WPA Intel, Brexit, Cruz, and more. 
Newborns: - noisy af- 0 control over their bodily fluids - cry for attention, absolute begs- oversized heads - unemployed- can barely speak English, brexit means brexit - wrinkly & red: look like rats 
We will continue paying into the EU budget until 2064. Great work @daviddavismp, we now have to pay, but have no seat at the table. The #Brexit that the gvt. is pursuing is not the one that was sold. @theresa_may must stop taking us on this irresponsible and damaging path. 
Why has EU been more supportive of UK on #Skripal than expected? 1) UK provided convincing intel on Russia's likely involvement; 2) Macron, Merkel & Tusk gave a firm lead; and 3) EU wants UK to contribute to European security post-Brexit - support on Skripal makes it more likely. 
Today's report shows that the Government's chaotic approach to Brexit negotiations is putting our NHS and British patients at risk. Leaving the Customs Union and Single Market will have a negative impact on patients with diseases or long-term illnesses.  
BREAKING: UK parliament to hold emergency debate on Tuesday on allegations of electoral law breaches during EU membership referendum  
Honestly, the #Brexit mafia think that by simply repeating a lie ad infinitum it will eventually be believed. 'People are coming together', 'People are tired of debating the referendum result', 'Everyone wants us to just get on with it.' No, no and fuck no. #FinalSayForAll 
An application for an Emergency Debate from @tombrakemp on alleged breaches of electoral law during the EU referendum has been granted by the Speaker. The debate is scheduled to take place tomorrow and will last for two hours.  
Things Blue Labour will not march on Parliament Square over:-Austerity-Housing Crisis-Brexit-£350m for NHS-Grenfell-Environment-etc Corbyn bashing and Big Ben are fair game, though. 
Wake up Mrs May! We’ve been warning you about Galileo since start of Ref, they said t’was project fear. EU’s also made it clear “no cherry picking”. Being a 3rd country has its consequences. Brexit will cost jobs &security We can&must stop Brexit @faisalislam 
“Three top barristers have concluded that there is a possible case for criminal prosecutions in the scandal over alleged cheating in the Brexit referendum..” The Advisory Referendum.Time to revoke Article 50.  
If the Vote Leave EU referendum campaign is shown to have broken the law, should the referendum result stand? 
Yet again the BBC is fawning over this war criminal who will be trotting out the same rubbish he's been spouting about #Brexit.  BBC, even you're overstepping the mark. He's not elected, he loves the limelight, stop it.  
How very brexity.36% think Brexit is more important than keeping the U.K. together. And the poll didn’t survey a single voter within NI.How’s that for not really giving aabout the consequences of your actions? 
DUP also spent more than £32k with Aggregate IQ during #Brexit (and more w/them during 2017 Stormont elex). When I asked DUP’s Jeffrey Donaldson last week where he found tiny Canadian company AIQ, he said ‘I cannot recall’ 
Two big differences: (1) the law is about referendum expenses. It doesn't ban working together it bans spending together (2) Stronger In didn't donate to other canpaigning groups. 
"Any statements issued were personal statements" @theresa_may tells @BenPBradshaw MP after her political secretary Stephen Parkinson 'outed' Brexit whistle-blower.  The statement 'OFFICIAL' issued by No 10 and seen by Channel 4 News would suggest otherwise.  
So @IsabelOakeshott demanded evidence from @carolecadwalla that there was a link between #LeaveEU & #CambridgeAnalytica & insisted herself there wasn't one... & yet... who is this journalist writing in 2015 .. & what's this... oh.. #marr #marrshow @MarrShow @AndrewMarr9 #Brexit  
.@JamesCleverly states that the responses from our allies following the Salisbury attack shows that TM has a “huge degree of standing among our European friends” and that it bodes well for a “pragamaric and mutually beneficial conclusion” to the Brexit negotiations  
Questions to PM Why was Scottish Fishing Industry sold out in UK Brexit negotiations? What is situation with Spanish arrest warrants for Catalan politicians?  
WATCH: Citizens from Everywhere - Meet the people who are fighting to give us a vote on Brexit - featuring Open Britain, @euromove, @InFactsOrg, @_Britain4Europe, @Scientists4EU & @HealthierIn 
Unilever relocating its HQ to the Netherlands is a worrying sign for the UK economy. This may not be a vote of no confidence in the UK economy due to #Brexit but there is no question that #Brexit is making every company with their HQ here rethink their location. 
My @Independent column is a bit different this week: Meet the people who are fighting to give us a vote on Brexit.  
Really? Who cares about cricket ball tampering? Let’s talk about Referendum tampering by the Leave Campaign!!!!! Why is this not more of a story?? ! #BBCBIAS ? #BBC 
Trinity College Dublin Students’ Union votes by 64.5% in favor of supporting BDS in a referendum that saw the highest turnout in recent years.  
This is a great new student-led campaign fighting for the future of young people in the UK. Together with @OFOCBrexit, there are some really exciting new young movements tackling the Government on Brexit head-on, give them a like and share!  
A week before #brexit referendum Darren Grimes of BeLeave was advising staff to ‘copy and paste lines from Vote Leave’s briefing’. The two campaigns were not allowed to ‘work together’ under UK electoral law  
Blimey Theresa May has just basically condoned the outing of the gay brexit whistleblower by Stephen Parkinson even though he used Number 10 headed paper. She doesn't care that his family in Pakistan is now in fear of their lives... disgraceful 
Cameron govt spent £2.9m to influence Referendum result for Remain, using website and digital promotion.  Shocking full #Brexit story:  
We look forward to the re-instatement of Owen Smith, sacked for not towing the Leadership line on Brexit, with immediate effect.Where there is collective responsibility there must be equal treatment. If breaking the line is good enough for Barry, it is good enough for Owen.  
Theresa May: People are tired of the attempts to refight the referendum  
My question to the PM during the statement on the European Council: “Will the Gov produce its new legislation to have the new fishing, farming, spending & borders policies which represent the Brexit bonus we are all waiting for?”:  #Brexit  
Three top barristers conclude: 'crime committed over Brexit vote'  
PM gives her full throttled support to close aide Stephen Parkinson, and then takes aim at the referendum spending row: "Many frankly are now tired of the old arguments and the attempts to re-fight the referendum over the past year." 
In an alternate timeline Brexit didn't happen, Trump never won, @borderirish is nowhere to be seen and I'm sipping margaritas on a beach with Lisbon TreatyWhat a life that would be#GFAthings 
Look over here....look at this.Meanwhile.Forgotten stories......-Cambridge Analytica and their ties with the Tories & Leave campaign.-The nerve agent that definitely is from Russia. Definitely.-The Tories & their Brexit and NI border debacle.Do you see how it works now? 
Government has "no credible solution" to avoiding a hard border in Ireland after #Brexit, Jeremy Corbyn says 
Lord @Andrew_Adonis at the #GreatNorthernMarch: 'Are we satisfied with just the single market? NO!! Are we going to put up with a customs union, a great country like ours that should be trading freely with the entire European Union? NO!!' 'What do we want to do? STOP BREXIT!!'  
Much talk of appeasement of the #Brextremists; and #Brexit must go ahead because some people voted in an advisory referendum for it. Looks like there no politicians with backbones or principles these days, so it's being left to the public to defend the country from the far right 
The paid Facebook posts which were a feature of the Brexit and Trump campaigns have now begun to show up in the Irish referendum  
"It remains my firm belief that we can and will find the best solutions for Northern Ireland" - PM @Theresa_May gives a #Brexit update to MPs  
STV's political editor Bernard Ponsonby is touring the country to hear what Scots think of Brexit with a little over a year to go until the UK's exit:  
Mystified how neither of the major parties sees the potential of coming out for Remain.You'd think self-interest alone would do it. Anyone with a brace of brain cells can see that Brexit will be a catastrophe.Yet they still won't take the only route to saving their parties. 
Here’s the final page of the Bindmans release. Who had access in March 2017, nearly a year after the referendum, to Vote Leave shared drives??  
With just one year to go until Brexit, @Keir_Starmer is setting out our plan to ensure we get a Brexit deal that safeguards jobs, the economy and people’s livelihoods. Take a look ↓  
JUST IN: Lawyers for Brexit campaign whistleblowers say we think there is a realistic prospect of conviction for the Vote Leave offences  
#maxwellselection. The Big Debate. #brexit  
Pls don't listen to those who cry: "Why is this coming out now!" I wrote about the use of #BigData a year ago in the @TheNewEuropean re: #VoteLeave; @carolecadwalla started writing  about their shenanigans 2 years ago... and a lot others, too. #Brexit 
The majority of Welsh voters polled said the UK was right to vote for Brexit.  
Brexit message to May: Leave voter's FURIOUS call for UK to cut Brussels ties immediately   
Brexit and 2016 election in the United States:  crime scenes When will the people get a new, fair elections?  Not only is Trump incompetent & a traitor, he did not legitimately win in 2016 and the people know it.    @GOP @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan 
Clock ticking. The news of 50-page document examining Leave spending during the referendum and alleging criminality - carried on the Guardian site and in the Standard newspaper-  is not - at 15.45pm -  on @BBCNews. Lets see how long it takes. 
Summary1. Hello.2. My name is Leanne Wood.3. And I come from Wales.4. Bet you didn't know that, did you?5. After all, I hardly ever mention it.6. Wales didn't vote for Brexit.7. Well, OK: it did, but it *shouldn't* have. 8. Talk about racist bigotry!9. That's all, folks!  
The OECD recently published its own forecasts showing that the UK is set to be the worst performing of the world’s leading advanced and emerging economies in both 2018 and 2019.  If #Brexit means wrecking the economy, then everybody has the right to reconsider. 
‘@Michael_Heaver: The referendum result was skewed. If the government hadn’t been allowed to spend £9.3 million on a pro-Remain leaflet, Brexiteers would have won by even more!  
The leading architects of Brexit are facing mounting pressure after a whistleblower claimed that the official “Leave” campaign deliberately breached spending restrictions  
'There's suddenly a difference between us that was never there before'Cardiff-based @WiardSterk says he'll face more 'hassle' than his wife and children after #Brexit because he's Dutch More on this story:  
I am fucking loving the sound of this. We all know it. You know how we know? Because Boris Johnson is a desperate maniac along with other brexiters who would have not considered it wrong. You know the man, you know the answer. He's guilty as sin. #Brexit is a sham. #Void 
Just a reminder of how the pro-EU SNP approached the referendumSNP spent less on EU vote than it did fighting a by-election in Glenrothes  
Times' Matthew Parris Bemoans Brexit NHS Pledge, Wants Funding for 'Royal Opera House, Arts Councils'  
Yep...well aware of this & the fact they are still able to CON voters into thinking their version of #Brexit is going to lead to a Utopian future & not the reality which is that it will become a Tory Brexit over time if we don't get a #FinalSayForAll with a #Remain option. #ABTV 
There were no data analytics or Russian bots when I made my mind up to leave. What swung it was watching Blair and Brown conniving to ensure the public would not get a direct say in the Lisbon treaty. They didn't give a shit about democracy then and nothing has changed. #Brexit 
Good discussion on @bbcradioulster this morning on whether Mr #Puigdemont should go to prison for organizing a referendum (none of the speakers agree). Listen to @lizcastro's reasons against it. From min. 43 on. 
Ireland is the frontrunner for Brexit relocation from the UK  via @siliconrepublic 
Three months on the job and he has quit already, what did you do to him @BorderIrish ?Brexit official tasked with solving Irish border issue quits 
#Brexit is the will of Cambridge Analytica  
And 'the many' will be deeply disappointed as they will neither feel empowered nor enriched by hard Brexit. Hubris inevitably leads to Nemesis...  
G Osborne - who cooked up project fear and then billed the taxpayer to pump it into every home... "A referendum campaign intended to reflect the democratic will of the people should, at the very least, have shown proper respect for rules designed to protect that democracy." 
This is spot on about the BBC's Brexit problem: it's not bias per se, but a simplistic sense of balance.  
Interesting. Brexit Central - which claims to be a journalistic outfit and has Westminster press gallery passes - now issuing press releases discrediting campaign claims. I make no comment on substance, but should BC have privileged journo access to this place?  
.@mrjamesob blasts Jacob Rees-Mogg for spreading Brexit lies by tweeting inaccurate article. 
If Russia was testing out Britain’s international standing and alliances in the Brexit era, it has received a pretty firm response.  
Yes on local Leeds news. I just searched on BBC News site under "Anti-Brexit Demonstrations" and nowt came up.  BBC at national level represents the 17.4 million who voted Leave not the 27 million who didn't. I think @campbellclaret's point a  fair one @ljlythgoe @Hugodixon 
Today’s @EveningStandard: legal dossier handed to Electoral Commission saying Brexit campaign broke law + Corbyn antisemitism latest & Philomena Cunk aka comic actress Diane Morgan speaks & Anthony Joshua’s fight diary  
Funds raised by the Leave Camp were from donations made voluntarily. Money spent on Remain propaganda by Govt and other UK authorities was taxpayer money, and the taxpayer was not consulted before this was spent for Remain.And now Remainers say Leave overspent?#Brexit  
Irish Border 1-0 Brexit  
.@Keir_Starmer speech marking one year to go until Brexit 
It's a dangerous notion to believe that Brexit disappears if Corbyn is ousted It's being foisted by those who see socialism in Britain as an end to neo liberalism. Brexit happened b/c for 30 years politicians bullshitted people about why low taxes were better than a welfare state  
"Organisers of a major anti-#Brexit march say politicans need to sit up and take note after huge crowds gathered in #Leeds" from today's @yorkshirepost.Are you listening @hilarybennmp @alexsobel @wfabianmf @AlecShelbrooke @RachelReevesMP @RichardBurgon @StuartAndrew @TracyBrabin? 
#EUsuperheroes no.31 is @livuni_EUlaw"Prof. Michael Dougan provides a clear, logical view of the Brexit debate from a constitutional lawyer's point of view. An Expert. We do need them."  
If an athlete is caught cheating, their win is declared null and void. If a student is caught cheating in an exam, their result is null and void. Likewise, if a referendum is won through cheating, the only right course of action to take is to declare it NULL AND VOID #StopBrexit 
Scotland builds more space satellites that any other country in Europe, employing more than 7,000 people, and expected to employ more in the years ahead.The industry now fears that, due to Brexit, many contracts worth hundreds of millions of pounds may be lost to France.  
Catalans are taking the streets once more to demand the release of our political prisoners (headed by president @KRLS Puigdemont), in preventive jail for organizing a referendum Spain never accepted even to discuss. He is a fellow @ALDEParty member, by the way. 
This is what Brexit has done to my life. The care of an elderly parent back home costs me a quarter more than it did two years. This real enough for you?  
Keir Starmer is calling for career politicians in Westminster to be given the final say on Brexit. Another dirty trick from a bitter Remoaner.The people have spoken, Starmer - get over it!Support us at Read more at  pic.twitter.com/d0uWwywDfd 
Who cares what this lefty loon thinks - he has nothing to do with UK politics anymore, he did enough damage when he was PM - so just get lost & leave us alone now!Brexit will FAIL: Tony  Blair demands SECOND referendum to stop May’s ‘DANGEROUS’ EU exit  
Oops ...David Davis’s Brexit department suffered a blow as the lead civil servant tasked with finding a solution for the Irish border quit after three months.#FBPE 
- A slight problem- democratically elected politicians should NOT break the law, when they abuse their position of power by acting undemocratically by carrying out a seditious referendum against the states constitution they should expect grief - an MP should know that   
The Sun concedes that Jacob Rees-Mogg's article about food prices was complete Brexit bullshit.#FBPE 
The Cambridge Analytica scandal re: Brexit may take down the British PM. Trump is next.  
From the London 2012 Olympics to #Brexit. How did this nation fall so far, so fast?The optimism, pride, creativity & celebration of culture & multiculturalism woven in to that marvellous opening ceremony should have been a launchpad.Instead we made it a diving board... 
More gibberish emanating from the Brexit nullification strategists this morning. Its what we call “projection”...    
Three top barristers conclude: 'crime committed over Brexit vote'  
BBC News didn’t cover any of the anti-Brexit demos at the weekend, but airtime to fishermen stunts of Farage & Rees-Mogg. And @bbcnickrobinson busy tweeting last night that Cambridge Analytica scandal wasn’t real story of the weekend. #BrexitBroadcastingCorporation 
Waiter: 'What will you be having, Sir?'A C Grayling: 'Why do you ask that? Why not talk to me about Brexit?''This is a restaurant''The referendum was illegal!''May I recommend the beef?''Only 37% of the electorate voted for Brexit!''Should I come back?''Brexit is wrong!' 
These guys @FFSake_ are well worth a follow. Between them and the brilliant @OFOCBrexit, young people are speaking up to let a whole generation know that Brexit isn't inevitable. No doubt, Rees-Mogg will be along to explain how these young people are actually 'the elite'.  
Great to see more students & young people standing up against a hard & destructive Brexit. Give them a follow & RT:  
If you have any doubt that @BBCNews is running scared. Every other broadcaster is finding-in its own way-how to address the other side of #Brexit. Ex: @adamboultonSKY talked to young Remainers. The BBC is guilty of dereliction.  The Director General should clarify.#Newsnight 
This isn’t about what’s easy. It’s only about what’s right. Brexit is not right. We can see that more clearly now than ever before. To keep spinning the story that we must go with it anyway regardless of that knowledge is wrong—and profoundly irresponsible.  
My interview on @SkyNews with @skynewsniall on Brexit: I want to take back control of our taxes to remove VAT from domestic fuel, hygiene products and green products. We are not allowed to take it off at the moment under EU rules:  #Brexit  
“It is important we spend the months leading up to Brexit strengthening our own union of nations." - PM's office.The United Kingdom will emerge stronger and more united after Brexit. We must learn to love responsibility and lead the world.Britain is a Force for Good.#Brexit  
The thing that epitomises UK is that we'll go through with Brexit even though everyone knows the whole exercise is corrupt. That's what we do. Best.  #dysbrexia 
Independence supporters have taken to the streets across Catalonia over Spain's prosecutions in response to the region's referendum.Meanwhile, their deposed president Carles Puigdemont has been detained in GermanyRead more:  
You're very honourable. I would have said "yes", then ambushed them on air by making a comparison to the cheating in the #Brexit Ref!  
Yes-made a similar comment yesterday-‘ @BBCNews - more coverage about Aussie cricket cheats (not even in a match against England), than anti-Brexit marches in UK this weekend-what on earth are you doing?’They won’t engage in a meaningful way, but simply sneer as pro Leave/Brexit. 
In reality, the Brexit vote demonstrated the resistance of the public to powerful political messaging, to the establishment's fear-driven propaganda for Remain:  
Three top barristers conclude: 'crime committed over Brexit vote'  
Brexit official tasked with solving Irish border issue quits  
Perhaps some of the cash should be set aside to provide counselling & psychiatric help to the likes of James O’Brien, Alastair Campbell, Cable, Owen Smith, Soubry & other Remoaners who appear to have become deranged by Brexit & the public’s rejection of their EU fanaticism?  
IS BREXIT A DONE DEAL? We ask @CarolineLucas ! Ans: NO! (And join @OFOCBrexit !) 
'After Brexit, we must address voters' immigration concerns with a bespoke work permit-style system'  
The BBC has just contacted me to record a comment for Newsnight on cheating - in the cricket match! I said I would talk to them about cheating in the referendum, and asked why they were giving time to cricket balls & not this massive issue facing our country. Why, BBC? 
The Canadian firm that placed digital ads for Vote Leave and other Brexit campaign groups was set up in discussion with Cambridge Analytica's parent company, licensed all its software from it, and for a time received almost all its income from it  
BREXIT: Dominic Lawson here, using a year-old comment left on the Independent to characterise Remain voters.Cool. Two can play that game. Here’s a Mail reader calling for the murder of MPs. Your move, creep.  
Grooming gangs, Brexit latest and another shooting in London.  
YE CANNY EVEN GET THE LADS TOGETHER N CHANT MOHAMMED WAS A FUCKING NONCE IN THE FACE AE A MOTHER N HER 1 YEAR OLD CHILD ANYMARE, FREE SPEECH IS DEED SHAKIRA LAW IS TAKEN OVER ARE COUNTRY GOD SAVE BREXIT 
The first page of any white paper in an independence referendum re-run should just have the words "you'll never have to hear about cricket again". 
If the referendum was unfair, it was in favour of Remain, says @CrispinBlunt. "Leave won - uphill and into the wind" #bbcdp 
This weekend there where 8 Anti Brexit protests outside of LondonLeedsIpswichLincolnEdinburghMaidenheadPontypriddExeterBrightonSo it's not London centric liberal elite thing.Its the whole country!Next to zero BBC coverage.#FBPE #StopBrexit #BrexitGate #Remain 
The people pushing Cadwalladr’s nonsense are ultra-Remainers who cannot fathom that the country wants Brexit, and have to believe that the Leave vote only happened due to some corruption or cheating. The facts simply do not bear this out.  
A Swiss town was allocated a certain number of refugees. Under the law they had to take people or be fined. From a referendum, they chose to pay the fine. Did they do anything wrong?  
Hamstrings made of steel, Hard Brexit Harry Maguire would have to be dead to not be available for selection. Closest player to Bobby Moore since Bobby Moore.  
YouGov shows that 36% of people think leaving the EU is more of a priority than keeping Northern Ireland in the United Kingdom (29%)And 71% of people that chose the EU over Northern Ireland voted Brexit.A similar poll showed a similar result about Scotland Better Together? 
Reason #2 why Cadwalladr and Maugham are completely wrong: they say Leave campaign collusion calls into doubt validity of referendum result. Yet the Remain campaigns colluded on a far, far greater scale:  
‘Fabulous new trade deals with non-EU countries’’ is a central plank of the #Brexit case. But these ‘gains’ could just be 0.2-0.7% of GDP and will be dwarfed by the losses from a looser relationship with the EU.  And none of these deals are likely to be in place until after 2020. 
800 democratically elected mayors summoned to court for supporting referendum, teachers taken to court, people tried for hate crimes for criticising police brutality and the list goes on.What for you is a fascist state? 
We've added more photographs from this weekend's anti-Brexit demonstrations across Britain.  
Many of us have long warned that a parliamentary rejection of deal could mean no deal, and thus no choice at all. Problem is that if MPs called for renegotiation, EU would be under no obligation to comply. Really a rejection of deal shoukd trigger A50 extension & new referendum.  
So brexiters would rather lose NI than give up brexit. Are they willing to lose Scotland as well? Cause I'm fine with that. 
From frozen pizzas to cars, why the UK's supply chains could complicate the next stage of Brexit negotiations. 
How did Cambridge Analytica weaponize your loved ones into tools that destroy democracy & damage society? Find out with Free will and seductive coercion by Heather Marsh#DeleteFacebookNow #DeleteFacebook #CambridgeAnalyticaUncovered #Brexit #Trump 
Today, Starmer is pursuing a really smart idea which could have massive implications for Brexit  
Another anti-Brexit youth group has launched! @FFSake_. Give them a follow :) They will do a great job of mobilising student unions and more! We will work hand in hand with them to fight for a vote on the deal! 
Amid all the nonsense, Labour starts the right fight on Brexit  
The truth will out....That is why @michaelgove @BorisJohnson_MP @IsabelOakeshott @Nigel_Farage @NadineDorries @KateHoeyMP and others are collectively soiling their breeches.The referendum was a fraud committed on our nation, illegitimate and we have a duty to #stopbrexit 
Important to underline that @IsabelOakeshott isn't a 'journalist.' Journalists are hungry for the truth - they ask questions and go seeking answers. Isabel is a propagandist - who works mostly for Lord Ashcroft in furthering his peculiar agenda - which includes Brexit. 
Leave's big lie is that Brexit is in any way a populist, grassroots project which will benefit the many. Leave was run by clever ideologues with rich backers. They never cared about normal people, just implementing their own political experiment. And they fooled the many. 
Remember when @TheSun posted #FakeNews about high street savings post-Brexit? Well, 1 month later & they've released an apology... Retweet this if you think @Jacob_Rees_Mogg should delete his tweet about this & let his followers know it was a LIE#EnoughIsEnough #RenewPolitics 
But Keir, what's the point of taking the power to block 'no deal Brexit' when you said yesterday that there was 'nothing' which could now stop Brexit? Playing the clever lawyer doesn't work if your actual policy is to align with Farage & Rees-Mogg  
Wake up.It's not about Russia or Brexit or anti-Semitism or anything else.It's about all those whose face fits the establishment, closing ranks to prevent a socialist government and protect their vested interests#IStandWithJeremyCorbyn 
Thanks to @NIChamber for an excellent engagement this morning. Discussing Brexit and the major implications for business & the need for a fully functioning executive  
“There is a huge lie at the heart of the Cambridge Analytica scare: the idea that Brexit voters were misled like sheep. This is the opposite of the truth. If Brexit showed anything it’s that we no longer take orders from the powerful.” By Brendan O’Neill. 
Not free, Not fair that is why there is so much anger there.You can stick your sham referendum and await the judgement you will receive as we get to find out the extent of the fraud committed on a nation.  
Brexit Explained  
Reasons they give you to hate Corbyn:Supports the IRAFriends with Hezbollah Supports HamasCaused BrexitHe's an anti-Semite...when it's his fight "FOR THE MANY" that they really want your hatred for. 
Brexit Explained  
Watch OFOC!'s Jade talk to the wonderful @CarolineLucas about Brexit and @jeremycorbyn ! They agree on much, but on Brexit, Caroline says he is "absolutely betraying young people"! PLZ RT!  
Friends! Please share!The Referendum was won by a tiny handful of 17,410,742 bigots, who cheated by disobeying Our Experts' clear orders - i.e. voting against Our EU!So Our Second Referendum must make cheating impossible, by removing the 'Leave' option from the ballot paper.  
DANGER: Labour prepare for Brexit block in Parliament. ‘Should the Prime Minister’s deal be defeated, it must be for Parliament to say what happens next.’Keep a close eye on this one Brexiteers.  
Yes, excellent from @mrjamesob including interesting closing point that govt rarely puts up ministers to defend their Brexit policy so media instead use non-ministerial Brexit campaigners - which means govt not being held to account  
The oldest person I know (94) voted Remain.She did so, and is worried about Brexit, because of the lie that it will raise food prices.Leaving the EU's Customs Union which adds an average 8% to our global purchases can only lower prices.Remainiacs are, frankly, bullying scum 
One of the biggest shocks the Westminster elite got on June 23 2016 was when the great people of Wales voted to leave the corrupt European Union - and a new opinion poll shows that they still back Brexit!Support us at Read more at  
I think this should read that #Leave voters in England care more about #Brexit than the `precious Union' of @theresa_may 's imagination.  They would be happy to see N I and Scotland break away. 
Theresa May went into Burger King and asked for 2 whoppers. The assistant said " You're a great PM and your handling of brexit is fantastic !!.. 
EXCLUSIVE!Launch system for   to replace #Galileo post-Brexit revealed!  
BREAKING:@SkyData poll:Will Brexit be good/bad for economy?Good 36%Bad.   48%In hindsight, was the UK right or wrong to vote for Brexit?Right   44%Wrong 48%@lbc @mrjamesob #bbcdp #wato #bbcpm #newsnight 
“The people of England regards itself as free; but it is grossly mistaken; it is free only during the election of members of parliament. As soon as they are elected, slavery overtakes it, and it is nothing.” Or a referendum, Jean-Jacques. Or a referendum.33/33 
Lord Pearson taking your questions at 13:00 - plus Brexit latest and yet more violence in London. Strap yourself in for a bumper Uncensored!  
Remoaners."You didn't know what you were voting for"."Brexiters are old & will die soon"."Russia caused this".Now we've moved onto "Brexit cheated".Has there even been a bigger bunch of bedwetting undemocratic whingebags? 
Fascinating piece by @SluggerOToole suggests proximity to Irish border is strongest predictor of poverty. Communities on both sides need extra Brexit barriers to trade like hole in head.  
I didn’t vote for Article 50 & I will certainly not row in behind a bad Brexit deal simply because the Tories threaten us with crashing out on WTO terms. That cannot be the consequence if Parliament rejects it. There are other options: including a people’s vote on the deal.  
From my weekend of anti-Brexit rallies, sad how many people told me they had resigned from Labour over Brexit, & the anger about Keir Starmer's statements yesterday. My advice: don't leave. Labour is a pro-European party & it will come right if we campaign hard. 
There is a democratic process for this to happen, you don't need to resist, merely vote on referendum day, then accept the outcome. It's 2018, not 1918...  
The EU who are demanding Britain provide security for them, the EU army and who want access to MI5 and 6 are to EXCLUDE UK from vital £2.3billion  GPS military tech after Brexit stating that Brexit was a “security risk”, it has been reported. Mrs May is of course delighted 
I will be going to this demo, not just to show the Labour leadership that this is a real issue (not a "Corbyn Smear"), but also so we can get back to the issues the Labour Party are supposed to care about:-Brexit-NHS-Education-Poverty-Fair SocietyNOT DEFENDING ANTISEMITES  
"...he has shown himself to be one of the brightest and most refreshing voices to have emerged from the referendum campaign." Indeed. @darrengrimes_ 
When the media reports on referendum spending, they always "forget" to include the £9m government propaganda leaflet. Remain actually outspent Leave by more than 2-to-1 - and still LOST! No wonder they're so embarrassed about it...Support us at  
'Brexit poses a bigger threat to the legitimacy of Britain’s political institutions than attempts to reverse it'  
Pressure grows on PM over #Brexit Cambridge Analytica scandal, as Downing Street is accused of outing the whistleblower, Shahmir Sanni, as gay in an official statement. His family in Pakistan may well now be in serious danger.#DirtyTricks 
Nigel Farage created an earthquake in british politics, bringing about Brexit.Its time for a bloody great aftershock in the form of voting for pro-EU parties this May.No to Conservatives, No to Labour. Let the #BritishSpring begin. 
What I'm reading: Brexit & transparency campaigner Gina Miller - I even love comic books!  via @CityAM 
In a further wake-up call for @theresa_may, according to a Survation poll, even her supporters who backed her in the 2017 General Election favour a vote on the final deal. She must oblige and not lead us towards a catastrophic hard #Brexit. 
U.K. #Brexit negotiators are developing a plan to solve the Irish border issue by keeping the whole of the U.K. aligned with a subset of the #EU’s single market rules, according to British officials. 
Never felt so angry about the divisions that Brexit has unleashed and without a #FinalSay can't see these disappearing any time soon  
Corbyn literally supports the Conservative government's flagship policy, Brexit, while @mrjamesob and @OwenSmith_MP both oppose it and use their positions to undermine it. This is why people talk about a cult. 
On top of new tariffs and non-tariff barriers, the return of roaming charges after Brexit will cost small and medium-sized business travellers to EU up to £778 a month, says new research  
#Brexit is an undefined dream, supported by a minority of far right ministers and not understood by the electorate. It's opposed by the majority of the government and the opposition. Treasury analysis shows it's economically destructive. So why are they continuing? 
Sadiq Khan accuses ministers of stalling over post-Brexit environment watchdog  
I’m now boycotting nearly all tv and radio news. The lies and mis reporting is too stressful to listen to. Brexit, Corbyn, Trump, May, EU, Trans, racism etc etc it’s a non stop diet of identity politics. We don’t need it in our lives. 
LabCon are driving the country towards #Brexit while showing total contempt for the pro-EU half of the country. They won't listen to us.They deny us a #FinalSay. Well let's use the local elections to give them a kick in the brexits they can't ignore!#StopBrexit #ABTV #WATON 
POLL: 55% of Welsh voters think UK was right to vote for Brexit. Sorry Remoaners - no Bregrets!  
Two years since brexit ref and a year until the UK is ejected from the EU by automatic operation of law, and the UK's main opposition party still hasn't entirely grasped the basic mechanics of how any of this works.  
Exclusive: Barry Gardiner told an event in Brussels that parliamentarians should be prepared to vote for a Brexit deal they don't agree with  
Pressure grows on PM over Brexit Cambridge Analytica scandal  
The more you read about this, the more perfect a metaphor for Brexit it becomes.  
Just received my Poll Card for the local elections on 3rd May. Cannot vote Labour. Definitely can not vote Tory. Will research best Anti Brexit Tactical Voting candidate.#ABTV 
In another attempt to defy the Referendum result by the back door, Labour Shadow Brexit Secretary Keir Starmer says Labour will table a motion in Parliament that in reality will have the potential to block #Brexit. 
Vote Leave alleged to have cheated. An urgent and quick investigation must happen. This calls into question the whole #brexit process. The clock is ticking. #ExitFromBrexit 
Return of roaming charges after Brexit will cost business travellers to EU up to £778 a month, says new research  
Labour's Brexit trade chief Barry Gardiner suggested at a private meeting in Brussels that parliamentarians will have to vote for May's Brexit deal, even if they disagree with it.  
Poll by @SkyData suggests 53% of people in Wales think Brexit will be good for the country overall compared with 44% of the UK 
The Sun’s ‘Brexit bargains’ is the most satisfying correction you’ll see this week  
‘But we paid for it!’ EU to EXCLUDE UK from vital £2.3billion military tech after Brexit  
Pressure grows on PM over Brexit whistleblower scandal.Campaigners at @BestForBritain have written to Theresa May demanding an investigation into what members of her cabinet and her own staff knew. The public have a right to know the answers. #FBPE 
‘how does Cambridge Analytica/SCL connect to the secret £435,000 funnelled to the DUP’s Brexit campaign? We now have one answer: that the man who controlled the biggest shareholding in SCL for more than a decade is represented by a key ally of the DUP’  
The allegations about undue foreign influence and Cambridge Analytica and so on are serious.But the primary reason why Trump and Brexit happened is that liberals and progressives became complacent, and they lost. 
Brexit is going to happen. Even more so if you join the @LibDems. Tell me HOW you’d like @jeremycorbyn to stop Brexit. Because the way I see it: he can’t.  
READ: new research reveals that post-Brexit roaming charges will cost business travellers to EU up to £778 per month. Please RT:  
From the horse's mouth: Freight leaders issue warning about hard Brexit  
There have been a lot of Remainers who have claimed they will not vote Labour because of it's #Brexit position. They also claim to represent everyone who voted Remain.I voted Remain and have to say they DO NOT speak for me. 
What would you rather spend a million pounds on per day - the emergency services, housing, homeless disabled  or Brexit...... FOR ME ITS A NO BRAINER  
At the beginning of 2016 UK has the fastest growing economy in the G7 group. Since the Referendum it is now the slowest. #economy #growth #FBPE #UKBiz #FinalSay #ABTV 
Dear @BBCNews, the #GreatNorthernMarch happened on Saturday. Brexit will affect all our lives for many years to come but you chose not to report it. Instead you gave priority to ball tampering in a game of cricket. Reflect on this act of censorship at your editorial meeting today 
Tony Blair is to brand the Government's Brexit strategy “dangerously irresponsible" as he steps up calls for a second EU referendum.  
Those lying scumbags at @TheSun forced to publish a lengthy correction for their completely full of bollocks article, shared by @Jacob_Rees_Mogg, claiming how cheap food will be after Brexit.You won’t be surprised to hear it was complete and utter nonsense.  
Hey @BBCNews and @BBCr4today this story is about documented evidence of potential cheating in the referendum. It's about fairness and the integrity of our democracy. It's NOT about a personal relationship. 
‘95% of @libdems members wanting to stay in Customs Union, 96% wanting to stay in Single Market, &  91% want a referendum on the final Brexit deal’It’s great to be in a party where aims of leadership & parliamentarians are fully in tune with its members  
I'd love to 'jog on', @IsabelOakeshott ... unfortunately, the Brexit you don't want other journalists to investigate is going to destroy the family business my wife has worked tirelessly to build. So jogging on really isn't an option for me or the many others in my position.  
Oh dear. The Brexit Ultras are going to be apoplectic that not only have UKGov dropped their objections to Permanent Structured Cooperation (Pesco, which they like to wrongly call an EU Army), but are now begging the EU27 to be part of it.Take back control! @PrivateEyeNews 
A Brexit that can work for everyone**Does not include Northern Ireland  
First @YvetteCooperMP on Russia, next @OwenSmith_MP on Brexit, then @ChukaUmunna on antisemitismRepeat every chance you get.If it looks like a coup,smells like a coup, and feels like a coup then it’s probably a another attempt at a coup.We are not fooled.#ChangeIsComing 
Brexit is a de facto ERG/Momentum joint enterprise. There is no way brexit could have got as far as it has without Mr Corbyn whipping "his" MPs to keep brexit on the road.  
And now Nick Robinson starting a discussion on Vote Leave based on question ‘was the referendum rigged?’ FFS. That’s not the issue. It’s whether law was broken and how. 
At Edinburgh #MarchForEurope I could see the importance of speakers from all parties coming together: the power of that was incredible. I know it can be hard on some issues, but we must overcome party politics. Brexit is so much bigger than party politics. Please try. 
I voted for Brexit because I wanted UK Independence, freedom to sign bilateral trade agreements, secure borders & to have controlled immigration. No organisation or person influenced me, but some spoke for me. It was my own choice. And there are millions like me who did the same. 
Are the accusations against the Vote Leave campaign of exceeding legal spending limits the latest "salvo" by Remainers to derail the Brexit vote? Watch again ▼@JuliaHB1 | @NadineDorries |  
The Brexiters (aided and abetted by big data analytics firms) needed to sway just 634,751 people (2% of voters) with their lies in order to win the referendum.  £365m for NHS.  Turkey joining the EU.  No one threatening place in single market.  Lies.  Lies.  Lies.  
Stating the obvious for the hard of thinking: a referendum where the result is within 2% of a 50/50 split resolves absolutely nothing. The result was not a "win for leave", it was "no consensus". Usually a lack of consensus means the status quo should prevail. 
Darren Grimes received the mysterious donation from Vote Leave. If Darren Grimes was part of the Vote Leave campaign... this would be illegal. Boris et al assure us Darren is nothing to do with Vote Leave #Referendum #FBPE 
David Davis has said that, despite the 'transition agreement', the Government are still planning for a no-deal Brexit. Although 'planning' for Davis could well be some scratched together notes on a piece of scrap paper... #BrexitShambles #NoDeal #r4today 
It's not generally known but over £2.5m of this went on website and digital media. In other words, UK govt was doing what remoaners accuse Russia of doing.There are always interesting pro-#Brexit perspectives at  
I'll be out delivering Labour newsletters today #LabourDoorstep The sun is shining, nobody's talking about Brexit or anti semitism, situation normal. Tories are facing a bad night on 3 May local elections thanks to Corbyn Labour manifesto #ForTheMany #IStandWithJeremyCorbyn 
Pressure grows on PM over Brexit Cambridge Analytica scandal  
Running through my texts and calls in past 12 hours it feels as if Labour dissent is at its most fevered since election. Anger not just about antisemitism but Jeremy Corbyn’s approach to Russia and Brexit. Familiar backbench tensions boiling over again, whether surprising or not. 
Remoaners latest demented line to discredit Brexit — ‘gullible Britons were brainwashed by spooky Americans into voting Leave.’ What will the stop Brexit crowd try next? I don't know. But you can be sure it will be an insult to our intelligence... 
No deal Brexit could cost the UK retail industry an extra £7.8bn  
Good find, Otto. So @IsabelOakeshott you said on Marr there was no link between Cambridge Analytica and Leave. But before the referendum you wrote there was. So you’re telling porkies?  @carolecadwalla #brexit #CambridgeAnalytica 
Important that we ask the difficult questions of the PM and the government; see the @BestForBritain letter to the PM highlighted in today’s @guardian  Pressure grows on PM over Brexit Cambridge Analytica scandal  
So how is that whole #DUPCoalition/#Brexit thing working out...? 
Ball tampering, splashed all over the fucking news, tampering with a fucking ball to influence the outcome of a fucking GAME! Same, reports of CA tampering with democracy in US elections. Reporting mass protests of peaceful concerned citizens against Brexit, Naaaahhh! Fuck you!  
It’s Monday.And the noose is tightening around #Brexit. No sane person would consider the current state of affairs a sound basis for such monumental constitutional change.#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Growing fear about #Brexit from businesses and bankers. It’s crazy to jeopardise the U.K. economy & therefore all our livelihoods for some half baked ideology that Britain would be better off outside the EU @Labour4EU @labour4europe @EuroLabour 
“And all of this just for wanting to vote in a referendum.”#RogueSpain 
THIS is the question that must be posed over and over: why isn't M. Rajoy and Spain making any attempt to talk with Catalonia? Over 80% wanted the referendum, independentist numbers continue to grow. Why do they refuse to listen? This is the root of the problem.#RogueSpain 
Cambridge Analytica and Brexit: what next?  via @richardjmurphy The decline and fall of the UK 
In both the #Brexit referendum & the 2016 US election, populist options won by the slimmest of electoral margins.In both cases, winners were engaged in what appears to be significant campaign finance fraud, at a minimum.Would it have made a difference? 
Tom Brake - Did the health committee find anything positive about #Brexit from a health perspective?Ben Bradshaw - Not that I can recall.#StopBrexit #FBPE @thomasbrake @BenPBradshaw 
Brexit is turning into a disaster, says Vote Leave chief As the Brexiteers start turning on each other and everybody blames everybody else for the Brexit disaster I think we are really getting somewhere#BrexitGate #FinalSayForAll 
Tony Blair returns to the Brexit debate to call again for a second referendum  
UK, 2016: Brexit means BrexitEU, 2018: Brexit means BrexitUK: So unfair! 
“The idea… that the campaign was legitimate is false.” A Brexit insider accuses Vote Leave of cheating - in response the PM’s political secretary denies the claims and “outs” the accuser as gay. #TheBrexitWhistleblower   
An exclusive LBC poll has found more voters say delivering Brexit is a greater priority than keeping Northern Ireland part of the United Kingdom. 
You’re rather missing the point @michaelgove What the emerging evidence suggests is that the campaign you ran broke the rules and that the referendum was far from free and fair#Brexitgate 
One of the most refreshing voices to emerge from the EU referendum campaign was my @BrexitCentral colleague @darrengrimes_. The ongoing attacks on him from disgruntled Remain campaigners in denial of the referendum result are both sad and depressing  
Because it is not a second referendum but one on the outcome of the negotiations.The first referendum was "let's go on a trip to the land of milk and honey"What will be delivered is anything but.Why not consult people on what they are actually getting?  
A former Brexit volunteer alleges the campaign "cheated"  
Brexit campaign was ‘totally illegal’, Vote Leave whistleblower claims. #TheBrexitWhistleblower WATCH THE FULL STORY: 
Dear @BBCRadio4 @BBCr4today,There were many protests across the UK this weekend & thousands of people who feel quite strongly turned out to demand a stop be put to the ruinous self-harm that is Brexit.It´s good to listen.@acgrayling @Andrew_Adonis @StopBrexitMarch #StopBrexit 
After travelling from Spain to Leeds for the #GreatNorthernMarch to represent @BremainInSpain, I was very excited to meet up with my brother-in-law Mick Carey and niece @ameliarcarey1 to protest against Brexit. What a great #StopBrexit day! @LeedsEurope @StopBrexitMarch 
'The Achilles Foot of Brexit': my column in this week's @TheNewEuropean on Ireland, Brexit & why six words undermine the whole thing - 'Good Friday Agreement' & 'full regulatory alignment' 
FT journos: “The Brexit secretary may be enthusiastic about leaving the EU but, on his tour around European capitals, he has struggled to find interlocutors who think the project is anything other than mad at worst or an unwelcome distraction at best.” 
Growing evidence suggesting Brexit involved a criminal conspiracy going to heart of U.K. govt. yet @UKLabour still “respects” the decision! 
Pressure grows on PM over Brexit Cambridge Analytica scandal  
EU’s Galileo satellite GPS system may be kept from UK after Brexit. I must have missed that warning on my ballot paper!  
UK parliament must have power to stop 'No Deal' Brexit, says opposition Labour  
The many marches around the UK this week in protest against Brexit were ignored by the media.What should we do next? 
The Canadian firm that placed digital ads for Vote Leave and other Brexit campaign groups was set up in discussion with Cambridge Analytica's parent company, licensed all its software from it, and for a time received almost all its income from it  
So now that I've introduced myself I'd like to talk about my nation's recent land designation referendum. Or as I like to call it a modern day land surrender. It was 57 acres of land in two locations. The length of the lease is 99 years. 
Vote Leave was an appropriation of Brexit by the Tory mafia. Many of these malevolent forces have been stalking politics for decades just waiting to strike. #Brexit  
Brexit delivers longer blow to bank sentiment than global crisis - survey  
Every day until the two year anniversary of the Brexit vote on 23/6 we will be posting a picture from the #MarchForEurope There are too many people from all across Scotland who came demanding #DemocracyOnBrexit, and they cannot be forgotten or ignored. #AlwaysEuropean  
So she doesn't want a sea border, she doesn't want a land border, but she still supports a hard Brexit.At what point are Leavers going to stop lying to themselves and accept reality?#FBPE 
Exclusive @globeandmail #cdnpoli : Canadian consultant Chris Wylie cites Brexit campaign fund misuse as he attacks AggregateIQ — a BC firm he says he urged his former mentor in the Liberal Party to start up five years ago.   
B.C. firm was used to violate U.K. election spending laws ahead of Brexit, whistle-blowers say  
Blair returns to the Brexit debate as calls for a new referendum grow  
Former Brexit volunteer alleges campaign "cheated"  
The new Cambridge Analytica whistleblower allegations about #Brexit. @traciemac_Bmore 
Right, now they are “rather silly”. This feeble response admits Cummings’ key point: that Vote Leave had written permission from the Electoral Commission to donate to Be Leave. Making Sunday’s Observer splash “a lie”.Disgraceful, and not journalism. #Brexit #CambridgeAnalytica 
I'm a former @UKLabour Party member and I approve this message.  #ABTV #Brexit  
Brexit: Armageddon on hold - In the early autumn, we're thinking of holding a conference in London, under the  and/or THA banner.  This might be a better option than simply counting down the days to disaster...  #Brexit.  
Should I just accept the result of a gerrymandered EU referendum that gained millions of votes for the Norway model which was never available & only narrowly won by illegal overspending?   
“Property owners, on the other hand, do not have to ask for their Mortgage Interest Deduction through a popular referendum every time they claim it.”This is amazing.   
Carles Puigdemont faces up to 30 years prison time in Spain for heading an illegal independence referendum in October.  
It would be great if we could discuss individual coaching/rotation/strategy decisions without each micro-example being a referendum on the overall quality of the coach. 
Exclusive: How a tiny Canadian IT company helped swing the Brexit vote for Leave   
Any kind of Brexit will destroy jobs and harm the economy. That's what the government’s own analysis has shown. Your claim is therefore a calculated, cynical lie.#FBPE 
Quite right. Brexit is not inevitable. The public need an option to #StopBrexit. 
#Britain will suffer its biggest national humiliation since the #Suez crisis if the country stays tied to the #EU after #Brexit, #JacobReesMogg warns!  #Brexit #BBC #SKY #LBC @ConHome #Tory #UK #EU #ConservativeParty @Conservatives #Conservatives #Tories 
‘This is about the integrity of the democratic process’ - @YvetteCooperMPThe chair of the Home Affairs Select Committee on allegations that Vote Leave cheated in the referendum campaign.Watch and see why we need an option to #StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
@TheresaMEP @MollyMEP @CarolineLucas @Anna_Soubry  Correct! Here is what Sec State @DavidDavisMP MP said about use of referendums back in 2002. Whichever way people decide to vote, the outcome of their choice should be clear. Exact opposite has happened with Brexit @Labour4EU 
Pay is falling behind productivity – with Brexit-voting areas worst off  
I used to believe that the BBC were the broadcasters of the news but no more when they don’t broadcast anything that is anti Brexit. It s very sad that they are no longer the broadcasters of choice for news. #bbc @BBCNews 
Pressure grows on PM over Brexit Cambridge Analytica scandal  
MPs demand police investigate allegations of Vote Leave ‘cheating’.... Only Tory MEP David Campbell Bannerman thinks the journalists should be investigated by the police.....Vellcome to 1938.....take back control. 
None of the Brexit Mess is an X Files story line. The boring truth of it has been made public by people like me for ages. And nobody really cared until it was worth circulation figures.That’s the saddest thing about this.  
UK parliament must have power to stop 'No Deal' Brexit, says opposition Labour  
Vote Leave Brexit campaign 'cheated' to bend referendum spending rules, whistleblower claims  
A referendum won by a pack of half truth tellers and cheats is hardly a reason to leave the EU and damage Britain and the future of our nation and its place in the world. It is time the Parliament stopped supporting the Brexit lies. #StopBrexit 
Jeremy Corbyn is playing a strategic long game to overturn #brexitEvery bit as plausible as....Nick Clegg is playing a strategic long game to ensure #Brexit#fbpe #abtv #stopbrexit #FinalSay #BrexitFraud #BrexitLies #PredictTheNextCorbynSmear 
I know this is probably a bad time to bring this up, but Devil’s advocate does dictate even Vote Leave and  should be allowed one saving grace:Even with Cambridge Analytica, they underperformed Russia on pro-leave influence during the Brexit vote.  
Or maybe it's Corbyn who's scuppering Labour's chances by supporting Brexit.#FBPE 
If #Brexit goes ahead despite the latest revelations, then democracy has failed. 
The push for open borders, unlimited immigration, the EU, the resistance to Britain's vote in favor of Brexit, the desire to take guns from all people worldwide.All of this is a push to a "One World Government".One of the EU architects spelled this out. 
You will find that the hatred of the EU has been building for years before the referendum. Every time Britain signed another ‘treaty’ we lost out. Remember the EU ‘Constitution’ that suddenly became a ‘treaty’ ? We saw through it all!   
@franunsworth Head of BBC News needs to explain why the BBC is afraid to report on the Anti Brexit campaign or doesn't want to   #FBPE @RobBurl @campbellclaret @spaceangel1964 
 Across the pond 30,000 Britons march in support of @realDonaldTrump!#MBGA#Birmingham#Brexit#MAGA#KeepAmericaGreat#TrumpTrain#RedWaveRising#QAnon#WeThePeople#GreatAwakening#AdjunctProfessrShow Britain a little  
Rather than blame @OwenSmith_MP, Corbyn's supporters should ask why the Labour leader has so dogmatically stuck to a #Brexit policy which will harm the many, and why he denies the people a #FinalSay. #StopBrexit #ABTV 
‘I couldn’t support the Tories over Brexit any longer.’@Kishan_Devani former Deputy Chair of the London Conservatives, tells us why he recently left the @Conservatives & joined the @LibDems his concern were that Tories were fixated on an ideological hard #Brexit at any cost  
I am seriously worried about my generation's views on many topics, such as freedom of speech, antisemitism, Brexit and many more. I feel it is my duty to fight for what I think is right, even if most of my peers think I am crazy.  
There’s more and more evidence here that Vote Leave may have won the referendum by cheating.Share this widely and make up your own mind on whether there’s a case to #StopBrexit. 
In other words, Britain can break apart over Brexit, but Labour can’t  
UK Prime Minister's adviser outed #Brexit 'corruption' whistleblower, putting him & his family in #Pakistan in potential danger. Reckless & ruthless revenge? Homophobic? 
 Question: Why do @BBC give so much coverage to cheating in cricket but relatively little coverage to firm evidence of cheating by Brexiteers during EU Referendum campaign? Answer : It's not cricket ! 
So Brexit now isolates Britain from space as well as earth  
23.6m registered UK voters didn't vote for Brexit.  What have you or any of your Brexiteer parliamentary colleagues done to engage this majority?  Can't remember?  Let me help you. NOTHING  
So, the week ahead: more Brexit damage, broken democracy, Russia, another NHS crisis and more anti-semitism. Deep breath.  #EnoughIsEnough 
Remember when this happened? Were we, or MPs, ever told what caused the govt’s voter registration website to crash only days before EU referendum? Does MI5 know? Is Russia suspected? Why isn’t this being looked at again?  
If the Brit Est. rigged the EU referendum they rigged Scotland's independence referendum!  
Yes.. Jon Snow and Ms Cadwalladr.Truly brave and fearless journalists just like the BBCnused to be. Brexit and the Govt will be overwhelmed bynthis story.lits exactlynhow Watergate started. 
We live on an island where ball tampering at big boy's rounders causes more outrage than referendum tampering at the Brexit vote. 
The UK is doing just fine, thanks. Despite all the dire Brexit forecasts, the UK has had a strikingly good year. Leaving the EU may well boil down to far less, economically, than anyone thought.  
NEW: Labour wants to amend Brexit bill to give parliament more say“It would remove the possibility of a no vote leading to a no deal. It would bring back control to parliament,” @Keir_Starmer 
What national message will votes in the local council elections in England send:Tory: Theresa May keep going with hard Brexit and the mad cutsLabour: We don't want a hard Brexit or more cuts, we want a changeOther: Theresa May keep going with hard Brexit and the mad cuts  
My story. I used to vote Labour until an obscure chancer backed by a militant group managed to become Labour leader. He is an old style Stalinist extremist but likes to project an avuncular image. He now does everything he can to make Brexit happen and end our freedoms.  
“Some cricketers in a match not involving Britain cheat” leads @BBCNews at 10, not “Evidence shows #Brexit campaign led by two Ministers was fraudulent” 
Did the Scottish Independence Referendum pass Mr Grayling by?  
Even as a cricket fan I'm bemused as to how on earth a ball tampering incident, in an #SAvAUS test match, can lead the @BBCNews . Nothing else to report on #brexit or #CambridgeAnalytica ? Everyone else has found a story! 
When talking about fishing in Scotland it's a bad idea to treat it as one single industry. From the graph you can see that one third of the value of the fishing industry in Scotland is shellfish and as that all goes to the EU they will be hard hit by Brexit with no gain at all.  
But it also shows: fall-out from industrial post-Brexit competition can poison the atmosphere and negatively impact broader security discussions. For the sake of European security UK&EU should be careful not to blur the lines between 1) Galileo contracts and 2) PRS access. (end) 
This shows: that a crucial element of the UK-EU post Brexit security treaty and the defence cooperation arrangements will have to be an information sharing agreement. 
Here we go again. Something else pretty major the British have forgotten about due to #Brexit - #Galileo  Williamson can “hit the roof” as much as he likes, but either he was told and didn’t act, or his officials were lax. Neither is a good look. 
An outraged @BBCNews leading with several reports on Australian's cheating at cricket.....Tories cheating our country out of a intergenerational impact referendum only gets a 30 second third item spot!!!!! Priorities lads priorities!!!!  
If remain had won and there were similar allegations of misconduct there would be no political interest from within the bubble. Not a sausage. And that's ultimately why we voted against the establishment.  It's self-serving and parasitic. #Brexit 
If the Brit Est. rigged the EU referendum they sure as hell rigged Scotland's independence referendum!  
Corbyn+antisemitism / NHS funding crisis / Facebook+Cambridge Analytica / No10 aide accused of outing ex-partner / Catalan leader arrested / bloody Brexit.And the BBC is leading with ball tampering. In cricket. In Australia. 
BBC thinks cheating in cricket should be the lead story on its main news but potential cheating in the refererendum not really news worthy.    Ball tampering trumps referendum tampering. :-( 
NYT reports on @carolecadwalla’s duo of whistleblowers ripping open Trump election and Brexit referendum thru the #CambridgeAnalytica dark data catastrophe. 
BREAKING: @campbellclaret will literally fight every single Brexiteer one on one until Brexit is stopped.  
When we learnt the #Brexit vote was won by lying on a scale not seen since Nazi Germany it would have been fair to nullify it. Same when we learnt people no longer want it & that it will cost us £2bn a week.Now we know they CHEATED too it's an absolute NO BRAINER#stopbrexit 
If Vote Leave cheated in the #brexit #referendum , what can be done?@InFactsOrg 
Yes @Keir_Starmer. I used to respect you. You're now just a Brexit lackey. Such a swift fall from grace.  
It is time to start speaking the language of 'independence'. We didn't vote for something called 'Brexit'; we voted for *independence*. The complex disentanglement now taking place shows just how subservient we had become to the EU. A vote to leave was a vote for independence. 
On #BBC coverage of #Brexit in general, and Brexit protest marches in particular.  Dedicated to all who joined a #MarchForEurope!  #StopBrexit #Remain #FBPE #ABTV #WATON 
Liberal Democrat Brexit spokesman Tom Brake said police should be called in..."The referendum had a very narrow outcome. One of the biggest exercises in democracy must not turn out to be one of Britain’s biggest electoral frauds”Indeed!#BrexitGate 
About those claims by the Unreconciled-Remainer conspiracy-theorists that the EU Referendum was "unfairly" skewed.They're right - but in the opposite way to what they claim.Oh, & Remain spend *excludes* the Govt £9m pro-Remain leaflet [H/T charts @Raedwald & @julianHjessop] 
If all those calling for a second referendum are so confident they will win they must also pledge that to rescind #Brexit the vote must be at least 60% in favour otherwise there will be anarchy. 
Was also working on this story, but hats off to @GeorgeWParker et al in standing this up first- it’s spot on ... significant implications for planned post-GPS infrastructure from UK post-Brexit exclusion from Galileo ...  
Corbyn is stuck between a rock and a hard place over Brexit. Half the electorate want it and half don’t. Also, not his faultStop saying ‘antisemitic’ when what you really mean is anti-zionist, they’re not the same. You are allowed to criticise Israel#PredictTheNextCorbynSmear 
"The UK defence department is having “early discussions” on whether Britain could launch its own satellite system to break its dependence on the US system and its possible exclusion from the Galileo military application." This is the kind of madness that #Brexit is breeding. 
It drives me nuts every time somebody says that a referendum to stop #brexit will put Pandora back into her box. 30 years of neo liberalism is collapsing in on itself b/c of Brexit. Also, I am 95 and still on the stump so don't ever lecture me about being resigned.  
Gina Miller says she isn't campaigning to "stop Brexit".She then takes part in a debate which holds the question; "Should we stop Brexit?"She is seriously taking people for fools. What she says and what she does are two completely different things.  
He’s my sisters and she has given up on fighting because of @Keir_Starmer she’s resigned to corbyn Brexit nightmare. This is Starmer   
Kier Starmer is my MP. I’m going to attend his next surgery to confront him on Brexit. His own ‘6 Conditions’ should make Labour support for Tory Brexit impossible - plus referendum lies & illegality: I want to hear from his own lips how he can justify what he said this week. 
PART 4: Brexit campaign was ‘totally illegal’, claims whistleblower  
Data Democracy and Dirty Tricks: @Channel4News' ongoing investigation into both Cambridge Analytica – the British data firm linked to Trump’s win – and the Brexit campaign.Watch the four reports so far below: 
Spoke to my mother-in-law about Brexit. She voted leave. She says she feels she was lied to. In a criminal case, if a defendant if found guilty on the basis of inaccurate evidence a retrial can be proposed. If the public were misled before a referendum shouldn’t that matter?  
Brexit: Nearly one in seven EU companies with UK suppliers have moved some of their business out of Britain.People were promised Brexit would leave more money for the NHS. Instead, it is costing jobs.The public need a #FinalSay to #StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
Using Digital Firm, Brexit Campaigners Skirted Spending Laws, Ex-Employee Says  – @ddknyt via @nytimes 
.Brexit Problems....."French companies are expected be the main beneficiaries if the UK were excluded from the next round of tendering for sensitive contracts.". 
Shouldn't the big brexit story this week be the BBC news completely ignoring tens of thousands of people marching to protest against it ? Or are you so desperate for ratings and government approval you prefer to show Farage throwing fish in the thames ? 
Interesting that Leave EU’s Comms Director responds to allegations of serious rules breaches with “the other side did it more”. Just like the “both sides lied” defence, it doesn’t  validate the result. Impropriety on both sides discredits the referendum more, not less. Desperate.  
Petition to Make Blue Brexit Passports in Britain Clears 100,000 Signatures in a Day  
Again, if Brexit is so toxic to the voters why aren't the Lib Dems whose sole mantra now is to rescind Brexit not sky rocketing in the polls rather than languishing  at 7%. Doesn't that tell you that no matter how bad this Brexit business is the voters are entrenched?  
I think it's great that an issue like Brexit can divide the nation but we can all still agree on the little everyday things like Owen Jones being a weasely little wankstain. 
So many people on Social Media say the @BBC & @BBCNews have a Pro #Brexit bias. Shows like #bbcqt that have @Nigel_Farage on 32 times but no Pro-EU MEP's. Then we have Pro #Brexit journalists like @BBCNickRobinson and @AnddrewMarr9 - And now, this...  #FinalSay #StopBrexit 
On Tuesday the 8th Amendment referendum bill comes to the Seanad. It was an honour to sit on #8committee and I am so grateful to be a member of the Oireachtas at such a historical time. Another step in the right direction. #repealthe8th 
WATCH | "We need to confirm to the British people, who believe in fair play, if they were cheated in that referendum campaign. I think that would help build further steam behind a vote on the deal." Agree with @ThomasBrake? Add your name: #LeaveLiars 
1. No, you patently don't. You're not giving one inch on the hardest possible brexit.2. "Free and fair vote"? Do you think we don't watch CH4?3. "Respected" ≠ "hijacked for the purposes of a coup d'etat".4. No, it's your job to sell this crock of sh*t. We're not buying it. 
A cricketer tampers with a ball and there's an international outcry....Vote Leave tamper with the referendum and we're told, oh it doesn't mattter...after all, it's not as if the most crucial vote in British history is as important as cricket.   
‘Concerned citizens against lesbians ex-nuns’. Ya gotta love this country! That was when 2 women who happened to be lesbian and ex nuns, & wrote a book about their life, appeared on the Late Late, 1985 - 2 years after ‘83 referendum. The Catholic Right was on a roll back then  
I don't know how many times this must be said but Corbyn neither created Brexit nor is he forcing Brexit on people today. This is a myth created by those whose motivation is to stop the things Corbyn's leadership of Labour stands for, namely a return of Britain to the people.  
In June 2016 I voted for what I thought was right for the country I love. Since then I have tried to convince people to change their minds because I believe that Brexit is damaging that country. I’ve been called a traitor and told I have no respect for democracy. I am so angry. 
Wow, just wow! As Turkey's Jihadist mercenaries ethnically cleanse Kurdish Afrin you don't even mention it but couch it as 'humanitarian work' and that you work in 'partnership. This is acquiescing with fascism. Is this what 'Brexit' now means. Taking part in genocide?  
I can't keep up with all the reasons for #Brexit. There seems to be a new one every week. It doesn't really make sense. Could it be the EU is unpopular because it has failed the people? No, no it's the electorate who are wrong. 
Wall St Journal Essay: Brexit Britain is Strong, Happiness is High, Remainers Remarkably Wrong  
This is a very complicated but compelling narrative. If the documentary evidence supports it (& I know it’s been thoroughly lawyered by one of the best media lawyers in the business) it would prove Vote Leave illegally overspent on EU Referendum.  
So on the day where more potentially illegal acts by Leave campaigns are exposed, Corbyn and Starmer nail their colours to the Brexit mast. 
This is beyond grim. The depths Downing Street will plumb to justify a Brexit few behind the black door still believe is sane:  
We need to think more ambitiously than a second EU Referendum.New writing from me at my blog. 
2/ case for a ratification referendum rises as revelations about breaches of law increase - US probe into Russia/Brexit ongoing... 
Even with more money, endorsements from celebrities, endorsements from the most powerful man in world & fear tactics from the remain side - it is sheer courage, self-belief & determination, that the #British people voted for #Brexit. Let's celebrate that.  
I don’t think the BeLeave scandal invalidates Brexit result in its own; Labour should defeat Mays deal in parliament, bring down Govt 1/ but 
In light of Theresa May’s approach to going ahead with #Brexit regardless of the consequences - are the @Conservatives letting down the UK?Please RT after you vote for a larger sample. 
Brexit...when Rule Britannia became Fool Britannia...we always knew #VoteLeave was full of lies...now there may have been fraud as well. #CambridgeAnalytica . A great democracy like Britain's shouldn't be undermined like this...a full inquiry needed...criminal charges if proven. 
2/3 of Labour MPs represent leave seats. If you read this article you could be forgiven for thinking the journalist has never heard of something called democracy. Leave won. #Brexit is happening. Time to be positive.   
No. Big Brexit stories this week: Cambridge Analityca AND Vote Leave potentially breaching spending limits. But I wouldn't expect you to focus on those stories. Btw, there were also large demonstrations all over the country which were ignored by #@BBCNews #BBCBrexitBlackout 
Two single-sheet documents you are welcome to share and use in any way, or criticise constructively and politely:1. Why it isn't undemocratic to oppose Brexit.2. Why the EU isn't to blame for people's anger.  
No Owen, it's time to stop 'scapegoating' the common man, who is fed up of relentless mass immigration. If it was your council house gone, your son's school place lost, your hospital bed taken, and your daughter gang-raped, you'd blame them too. #OwenJones #Brexit  
"£350m was an official promise"Vote Leave aren't the Government.How can a campaign in a Referendum make a promise on behalf of the Government that are on the opposing side?!  
Do people think we enjoy battling the Brexit lie? That we like the abuse, the marginalisation from our own government and the demonisation of the press?We do it because it's right, not because it's easy.#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
If anyone from the Labour Party calls on your home ahead of the local elections do please tell them loudly and clearly that you won't vote for them unless and until they change their position on Brexit. 
Far from the 'Everybody lost' mantra now being perpetrated on Twitter, Brexit was the greatest gift that the people of the UK have given Britain for half a century. Before we've even left, we're witnessing the benefits of it: new factories, massive inward investment, rising wages 
Not sure this week’s orchestrated hit job on Brexit has really worked.  Beyond the Remain redoubts at Ch4/Guardian, pundits not buying efforts to delegitimise referendum. Demos, insofar as there’s been any cut thru, likely to be more Leave-leaning  
As it is with Rees-Mogg and pretty much all the vocal Brexit politicians  
Yup. It is hard honestly to see any difference between the way the No 10 press office now functions and the right-wing Brexit-supporting rags they're in constant touch with.  
Petition to Make Blue Brexit Passports in Britain Clears 100,000 Signatures in a Day  
“The idea… that the campaign was legitimate is false.” A Brexit insider accuses Vote Leave of cheating - in response the PM’s political secretary denies the claims and “outs” the accuser as gay. #TheBrexitWhistleblower   
when it comes to "brexit” the vast majority of the westminster lunatic asylum couldn't give a toss & continue to deny the referendum result of 2016, but also bend over backwards to give the corrupt fraud ridden EU monies we simply dont have. So much for democracy 
Europe's leaders call their countries "democracies," but most are now fake democracies. (The people elect their representatives, who then don't represent them at all bc they respond to the EU, not the people.  e.g. the people of England voted for Brexit almost two years ago.) 
Via PA - EU referendum spending - plus Govenment spent £9.3 million on a pro-Remain leaflet distributed to all UK households  
To my mind @Andrew_Adonis Is being dangerously overconfident. This is a battle in which the other side are powerful and willing to use every dirty trick in the book to gain their #BrexitTaxHaven.We have to fight with all our strength every inch of the way!#StopBrexit #Brexit  
“I know that Vote Leave cheated ... I know that people have been lied to and that the referendum wasn’t legitimate.”  
Why are the BBC playing down the Cambridge Analytica story? Whatever you think about Brexit, it's a massive story about democracy and unaccountable power.  
It seems more and more apparent that we are have been at war with Russia for some time. They have likely influenced both the #Brexit result and the 2016 Presidential election, and probably more. They wanted Le Pen in office but France was ready for Russia. #ProtectOurVotes 
Oh dear. Aamer Anwar having a ‘mare on Sky News.He cannot hide his bias!He forgets that the referendum was illegal. The Catalan leaders were told not to hold the vote and they did it.The Rule of Law is pretty important, Spain is within its rights to defend itself. 
With £468m of research funding to Scottish science from the EU under threat from hard Brexit, it's no wonder Sir Anton Muscatelli, Principal of the University of Glasgow is concerned.  
Big Brexit story this week is not Cambridge Analytica. It is Labour hardening up its position as @Keir_Starmer says “Article 50 was triggered a year ago. I don’t think there is any realistic prospect of it being revoked. Therefore we will be leaving the EU in March 2019.” 
Brexit prize draw!0.5% of population get a tax haven and ultra right paradise.1.5% get a pat on the head and to retain power over the remaining 98%98.0% Get to pay for it all, less rights, lower living standards and services plus blue passports.Oh what fun. 
Brexit poses a bigger threat to the legitimacy of Britain’s political institutions than attempts to reverse it.Britain faces wrenching economic adjustment and an unprecedented loss of political influence.We need a #FinalSay to #StopBrexit. #FBPE 
Let's make it simple.Brexit won in 2016. But it's a disaster for this country, that can and must be stopped.  
‘@georgegalloway: Anti-Brexit establishment forces care nothing for the referendum, nor for democracy itself. 
Do you feel betrayed by #Labour? We have the worst opposition in living memory against THE most evil, divisive, corrupt government. The so-called leader of the Opposition shows no leadership and backs Tory Brexit, which will impoverish the nation. Time to be...rude to Labour.  
David Davis: UK could REFUSE to pay the EU £40bn Brexit divorce bill  
It's not about tech though is it Matt? It is about thwarting Brexit.  
All this guff about a 'UK single/internal market' is designed to divert our attention from the creation of the post Brexit 'UK Superstate' and cover to strip powers from our Parliament. On my blog.   
5 Ways the Remain Camp Cheated During Brexit…. And Still Lost!  
UK: The reason why most polls now have Remain narrowly ahead is not because more voters have switched from Leave to Remain than have made the journey in the opposite direction (poll of polls by ICM, Opinium, Survation, NatCen Social Research). #Brexit  
This is an interesting question: “Why did Vote Leave donate £625,000 to a 23-year-old fashion student during the referendum?” This is a mind blowing answer: “Vote Leave didn’t really give us that money, they just pretended to. We had no control over it. 
Brexit an open goal mouth today for @jeremycorbyn and once again he doesn’t dare go anywhere near it. Anyone seen him, by the way? 
There is plenty of evidence @bbcnickrobinson.  The @bbc fails to do its job and hold the government and the Brexit machine to account almost every single day.  
Just had the urge to close out Sunday with the simple statement that #Brexit is the most idiotic policy ever pursued by a British government. In May’s own words, no British PM could ever accept it.#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Smith claims he has the backing of his CLP.Pontypridd has 700+ members.We had a vote on a 'Ratification Referendum'.There were 16 votes in favour.That's 16 out of 700+ members.Hardly amounts to 'backing' does it Owen?  
Forget red lines, bellicose declarations and rhetoric about Britain taking back control — Brexit so far has been a process of managed surrender, from now on it’s likely to look very much like it has thus far: a thunderous standoff masking a gradual retreat 
There’s nothing secret about the millions of us wanting to overturn the Brexit vote. I do. I’m working for it publically.nor is it anti-democratic.  We have repeated votes on govt so public can change its mind. That’s how democracy works. If Brexit is so certain let’s vote again.  
The Tories think they can bring him down with a smear campaign and the Labour moderates think they can get a Stop Brexit leader off of the back of the Tory smear campaign. Have they not learned? Will they ever? Jeremy had a huge force behind him back then and it's bigger now. 
The stench of #Brexit corruption overpowering this country would make Hamlet's father's ghost gag with nausea. Don't take this bullshit anymore. Please march with us in London on the 23rd of June. pic.twitter.com/f2zfdkRQ97 
The Brexit Bus has downsized considerably, but the message remains to same.  
Meanwhile, on the hysterical Brexit fringe...  
TL:DR. I know Brexit is harmful, and the form of Brexit we propose is impossible cakeism, but the unity and electoral success of my party is just more important than any of that. People whose lives are ruined or made worse need to remember that. 
Irish people North & South also opted to endorse the Good Friday Agreement in free & fair votes. Our votes must be respected #brexit  
Absolutely. #CambridgeAnalytica targeting devastated #Brexit and the 2016 election - but it has everything to do with Russian intelligence and nothing to with Chris Wylie. *Dimitry Firtash* founded that institute @Cambridge_Uni in 2008, folks. 
Vote Leave said they couldn't have won the EU referendum without Canadian firm AIQ. Chris Wylie - the Cambridge Analytica whistleblower says that Brexit firm AIQ was effectively “CA’s Canadian branch”. AIQ deny the claim.   
Use the police to prevent the media uncovering illegality says Tory MEP. Inch by inch, Brexit moves us towards fascism.  
It's your job to figure out a Brexit that will deliver upon what you promised those 17.4m people.You're failing. Miserably. But that was inevitable wasn't it? Because you promised them something that simply wasn't possible.Maybe we should have a rethink, no?  
"I do not see an iota of evidence that anything Cambridge Analytica may or may not have done had any impact whatsoever on the #Brexit vote. I mean, I just feel that you’re chasing unicorns."  
The only violence in last October's referendum came from Spanish police who beat people lining up at polling stations 
BREXIT: Hmmm, the Mail (and the S*n) sure love focussing on the sexual orientation of whistleblowers who provide evidence of Vote Leave’s behaviour…  
Surely this should read: "Labour cannot allow the UK to break apart over Brexit." But of course that would mean them putting the country before their party.What a pathetic front bench.#FBPE 
ITV correctly reports "thousands", while the BBC says "hundreds".☞ Thousands join one of biggest anti-Brexit rallies in north #FBPE 
And right on cue: a woman who was a vocal Brexit cheerleader, using countless shady practices to back it, then deleted all online evidence & claimed no one called it Brexit, now has passion and remarkable inside info on it, now Brexit & Tories implicated. Meet @louisemensch 
Centrist & Centre Right Labour MPs less concerned with Corbyn's views on Brexit & his alleged anti semitism & more intent on bringing Corbyn down. Owen Smith is a back stabbing MP intent on doing as much damage to JC after his ignominious defeat by JC #JC4PM #ToriesOut 
Brexit campaign was ‘totally illegal’, Vote Leave whistleblower claims. #TheBrexitWhistleblower WATCH THE FULL STORY: 
#Brexit is about watching how well this tweet ages.  
Essential #Brexit point: Govt has respected Referendum vote by triggering A50 & starting negotiations. But if terms on offer don't match Leave campaign promises that we'll be better off, surely Parliament has duty to do what's best for our ppl in light of new info 
The Cambridge Analytica conspiracy theory exposes how much the liberal elite loathes the Brexit ‘plebs’. They view us as sheep led astray by memes and ads. It’s not Big Tech they fear; it’s democracy, and us.Brendan O’Neill on @JamesDelingpole’s podcast 
Every day until the two year anniversary of the Brexit vote on 23/6 we will be posting a picture from the #MarchForEurope  There are too many people from all across Scotland who came demanding #DemocracyOnBrexit, and they cannot be forgotten or ignored #AlwaysEuropean  
With Tom Watson hinting there should be a second referendum Labour are in danger of alienating millions of their supporters who backed Brexit 
VoteLeave stole the referendum and then bragged about how they did it. Possibly the stupidest criminals of all time. Patel, Johnson, Gove, Grayling, Farage, and company should be jailed for attempted treason, They’ve cost this country billions! #JailVoteLeave #JailBoris 
Well that's as unsurprising as it was predictable. Hopefully the UK now has the courage to dig into Brexit, Russia has form on this@ericgarland@lauferlaw@thespybrief@LouiseMensch 
Leftist advocacy groups are bulk blasting MPs with “hold another Brexit vote” pro forma emails following ludicrous allegations about mastermind collusions with Russia/Facebook/Deep State/Etc. But now they’ve been rumbled   
This week I will bring the 36th Constitutional Amendment Bill to the Seanad seeking a referendum to #Repealthe8th. Hoping the Bill passes this week. This would allow the Referendum Commission then start its public work and would allow a May date to be set for the referendum 
Wall St Journal Essay: Brexit Britain is Strong, Happiness is High, Remainers Remarkably Wrong  
I'm sorry @michaelgove but to for every 17 people that vote leave 16 voted to remain. Since then all your lies have been uncovered and debunked as fantasy. No one will ever respect the referendum and it certainly didn't give a mandate for this level of destruction. #stopbrexit 
Watch: New whistleblower evidence suggests cheating in the Brexit referendum. Was the public defrauded of a fair vote? See the evidence:  
I used to call this Widdicombe’s Law. See also Littlejohn’s Law. The problem with any ‘Redwood’s Law’ is that one John Redwood tells voters everything’s going swimmingly while the other advises investors to get their money out of Brexit Britain.  
Labour Deputy Tom Watson declares he's 'open' to a second EU referendum 
Coming up...For months our team at The Weekly has been looking into Canadian company #AggregateIQ & its alleged ties to #CambridgeAnalytica. In a joint investigation with @guardian @CBCNews can now reveal how the British Columbia firm is tied to new bombshell claims about Brexit.  
Coverage of Cambridge Analytica/BeLeave stuff predictably facile. No-one is suggesting the referendum result is invalid. But the possibility the winning campaign broke election law is obviously newsworthy and important. 
well Denmark had a second referendum on Maastricht and Ireland had two 2d refs on Nice and Lisbon and no one thought that was an outrage  
No the easy thing is to sit back and allow Brexit to happen. The right thing is to fight for a public vote once we know the facts, not the lies we were told by Brexiters during the referendum. Surprised at you Charlie.  
If the EU referendum were a horserace there would be a stewards enquiry. Shocking allegations in today’s Observer. The public deserve answers and must not be cheated – campaigns have to play by the rules. @LibDems case for a fair vote on the Brexit deal is stronger than ever  
The middle class people claim to care about Brexit out of concern for the working class people, who say they don't care about Brexit much now as they have other things to worry about. Should the middle class people stop shouting & listen to the working class people?  
1/ I’m sounding the alarm. After Brexit is done, the European Convention on Human Rights is the next target for those who drove the Leave movement. And it may well be successful [THREAD]  
Utterly wrong. According to the DExEU analysis, London stands to suffer least from hard Brexit. It is the region I grew up in - NE England - which stands to suffer the worst impact - GDP hit by 16%. There is *no* evidence that Freedom of Movement impacts wages. #brexitlies 
BREXIT WARNING From the EU DICTATORS : EU threatens @theresa_may ANY attempt to trade with USA will be 'UNACCEPTABLE' 
I don’t agree with Charlie. Can you explain how this job saving Brexit works ? 
‘Juncker and Merkel made Brexit a battle’ EU overreaction to Brexit BLAMED for deadlock  
BREAKING:  Carles Puigdemont, PM of #Catalonia arrested in Germany on #EU arrest warrant from Spain where he is wanted for "Sedition".He committed the crime of being democratically elected and then calling for an Independence Referendum which they won.#Spain #Democracy 
I disagree, because Brexit will only continue to divide for long years ahead. It'll be a disaster, and offer no healing. The right thing to do really is try and stop it.  
The easy thing for us Remainers is to keep on trying to thwart Brexit.  The right thing is to concentrate on achieving a Brexit which saves jobs, preserves as close a security  relationship with the 27 as now, preserves our constitution and its values,  and reunites the country. 
Seriously, why are these Trumptards so far up the ass of all this dodgy shit, all you can see is their toenails? Bolton being in the UK on the day of Brexit is suspect AFH/t  @Geurtie@LouiseMensch@counterchekist@thespybrief@ericgarland@dark_wisdom_@DrDenaGrayson 
Brexit director who created £350m NHS claim admits leaving EU could be 'an error'  
If the #UK held a new post-Brexit referendum to rejoin the #EU with the condition of replacing the pound with the #euro within two years, how would you vote?#Brexit #dailypoll 
“The idea… that the campaign was legitimate is false.” A Brexit insider accuses Vote Leave of cheating - in response the PM’s political secretary denies the claims and “outs” the accuser as gay. #TheBrexitWhistleblower   
Police must investigate 'claims Vote Leave cheated Brexit campaign spending rules'  
Here's a thread on Brexit-related Twitter activity with a dose of Kremlin thrown in for good measure. 
Common thread amongst #Brexit Ultras as #CambridgeAnalytica onion peels layer by layer. @JuliaHB1 @BorisJohnson @montie @LeaveEUOfficial @IsabelOakeshott @WestmonsterUK etc. all triggered. Would've thought @carolecadwalla exposé would've been ignored. Truth will out, chaps. 
"Brexit will make it harder for British gov's to effect change because it will weaken the country’s economy, divide its electorate ..." Indeed.Brilliant piece by @SimonTilford. Hard to disagree with any of his points. 
This is what they can’t bloody understand. Or just won’t hear. People don’t need Facebook or #CambridgeAnalytica or suggestions on the side of campaign buses #Brexit  
1. No, you patently don't. You're not giving one inch on the hardest possible brexit.2. "Free and fair vote"? Do you think we don't watch CH4?3. "Respected" ≠ "hijacked for the purposes of a coup d'etat".4. No, it's your job to sell this crock of sh*t. We're not buying it.  
Grabbed a quick chat with Lord Adonis as he left the rally. Wouldn't be drawn on Corbyn/Owen Smith, but did say if there was a referendum on the terms of leaving the EU, it's the new 2m young voters who could derail Brexit. 
Looking even better now @Andrew_Adonis and @mikegalsworthy are here talking some sense about Brexit!  
I'm in Bideford in Devon for a couple days. (Family thing). If anyone wants to meet up for a Brexit chat, whether you voted for or against it, please let me know below. 
Add to that the €160m paid by the EU to various pro-Remain lobby groups in the years leading up to the referendum and you begin to see just how big a feat it was to beat the Europhile propaganda machine.  
"common sense" and #brexit are poles apart.Which other country on earth at any time in history has actively pursued a policy which will wreak such horrific damage on itself, according to its own analysis?Businesses overwhelmingly want things left as they are for GOOD REASON.  
Chris Wylie’s newly exposed 2016 #Brexit pitch document actually cites the 2013 Facebook data scrape study by Kosinski. This is no “repented” #CambridgeAnalytica whistleblower from 2014 onwards, sadly. @damiancollins and @commonscms should be cautious.  
Mr Corbyn was right to sack Mr Smith from the Shadow Cabinet. Mr Smith clearly does not accept the democratic decision of UK voters & ignores the strong feelings of all those Labour voters who voted for Leave & voted for Labour in 2017 because the party said they supported Brexit 
Leave aside the harm Brexit will do to the lives of the marginalised. What does it mean, @Keir_Starmer, for the future of democracy if we reward lying and, likely, criminality. 
Some damning evidence has emerged on the self-described #CambridgeAnalytica “whistleblower”, Chris Wylie. He told @Guardian he repented in 2014 - but made a failed pitch to #Brexit in 2016, citing Kosinki’s data scrape as he did so. cc @damiancollins @commonscms 
I'd have more sympathy for "the story is not about overturning Brexit but tackling big tech" if it wasn't for the fact that 90% of the people who are pushing that line have spent the last 18 months on Twitter arguing for why Brexit should be overturned. 
The Irish word 'rogha' means choice. Some of you may be interested in following @GaeilArSonRogha who are tweeting Irish language content relating to the upcoming referendum. 
Brexit/EU is not just about the economy. It's about retaining our freedoms & rights to work travel & live in 27 other countries. Experiences which give much better social cohesion. This seems really low on everyone's priority list. What a loss. It's not just about Britain. 
He won an election. He won a referendum. He won a second election forced on Catalonia by the Spanish, unhappy with the result of the previous votes. But yet he’s a ‘fugitive’No @STVNews @KRLS is a president. 
The idea that the Vote Leave overspending story is a plot by remain campaigners to overturn the referendum is somewhat undermined by the fact that the whistleblower Shahmir Sanni was, and indeed remains, a Brexit supporter. 
Exactly. Brexit and the Trump election were essentially one combined effort, that’s been clear for, at least, the better part of two years now. 
2/ oh & Brussels has always been relatively immune to corporate & Billionaire lobbying - possibly real reason behind #Brexit? #Remain #RemainerNow 
I feel the same but where do we go from here? I’m a socialist not a Lib Dem but this amounts to a betrayal of the very people @UKLabour is meant to represent. Brexit will be a disaster for Leave voting areas most of all. I’m cancelling my membership today. #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Those who have bought into the idea that #Brexit is the "Will of the People" should carefully read this excerpt of a speech by Goebbels shortly after the German referendum in 1933. What he said then is frighteningly familiar now!#StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON 
John Bercow littering his car with anti-Brexit material reveals his flagrant disregard for the impartiality required from the Speaker of the House of Commons. He is a disgrace to his office!Support us at  
Sorry no. Pro EU Brits are every bit as committed, passionate, determined & yes angry as #Leavers ever were. #Brexit will damage our country, our democracy & harm our children. It is our duty as patriots to use every democratic means to #StopBrexit #FBPE #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Again - missing the point. If a whistleblower comes forward from the remain camp #c4news will definately investigate their allegations. But they haven’t. In the meantime let’s focus on what the brexit whistleblower actually claims ...  
Food inflation in the UK has been low for 4-5 years.... until post-referendum currency weakness caused what the FT calls "The biggest rise ever in food prices" EU - a precious part of our lives. #FinalSayForAll #FBPE #Food #MondayMotivation #ABTV 
We must leave the EU, transition must not lead to us going back in. A defeat or reversal of #Brexit "would be the most almighty smash to the national psyche that could be imagined."- Jacob Rees-Mogg  
Brexit and more generally the open/closed dynamic cuts across both parties. They can see that this division may mark the end of them in their current form. 
This story raises more questions about the DUP's similar relationship with AggregateIQ Brexit campaign was ‘totally illegal’, claims whistleblower  via @Channel4News 
With another 4.5 billion quid going to the NHS, on top of all the other increases, we're going to be getting close to it receiving £350mil/wk more than it got during the referendum campaign soon......That's going to upset a lot of people for all the wrong reasons  
As @campbellclaret said on @RemainiacsCast this week, this is also May's primary concern over Brexit: keeping Tories together.  
Jacob Rees-Mogg: Brexit betrayal would be humiliation like Suez  @MailOnline 
Vote Leave broke spending limits in Brexit referendum, activist claims.With this much evidence of lies and cheating, the referendum result cannot be allowed to stand unchallenged.MPs and the public need an option to #StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
Since John Bolton made an NRA video for Russians and was at the Vote Leave referendum party in the UK, the main question is why has it taken so long for him to get into the Trump administration? 
The Great @IsabelOakeshott to the #LIAR @carolecadwalla: "Are you going to apply the same forensic investigation to the #Remain campaign?" No, we didn't think so, Carole! #ChasingUnicorns! #Brexit #BBC #SKY #LBC @ConHome #carolecadwalla #IsabelOakeshott 
The New York Times has also gone through the evidence of Vote Leave cheating in the EU Referendum  
Thanks to @VaughanRoderick and all at #SundaySupplement for giving me the chance to talk about @EHCCAlliance, Brexit opportunities, local journalism & more.  
You have to understand Carole ... the BBC felt they had to cover your story because everyone else is. But they must not allow anyone to think the decision on Brexit should be revisited. It's the rule  
This really is Europe's shame. 30 years for holding a referendum? 
The Remain movement has more signed up followers than any political party. Largely bright, motivated, progressive, mixed-aged, brave, principled and decent. Brexit is a dead thing crawling. Born of deceit. Now stifled by it. 
Using Digital Firm, Brexit Campaigners Skirted Spending Laws, Ex-Employee Says  
#JohnRedwood There are so many upsides to leaving. Over the last 45 years of our  m'ship of the #SingleMarket & #CustomsUnion, it didn't produce any boost to growth and did a lot of damage to very important strategic industries.  #BBC #SKY @LBC #LBC #Brexit 
any opposition leader in the last 30 years would be crucifying the Government and Vote Leave over this, it's an absolute giftBut Corbyn can't,because he is wedded to and absolutely wants #BrexitWatch the non response to this from him over next few days  
The producers of @bbcquestiontime @BBCr4today are both extreme right #BBCBIAS @BBCNews don’t report #StopBrexit and use language that assumed Brexit is inevitableIt isn’t  
Cambridge Analytica is open goal on legitimacy of Brexit direction & govt (esp with DUP angle)...... what a daft time for Starmer to split our broad church. Didn’t need to do it. Just needed to keep options open. 
Hard Brexit fan #Marr didn't trouble the man trying to bring us Hard Brexit about his lies. David Davis said the Govt has "50, nearly 60 sector analyses already done" Later admitting no impact assessments have been done on the impact on the UK economy.  
The story doesn't stop Brexit. The story isn't supposed to stop Brexit. The story is about electoral fraud and misuse of data. Stop pretending it isn't. 
Theresa May, March 2016: vote remain!October 2016: Remainers are citizens of nowhereJune 2017: CRUSH THE SABOTEURSMarch 2018: if you expose Brexit we will literally out you against your will in an official government statement 
Do the Remoaners who want another referendum expect that the people will be grateful for being told they were stupid,misinformed, manipulated by Russia and Cambridge  Analytica and daft not to listen to their betters when they voted for Brexit ? 
The Brexit whistleblower: ‘Vote Leave cheated' 
#Referendum SpendingStealing £9,000,000 from the population to spend on blatant lying propaganda was absolutely disgraceful.The perps should be thrown in jail  
The only thing more irritating than the people who don't understand a 52/48 referendum was decided in the last few percent are the people who pretend not to. 
Most of the establishment, including the BBC and civil service with its Project Fear forecasts, unofficially campaigned for Remain. This is the real scandal, yet there are endless attempts to discredit the Leave side. #Brexit 
Matthew Parris sees it. Behind #Brexit there are no sunlit uplands or open seas, but narrow bigoted nativism - an island suffering from catastrophic insularity, in which democracy doesn't really matter.  
That comes over loud and clear Carol. I watched your #marr ambush this morning and Isobel while she is a journalist she is not impartial to the Brexit campaign or the Vote leave group.  
 #marrI am NOT anti CorbynI am NOT anti LabourI AM anti BrexitBrexit will not solve the problems of this country. It will make them so much harder to solve. Therefore I will NOT support a pro brexit party ever.#FBPE #StopBrexit #brexit 
Always watch a recorded version of #Marr. The horrible "let them eat porridge" Isobel Oakeshott shouting down the journalist investigating Cambridge Analytica including over the Leave campaign. Rattled. Aggressive. Interrupting. Patronising. Vile, vile Tory Brexit loving woman.  
The failure to challenge Brexit is a gift to the Right - Me in the Observer  
Oh that's a surprise? #Sarcasm - Hard Brexit fan Andrew Marr didn't ask why David Davis can "changed his mind" on his previous support for the Customs Union... but the British public aren't allowed to change their mind & have an informed EU ref. #Marr 
"It’s not just about Brexit. The reason we have spending limits is because we want to live in a democracy, not a plutocracy. We want all the people to have the power, not just the rich ones." To see the dangers of unlimited money in politics, see: America, United States of.  
Something’s rotten at the heart of our democracy.  Urgently need to update electoral law & party funding rules to make fit for digital age.  Electoral Commission & Information Commissioner need more power, resources & real teeth.  This issue goes far wider than #Brexit  
I oppose #Brexit but if as remainers say so do most other citizens why are the lib Dems stuck at 7% in the opinion polls as they are the only party who are for another EU referendum? 
So @Keir_Starmer firstly says Brexit is inevitable(?!)... but then says we should question the legitimacy of something he thinks we should honour without opportunity for rethink. What a f— mess. Sort yourself out, mate and provide public with at least an option to ditch it.  
Brexiteers have a point saying the blue passports should be made in Britain. Government procurement should favour domestic businesses. Not sure why this is a controversial point, and until the stop Brexit brigade grasp this sentiment they’ll continue to alienate most people 
On which nonsense read my column in next week’s @TheNewEuropean on how Ireland has moved from being the Achilles heel of Brexit to the Achilles foot  
@carolecadwalla is 100% correct.  As a #transparency activist for 10+ yrs - this is bigger than Brexit. To ensure our  democratic system is fit for purpose, it must be transparent, lawful and honest or we become no better than the countries we call out. 
" BREXIT IS NOW THE SCANDAL OF THE CENTURY !"The MURKY WATERS surrounding the BREXIT RESULT are clearing, its clear that Cambridge Analytica were involved, along with some Brexit Politicians.Its time for a FULL CRIMINAL POLICE INVESTIGATION TO BE LAUNCHED !#FBPE 
Parliament's taking a break. Because after all there's nothing  important to do. Here's the Commons calendar up to the day the Brexit withdrawal deal is supposed to be delivered.#bbcsp 
So-called ‘liberal’ (& green) Eurosceptics are fundamentally wrongAs ‘blue passports’ & chlorinated chickens propect show, Brexit is very far from promising liberal free trade or upholding environmental etc standards; it’s about protectionism & xenophobia  
Channel 4 announces new show Secret Remainer. Every episode Jeremy Corbyn spends a week with those citizens that will be hurt the most if Brexit happens.And then he votes for it anyway. 
It's not a non-existent 'UK Single Market' we should worry about but the creation of the post Brexit 'UK Superstate'. Brand new on my blog.   
More evidence of Remainers thinking Brexit voters are stupid. @carolecadwalla says Cambridge Anayltica investigation is about technology disrupting our democracy.WRONG. We decided we didn't want 27 other countries running our country anymore. Simple. #marr 
Brexit is a mistrial in which someone didn’t just tamper with the evidence, they also tampered with the jury. 
The thing is, rallies and marches aren't interesting. What do you want the BBC to say? "People who didn't support Brexit yesterday still don't support it today. And now the news and weather where you are?" DO SOMETHING INTERESTING. 
When Mrs May presents her Brexit treaty to Parliament, Labour MPs have only have 2 choices: for or against. I don’t even see the newfound radical Brexiter Keir Starmer voting with Rees-Mogg & Johnson. He’ll have to vote against, + about 20 Tories. It will be alright on the night!  
Most people now saying absolutely nothing positive has come from #Brexit, but I disagree.It's created the biggest pro-European group in the continent, the #FBPEWe are Labour, Liberals, reasonable Conservatives, Greens, SNP, Plaid, Renew.We are the people and we will win this. 
And there we go; Scottish Tories now saying they will vote for the Brexit bill regardless of fishermen getting screwed. Double-betrayal. 
Global Britain here we come. Labour wants to use Brexit to pull up the drawbridge - that was always clear. @uklabour is not an internationalist movement. Nationalist and socialist don't mix well - let me tell you that as a German. 
Our book (Shameless plug: ) posits that an indy Scotland would likely start outside of the EU but would apply for EEA membership. From there, it'd be a political decision or, ideally, a referendum decision to take Scotland out of EEA, join EFTA or join EU. 
A long read, but really worthwhile. It's horrible to see the pressure and lies that forced the initial referendum to insert the 8th. But, there is some hope at the end of the article! We need to keep talking and be #Together4Yes #repealthe8th 
Britain would suffer its biggest humiliation since the Suez crisis if the country stays tied to the EU after Brexit, Jacob Rees-Mogg warns      
Do you think there was Russian interference in the 2016 EU referendum? #Marr #brexit @BorisJohnson @MarrShow @AndrewMarr9 RETWEET & VOTE  #YourVoiceMatters 
So, Oakeshott is desperately looking for a connection between Cambridge Analytica and the Brexit campaigns, perhaps I can help her out.Here's a piece, written by Oakeshott herself, on the Con Home website from two years ago;Thread follows.#marr #CambridgeAnalyticaUncovered pic.twitter.com/kqUuLBpMMz 
Gordon Brewer attempting to teach his granny to suck eggs on @Sun_Pol_Scot. Fortunately @FergusEwingMSP is well versed on the intricacies of the #CommonFisheriesPolicy & explains the reality of UK Govt mismanagement admirably #ScotlandsPlaceinEurope #brexit 
.@Open_Britain supporter @BenPBradshaw pointing out that if Labour is true to its ‘6 tests’ for the Brexit deal, there is no way they will be able to support the deal the Govt comes back with  
When you can’t even make an argument that holds tight over the course of a headline you really are in trouble. If it was a ‘Brexit boost’ you wouldn’t need a ‘special tax’ would you?  
Keir Starmer: "I set out 6 tests for the Brexit deal. We will not vote for a deal that doesn't meet those tests.""We laid those tests for a reason, and that's because we intend to apply them."@Keir_Starmer  #Marr #PCPEU #FBPE #WATON 
Britain will suffer its biggest national humiliation since the Suez crisis if the country stays tied to the EU after Brexit, @Jacob_Rees_Mogg warns 
I voted Brexit despite Facebook, BBC, Sky, government,  Cambridge Analytica, Obama, Vote Leave overspending & Uncle Tom Cobley and all! 
The vote was free and fair in exactly the same way the 1975 referendum was. Division is being caused by such ludicrous assertions to the contrary. Accept the result and move on. Argue your point on the merits not moaning about the procedure! 
Corbyn's apparent sympathy for an anti-Semitic mural and his sacking of Owen Smith after he called for another EU referendum are completely unrelated, but Remainers want to trick people into conflating Jew hatred and Brexit to advance their cause. A new low?  
#Brexit news : REMAIN moves ahead of LEAVE 53% to LEAVE 47% in a BMG survey for The Independent. It found only 25% of people believe the UK will be more prosperous after it leaves the European Union, while 49 % thought people would be worse off. 
I might have had some sympathy for Owen Smith MP if he hadn't stuck his nose into our referendum in 2014 and arrived in Scotland to campaign for No.  
If this had been said at any other point in history, I wouldn't have a problem with it. I like the notion of British passports being made in the UK. But to say it now, is to validate the Brexit camp who place more value in colour than in actual value.  
From 1922 to 1973 the UK and Ireland were independent countries & not part of any customs union or single marketTrade & migration carried on between the 2 countries with no problemsStrangely #REMOANERS don't tell you thisIt worked fine in the pastIt'll work fine after #Brexit 
The referendum was far from free and fair. Brexit is a destructive madness. You will be defeated. 
All that talk from Brexiters about being an outward looking nation after Brexit, here we are screaming British jobs for British fucking documents. 
It’s a Westminster bubble preoccupation, nothing more. But worth pointing out to desperate remainers that Facebook is hardly the place to influence the older voters they claim won Brexit.  
Sunday Times headline 'May orders 4bn Brexit boost to save ailing NHS.' So dishonest. There is (and will be) no Brexit boost. and NHS is ailing in part because of Brexit costs 
110, “he was not in favour of Brexit: ‘I have a son who married a Swede, and a daughter who married a German. I flatly refuse to regard my grandchildren as foreigners. I’m an internationalist but I’ve not lost my pride in being a Yorkshireman or British’.”  
Catalan voices of democracy are being crushed, with the majority of Catalan leaders now in exile or in prison for holding a democratic referendum. EU inaction is un-European, un-democratic, unacceptable!  #LlibertatPresosPolitics #Catalunya #Catalonia 
It's not about who won brexit, it's about breaking the law on campaign spending limits which undermines the democratic process and raises serious questions about the validity of the #Brexit referendum.  
WATCH: @CarolineLucas slams the Gov on pursuing an ideological hard Brexit, risking a hard border in Ireland, our precious NHS & our future prosperity. Please RT:  
Young people in the US want a better world. The older generation hark back to the 18th century when the 2nd amendment was written. Sound like Brexit? The old wanted out; the young voted Remain  
.@tom_watson failed to rule out a second #Brexit referendum today, whereas @OwenSmith_MP was sacked by @jeremycorbyn on Friday for suggesting one.1. @UKLabour persistently manipulate you on Brexit.2. Will Tom be sacked for going against #Labour policy?#LabourFail 
Just went into Boots to get more pain killers...The cashier saw the stickers on my bag: "Bollox to Brexit?" He said surprised, thought about it for a moment and then said, "Thank you! Thank you! I agree!"  I told him about the @YEMEdinburgh March yesterday!  
The official Brexit campaign “cheated” during the European Union referendum, a whistleblower has claimed.  
Now Labour deputy leader Tom Watson refuses to rule out 2nd referendum on Brexit. Will @jeremycorbyn sack him too? Course not. 
Idea that UK passports must be made in UK by a company which makes them for 40 other countries is silly. As silly as the idea that changing their colour makes us more British! The real danger is that we are going to need them+visas post Brexit just to get around Europe 
. @Keir_Starmer's stance on #Brexit is that because of a slim majority in 2016 we should dumbly drive the bus off the cliff, even though we have the means to change course.  Pathetic, spineless & cowardly! For all our sakes resign Keir! #StopBrexit #FBPE 
If Marr can’t link Brexit, Cambridge Analytica and the Leave campaign, he should be sacked. Why is he interviewing a journalist without reading her articles? Why hasn’t he been briefed? What happened to his researchers? Is this the establishment closing ranks? #FBPE #MarrShow 
Caroline Lucas rightly corrects #marr - It is not a second referendum it is a first vote on the final deal... we want the people to have the #FinalSay once they see what's in the final deal.#StopBrexit #FBPE  #bbcsp @CarolineLucas 
Why are the #FBPE brigade willfully ignoring Labour 6 key tests? Because it's not about Brexit. It's about bashing Corbyn. #marr  
The @ScotGov has been telling @GovUK this for months …Migrant staff shortfall blamed on Brexit worries - BBC News  
Jacob Rees-Mogg says poorer families will be ‘better off’ after Brexit as unskilled migration drops  
Keir Starmer: "Having asked the electorate for a view by way of the referendum, we have to respect the result.” Call me stupid, but *why!? In the circumstances, why exactly do "we have to"? 
When The Sun line on a Brexit culture war issue is vastly most sensible than the Labour one something's gone very wrong.  
Translation: while the government, the BBC, almost every politician & most of the media knew the right thing was to vote remain (and connived to achieve it), a handle of people I disapprove of argued for #Leave. We therefore must vote again, until we get the right answer. #Brexit  
I don’t know about you lot but I’m getting really worried that someone looking at my social media accounts might be able to work out out where I stand on Brexit. Scary times indeed. 
This image was not photoshopped to make #marr look like a Tory stooge.  #BBCBIAS #CambridgeAnalytica #BrexitWhistleblower #brexit  
I voted remain, others voted leave. Brexit is happening, but the Tories are deliberately making it disastrous for their own agenda. We can always rejoin the EU, nothing is final. But we have to get rid of the Tories above all else. That is my priority. #ToriesOut 
Good job the racists, spivs & fraudsters who clearly lied & cheated their way to Brexit didn’t tamper with a cricket ball.The moral crusaders of the British media would be up in arms. 
Jessica says Boris was “poorly educated”. Boris at Eton was a Kings scholar, at Oxford he won a Brackenbury scholarship. For a QC she is cavalier with the evidence. Alternatively Brexit has driven her mad.  
A #Coup against #Corbyn is well and truly underway. The ground has been carefully watered with the #Blairites fake anti-Semitism news, the #russia affair, and the hyper anti #brexit campaign. All carefully timed for the elections in a few weeks time. My weekly column coming up 
17/ Here's the treasure trove of evidence backing up Brexit whistleblower's claims that @vote_leave cheated during referendum. It's not just a he says, she says thing.  
I voted to Remain and I don’t want a hard Brexit or any of the madness right now. But I am also really bored of so many Remainers acting like they have the moral and intellectual high ground over those who voted Leave. Good, intelligent, honest and kind people voted to Leave. 
What a fatalistic, defeatist position to take. We don't accept that no matter how bad Brexit is, no matter its damage, no matter how many people turn away from it, no matter what, we give up. We're still fighting for our aims, values and principles, best served inside the EU.  
The inscription on Grey’s Monument, Newcastle - ‘a fearless and consistent champion of liberty’ who passed the Great Reform Act ‘after an arduous and protracted struggle.’ Just like stopping Brexit today - as I’ll be saying to the anti-Brexit crowd here at 2pm. Come if you can!  
Theresa May's NHS funding announcement nothing but spin. £4bn over 10 years is £400m A YEAR. Nowhere near "meeting" the Brexit pledge of £350m A WEEK. When will Tories learn that people are actually suffering and that spin solves nothing? 
There will be no Brexit bonanza for fishermen. Those Tory MPs elected in fishing communities in 2017 have some explaining to do. Fishing to the UK is expendable as it was when the UK entered the EU. The SNP want to be in Europe but we would stand up for our fishing interests.  
‘@Jacob_Rees_Mogg: Britain’s poorest will be better off post-Brexit when we reduce levels of migration. ‘Lower wages for the least well off in our own society who have found jobs have been taken by migrants from the EU.’ 
The BBC packs QT audience with an unrepresentative percentage of  pro #Brexit young people. Presenters shut down #Remainers. The news fails to report thousands protesting against #Brexit.Just what is going on in the UK, manipulation of the press is something fascist states do. 
Grey’s Monument, Newcastle, with @william_dry, casing the joint before we speak at the anti-Brexit rally here at 2pm. It’s to Earl Grey, he of the tea & the Great Reform Act. The inscription is to ‘a fearless and consistent champion of liberty’: inspiration for anti-Brexit today!  
Brilliant stuff!  Isabel Oakeshott and Andrew Marr skewer and expose  the anti-Brexit bias of Observer journalist Carole Cadwalldr. Watch this clip and you can see the true motivation behind this whole pathetic attempt to smear Vote Leave.  
Marr and Oakshott bullying Carole, and the reason, clear as daylight, is because they're bricking it. The Tory Brexit establishment have been found out as the duplicitous dastards they are. For shame. 
With regard to any amendments to EU legislation, I suspect only cross party ones have any hope of commanding support across the House of Commons and being carried. It is vital we all put the national interest first on this huge #Brexit issue. /4 
I represent Scotland’s finest berry farms  and Brexit is killing access to labour. Ending freedom of movement will finish it off. We need a new seasonal workers scheme or the crop will be left to rot in the fields.   
Fascinating hearing Oakshott tell .@carolecadwalla that she is “chasing unicorns” & suggesting “conspiracy” - clearly something in this Cambridge Analytica / Brexit story.  #marr 
"This call for a second referendum is a complete red herring. The only reason you would want a second referendum is to revert the result." #Brexit  
Since the June 2016 #brexit vote, what has been your thoughts and actions in the 21 months of brexit negotiations - would be great for retweets 
Last year, I asked the DUP's Brexit campaign manager Jeffrey Donaldson how he ended up spending £32,000 of their secret Brexit donation with the obscure Canadian data firm AggregateIQ. He told me he "couldn't remember".  
"There is a risk in trying to focus just on the downsides" Brexit Secretary @DavidDavisMP tells #marr"The real likely outcome is 'Option A'...getting a free trade agreement, a customs agreement...all of those make the Northern Ireland issue much easier" 
Brexit was sold on the premise of taking back control of sovereignty (which we always had). In reality Brexit allows a government without a mandate to have complete control to pass laws without Parliament.  
Walking the dogs with a French lady who we meet regularly. She tells us that all the Brits in her village have now put their houses up for sale because of the uncertainty over #Brexit and what their future rights will be. So sad, lives and dreams turned upside down for nothing. 
Corbyn fired @OwenSmith_MP for calling for a second referendum and now his deputy leader can't rule one out, and countless other frontbenchers have said the same - will there be any of Labour's frontbench left by the end of the week? 
BBC under fire for blanking the ever-growing anti-Brexit movement in the country, so it belatedly 'reports' that 'hundreds' marched in Leeds yesterday. IT WAS THOUSANDS - and not just in Leeds!  "BBC News - Hundreds march in Leeds anti-Brexit protest  
No one likes a cheat so when they get caught out there are consequences #balltampering #resign #SteveSmith. As the truth emerges about #Leave dodgy funding, abuse of social media, fake claims & phoney promises, let’s make sure the voters they cheated hold them to account #Brexit 
To every #remoaner saying the referendum is invalid because the leave campaign might have spent  a bit more than they were supposed to, remember the U.K government spent £10 million of tax payer’s money on a pro remain leaflet that was posted to everyone in the country...  
First, we hear about the misuse of #data, and now we hear that Vote Leave 'broke spending limits' in #Brexit #referendum.    
Fantastic turnout in Exeter @_Britain4Europe @Open_Britain for #StopBrexit march. We must and can stop Brexit. So many young people coming on board now. Campaigning matters. Let’s fight the Brexit nonsense, let’s sense finally win the day!  
.@CarolineLucas  calls for investigation into detailed & highly credible evidence of extensive cheating during the #Brexit campaign.Proud that @TheGreenParty is taking this crisis in our democracy seriously. #marr 
Tom Watson staunchly defending Jeremy Corbyn on Brexit, sacking Owen Smith and that anti-Semitism mural. We’re through the looking glass now. #marr 
 Give it up, Caroline Lucas! Remain lost because YOU couldn’t convince or scare people into the view that the EU is what they & Britain desperately need. ...because it isn’t! Remain had a fair go. Stop boring me with this!  #Marr #Brexit #CambridgeAnalytica 
Haven't you people done enough damage to Northern Ireland with Brexit....? Now you want to send the great Divider-in-Chief there too? 
#Marr: “Was the sacking of @OwenSmith_MP a slap in the face for Remainers.”@tom_watson: “Well, I hope they don’t think so... blah, blah.. Jeremy had no choice.”“But a second referendum is @UKLabour policy”“We want a jobs first Brexit.”Remainers: FFS   
The big worry of the Brexiters is they know there isn’t huge public support for Brexit. They wouldn’t dare to try and hold a mass rally. They know they’re support is ebbing away. They want a quick Brexit before it collapses altogether. 
#marr I don't see a link between #CambridgeAnalytica & Facebook & the brexit campaign. @carolecadwalla - That is completely wrong Andrew.... you have got that very very wrong.#StopBrexit #FBPE  #bbcsp 
So we now have two parties putting perceived party interest ahead of belief in what is right for the country. Bad politics. Bad decision. And it will help Labour lose not win - Keir Starmer: ‘We cannot allow Labour to break apart over Brexit’  
The treasury produced a report saying there would be mass unemployment & every one would be £4,300 worse off immediately after Brexit  
Keir Starmer warns Labour 'cannot allow the party to break up' over Brexit. But seems perfectly okay about allowing the UK to break down over Brexit - we need all our MPs to put #CountryBeforeParty & stop enabling #BrexitFraud #SundayMorning #Marr #FBPE  
“The idea… that the campaign was legitimate is false.” A Brexit insider accuses Vote Leave of cheating - in response the PM’s political secretary denies the claims and “outs” the accuser as gay. #TheBrexitWhistleblower  
#marr Marr now trying undermine Caroline Lucas twisting her words but she puts the case for a referendum on the exit terms so eloquently 
You would think there would be at least one Tory MSP  in Holyrood who would wake up to the damage being done, put country before UK party and say “enough is enough” ....Report warns of Brexit damage to key economic sectors - The Scotsman  
@CarolineLucas on @MarrShow talking about what the Leave scandal means for our democracy.Also challenges @AndrewMarr9 to understand that a people’s vote on the terms of Brexit would be the first such vote, not a rerun of 2016Absolutely right.  
Don’t tell me WHY @UKLabour must stop Brexit, tell me HOW they can stop Brexit. That’s what I want to know. Nobody can give me an answer. #Marr  
Poor Isobel Oakshot desperately trying to shut down @carolecadwalla on #marr over the #CambridgeAnalytica story. She knows her #Leave & #Tory mates are in the soup. Carole’s conclusion that electoral spending law needs looked at 100% right #Brexit #FBPE 
A whistleblower has claimed that the official Brexit campaign "cheated" by breaching spending limits ahead of the EU referendum  
Blimey, that's a bit rich.......#Brexit campaigner Isabel Oakeshott accuses brilliant journalist Carole Cadwalladr of "chasing unicorns". A unicorn could well be the logo of the Brexiters. #marr 
So Remoaners after blaming Putin, Fake News, OAPs, un-educated voters, racists, bigots, little Britainers, the daily mail bla bla bla were all responsible for Brexit without any joy are now trying to blame #CambridgeAnalytics for the referendum result. What will be next? #marr 
In fact if Labour is given a bloody nose on 3 May you'll be amazed at how quickly they'll find a way to stop Brexit.Don't waste this opportunity. Vote for anti-Brexit parties.  
Seems to me to be a whiff of panic about this - the dishonest  nonsense of “going global” being exposed as right wing claptrap built on a #Brexit “victory” , the origins of which are now under serious, sustained investigation.  
I wish people would stop pinning their hopes on the Labour Party regarding #Brexit. They have been showing us all since the referendum who they are and where they stand. Maya Angelou said "When someone shows you who they are, believe them the first time." 
When Boris says something is “ludicrous” we must all take it more seriously. But Financial Fraud will not reverse Brexit Result which was constructed on intellectual fraud - which angry, excluded voters embraced. Let’s hope Brexit serves them better than currently looks likely 
I thought Keir Starmer had a strategy, inelegant but credible, of waiting for Brexit to implode then moving against it. But in today’s Observer he says that although Brexit is imploding & he opposes it, it’s a done deal. Well, most Labour members aren’t going to accept that. 
Since the referendum the losers have blamed racists, old people, Murdoch, Dacre, Russians and now a bunch of geeks who don’t have a girlfriend between them for their defeat. They just can’t face the fact that most people wanted out of the EU. 
All the evidence proves that #Brexit is a dangerous absurdity. All the evidence proves the vote was won using lies and dirty tricks. It's is now monumentally idiotic that @UKLabour does not formally oppose it. 
Watch all of Channel 4 News’ investigations into Cambridge Analytica and the Vote Leave Brexit campaign  
The most British of values have been trashed. The Referendum was based on lies and cheating. Moment of truth time for the UK - do we stand up for our democracy & decency, or allow ourselves to be corrupted? #marr @LeaveEUOfficial @thesundaytimes  
FACTS:.@UKLabour not in power when the EU ref. was called.@UKLabour not in power when the EU ref. vote happened. @UKLabour not in power now, when EU ref. negotiations are taking place. Brexit belongs entirely to @CONservatives..@jeremycorbyn NOT to blame.#Marr  
Brexit referendum ‘was like a by election where everyone’s grievances piled into one vote’   
It was THOUSANDS, BBC: I know because unlike you I was there: “Hundreds march in Leeds anti-Brexit protest -  #GoogleAlerts 
Labour doesn't represent the majority of its supporters on Brexit, does not fulfil its obligations as HM Opposition and does not even acknowledge a Conference vote in favour of retaining EU membership if the deal is "unacceptable". Labour is betraying itself, let alone the county 
Top Parliamentary defence advisor hasn’t heard of the EU’s central military HQ, the MPCC.Yet he published his Brexit policy paper with MPs two weeks before this in Feb.We’ve been warning MPs for a year: the UK is in the MPCC and other structures and is set to be stuck in them.  
Merkel's TRUE COLOURS: German MEP says Chancellor will give UK NO leeway in Brexit talks. 500,000 German jobs at stake in Car Industry! Back Britain buy U.K. made Cars today!  
Funny how a poor student can afford 2 top QC’s & hundreds of thousands of legal work. It’s almost like someone doesn’t like Brexit , no @carolecadwalla 
Brexit: Vote Leave campaign group 'cheated' to bend referendum spending rules, whistleblower claims - The Independent  
Thanks to David Davis and the Tories - UK is woefully under-prepared for the Brexit negotiations and with just a year to go - no significant preparation has been undertaken for Brexit itself. What a total #ToryShambles #marr  #paterson 
'It is not easy to be pro-life and young' - former UCD president Katie Ascough on the abortion referendum  
Failed clean Brexit would be biggest 'national humiliation' since the Suez crisis, MPs will warn  
Sorry Jeremy. I'm a life long labour voter in my fifties but I will not vote labour again until you #StopBrexitNow . You won't have the money to implement your policies if you don't get behind stopping brexit. Listen to your supporters and MPs. 
.@Keir_Starmer As Brexit spokesperson and prominent @UKLabour lawyer we look to you to defend our democracy against corruption and criminal activity. What whistleblowers are revealing is bigger than Labour in-fighting. This is a historic moment: please don’t fail us#BrexitGate 
Vote Leave said they couldn't have won the EU referendum without Canadian firm AIQ. Chris Wylie - the Cambridge Analytica whistleblower - says that Brexit firm AIQ was effectively “CA’s Canadian branch”. AIQ deny the claim. #TheBrexitWhistleblower  
I dunno. If only some expert investigative journalist could dig really deep to find definitive proof that disgraced cheaters Cambridge Analytica were involved in the Brexit campaign.  
More innocent victims of Brexit. I met the mayor of La Linea, the town just over the border from Gibraltar. They are desperately worried about the people from their town who presently cross the border every day to work#StopBrexit 
‘Useful idiots, blissfully unaware of how the Brexit mood is set to change from outreach to the world to angry defensiveness when dreams don’t come true’  
My letter sent last week to @ElectoralCommUK asking for a statement about #CambridgeAnalytica and the breaking of spending limits during the referendum campaign. We look to you to protect democracy in our country and a public statement is long overdue#BrexitGate 
Party before country: that’s both Labour & Tories. Equally disgusting. The reckoning has to come when the folly of Brexit is defeated.  
WATCH | "If Vote Leave and BeLeave worked together then they broke the law. That would be an absolute outrage." Get the latest new on the leave cheating allegations:  Join the campaign for an Exit from Brexit:  
Brexit campaign was ‘totally illegal’, claims whistleblower  via @Channel4News 
Read & judge. The referendum was several kinds of cheat: it is void.  
Keir Starmer’s Brexit defeatism rules him out from future Labour leadership. “Nothing to be done” in the face of the biggest threat to this country since the Second World War is not good enough. 
Of all statements by Labour front benchers on Brexit, this by Keir Starmer is the worst (today’s Observer). Our job is to serve the country, not ‘prevent Labour splitting on Brexit’ at the price of agreeing to it, least of all on Tory terms. To be a leader you have to ... lead  
Brexit showdown: Rees-Mogg demands May stands up to EU to AVOID ‘humiliation size of Suez'  
BREXIT is a lie. That doesn’t mean the problems leave voters face aren’t real, but the claim that Brexit is a solution to these problems is a lie. It’s as simple as that. The Labour Party can fart arse about all it wants, but that’s the truth.   
A reminder. Despite blatant lies to Parliament, select committees and to the public - David Davis is still in his Ministerial position, representing the UK in Brexit negotiations. #marr  #paterson 
Keir Starmer: ‘We cannot allow Labour to break apart over Brexit’ - Isn’t it time for all MPs to put country before party? Save the country from the madness of Brexit then you can get back to playing party politics!  
Brexit is a revolution that devours its children - literally so in this sad case  
The David Davis approach to Brexit...  #Marr  #Paterson #Blackadder 
The Brexit campaign has been accused of fiddling their finances. What about the toxic anti Brexit campaign by the BBC during the Referendum that is continuing today. What cash value will be put on that in the final balance sheet? 
Andrea Leadsom's family income is offshore, avoiding tax. She is a big advocate of Brexit. It is in her financial interest to avoid the EU's crackdown on tax evasion. #PayYourTax #stopBrexit #marr  #paterson 
Were you at Eton with Alexander Nix?I think the Eton social network needs investigating.  Goodness knows what kind of dodgy deals go on in that Old Boys’ network. #CambridgeAnalytica#Brexit#Tories#Eton 
Some FACTS for you:.@UKLabour not in power when the EU ref. was called..@UKLabour not in power when the EU ref. vote happened. .@UKLabour not in power now, when EU ref. negotiations are taking place. Brexit belongs entirely to @CONservatives..@jeremycorbyn NOT to blame. 
I wrote this article on Owen Smith back during the Labour leadership election. Much of it still stands. This was never about Brexit , but about destabilising the Labour party. Smith is a Blairite who wasn't to be trusted then, & shouldn't be trusted now.  
Now a former member of @bcndp and a former members of @BCGreens, Stuart Parker says it is increasingly clear that BC Govt is rigging the proportional representation referendum to fail. #bcpoli  
Sir, you are a disgrace. How can one call the referendum legal when hundreds of thousands of British citizens resident in the #EU for more than 15yrs were effectively classified as 2nd class subjects of HM and denied a vote on something that directly affects them! 
Verbatim: "A Brexit campaigner told Channel 4 News that Vote Leave cheated in the 2016 referendum by over-spending. But the prime minister’s political secretary says the allegations are “factually incorrect and misleading”, and outs the accuser as gay."   
Gerrymandering, tabloid lies before & during the referendum(some made up by you), Russian bots, Cambridge Analytica, £350m for the NHS lie (that you voted against) Turkey joining, spending rules subverted, & We are already Global. Brexit is a fraud against the people!  
The strongest & most democratic mandate, is members voting for Corbyn as leader TWICE in one year, & a 29% surge in party membership, endorsing Corbyn & his policies. Owen Smith stood against him on a platform inc a 2nd Brexit referendum, & lost dismally! #IStandWithJeremyCorbyn 
And why DIDN'T the Sunday Times fund an investigation into this? Oh, of course. They're too busy blagging ex Prime Minister's bank details. While the Sun spent £90k actually as pro Brexit campaign. And 80% of the press lobbied for it.  
This drive to have children lead the gun control debate in the US and the Brexit debate in the UK is an perfect example of that infantilisation of citizens by the State. 
Anne Enright on ‘pregnancy without consent’ and the abortion referendum - brilliant. #repealthe8th #TogetherForYes 
The Brexit whistleblower: 'Not cheating is the core of what it means to be British'.Yet Leave campaigners cheated to win the knife-edge referendum result, Brexit whistleblower Shahmir Sanni claims.Parliament and the public urgently need to #StopBrexit. 
Brexit is a bigger mess each day. Parliament and the people need a #FinalSay to #StopBrexit. 
I moved my clock forward too far and now I'm stuck in 2038. Brexit is still going. Bitcoins are now used as kindling. The president is a tin of spam who won The Bachelor. 
Britain has every right to #InvokeArticle5 against Russia, for both chemical warfare on their soil and tampering with their EU referendum.  
#Brexit = Deception, Denial & Democratic Deficit.Binding #FinalSayForAll on the Deal with a #Remain option.Confirm the Will of the Ppl don't Impose the Will of far right & Left ideologues! 
People saying Smith was sabotaging the upcoming elections by supporting a second referendum, as if Labour hasn't come this far in a large part due to people convincing themselves it's an anti-brexit party. 
A French EU Citizen who has lived, worked and paid into the UK system their entire working life, would be entitled to an UK State Pension of less than a third of what they would receive in France for the same contributions.Who was #Brexit really for, and what is it hiding? 
"There is nothing patriotic about finding out that Brexit is actually going to hurt the country and just letting it happen!" - @Femi_Sorry#GreatNorthernMarch #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
“When the Queen visited Dublin on an historic state visit in 2011, she eloquently acknowledged the weight of our shared history, pointing to ‘things we wish had been done differently or not at all’. MPs have the chance to avoid adding a hard Brexit to that list of regrets.”  
Please share this treasure trove of evidence backing up Brexit whistleblower's claims that @vote_leave cheated during referendum  
“The idea… that the campaign was legitimate is false.” A Brexit insider accuses Vote Leave of cheating - in response the PM’s political secretary denies the claims and “outs” the accuser as gay. #TheBrexitWhistleblower   
THIS Brexit tactic from Theresa May will destroy EU unity and set off Brussels infighting  
Keir Starmer desperate for Labour to survive Brexit.Tories caused Brexit to try & fix their divided party.Truth is our politics is sick. Our system is beyond repair and Tory and Labour are the problem. They should both burn. Build a new, fairer system from the ashes. 
.@jeremycorbyn pro or anti Brexit. Pro or anti 2nd referendum, you have to confront corruption. I was thrown out of Labour for attempting to do so. #CambridgeAnalytica 
If only we could just slap some asterisks on Trump’s election and Brexit as if they were the 1919 World Series.  
This story is about democracy, technology & the law. Not about who won Brexit, Boris. Wrong call.  
While @BBCNews  site leads with US gun protests, it fails to mention the nationwide protests against Brexit in the UK. What we are seeing is the slow haemorrhaging of the BBC's authority as a news organisation. 
.Meh.... What is Labour for anymore?It's not FOR the peopleIt's not FOR the NHSIt's not even FOR its OWN grassrootsIf it was then it would be opposing Brexit. 
Tories kicked off Brexit. Vote Leave overspent by an order of magnitude. Cambridge Analytica used dodgy data. This is by no means the "will of the people" - yet we have clowns driving the UK off the cliff claiming it is. #WeWantOurCountryBack #StopBrexit #Marr  #Paterson 
52-48 result on 72% turnout where many Brits overseas couldn’t vote, where there was no Brexit plan, where Leave lied about £350m for NHS and , Leave used Cambridge Analytica, Leave colluded between campaigns (illegal) and probably over-spent,.But WILL OF THE PEOPLE! 
Sorry mate the #Brexit games up - you lot have been caught red handed with your sticky fingers in the democracy cookie jar - just time for you to say “if it wasn’t for those pesky kids we would have gotten away with it” #BrexitWhistleblower @carolecadwalla @Channel4News @Peston 
I'm afraid that BBC News is now completely under the control of the (Tory) government. The only news organisation worthy of the name is Channel 4 News. Sorry Beeb but you are wrong on Brexit  
One old chap I met on the anti-Brexit march today had to go home to have a rest because of his cancer treatment. Not all old people betrayed the young over Brexit. 
Donald Trump lines up surprise visit to the UK to ‘visit both sides of Irish border as a Brexit troubleshooter’  
The referendum was won, albeit narrowly, by deception, manipulation of gullible voters, unjust exclusion of those who should have been entitled to vote, illegal campaign funding and outright fraud. All but the most stupid are painfully aware of that now.  
.@ElectoralCommUK We have evidence that suggests the referendum was won by cheating. See the evidence and decide for yourself.  
I do believe in Brexit, I do believe in Brexit, I do I do I do believe in Brexit. 
There is a choice over #Brexit @Keir_Starmer You could choose to be part of a solution and back an #ExitFromBrexit The alternative path you’ve chosen is to be part of the problem.You won’t hold Labour together with the route you’re taking! 
The referendum is void. Yet more evidence of illegality in the Leave campaign:  
WATCH | "If Vote Leave and BeLeave worked together then they broke the law. That would be an absolute outrage."Get the latest new on the leave cheating allegations: Join the campaign for an Exit from Brexit:  
What some Corbyn supporters don't seem to get is that we've got only a few months to stop a #Brexit which will cripple Labour plans, and that if we stop it, then there will be a much sounder economic basis for Labour policies. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Looks like it’s Cambridge Analytica’s time in the barrel for their work in BOTH the #Brexit and Trump campaignsNotably, Putin’s #Russiafavored these campaigns.And Cambridge Analytica has major links w/Russia.NOT COINCIDENCE /end 
Since a European Arrest Warrant has been issued in Scotland for one of the leading lights in the illegal Catalan referendum, I wonder how long it will be until any of all of this lot will be extradited to Spain for their interference ...  
Several dozen Labour MPs are trying to scupper Labour's chances at the local elections. Then they will blame it on Brexit and Corbyn, point to where we are in electoral cycle and, before March 2019, launch yet another leadership campaign. Clear as day. Move on! 
Revealed: Brexit insider claims Vote Leave team may have breached spending limits  
In the final weeks of the #Brexit campaign Vote Leave ramped up its spending, bombarding the small sliver of people it had identified as “persuadable” w/every kind of online ad. And #AIQ helped w/microtargeting for Vote Leave and the 3 *supposedly separate* pro-leave groups.15/ 
The difference in the final #Brexit vote tally was only 600,000 people (just over 1% of total votes).Vote Leave‘s website praised #AIQ pivotal role in #Brexit: “We couldn’t have done it without them.”Vote Leave removed this comment from its site this week.#Busted14/ 
#GreatEasternMarch Ipswich...great event. So many ppl prepared to take the message out to a wider audience. #Brexit is Bollox & we must have a Binding #FinalSayForAll on the Deal with a #Remain option to #StopBrexitSaveBritainWake Up to the deception! #ABTV 
Johnson sees himself as 'pot committed' at this stage. He took a huge gamble to try and become PM, it blew up in his face, only option he has now is to follow it through and pretend he believes in Brexit. 
Brexit campaign was ‘totally illegal’, Vote Leave whistleblower claims. #TheBrexitWhistleblower WATCH THE FULL STORY: 
Not sure you really understand the terms 'fair and square'. You are the Steve Smith of UK politics. Vote Leave clearly breached the spending limits by a piece of subterfuge, and then tried to cover up the wrong-doing. Referendum must now be re-run 
Incredible,Vote Leave pay £625,000 (illegally it looks)  to BeLeave who use the money to buy brexit vote manipulation services from CambridgeAnalytica's Canadian sister company Smelly fishy? 
Hello there @michaelgove What do you reckon about this @guardian story about cheating and lying and breaking campaign rules in the 2016 referendum?What did YOU know, and when? 
Seems Kenya is more democratic than UK nowAfter demonstration of interference & illegalities #CambridgeAnalytica  election rerunYet here in UK Brexit continues EU Marches across country ignored by all TV News Channels  
What’s best for the country should come before Party interests. Now is the time for leadership to prevent our public services being decimated by the Brexit austerity to come. Disappointing.  
During #Brexit, AIQ received a total of £3.9m of campaign funds from 4 pro-leave groups, even though these groups were *supposedly separate* and could only “work together” if they shared the total spending limit of of £7m. 7/ 
Wylie says that #AIQ *connected CA’s algorithms to social & online advertising networks*.In 2015-16, almost all of AIQ’s work came via CA (who OWNS them)worked closely w/Steve Bannon on multiple US campaigns. “Bannon was always interested in #Brexit,” says Wylie. 6/ pic.twitter.com/qBUBZpGuqf 
This is now on open sore on democracy and presents questions about the Tories & #Brexit that cannot be avoided.  
What do you say @Theresa_may to ...your senior advisor outing his ex while working for you from number ten...your senior advisor being involved in alleged cheating during the referendum ...a people’s vote on Brexit to help dig us all out of this sorry mess?  
Thousands join one of biggest anti-Brexit rallies in the North.Pro-EU campaigners took part in what was described as one of the biggest rallies against Brexit.#GreatNorthernMarch #StopBrexit #RallyForEurope #WithEUinSpirit 
Sometimes I think I'm paranoid about my Danish mum's post-Brexit status after 63 years in the UK with permanent resident rights. Today I met a Danish woman here almost as long who was MAYOR of her town (pop 133k) & recently had her application for British citizenship refused. 
The lie of Brexit unravels further. #marr 
Watch all of Channel 4 News’ investigations into Cambridge Analytica and the Vote Leave Brexit campaign  
So let me get this straight, we have to leave EU because in an advisory referendum because the leave side won a narrow victory while lying, overspending and breaking election laws. That's not democracy, it's bullshit. 
Vote Leave was the *official* #Brexit campaign, run by Boris Johnson and Michael Gove.Right before the election, Vote Leave donated a total of £675,315 in 4 donations over 8 days to BeLeave, a political org set up by two 21-something yo’s who worked for Vote Leave. 2/  
There will come a point, 10 years from now, maybe 20, when the liberal left will ask why it squandered the aftermath the referendum recycling broken narratives & indulging in bizarre conspiracies instead of actually tackling the root causes of Brexit head on. 
The danger for Leavers is if tonight’s developments provide a peg to de-legitimise the Referendum outcome  
Brexit campaign was ‘totally illegal’, claims whistleblower  
Serious concerns about integrity of the Brexit referendum campaign raised in tomorrow’s Observer. Such alleged impropriety may have unfairly influenced the outcome. @ElectoralCommUK should investigate with urgency. 
On the anti Brexit march in Edinburgh today I was approached by a middle aged French tourist who shook my hand, thanked me for my support for the EU and told me that we should go for independence for Scotland.Unsurprisingly, I agreed with him. 
This is the political secretary to the Prime Minister. Well, Brexit just plunged into the sewer.  
. @itvnews - Thousands join one of the biggest anti-Brexit rallies in the North.  Meanwhile I can find nothing on the rallies on the @BBCNews website.The BBC is now little better than a government mouthpiece like Russia Today. #StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
So if Corbyn sacking Smith yesterday wasn’t enough to convince you Labour has no proper Brexit opposition, add today’s Guardian interview with StarmerFuture of the Labour Party more important than future of .  3 May: don’t vote Labour! 
Vote Leave 'broke spending limits' in Brexit referendum  
Brexit campaign was ‘totally illegal’, claims whistleblower.A Brexit campaigner has told Channel 4 News that Vote Leave cheated in the 2016 referendum by over-spending.RT so the truth comes out. MPs and the public have a right to #StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
Question for @bbcnews: Could you please explain:NEWS: A few Brexiters illegally dumping dead fish in the Thames.NOT NEWS: Thousands marching against Brexit across the country.Yours, perplexed of London.#StopBrexit 
Vote Leave Brexit campaign 'cheated' to bend referendum spending rules, whistleblower claims  
Keir Starmer: ‘We cannot allow Labour to break apart over Brexit’  
“The idea… that the campaign was legitimate is false.” A Brexit insider accuses Vote Leave of cheating - in response the PM’s political secretary denies the claims and “outs” the accuser as gay. #TheBrexitWhistleblower  
Brexit whistleblower: “They cheated. It’s a lie, the whole thing.”The truth is finally coming out. We need to #StopBrexit. 
Last night, 10 Downing Street publicly outed my friend @shahmiruk to threaten him in a last ditch attempt to stop him revealing pervasive cheating in the EU Referendum. Shahmir we are with you.  
It we don't have a 2nd referendum now, our democracy is finished #FBPE  
Around this time next year will the clocks in UK be going forward an hour....or back about 46 years? #Brexit 
Mass Brexit protests. Not one mention by the BBC.Some twat throws fish in the river. Cameras and journalists all over it. 
Number 10 released an official statement that was not true. Official government machinery was used to smear whistleblower & cover up Brexit funding scheme  
When the SNP protested outside the BBC because a referendum wasn’t going their way, @campbellclaret said it was “intimidation” and “not far off Putin”. Now a referendum hasn’t gone his way, he wants to protest outside the BBC. Apparently he’s a fan of Putinesque intimidation.  
Brexit campaign was ‘totally illegal’, Vote Leave whistleblower claims. #TheBrexitWhistleblowerWATCH THE FULL STORY: 
Wow. “I know Vote Leave cheated.”Brexit campaign was “totally illegal”, claims whistleblower who says he was "outed" by Theresa May aide.Shahmir Sanni told Channel 4 News that “people have been lied to” over Brexit.RT so everyone knows. #StopBrexit. 
There were many reasons to vote leave.In 2016, it was made to look like Brexit would be good for the country.Please follow this thread:  
Co-founder of @OFOCBrexit, the terrific @lara_spirit, has a purposeful message at the #GreatNorthernMarch: 'If you're a young person and you hate Brexit, then we need you. We need you to go to our website, we need you to sign up... and get involved'. 
BOOM! Brexit campaign was totally illegal says a new whistleblower based on "lies, cheating, and a scam." Latest by @Channel4News #CambridgeAnalyticaUncovered #CambridgeAnalytica 
Every news outlet apart from BBC covered huge anti-Brexit demo in Leeds. BBC also strangely silent on whether Russia Today should be banned after Salisbury & refused to let me discuss it on air - I assume because it doesn’t want to offend Putin unduly. Compromised news values. 
They should.But alas, their "Jobs First Brexit" bollocks sadly demonstrates that they're lost down the same rabbit hole as the Tories.And, as with the Brexit bus, the delusion won't become apparent until it's already too late. 
Powerful words from our second whistleblower - we need a new Referendum  
I feel so guilty for voting for #Brexit. It was a mistake. If I could take it back I would. We (leavers) were lied too. @carolecadwalla @Channel4News revelations this week have made me sick to the core. #brexit needs to be CANCELLED. #StopBrexit 
Vote Leave said they couldn't have won the EU referendum without Canadian firm AIQ. Chris Wylie - the Cambridge Analytica whistleblower says that Brexit firm AIQ was effectively “CA’s Canadian branch”. AIQ deny the claim. #TheBrexitWhistleblower  
Anybody who STILL supports Brexit - if they don’t belong to the 0.01% who’ll profit from it - IS thick.Sorry.  
The government cheated with their £9m propaganda leaflet to every household.  Lies and then more lies spouted from their mouths, especially Osborne.  Let it drop.  The people know best.  They voted out.  Be told. #Brexit.  
It might be an idea to organise the next big anti-Brexit protest outside @BBCNews . I mean obviously they wouldn't cover it but others might 
Brexit whistleblower: ‘They cheated. It’s a lie, the whole thing’  
I am politically aware and as are my friends who are under 18. We come from a working class area where politics is important to us. I can't vote in the referendum to repeal because I won't be 18. Nor will any girl under 18, the 8th affects girls under 18.This isn't fair. 
“The referendum wasn’t legitimate”, says one of the Observer’s whistleblowers. This is the ultimate aim of this story: to delegitimise the largest democratic vote in British history by depicting the public as bovine fools. It is the definition of elitism 
I wonder how long it will take this time for the BBC to cover #TheBrexitWhistleblower detailing how Vote Leave hijacked the referendum? Perhaps they could do a Newsnight graphic of Boris and Gove doing something unmentionable to a ballot box? 
1. I don’t* seek to spoil anyone’s party, but Brexit is happening by force of law now. Whatever comes of the investigations into dirty deeds by the sociopathic liars who edged the win, it will not stop Brexit.* actually I do 
To the organisers of the #GreatNorthernMarch. YOU DONE GOOD!! Awesome, day, well organised, great speakers.  Brexit is not a done deal, it is not inevitable, we can and we will stop it. 
Coming soon: the full inside story of how Shahmir Sanni came to blow the Brexit whistle...  
Watching BBC news. So far not one single mention of the Brexit protests. I no longer want to fund this government propaganda mouthpiece. 
Search engine auto complete doesn't suggest this Brexit is going so well. Brexit means: "disaster... good... issues... dead... island...not going to happen... mistake.. mess"  
Again, I don't like to engage in debates like the Russia stuff, where the only way remain wins the debate is for Brexit voters, on mass, to say "Ahh oops Russia/big-data made me vote brexit". So I only share this for fellow remainers to be aware of....  
Brexit campaign was ‘totally illegal’, Vote Leave whistleblower claims. #TheBrexitWhistleblower 
This is in effect another of Theresa May's #Brexit lies. The idea that a EU and NATO member, a nuclear armed state with a permanent UNSC seat is not independent is absurd. Scotland is not independent, the UK is!#LeaveLies #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Watch all of Channel 4 News’ investigations into Cambridge Analytica and the Vote Leave Brexit campaign  
When you try to cover up what you've done but forget about the activity log... #brexit  
Brexit campaign was ‘totally illegal’, Vote Leave whistleblower claims.#TheBrexitWhistleblowerWATCH THE FULL STORY: 
“We’re going on a path of Brexit based on lies, based on cheating, based on essentially a scam”. Brexit insider accuses Vote Leave of cheating- in response the PM’s political secretary denies the claims and “outs” the accuser as gay #TheBrexitWhistleblower  
Sustained attempt to delegitimise Vote Leave’s victory in the EU referendum. Old smears. Bogus claims by peripheral figures. Tedious. 
Dear Mrs May @theresa_may Mr Corbyn @jeremycorbyn this was a very well attended, peaceful protest by the people whose will you choose to ignore. We all agree that Brexit is not in the best interests of our country and it must be stopped. @acgrayling @Andrew_Adonis @RCorbettMEP  
The @Conservatives should be prepared for their worst ever results across London on May 3 - as the people of London will no doubt reject this divisive, nasty politics driven by an ideological driven Hard #Brexit. Good luck @Conservatives as you'll need all the luck you can get! 
Tonight's @Channel4News revelations about illegal Leave campaign ads and #CambridgeAnalytica confirm that dragging Britain from the EU is about nothing less than a coup.To back or even accept #Brexit now makes you an accomplice to the greatest attack on UK democracy since WWII. 
Louise Mensch is Vote LeaveLouise Mensch is Vote LeaveLouise Mensch is Vote LeaveShe is a disinformation specialist with ties to all these corrupt Brexit politicians and #CambridgeAnalytica and now working to influence US political landscape 
Shocked by these claims that Vote Leave cheated in the referendum. Everything they did seemed so honest.  
This is huge if the Brit Est. cheated in the EU referendum you can bet your bottom dollar they cheated in Scotland's independence referendum!  
BREAKING: Labour seeks cross-party consensus on Irish border Brexit deal“The point has now come where it is so serious that we have to enshrine this in law,” @Keir_Starmer 
Americans don't realize that #TrumpRussia & #Brexit are two sides of the same coin - a Russian-sponsored operation to sow chaos, hurt democracy & advance Putin's agenda.Fortunately, it's not possible to do this without leaving a paper trail. #FollowTheMoneyh/t @carolecadwalla 
How can Labour not oppose Brexit? It’s a right-wing coup, funded with filthy money, for the benefit of a rich few, not for ‘the many’. 
Channel 4 News just led on very strong story about Vote Leave and BeLeave coordinating their campaigns. If they did, they broke the law, making the outcome of the #Brexit ref highly questionable. The British people must not be cheated. 
This Brexit insider and Leave voter is right. The Leave campaign worked illegally to undermine UK democracy. They are trying to threaten and himush him up. #FBPE #FinalSay #WATON 
Does anyone think it’s coincidence far fetched Cambridge Analytica & Channel 4 Vote Leave stories are unveiled at same time? This is coordination by anti democratic forces trying to overturn Brexit result. Govt needs to have security forces investigate this collusion as a threat 
Downing Street’s reaction to a Brexit campaigner submitting evidence to the Electoral Commission of rule breaking on an industrial scale by the Leave campaign? Why, to out him as gay to his conservative Muslim Pakistani community, of course.Morally bankrupt, indefensible worms.  
Money, data, influence: how the Brexit campaigns link up...  
Brexit campaign was ‘totally illegal’, claims whistleblower  via @Channel4News 
Shocking dog-whistle Brexit scaremongering by Labour Mayor Khan.Conservative Gov. very clear in ensuring EU citizens in UK are welcome and have certainty about their future in UK including citizenship.#YouCantTrustKhan 
#TheresaMay / @theresa_may the #appeaser take special note of this perfect quote for you from a real #Conservative Leader #WinstonChurchill god bless him! We will not forget your #SellOut #Treachery! #BBC #SKY @LBC #LBC @ConHome @CCHQPress #ConservativeParty #UK #TORY #EU #BREXIT  
A whistleblower who worked for the Vote Leave campaign alleges that the masterminds behind the 2016 vote, including key figures now working for Theresa May, may have flouted referendum spending rules & then attempted to destroy evidence#StopBrexit #Brexit 
Anti-Brexit march closes city centre roads for protest.Great Northern March sees thousands take to the streets of Leeds. And thousands more join rallies across the country to campaign to #StopBrexit.#marchforeurope #GreatNorthernMarch #WithEUinSpirit 
Thousands join one of biggest anti-Brexit rallies in north  #StopBrexit2018  
Been a staunch labour supporter since I got into politics about 8 years ago. Unfortunately, today I cancelled my @UKLabour membership, and joined the @LibDems.Brexit’s not party political, and none of the good things @jeremycorbyn wants to achieve can be done if Brexit happens. 
“We’re going on a path of Brexit based on lies, based on cheating, based on essentially a scam”Brexit insider accuses Vote Leave of cheating…in response the PM’s political secretary denies the claims and “outs” the accuser as gay  #TheBrexitWhistleblower 
The Scumbag @OwenSmith_MP paying no attention to the #BrexitVote of #Wales or the #Brexit vote of the #UK as a whole! This despicable #MP needs to be deselected by the @UKLabour ASAP! #TRAITOR! #LabourParty #Labour @jeremycorbyn #BBC #SKY @LBC #LBC @ConHome @CCHQPress #OwenSmith 
Vote Leave cheated in the EU Referendum  
I am reminded of a talk I attended 20 years ago. The thrust was that when it comes to views and emotions, our natural state is change - we are either moving towards an idea or away from it. Take heart: as a nation we are moving away from Brexit; that’s what will ultimately count. 
Why young, inexperienced BeLeavers were perfect for the Brexit campaignMore detail on Darren Grimes and the suspicious relationship between Vote Leave and the student BeLeave campaign. The electoral commission investigation is ongoing 
Its a matter of DEMOCRACY! No Referendum allowed Jail Pain No freedom of speechShow your solidarity with the catalan people! Catalonia and catalans need your support! Help us!#LlibertatPresosPolítics 
#C4news at 6.30pm with explosive new allegations of cheating in the referendum campaign WATCH NOW 
As Brexit crumbles, Britain saw #StopBrexit rallies all over the country today. Tens of thousands took to the streets, like in #Edinburgh for the @YEMEdinburgh @YEM_UK #StopBrexit March. The majority now want to #Remain.#FBPE #WATON #WithEUinSpirit 
BREAKING: Vote Leave "cheated" claims Brexit whistleblower  
Revealed: the ties that bind Canadian data firm AIQ to Leave campaign in referendum  
Today thousands of UK citizens attended anti-Brexit rallies across the country. The BBC has chosen not to give them any coverage. Why?  @BBCNews 
NEW: Brexit insider claims Vote Leave team may have breached spending limits  
Vote Leave said they couldn't have won the EU referendum without Canadian firm AIQ. Chris Wylie, the Cambridge Analytica whistleblower, says that Brexit firm AIQ was effectively “CA’s Canadian branch”. AIQ deny the claim. #TheBrexitWhistleblower  
Here it is, the Brexit bombshell.......watch Vote Leave whistleblower, Shahmir Sanni, tell his incredible story in his own words #TheCambridgeAnalyticaFiles 
.@OwenSmith_MP has really misjudged it! People know the choice is between the nasty @CONservatives & @UKLabour. .@jeremycorbyn can’t stop Brexit but he can lead a Government that works #ForTheMany. When the GE comes we’ll have a radical alternative. Labour must be united! 
Brexit campaign was ‘totally illegal’, claims whistleblower.  #TheBrexitWhistleblower 
“We’re going on a path of Brexit based on lies, based on cheating, based on essentially a scam”. Brexit insider accuses Vote Leave of cheating- in response the PM’s political secretary denies the claims and “outs” the accuser as gay #TheBrexitWhistleblower  
The Brexit whistleblower: 'Not cheating is the core of what it means to be British' – video  
(Thread - source: Channel 4) - Whistle-blower claims in the Brexit campaign people were "lied to” and that the EU Referendum “wasn't legitimate." He says Vote Leave broke the law and exceeded legal spending limits. There are also links to Cambridge Analytica. 
“He wanted a 2nd referendum, Jeremy?”“Yeah, that’s why I sacked Owen Smith, John”“Didn’t Diane Abbott demand the same only 4 months ago, Jeremy?”“Yeah, but I wasn’t trying to divert attention from my 2nd anti-Semitic Facebook group membership, John”“Oh yeah, of course”  
My English translation of judge Llarena's 23/3 dramatic decision to emprison five more #Catalan MPs ahead of trial on grounds of "rebellion" for organizing a referendum and carrying out their election pledge.#FreeCatalanPoliticalPrisoners 
Teams from Cambridge have now won the EU referendum, the US election, and both Boat Races. 
And I can reveal that on Thursday Shahmir Sanni and two other Brexit whistleblowers went to the Electoral Commission with their complaints, a 46-page submission by two top QCs, and a huge amount of documentary evidence. More on #C4News at 6.30 
Brexit is the biggest political decision of a lifetime and the Labour front bench must be united on the issue.For Owen Smith to break shadow cabinet collective responsibility (especially so close to local elections) was wrong to do and Corbyn was right to sack him. 
Today on #c4news at 6.30, I talk to #TheBrexitWhistleblower Shahmir Sanni who tells me Vote Leave “cheated” by illegally over-spending on the Referendum campaign.  He accuses Theresa May’s political secretary Stephen Parkinson of being behind the operation.  
Tory supporting SCL Cambridge Analytica implicated in election tampering in Foreign Countries incl Trump in USA and here in Brexit!!!!! That’s a bloody national scandal.. is it for money? Power Or ideology?  
We must make sure that we're ready to walk away from Brexit trade talks - because if we prepare to do so, we won’t have to, writes James Forsyth  
Parliamentarians across traditional party divide are coming together demanding #FinalSay Referendum  
David Hogg read my mind this 2018 election will be a referendum on gun violence and of course the impeachment of fat Dotard 
Part 2 coming tonight... #brexit  
"Our neighbours, friends and family were promised a land of milk and honey and voted, in good faith, for a brighter future. As that future appears on the horizon they may rightly claim they were mis-sold Brexit. Time for them to have the #FinalSay  on the Brexit deal" #FBPE 
Great day in Exeter. Happy to be with so many people who know that the Brexit deal is dangerous nonsense.  
I would just like to say thank you to all the amazing people of all race and colour who turned up today to fight Brexit, I’m only one man but together we prove we are stronger together, this fella was amazing.#greatnorthernmarch 
In exotic Queen’s Hotel bar in Leeds - which has a secret exit straight into station to catch the train to Newcastle to speak at next anti-Brexit demo tomorrow. Drinking Guinness in solidarity with Irish on Brexit (!)  
On Brexit, Corbyn cheers the Tories on and he will three line whip his MPs to vote for May’s deal in the Autumn.  
When Theresa May has completed negotiations with EU, Corbyn will assess what exactly she has negotiated/what agreement with EU is on offer: only then will he take final position on it. That's the approach of a sensible Leader. Consider all the facts first. In due course.#Brexit  
The #Brexit advocated by the Labour leadership which takes the UK out of the Single Market will weaken the economy and cut local government funding.Vote pro-EU in the local elections for better Council funding. Don't vote for brexit-pushing LabCon.#StopBrexit #FBPE #ABTV 
A reminder: David Davis - he is still Brexit Minister despite misleading Parliament and the nation... #BrexitShambles #marr 
The UK is a stinking cesspit of corruption:  Each revelation adds weight to the argument that Scotland's independence referendum was indeed rigged! 
A second whistleblower emerges in the explosive #CambridgeAnalytica scandal. And now it looks like the bombshells land around #Brexit and @vote_leave 
#Brexit is just the beginning of a new era of POLITICAL and ECONOMIC humiliation of Britain!It is initiated by an 'elite' following its own agenda!People of Britain are strong enough to #STOPBREXIT#FBPE 
Leeds was legendary. Keep up the pressure and brexit will be stopped @Liverpool4EU #fbpe #stopbrexit #GreatNorthernMarch 
#honestpoll Who is right about #brexit ? Please #retweet for a larger audience and to give a platform for debate. 
Fantastic to see so many EU flags in Exeter today. Loads of great speakers thanks so much to @BenPBradshaw @MollyMEP @juliegirling and all who gave such positive messages that Brexit can be stopped!#STOPBREXIT 
Dear @BBCNews, @BBCBreaking, there have been anti-Brexit marches across the UK today & especially a large one in Leeds called the Great Northern March.Huge numbers of people marching against Brexit.Why aren't you covering this?At all?#GreatNorthernMarch#StopBrexit#FinalSay 
Delighted to address #MarchForEurope in #Edinburgh on behalf of @theSNP. A fantastic turnout & a beautiful day #Brexit #ScotlandsPlaceinEurope #FBPE 
91% of Lib Dem members want a second referendum on Brexit deal and it is party policy.  Labour remainers might want to consider whether they are backing the right party. 
Wow, 2500 marched for a #FinalSay to #StopBrexit  in #Exeter today. Fantastic speakers, great atmosphere! Thanks to the great @Devon4Europe team. Thanks to the SW Groups who attended. We can and will Stop Brexit!  
For a country supposedly crawling out of the ruins of the Brexit vote, the UK has been having a strikingly good year so far, writes @FraserNelson 
Far from producing an extra £350m a week for the NHS - Brexit is the big existential threat for the future of the NHS. Tories are still using it as bait to hook a US trade deal. We need to #SaveOurNHS #FundOurNHS 
@OwenSmith_MP @terrychristian Why has there been no mention in press about Cambridge Analytica/Robert Mercer influencing the Brexit result. I read a Guardian article after the referendum about their affect on the result but have heard nothing since. Is the media being silenced???  
How Remain wins a second referendum. From today's essay on all that data stuff.  
My photos from the Stop Brexit March in #Leeds this afternoon #StopBrexit #GreatNorthernMarch #FBPE @LeedsEurope @StopBrexitMarch @acgrayling @thecitytalking @LeedsCC_News 
Hi @ALDEParty, your VP is justifying that 9 Catalan politicians are in jail for organizing a referendum. Isn't that hate speech?Either you open a procedure against him or don't call yourself "liberal". Economic liberalism without human rights is just China-lite.  
Top afternoon with fellow Brexit fighters at the #GreatNorthernMarch@Suewilson91 @BremainInSpainThanks for everything you do 
The world is going tits up in a handcart. Brexit. Trump. Ice caps melting. 80% loss of invertebrates in Europe. Cambs Analyt.destroy democracy. Lies win the game. And we’re arguing about a fucking cap and a mural. FFS Labour! Arsehole & Elbow time!! 
After Jeremy Corbyn claimed he defended an antisemitic mural “on the grounds of free speech”, Owen Smith has started work on a ‘Second Referendum’ sculpture. 
Hey @BBCWorld @BBCBreaking Good to see that you are quite rightly covering #MarchForOurLives It seems odd that you choose to utterly ignore the numerous anti #Brexit demos that are going on in the UK.We don't trust you anymore.#bbcbias #GreatNorthernMarch @Scotland4Europe 
Thank you Katie. Fantastic day over 100 brexit activists.  Amazing response from passers-by- 600 Brexit bags handed out and 1,000 leaflets. Lots of under 20's signed up for Brexit news. Thank you to a great team- couldn't have been better.  
Organisers have hailed an "incredible" turnout as more than 5,000 people took to the streets of Leeds today to call for an end to #Brexit.#GreatNorthernMarch 
Germany DEMANDS '180 degree turn on Brexit' after 'FATAL negotiations'  
I’m genuinely at a loss as to how advocating a say on what this process yields is ignoring the result of the referendum. It also happens to be policy pic.twitter.com/fzy0UWNK7x 
Come on BBC wake up.. normally I’d say it’s because life is none existent North of Watford. But it’s anti Brexit and that another nail in the coffin as far as reporting is concerned. Come on prove me wrong report.  
If the BBC doesn’t give a prominent place on the news to all the marches opposing Brexit, it is obviously running scared of this vindictive Tory government. They may be right to be scared but they are wrong to give in to bullying. 
SACKED: Remoaner Owen Smith culled from Labour frontbench after calling for second referendum. They just don’t get it do they? The British public have made their decision!  
Inspiring crowd fighting to #StopBrexit for the good of our country at the #GreatNorthernMarch. An advisory referendum can't make the impossible possible. And people in a democracy can change their minds. It's not a done deal. #Brexit can and must be stopped!  
It  just shows what a stitch up Brexit is. They platform Brexiteers& their stupid stunts, but when there the people marching, zero coverage!  
I'm not some blind Europhile.I am pro-EU because I'm pro-UK.And I'm not trying to block Brexit. I'm trying to persuade my fellow citizens to think again. We were sold a pup. They can't deliver the Brexit they promised.It's not too late for a change of heart.Respect to all.  
Owen Smith: Corbyn made mistake sacking me over Brexit stance  
Veterans Group: Govt Plotting ‘Below the Radar’ Deal Keeping UK Military Tied to EU After Brexit | Breitbart  
With former director of Cambridge Analytica Brittany Kaiser now confirming their work with LeaveEU involved analysis of data provided by UKIP, this video explains just some of the problems the Information Commissioner has to overcome....UKIP -  a stain on British politics. 
May aide accused of outing former partner in Brexit row 
Cambridge Analytica bragged: "We have vast data for Brexit vote"Brexiteers used many tricks/deceptions to get the vote, since they knew they would lose if their strategy had relied on genuine honesty.A fresh referendum should and MUST be implemented. Basic democratic right.  
To think of Brexit as populism is to confuse a disease with its cure. If you address what's concerning people, populist parties vanish - as UK experience shows. My take:  
But it was only a couple of months ago Anita that your heroine Diane Abbott called for a second Referendum. Strange values eh? But then we're not entirely sure what your Red policy is other than a hate campaign against The Tories and slavish admiration for the Venezuelan regime.  
Still angry about Brexit so obviously had to support #GreatEasternMarch  today 
"We need to reboot, and in ways that make the use of the ballot box in our country legal, clean and reliable. The EU referendum was infected by the opposite of those things: it cannot be allowed to stand."  
Humiliated: Lib Dem Leader Heads to Brussels Summit Claiming Eight EU Leaders Support Call for Another Brexit Vote – None Do  
On the March for Europe in Edinburgh - for a fairer, greener Europe, not Brexit and disaster capitalism @patrickharvie @EdinburghGreens @europeangreens @FYEG 
Brexit voters reminded to put clocks back to 1972 tonight  
If you care about hacking, and the misuse of information for political leverage, do support our sister podcast UNTOLD: the Cambridge Analytica story. It's about the criminal media nexus gone global with #Trump #Russia #Brexit  
Brexit Vote distorted by #CambridgeAnalytics. The public deserve a #VoteOnTheDeal free of Facebook manipulation 
Despite all the dire Brexit forecasts, the U.K. has had a strikingly good year. Leaving the EU may well boil down to far less, economically, than anyone thought.  
It's astonishing just how un-newsworthy @BBCNews continues to find anti-brexit marches to be. Yet last week when brexiteers were doing their inane throwing-fish-in-the-Thames stunt, it was widely covered.  It just isn't right.  #GreatNorthernMarch 
On way to #London. Only editor from #Maharashtra to have been invited by the #UK govt ahead of #CHOGM next month. Will be interesting to meet #UK ministers as #Brexit gains momentum. 
Brexit alliance crumbling: Ireland LASHES OUT at 'GREAT EU LIE' - 'It is MADNESS!'  
Had we repealed the '72 Act immediately after The Referendum we would be out of the EU completely. British fishing only within our 200 mile limit and British passports made in UK to name but two of hundreds. Can still do it if our MPs are so willing. 
. He comes from Aberdeen and says he has the best interest of the whole UK at heart.However, he ignores Scotland’s voice.                       Works for Brexit & England  
Our own Peter French on stage at the #GreatNorthernMarch!'I've been enriched by all the people I've met who are trying to stop Brexit.'How true is that? Thanks a million to all the incredible people we've met working their socks off to #StopBrexit! 
Now for Brexit. Follow @LeaveAnonymous 
Can I remind you that George Osborne created an austerity that is still so devastating that it made millions prey to the siren call of xenophobia or that he didn't oppose whilst in govt the call for the EU referendum. He is the cause of #brexit and should admit so.  
Clear to every Irish nationalist/republican that Corbyn is just another Brexiteer who doesn't really understand or care about how a hard #Brexit will repartition Ireland.  
Labour’s official position on Brexit (supporting it) is why most of the economic advisors resigned. It defies reason (economic & political).  
VIDEO: 'There is absolutely no reason Brexit should happen' Lord Adonis tells Oxford crowd  
Now it's time for @Andrew_Adonis to take the stage and tell the #GreatNorthernMarch what he thinks of the #Brexit disaster!  
#brexit #marrshow #MarchForEurope #EU #bbcnews #bbc #MarchForEurope RT @AngryRemainer: My favourite banner so far  #GreatNorthernMarch  
Even my most ardent remaining friends are not buying into Owen Smith's second referendum stunt! They know an attempt to undermine Corbyn when they see it. 
Professor @acgrayling as passionate and factual as ever at the #GreatNorthernMarch!'Brexit is NOT a done deal'  
Spotted in a stop-Brexit rally. Absolutely disgusting. @Nigel_Farage 
Fantastic crowd here in #Exeter. My message is clear: it’s time for politicians to be honest. #Brexit will make our country poorer. We are a sovereign nation choosing to take our place in the world as a member of the EU. @Devon4Europe #FinalSay #stopbrexit 
Looking forward to accusations of being a terrorist sympathiser referendum denying anti-Semite while I try to help my neighbors with dog mess and street lighting issues today. So thanks for that @OwenSmith_MP You absolute pillock #LabourDoorstep 
No. See my report @patribotics which I just RTed on this TL.I have sources, senior sources with links to UK intelligence who say in terms MI6 think the #Brexit vote was swayed by Russian bots. I accept their ruling. I also say, they need to give that evidence to the public 
#BrexitIsPersonal@theresa_may The Demos Mrs May includes 16.2M #Remain voters AND the millions of British,Germans,French,Poles, ALL EU27inUK & UKinEU you continue to exclude. #WeAreEuropeBrexit will fail.  
MEP @DirkHazell of UKEPP giving the most electric speech from the centre ground that I've ever heard: 'Europe wants us!.. The most successful peace project, our shared European Union'. 'I appeal to decent Conservatives.. we can, we must, we shall Stop Brexit!' #GreatNorthernMarch 
#GreatNorthernMarch @StopBrexitMarch @LeedsEurope superb and very funny speech by @acgrayling about the nonsense of Brexit  + strong rallying call to keep fighting. Surely we’ll see this on @BBCNews tonight ?? 
Ireland's 8th, wonderfully dissected by Anne Enright - Time for change: Anne Enright on Ireland's abortion referendum  
#GreatNorthernMarch with fab anti Brexit army representative! #WithEUinspirit 
Leeds Great North Stop Brexit demo - great crowd! Outside Leeds City Library, a Victorian masterpiece  
The consensus from Corbyn tweeps seems to be that me registering my unhappiness at Corbyn’s stance on Brexit by voting for a pro-EU party in a local election of a council split 48LAB-14LD-2CON, will “put the Tories back in” and “destroy the societal fabric of this country”.  
The Great Northern March in Leeds - EXACTLY the sort of event that we would like the Opposition Labour Leader to speak at! SADLY he is too busy sacking people who oppose the Tory BREXIT line of his party! Corbyn - Was-up?? #StopBrexit #BestForBritain #FinalSay #OFOC #Open_Britain 
Where even to start?“Gay 'whistleblower' who threatened to reveal 'how Brexiteers cheated in EU referendum' accuses Downing Street of 'putting his Pakistani family's safety at risk' after his political secretary ex 'outed him' in an official statement” 
Amazing Anti Brexit march in leeds #StopBrexit 
'every promise from the referendum campaign has been broken, we need a vote on the #finaldeal' fabulous speech from @MollyMEP #StopBrexit #SouthWestFinalSay #ExeterMarch #FinalSay 
"Ireland can count on us" in its Brexit border battle, Angela Merkel says  
Waiting backstage with my youngest daughter for my turn to come up the stage at #GreatNorthernMarch & ROAR!! #Brexit will damage her future & will reduce her freedom! That’s why we need to #StopBrexitSaveBritain  
‘@GavinWilliamson: New gunboats will protect British fisheries post-Brexit. @fishingforleave 
Co-leader of the Green Party @jon_bartley at the #GreatNorthernMarch:'We are not going to let them sacrifice our future on the alter of Brexit. We are going to take back control for ourselves... Britain will not be bargain basement!'  
My finger to Farage. Answers on a postcard where I should shove it.My red line, No Brexit.#GreatNorthernMarch 
I want to express my personal thanks to the EU for standing by us over the #SalisburyAttack, despite how badly our Govt is behaving towards you over #Brexit (altho' that's as nothing compared to how badly they're behaving towards us Brits!) #BrexitBetraysBritain #FinalSay #FBPE 
Brexiteer businessman MOCKS Brussels as he shows how EU criticised its OWN Brexit solution  
@guyverhofstadt you probably won’t hear about this as @BBCNews are observing a media blackout on any anti-Brexit protests. #GreatNorthernMarch 
Anti-Brexit march closes city centre roads for protest - updates For live updates on #GreatNorthernMarch! 
Tonight at 6.30pm on Channel 4 News:  PM's political secretary - Stephen Parkinson - and No 10 are under fire - for “outing” an ex-boyfriend and Shahmir Sanni blows the whistle to this programme with sensational claims about the EU referendum.  
At the Stop Brexit march in Leeds  
'We can, and we will, stop Brexit!' Richard Wilson, chair of our fantastic collaborators @leedseurope. It's been a pleasure working with you guys! #GreatNorthernMarch 
London is a pro decency REMAIN city but the myth that the North of England is pro Brexit is today being outed big time!!! To Hell with the greedy elite right and the crazy cult of JC left!! #MarchForEurope #GreatNorthernMarch #FBPE #WATON 
#Brexit isn’t a trial run. It’s going to leave us weaker and it’s not something we can redo later. #StopBrexit - @Femi_Sorry @OFOCBrexit#GreatNorthernMarch #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
UK actually EXPERIENCING mass rallies on Brexit, yet radio silence from the BRITISH Broadcasting Corporation @BBCNews #brexitbias 
If you’re at #GreatNorthernMarch in Leeds, show your support for Valerio at La Strega Cafe (6-8 Fish Street just behind Debenhams). He and his family are Italian & very fearful of Brexit, so show them we march for them to #StopBrexit @LeedsEurope Pls RT   @yorkshirepost 
‘Britain seems broken now’: faces from the Brexit exodus to Europe  
"Young people voted against Brexit...the 'will of the people' has an expiration date" - @Femi_Sorry & @OFOCBrexit making excellent points at #GreatNorthernMarch #StopBrexit #StopBrexitMarch @StopBrexitMarch 
Anti-Brexit demonstrations in Leeds today; rep'd by people of Leeds, Manchester, Hull and Sheffield, as well as Scientists, Green and Labour Parties; genius song references too! #NeverGonnaGiveEUup #KnowingMeKnowingEU #IAm10YearsOldAndIAmMoreIntelligentThanTheresaMay 
COME ON BBC! #bbcnews You cover a few people on a boat throwing stuff in the Thames - but WILL YOU cover the thousands and thousands of people marching AGAINST BREXIT in Leeds, Suffolk, etc? Come on! #StopBrexit #FinalSay #BestForBritain #FinalSay #OFOC #Open_Britain 
Last two days in meetings with peeps from EU27 and Norway. Theresa May is a standing joke. The passport affair caused hilarity. And they are thoroughly ****ed off by brexit. 
Brexit is a monstrosity! #stopbrexit #greatnorthernmarch 
#GreatNorthernMarch #WithEUinSpirit #StopBrexit Great Northern March: Thousands call for end to Brexit in Leeds  
Big question is when @BBCNews will cease suppressing the fact that there is growing opposition to #Brexit. Presumably when someone twigs they are doing irreparable self damage,  nb to @BBCtrending #GreatNorthernMarch 
The problem with neo liberalism is that it has moved the centre line of politics so far to the right that when we talk of moderate politicians; it means those that believe in austerity except on Sunday morning.  #brexit  
Around 5,000 people have taken to the streets of #Leeds today  #brexit #greatnorthernmarch 
What a brilliant turn out at the #GreatNorthernMarch We can and we will Stop Brexit  
“Brexit smells!” cries a youngster with wisdom beyond his years. #MarchforEurope @TheNewEuropean @SuffEUAlliance 
Sacking of @OwenSmith_MP from shadow cabinet over referendum call shows the deep split in Labour on Brexit 
The Blairites are the cancer of Labour. The pro EU as well as pro Brexit and the party must pull it self together and back Jeremy Corbyn. We must all work together for a Labour Government. We should spend time fighting the Tories not fighting amongst ourselves. 
After Brexit, it will not be so easy for Mrs May to convene such impromptu meetings with her EU counterparts  
57% agree that “the government should get on with implementing the result of the referendum to take Britain out of the EU and in doing so take back control of our borders, laws, money and trade”  
Brexit Wrecks It#WithEUinSpririt#GreatNorthernMarch 
The Anti #Brexit Team #GeorgeSoros & #Ginamiller #EU #MAGGOTS trying to undermine #BREXIT with lots of help from the #WarCriminal #TonyBlair & fellow EU #MAGGOT #RichardBranson! #BBC #LBC @LBC #SKY #UK @Conservatives #TORY @ConHome #Labour #LabourParty #UKIP #Libdems @UKLabour 
March for Europe going through Leeds @LeedsEurope #brexit  
Finally (for now), and I know this isn’t the major issue here, but it’d be great if we could decide if it’s anti-semitism, antisemitism or anti-Semitism. Maybe we should have a referendum on it. 
Is there a link between Cambridge Analytica and the DUP’s secret Brexit donors? | openDemocracy  
This young man is not only mistaken about the demographics of Brexit, he is also mistaken about every other issue he mentions. Was he hand picked by the question time staff to be an "anti-Femi"?#FBPE 
“The Tories are back to thinking they can do what they what to Scotland and get away with it. Well, they can’t. They’ve no mandate for a hard Brexit. No mandate for cuts. No mandate for attacks on the welfare state”: @NicolaSturgeon #SNP18 #Glasgow 
@NicolaSturgeon on Brexit - “Ireland is demonstrating ever single day, independence is essential and independence is what Scotland needs.”  #SNP #snp18 #Glasgow 
May I remind you Prime Minister, you were elected to Parliament by the British people to look after THEIR interests & now to implement THEIR vote for #Brexit  
Labour MPs calling for a second referendum are wrong to do so and show a distinct lack of imagination. Brexit is an opportunity for democratic renewal. The narrative will be led either by the Tories or Labour. That’s the choice. Let’s not waste this chance. 
Just goes to show the utter contempt that @BBCNews @BBCScotland @BBCScotlandNews have for #ScotlandThe majority of Scots voted to remain in the EU and it's a sad day when protests against @Conservatives #Brexit power grabs are totally ignored by our own public funded broadcaster  
#Ginamiller is funded by Money #MAGGOT #GeorgeSoros! This #Remoaner Reptile is an enemy of the #British people, she is trying to undermine #BREXIT everyday! #Soros #GinaMiller #BBC #LBC @LBC #SKY #UK @Conservatives #TORY @ConHome #EU #Labour #LabourParty #UKIP #Libdems @UKLabour 
Too much pessimism in politics at the moment. It’s all going to be fine. Another year will finish off Brexit. We are still a great European country, & off the back of this Brexit far right scare we will make it greater, fairer and more democratic still. Don’t panic! 
A powerful editorial in The Lancet, outlining the problems Brexit is creating for the NHS. Politicians in both parties should consider whether political ideology is more important than the ‘boring detail’ of running a modern 21st century economy.  
The Centrists politics of Owen Smith, Chuka Umunna etc..is about making Labour again a neo-liberal party that is Pro-Privatisation and "business friendly." Their ideal is for Britain to be similar to the USA with two neo-liberal parties who only disagree on issues like Brexit 
Good luck and thank you to all those campaigning against Brexit across Britain this weekend. The more united we are, the louder our voice. Here's to being on the right side of history! #StopBrexit #RethinkAndRenew #GreatNorthernMarch #FBPE #WATON 
Ever wondered how the nonentity Gina always seems to be on the #TV & became a #Remainer spokeswoman...? #GinaMiller is being funded by #EUmoney & is in secret talks with the #EU to undermine your #BREXIT! She is a truly vile individual! #BBC #LBC @LBC #SKY #UK @Conservatives 
How English football delusions helped pave the way for Brexit. Me in the new @blzzrd  
Not surprised that @OwenSmith_MP got the sack.  @jeremycorbyn has done everything he can to help the Tories push through a hard #Brexit. Back the #Libdems in you want an #ExitFromBrexit 
Hello, MPs!It's time you all made a DECISION. Most of you are opposed to #Brexit. There are over four hundred of you who want to #RemainInTheEU. Well, it's time you DID something. Ignore your party whips, decide how to use Parliamentary procedures to #StopBrexit, and... 
Huge turn out at an anti-brexit rally in Leeds today. @BBCLookNorth 
Sad truth is that Labour should be miles ahead in the polls. It isn't despite the Tories being a shambles - there's no Maymentum is there - a deeply unpopular PM. Huge swathe of the centre and centre left are politically homeless. Most Labour voters detest Brexit... 
Nobody takes down the useful idiots of Brexit like a Tory insider. And Matthew Paris is forensic in outlining the danger of these currents of nativism and jingoism in today’s #brexit Britain.  
It's now clear. Corbyn's 'Momentum Labour' is #BrexitLabour and its not going to change its spots. The majority of Labour voters don't want Momentum Labour and they certainly don't want Brexit. IT'S TIME TO CHOOSE #RealLabour & #NoBrexit @Andrew_Adonis @DavidLammy @hilarybennmp 
Yesterday a Tory business contact was slavering over the prospect of re-criminalising homosexuality.After #Brexit (if it's not stopped) will the Tories try to make the "U"K more or less right-wing? 
AC Grayling argues the Cambridge Analytica scandal means the Brexit referendum should be void   
Labour's Owen Smith 'stood by principles' on Brexit.Principles?! How dare he! Only Corbyn is permitted to stand by his principles! The commandment on the wall of the barn says so! 
"a second referendum now we know what the details are" @DavidFordMLA says that he stands with his friend @OwenSmith_MP in calling for a second referendum to an enthusiastic round of applause in the room #ap2018 #stepforward 
66 million EU citizens live in the UK and enjoy the RIGHT to study, work and live anywhere in the EU. It has enriched and improved the lives of so many for decades. On #Brexit day 63 million will lose those rights forever and for no good reason at all. #Leavers why did you do it? 
What does *respect the #Brexit vote* mean?Exactly what we're doing: #Article50 triggered & UK on the #RoadToBrexit. BUT if along the way we decide it's not the right course, it wouldn't be undemocratic to vote again & change our minds.Acting in national interest IS democratic. 
Do You Hear That Noise? .. Its An Army Of Loyal Patriots, Fighting For Britain's Future . #EU #Brexit #GreatNorthernMarch #StopBrexit  
The Tory Brexit negotiation shambles still gives no detailed positions for scores of key areas. Obfuscation & avoidance will only work for so long - with just a yr left to go before Brexit & much less for the negotiation period. Theresa May & David Davis are sinking the UK! #marr 
I really have had enough of you @OwenSmith_MP and @ChukaUmunna supercilious views on brexit. The vote happened and you lost. To put this into context 421 out of 573 English and Welsh constituencies voted leave. Time to accept the democratic vote or resign your positions as MP's  
Solidarity with #MarchForEurope in Edinburgh later and other marches elsewhere. Nothing in brexit is inevitable but the clock is ticking. Scotland voted to remain   
Without being able to say she'll walk away, Theresa May is unlikely to get a good Brexit deal says James Forsyth. His Sun column here:  
I suspect that the only thing for which Corbyn will be remembered by history is robbing Britain of effective opposition on Brexit during the crucial period in which the county’s fate was decided. 
Ben Bradshaw  - Owen Smith it's one of the few politicians that understands the disastrous implications of #brexit on NI. Brexit is much more important than who's in & who's out... when it comes to the vote in the autumn it's inconceivable labour will vote for the deal.#FBPE 
Owen Smith has been sacked from the Labour frontbench for betraying their collective united position of cabinet responsibility. He had to go. This had nothing to do with Brexit, the timing had everything to do with another attack on Corbyn. It won't work. #IStandWithJeremyCorbyn 
I voted #Remain , however, I have blocked many FBPE (Follow Back Pro Europe) Tweeters who followed me because it is clear to me their agenda is more about unfairly trying 2 use #Brexit to damage Labour than about Remain. Remain or Leave #IStandWithJeremyCorbyn#SaturdayMorning 
Great to see leader of @EuroLabour on the list of speakers for today’s #GreatNorthernMarch @RCorbettMEP is probably the UK’s foremost expert on EU-UK constitutional affairs. He knows the rules - what LEAVE promised is not possible. Brexit will make us poorer  
Despite all the dire Brexit forecasts, the U.K. has had a strikingly good year  
And how come Grimes, DUP, etc all decided to spend hundreds of thousands w/Aggregate IQ too? I asked Jeffrey Donaldson, DUP Brexit campaign manger, how he heard of AIQ. ‘I cannot recall’ 
“we need to get going a referendum” on [leaving] the European Convention on Human Rights says ex-Vote Leave chief Cummings, after lawyers ask him to remove statement which appeared to involuntarily out Observer source as gay man, a type of privacy protected under the ECHR  
Brexit alliance crumbling: Ireland LASHES OUT at 'GREAT EU LIE' - 'It is MADNESS!'  
Dear Blairites,The Lib Dems' official policy at the 2017 GE was to support a 2nd referendum. They won 11 seats. They've been hovering around 7% in the polls ever since. What makes you think there is a massive groundswell of support for a 2nd referendum? 
Yes it does. A yes vote in this abortion referendum will copperfasten that.. How can you fight discrimination on the grounds of disability if you concede that someone should not have been born in the first instance. #savethe8th #abortiondiscriminates 
The logic of labour's position would support your optimism as Brexit would clearly fail Labour's tests.But Labour supporters need to be reassured. And recent events have been far from reassuring. 
First class reporting in @EveningStandard @JoeMurphyLondon EXCLUSIVE Cambridge Analytica bragged: We have vast data for Brexit vote  
Here is a reminder to all Remainers: the debate whether it was a good or a bad idea for Britain to leave the EU ended on the day the EU Referendum voted n favour of leaving. From the next day attempts to block #Brexit amounted to treason and subverting the democratic vote. 
Britain's Mood Has Changed.. The Lies Of Brexiteers, Exposed. Its Time For An Exit From Brexit! #Brexit #StopBrexit #GreatNorthernMarch  
Touché. Another example of #r4today failure to do basic research on EU/Brexit issues (including using Twitter effectively - it’s a resource and there are lots of experts here who can tell you about this stuff in clear and straightforward language).  
Owen Smith, Chuka Umunna & other Centrists are not particularly Pro-EU at all. They're careerists who are only in politics for themselves and just use Brexit to pretend they have principles.  
Looking through twitter at the support for #Corbyn, it's clear he has a cult following. They can see no wrong in his support for #Brexit, at any cost, despite the damage it will inflict on millions of hardworking folks. I don't understand how they square the circle. #StopBrexit 
Labour obviously isn't getting back to power pro-Brexit, pro-Putin and anti-Semitic. So it will all come right in the end. We've just got to see it happens fast enough to stop Brexit in the next 12 months. 
Sacked Owen Smith: Majority of Labour members want second Brexit vote  
Truth in Brexit Britain.Micheal Gove before the referendum saying that all existing rights for UK Citizens in the EU would be automatically protected after Brexit.This. Was. A. Lie.His reward was to be made a cabinet minister.  
So @Kirstene4Angus thinks we can get an amazing Brexit deal, but magically thinks an indy Scotland's exports to the UK would suffer?If the Tories get an amazing Brexit deal, and an indy Scotland is in the EU, then we'd already have great access to the rUK   
Go talk to the homeless, the disabled, the hungry children, the nurses paid jackshit for saving lives, the police and emergency services, the impoverished councils. Tell them you won't support Corbyn because Brexit. Seriously? #istandwithjeremycorbyn  
This is pretty appalling. All political parties are a broad church, and (within reason) multiple views should be accommodated. At least half the country opposes Brexit, so it's hardly an extreme position.Corbyn has made me uncomfortable for a while. This isn't helping.  
Truth in Brexit Britain.@OwenSmith_MP sacked for pointing out that Brexit without SM & CU will lead to a hard border for NI, which is true. And that most Labour voters, members and MPs want a vote on the deal, which is true.And that Brexit will cost jobs, which is true. 
Matthew Parris is spot on.#Brexit has been driven at every stage by the far right, and politicians like Jacob Rees-Mogg are channelling some very dark forces. 
‘#Brexit voters are racist & thick’. If #MatthewParris marketed his articles as toilet paper, he’d double his readership overnight. Surely no other rag can absorb this much shit? Jingoism (patriotism you disapprove of) is infinitely preferable toliberal-sanctioned treachery. pic.twitter.com/JKmxF3KqBY 
Wow. Secretary to the PM outs someone in an attempt to stop him revealing the truth about cheating in the referendum. What are they trying to cover up?  
So we remoaners are not just sabotaging Brexit (which, in spite of May's idiocy, would all be hunky dory but for our efforts) but are also responsible for Labour's fortunes (which, in spite of Corbyn's idiocy, would all be hunky dory but for our efforts).  
WATCH | Where to start with Gina Miller's nonsense: EU states are miles from plugging the budget gap caused by Brexit. People want a good deal, a 2nd referendum will ruin our negotiating position. And why is she in all these EU meetings? Support us at  
I despise Brexit and will not give my vote to any party delivering it, or to any party complicit in its delivery. They are MY red lines 
Last week #Brexit was definitely because of Russia. This week it is definitely because of Cambridge Analytica. Don't know about next week yet, but I'm sure we'll think of something. #IAmEuropean #FBPE 
.Brexit Britain....."It's sad that Stephen feels he can't tell the truth about cheating in the Referendum.But I never imagined that he, with the help of Number 10, would choose to tell the world I am gay, in a last desperate attempt to scare me.". 
WATCH snake oil merchant Michael Gove brazenly lie to an anxious woman in the Sky News #EURef debate about how @BritishInEurope will have ALL their rights protected after Brexit. 1. 
.@JeremyCorbyn sacked Owen Smith for this Should he now sack @HackneyAbbott as tooDiane Abbott says she would back referendum on final Brexit deal  
We stand with .@jeremycorbyn a Labour must honour the referendum and we must leave the single market and customs union. No to a second referendum. 
Owen Smith says he believes his position on a second EU referendum was "reasonable" and says he will continue to speak out  
Fury in the House of Lords after Amber Rudd is accused of betraying Brexit by handing the contract to the French  
At the end of the day it's morally repugnant that a serial rebeler of 40 years standing like Corbyn would sack someone for putting forward an idea deeply popular with the Labour membershipHe's an authoritarian, it's his way or no way, whatever the members think#brexit 
It is probably better for political parties to be honest about their policies. We are now clear that Labour is pro Brexit. After 50 years as a Labour supporter I will now cancel my membership.  
I respect Labour's idealism in fighting austerity. But idealism won't  put food on people's tables. Labour can't prevent 4 more years of Tory  govt...but it can change course of history over Brexit by demanding 2nd ref. Tory rebels would join. Remain to end austerity. #OwenSmith 
Imagine @KenMacintoshMSP, @NicolaSturgeon, @JohnSwinney & @Feorlean being imprisoned at the instruction of @theresa_may @10DowningStreet after a second Scottish independence referendum. Then look at the Spanish government’s actions in relation to Catalan. #timeforactionEU 
"Not a single job lost." #Brexit  
I don't want to come over all wobbling Brexit bumfuck about this but NO, calendar. Daylight Saving Time UK does NOT start tomorrow. British Fucking Summer Bollocking Time starts tomorrow, you smirking globalist ringpiece. 
And it begins.Corbyn before country. Corbyn’s desire for the hardest possible of Brexit’s before the country, before the party, before us. This May send a message to Corbyn that you reject his hard Brexit plans by voting Remain  
BBC News - Labour MPs attack sacking of Owen Smith over Brexit  Labour playing politics. Read the last paragraph from Keith Starmer. Both him and Abbott clearly favour a 2nd referendum to frustrate Brexit. They just can’t say it yet. 
Naive. Corbyn’s a Eurosceptic. Labour should be speaking the truth to their heartlands about the toxic effects of Brexit. But instead, Corbyn sacks Owen Smith. 
Opening line in my anti-Brexit speeches this week: 'Do you want to hand the country over to Farage, Rees-Mogg, Johnson & Cambridge Analytica? no? Then Stop Brexit!' It's that simple. 
Brexit Deal: Lost Irish leverage, or UK 'getting real'? via @RTENewsNow  
Seeing those videos of the England fans makes you realise why Brexit happened, why we have the Tory government and why most of Europe hates us.An island nation crammed full of cunts. Any way we can detach Merseyside and connect it to Scotland? 
Disgusting attempt by May’s political secretary & other hard-line Brexiteers to discredit whistleblower for telling tomorrow’s Observer how Leave campaign cheated in #Brexit Referendum, including, unbelievably, outing him to his family in Pakistan.  
Diane Abbott called for a vote on the final #Brexit deal four months ago. She was not sacked. Owen Smith said exactly the same thing yesterday and Corbyn fired him.  
Ok, what do we want? A BREXIT deal as May puts it, or...Out, no deal March 2019? RE-TWEET so we can get a true picture. 
Corby would rather get into bed with this lot than support the one reasonable voice trying to sort out the Brexit mess in Northern Ireland, Owen Smith.What sort of fncked up ethics is that?  
I'd suggest that it is Corbyn's rigidly anti eu support for a hard Tory brexit that will be damaging to the Labour party in the election. Owen and Umana give remainers a ray of hope immediately dashed by Corbyn.Stop blaming others people &l focus on where the damage is real 
Why am I still a Jeremy Corbyn optimist on Brexit? Simple. When Mrs May presents her Withdrawal Treaty to Parliament at year end, Jeremy has to vote for it or against it.  He can’t possibly vote for it & there is only one other credible option. So get ready for 2019 referendum! 
The passport and fishing rows expose the lies and contradictions of Brexit. My latest blog post:  
Supporters of the European Union will take to the streets of #Ipswich today as part of a nationwide day of action against #Brexit.#FBPE #StopBrexit #GreatNorthernMarch 
I didn't vote for #Brexit but right now, if there was a second referendum, I would. Geographically, 'Europe' is an amazing place. I'm now convinced, however, that the @EU_Commission itself, whilst run by the boozed-up old fart @JunckerEU, stinks of corruption and 'backhanders'. 
9 #Catalan leaders are now in jail after the referendum in #Catalonia - I filed this for @BBCFooC - more on #Eòrpa tonight BBC 2 Scot 1730 
Thing is: when a Mum can't afford sanitary towels, worrying about Brexit seems a long way off. In many households today, plenty will cry over Universal Credit, housing, foodbanks, lack of social care. In other words = Tory rule. How is Owen Smith helping these people? Very sad.  
What can YOU do for #Catalonia? Write or call your political leaders, ask them to speak up for Catalonia, to draft resolutions calling for a binding referendum (for example). Write letters to the editor. Write your local Spanish ambassador. Organize events. Share information. 
If Labour, Lib Dems and SNP sang with one voice demanding a 2nd referendum a 2nd referendum would happen. There's a begrudging hunger for it. 
I adore the people who seem to think Corbyn does not know he is supporting anti semitism or Brexit.He knows. You are the people who didn’t know who he was. 
A Plaid-led government would hold a referendum on independence by 2030, writes @Adamprice 
This is the big Brexit story of the week-end. It looks as if parts of the Leave campaign may have been a criminal conspiracy.   
Corbyn proves he's more interested in imposing his Will on the Ppl than in the actual Will of the Ppl;that he's more interested in ideology than the Nat Interest & that he fails to understand any #Brexit becomes a Tory version next time they get back in power.#FinalSayForAll 
Excellent @OwenSmith_MP interview @BBCr4today on honesty about gigantic economic and security threat of #Brexit and grave danger to peace & progress in Northern Ireland of hard border unless remains in #CustomsUnion #SingleMarket 
Listen: Diane Abbott’s Brexit hypocrisy  
#Labour didn't have a very good day yesterday - Can you name them??  1 antisemite leader 1 MP sacked for Brexit comments 1 MP guilty of breaching MPs Code of Conduct 1 MP still in job despite Brexit comments  
Dear Owen Smith apologistsIf Owen Smith was a principled man he would have either refused a place in the shadow cabinet, or resigned it BEFORE he made his speech.The fact he did neither reflects not principle but a cynical attempt to split Labour using #Brexit as a pretext 
Whistleblower claims Theresa May aide 'outed' him as gay over Brexit referendum row Shahmir Sanni said his family in Pakistan were unaware of his sexuality and that Number 10 secretary Stephen Parkinson had put his life in danger#ToriesOut #TorySleaze 
Lab Brexit-blockers are lining up behind Owen Smith, the man with less democratic legitimacy against Jeremy Corbyn than anyone else alive. I thank them for their continued incompetence. 
Jeremy Corbyn sacking of Owen Smith over Brexit views a 'terrible Stalinist purge' 
On the day of multiple #StopBrexit #FBPE rallies all over UK & day after @OwenSmith_MP sacking - a reminder of @uklabour policy on #brexit passed unanimously  by our 2016 conference.  
“For an academic, Britain is finished.” It’s not just EU migrants who have had enough of Brexit Britain, it’s many British too.   
On brexit hypocritical, Owen Smith says he's representing what Labour members want, yet they already made it clear they don't want him representing them at all! 
The obvious way to get over the Brexit blues and assuage our fear of impending global conflict is to man up and join the Russian Federation. 
For a country that was supposed to be crawling around on the scorched earth of the Brexit apocalypse by now, the UK has been having a strikingly good year so far. Excellent piece by @FraserNelson 
On Facebook, Cambridge Analytica, and what Remain could do to win a second referendum.  
Matthew Parris hits the nail on the head about how Brexit is leading to nativism and jingoism, and how liberal Brexiteers are nationalists' 'useful idiots'  
But remaining in the Cusotms Union, Single Market and a second referendum are not agreed party policy. If you break ranks from the Shadow Cabinet expect to lose your job.  
My article looks at the many detailed economic forecasts made for the two years after the vote for Brexit, contrasts them with what has happened and asks if, in light of this, there is grounds for optimism. 
"I never imagined that he, with the help of No 10, would choose to tell the world I am gay, in a last desperate attempt to scare me.”Theresa May’s Political Secretary just publicly outed a whistleblower as gay over alleged Brexit ‘cheating’ 
Brexit - and the disaster that wasn’t. My Wall St Journal article on hype vs reality  
Brexit now widely seen to be a mistake, a dangerous farce. Beggars belief that HM Opposition - my own party - is unable to accommodate someone suggesting the people should have an opportunity to think again.  
Just putting this out there.... If #OwenSmith wanted to 'speak out' on his long held beliefs over #Brexit then fine & he should have stood down not undermined #Corbyn & #Labour weeks before the #LocalElections2018 
Why are you still in a job? Diane Abbott STUNNED by BBC host's brutal #Brexit question Jonathan Dimbleby @dimbleby_jd asked #Labour shadow home secretary why she's still in her job after writing to constituents they should have a say on final deal 
This is a coordinated r/w attempt to dominate the pre-local election news cycle. The 3 chosen issues are antisemitism, Russia and Brexit. They want to force us into defending Corbyn, thus tying us to this agenda. I propose that we avoid this by promoting the manifesto vigorously 
Even May tolerates Remainers in her cabinet. Corbyn will not tolerate any dissent but still tries to make Remainers believe he's on their side.This dictator is an enemy of Remainers. He's declared war on you. Vote anti-Brexit on 3 May.  
If the Labour Party is opposed to a second referendum it isn’t because they respect democracy, it’s because they are worried that voters may no longer support the Brexit the party leadership wants. 
Nationally Owen Smith has a crisis of conscience over need for another referendum. Locally candidates and supporters in local elections despair at this distraction from their campaign. Deliberate distraction by Smith. Time for the many have their say about this right wing cabal. 
"MANAGED SURRENDER?" EU political magazine paints white flag over white cliffs of Dover. (Metaphorically)  Are they right?  Read our #Brexit article:  
Here's @Plaid_Cymru's pledge should they get into government: Independence referendum National airline Energy grid 
I doubt the public would be surprised to find out #Conservatives were involved in any kind of #election #cheating do you @SamCoatesTimes? @vote_leave @darrengrimes_ #brexit  
One of the most extraordinary stories I have ever heard, as told by Brittany Kaiser to me and @paullewis - “Former Cambridge Analytica exec says she wants lies to stop”  #CambridgeAnalytica #FriendsHack #Brexit  
You have spoken truth Owen #brexit is massive threat to #GoodFridayAgreement & open Irish border unless NI & by extension UK is in same #CustomsUnion & #SingleMarket as Ireland @Open_Britain 
On way to Leeds for Great Northern March for Europe. Then up to Newcastle for Anti-Brexit demo at Grey’s Monument at 2pm tomorrow. Britain needs a new Great Reform Act for equality & devolution in England - not Brexit. Come if you can!  
Catalan Political Prisoners and the 1-O Referendum should be nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize Award too!  
FFS if anyone is in any doubt about where Corbyn stands on Brexit I think hes made it pretty fucking clear now - asking for 2nd Ref openly clearly honestly & publicly gets you sacked....TIME FOR CORBYN TO GO RESIGN or STAND DOWN - this confirms my no more votes for labour stand 
The sequence in front of Courts, SC is simple & legal:1. Dissolution of this parliament. 2. Appointment of a patriotic caretaker govt for 3 years. 3. imposition of financial/security emergency. 4. Accountability. 5. Pol system reforms/referendum.6. Presidential system..  
Time for @TheGreenParty @LibDems @Plaid_Cymru @theSNP and anti Brexit @UKLabour @Conservatives MPs to unite against Brexit. If not now, when? 
Brexit was manipulated by Cambridge Analytica.There is no will of the people.There is no mandate for it. The one man who could fight it is sleeping with the Enemy.Bring him down before he brings down Labour.  
EU leaders show UK the Brexit runway "This is the second time that they were incapable of expressing what they want, and so we had to do the work for them, that they were supposed to do” (EU diplomat)Sad but true.#brexitshambles#Incompetence 
Labour MPs attack sacking of Owen Smith over Brexit  
I'm astonished, not that Corbyn sacked Owen Smith, but that other Remainers out there were still hanging on to some insane notion of a "long game".There is only one game and it's to ensure Brexit occurs. That has been obvious since the 3 line whip over unamended Article 50. 
Leave EU have also been busy deleting records of their relationship with Cambridge Analytica. But don’t worry, we have screen shots! #CambridgeAnalytica #Brexit #LeaveEU 
Skirmishes, party punishment follow vote to allow Irish abortion referendum  #Savethe8th #SaveLives #Ireland 
Tremendous response. 623 votes and a 96% confirmation that our voters support a #Hardbrexit above @Conservatives #Brexit fudge.  
“Data-driven behaviour change”.Unbelievable! What I’d like to know is did they dovetail all of this with social media troll armies?Were they also responsible for, or working with, the troll farms that badly shut Remain voters down pre EU referendum?#CambridgeAnalytica 
Owen Smith, voted into office by just 22,103 Pontypridd voters, now assumes that his 'authority' gives him the right to use the Labour Party to reverse the country's decision to leave the EU ?#Brexit #Brexiteers @jeremycorbyn @UKLabour @Conservatives 
Our Brexit insomnia has moved from Spain to Leeds. Very excited to see everybody later in the #GreatNorthernMarch to demonstrate how much we want to #StopBrexit & #Remain. Have a good day at the rallies all around the UK. We are #WithEUinSpirit 
Brexit means thin pickings for UK food and drink suppliers  
Quite bizarre that many people passionately support Corbyn & his radical #Brexit policy of "doing nothing"Further they fully support the sacking of anyone who doesn't "do nothing" even though the time limit for "doing nothing" is being reached  
As with mine as well. I feel totally betrayed and will be cancelling my membership Monday. Getting rid of Owen was the last straw, and I will start campaigning for #Britain to #ReJoinTheEU2027 ! #Brexit #TheResistance 
My latest @OccupyDemocratsTrump's data company is collapsing under the weight of UK criminal investigationsMeanwhile, a new #CambridgeAnalytica whistleblower is emerging with damming evidence  about their role in #Brexit#TheResistance #FridayFeeling 
Brexit was the dress rehearsal  
Listen: The use and abuse of data in politics - plus May's Brexit breakthrough  
Jeremy Corbyn has sacked front bencher Owen Smith after he called for second EU referendum. @MatthewStadlen asks: Should he have been sacked for standing up for what he believes? 
I was. After Brexit, I signed up. I basically thought. OK, apparently I'm needed in UK politics, so I signed on to the left-est main party on the board. Then I let it expire because... Brexit.All he has to say is I will protect you from a bad deal by letting you vote on it. 
and he knew Jeremy's so why did he take the job then? You all stood on our manifesto & nowhere did it say we would have a 2nd referendum, a divisive, pointless and expensive waste of time 
Students who stay on campus especially those w/o cars would probably support a referendum that includes a (small) tuition fee that would fund a transportation system that will take students to stores and other places...uber starts to add up. #SouthernU_RYS18 
It's Spider-Man's Fault We Didn't Learn From Brexit 
Both Trump and Putin would love a weaker UK and EU.The British people have been played and conned into making the UK and Europe weaker and less united.Brexit is a massively UNpatriotic act played out by the likes of Steve Bannon and Putin against our own best interests. pic.twitter.com/nUF4NelsqE 
So yesteray I worried that Owen Smith might get the sack for daring to suggest peopel have a say over the final day.Today, @jeremycorbyn's action shows everyone that, where #Brexit, is concerned, he is just as much of a fanatical leaver than any fish dumper. 
Were all given an individual Vote in the referendum - we didn't vote by Party.The result across the UK was to leave. It would not be any better if there was a second referendum. If Tories remain in power how can you stop s hard brexit - needs a Labour Government for the best deal 
Plaid Cymru 'would hold Wales independence referendum'  
All these”moderates” said May was showing weakness when she didn’t sack Boris or Hammond when they had their say on what the Tory Brexit approach should be... then when Corbyn shows strength in leadership and sacks Smith they say it’s not right! #IStandWithCorbyn 
Arron Banks now denies  worked with Cambridge Analytica - he originally bragged that they had. A CA whistleblower claims that they DID work closely with  on Brexit. A contribution not declared. Illegal & highly dodgy. #StopBrexit 
Those of us who want to "take back control of our #borders, #laws, #money and #trade" are in the overwhelming majority and outnumber #Remoaners by more than 2-to-1. When will the referendum's sore losers wake up and get  over it?!  #BBC #LBC #SKY #UK @Conservatives #Conservatives 
Another disingenuous tweet from @OwenJones84 trying to connect local elections with Brexit, I forgot about the role of a local Labour councillor which is to travel to Brussels to change the outcome of EU negotiations. This guy is actually a journalist. pic.twitter.com/Derzy3fNgX 
For the first time since June 2016 I am convinced that Brexit won't happen than it will. The momentum has dramatically shifted. 
There's no such thing as a jobs Brexit...it's bullshit and we need a referendum on the deal with an option to revoke Article 50. That's my position and the position  of 80% of Members of @UKLabour. 
The #EU stops our #fishermen from fishing effectively in #UKwaters. It funds our #farmers to not produce food in #British fields so it can subsidise #Frenchfarmers using our money to sell us their food at subsidised prices. The EU is NOT working in #UK interests. We need #BREXIT!  
Very successful Public Meeting tonight!  lots of people came to listen to and ask questions of the excellent @MollyMEP about implications for us all if 'Brexit' is allowed to happen.  
Tories: “We are a complete and utter shambles: the cabinet is full of incompetent idiots; we are clueless on Brexit; the NHS is in permanent crisis mode; public services are falling apart. No party could do worse than us.”Corbyn: “Hold my marrow.”  
In or Out decision - Not for politicians to decide - Not for parliament to decide - No second referendum - Once in a generation - For your grandchildren - The decision will be respected..!  #Brexit #BBC #SKY #LBC @ConHome #Tory #UK #EU #ConservativeParty 
"I'd like you to be Shadow Secretary of State for Northern Ireland.""No probs. Brexit will be fucking awful for Northern Ireland."".......you're fired." 
Protests in #Barcelona: 13 leaders of #Catalonia independence referendum to be imprisoned up to their trials  
I always kept hoping against hope labour would go pro EU, eventually. But sacking #owenjones it is now clear. Labour ARE pro brexit 100%  
Whistleblower: Cambridge Analytica did data research for one of leading Brexit campaign groups and misled public & MPs over work it done had undertaken, according to Brittany Kaiser, Cambridge Analytica’s business development director until two weeks ago.  
Owen Smith is trying to paint himself as a man of principle but I'm not buying it. His Brexit intervention is a glaringly obvious attempt at damaging Labour's vote in the run up to the local elections!We can't have Labour doing too well now can we, not when JC is leader!  
Worth remembering on a night like tonight that there is no consistent majority support for a 2nd #EURef - and when asked, most people want the gvt to get on with it and do not trust Labour on Brexit. Unpopular but true. 
Time for moderate anti-Brexit Labour MPs to leave Corbyn’s Momentum version, assert true Labour values in the interests of all, and save our country.  
Now that Cambridge Analytica have been proved to have illegally manipulated the Brexit vote to achieve a win for the Leave Campaign, I have a question for @theresa_may and @jeremycorbyn: why are you both still supporting Brexit? 
I’ve been a labour supporter since I was 16, but I can’t do it anymore. The more control Corbyn gets, the more his pro Brexit, anti Semitism comes to the fore. We need a new party that rejects Brexit but addresses the problems that led people to vote for it. @Renew_Britain 
I’m a Labour Party member and never voted any other way. Unfortunately I’m also an unapologetic Remainer because Brexit is just utter bollocks. I want a 2nd Ref so I’ve decided to save Jeremy Corbyn the trouble of sacking me and will cancel my membership and not vote Labour. 
Owen Smith wants a second EU referendum and is sacked from the Labour shadow cabinet. Hugh Gaffney makes racist and homophobic remarks and only gets diversity training. Labour priorities, eh?  
But the current Labour leadership want to leave the single market. That is the definition of hard brexit.  
Great to see this cross party work! Now we need it across both the Commoms and party members who all know #brexit is completely wrong path for the U.K.!#exitfrombrexit#remainernow#finalsay#StopBrexit 
Either you follow Corbyn like a lemming over the hard Brexit cliff edge, or you get exiled to the back benches. Corbyn has nothing but contempt for Remainers. Remember to return the favour on May 3rd.#FBPE #ABTV#CorbynOut 
Diane Abbott Called For Second Referendum 4 Months Ago and Didn't Get Sacked  via @GuidoFawkes 
Guardian front page, Saturday 24 March 2018: Data firm ‘misled MPs’ over work for Brexit campaign  
#Jezza has finally nailed his colours to the mast. There is no ‘long game’ on #Brexit, Corbyn wants out even if most @UKLabour voters don’t.So I’ve just joined the @LibDems. #FinalSay 
Lift your gaze from Corbyn's domestic policies and consider his foreign policy stances. On NATO, Syria, Ukraine, Venezuela & Iran Corbyn has taken positions about as favourable to the Kremlin as a Labour leader could manage. The same goes for #Brexit.#StopBrexit 
If you agree with me on everything about Brexit, then you must know that the problem lies with Labour's support of Brexit, not with me simply pointing that out? 
I don't believe you give a rat's arse for the suffering of ordinary people's lives or you would be showing solidarity this near to a local election instead of running to the press complaining about ruddy BREXIT & trying to bring down your leader. 
The #Brexit referendum was secured not just on the back of a relentless lie machine but illegal harvesting of personal data by Leave-affiliated groups. Unless this merits a robust response, it will lead to elections losing any sense of legitimacy. #CambridgeAnalytica 
Thousands are protesting in Barcelona after the jailing of five more Catalan politicians. They and 20 others are being tried for “rebellion” for their roles in organizing the region’s independence referendum last year.  
If the Parliament simply votes down Brexit without giving it back to the people, there will be civil unrest. So WHEN Brexit fails Labour's 6 tests, IF they vote it down, a public vote is the only way out.So why fire Owen Smith? 
To deny the Ppl a #FinalSayForAll when the #Brexit deal is known by the Autumn, on the basis of the non-Binding opinion of only 37% of the electorate proves this is no longer about the Will of the Ppl merely the imposition of political will on the Ppl. It is not DEMOCRACY. 
What the F are you & the right of the PLP playing at AGAIN! We have local elections in 6 weeks time & you are blathering about antisemitism & BREXIt. How insulting for all the loyal members who campaign tirelessly for a Lab victory & for the people suffering undner Tory Austerity 
No. If you are for #Remain you can vote for a Remain supporting party. Membership of a CU? Whoop-de-doo. Brexit for the many? What a crock. Vote for Lib Dem, Green, SNP... and give the Brexit Cons and Brexit Labour a bloody nose. #StopBrexit 
Jeremy Corbyn knows that his party and supporters want the UK to keep its place in the EU. He's pursuing Brexit regardless.And yet, for some reason, Remainers are being blamed for splitting the Labour party!  
BBC Scotland underplaying the significance of the brexit power grab during a small low-key report about #HOOPSally M made it sound like protestors were making a fuss over nothing and things will be just fine if we just trust another parliament with a history of untrustworthiness 
Veterans Group: Govt Plotting ‘Below the Radar’ Deal Keeping UK Military Tied to EU After Brexit  
When the Labour heartlands voted overwhelming to Leave the EU, why is it that Diane Abbott calls for another Referendum on the issue? Is the whole Labour world evolving around the Federal Republic of Hackney? Whatever happened to democracy eh Diane?  
Hey, fellow Yes supporters dabbling with Corbynism, seems like asking for a second EU referendum in the Labour party gets you the sack. Wake up! Corbyn is a Brexiteer. 
I cannot vote for that and as Labour policy is to support Brexit the choice is simple. And it is a yellow choice for me. 5/5 
Today Jeremy Corbyn declared war on Remainers. On Thursday 3 May you will have the chance to send an unmistakeable message to the Brexit parties that enough is enough.  
With each step your 'Leader' takes in support of #Brexit or denial of a #FinalSayForAll on the Deal with a #Remain option, he moves further away from power. We won't forgive him for this theft of our Future in the EU. He's not interested in the real Will of the Ppl nor democracy. 
We are with you, Owen.Anyone who speaks out against the madness of Brexit is on the right side of history.Carry on speaking the truth.Carry on fighting for jobs, the NHS, an end to austerity and an end to division.Carry on fighting for Remain.#FBPE 
By sacking @OwenSmith_MP & standing against the people’s right to have the final say on what’s shaping up to be a terrible deal (which is actually Labour conference policy!), many people will see @jeremycorbyn sharing responsibility for the decade of #Brexit austerity to come  
Maryland is very close to a November referendum on same-day registration!  
BREXIT WARNING: EU threatens May ANY attempt to trade with USA will be 'UNACCEPTABLE' Don’t tell us what We Can do & Cant Do!  
Post Brexit I'll be changing my British Pissport for an Irish Passport, a Pissport costs you more in admin fees, visas time and paperwork, whilst a Passport gives you FoM and the opportunity to work or live anywhere in Europe.#FBPE 
The argument against that is: "But the People voted for Brexit".Tell me, in what UK election has the losing side ever simply adopted the policies of the winners because "that's what the people voted for"?(Especially with a less than 4% gap) The opposition is there for a reason! 
For Labour to support Brexit would be bad for Labour.If Brexit happens, and Labour voters know that Labour chose to go against their wishes, how much will we trust that Labour will represent us in future? 
Owen Smith calls for second referendum - Sacked.Corbyn's ex-girlfriend calls for second referendum, No action. @UKLabour it's not who you know it's who you sleep with. 
CONFIRMED:#CambridgeAnalytica worked for #Brexit campaign LeaveEU.CA misled the public & UK Parliament about this.#CambridgeAnalyticaFiles #CambridgeAnalytics #CambridgeAnalyticaUSA 
Anyone out there who still believes Corbyn is playing some clever long game on #Brexit & will swing behind a referendum & #Remain at the last minute? Your choice is clear: Vote Labour/Tories for a catastrophic BrexitVote @libdems for #finalsay referendum & an #ExitFromBrexit 
Disappointed that @OwenSmith_MP has been sacked. He was - and continues to be - spot on about the risks of Brexit. #BrexitShambles 
Both our main political parties risking self-immolation as they jointly take country into decline and marginalisaton. Corbyns cowardice over #Brexit as rank as Blair’s over Iraq. May in thrall to #Rees-mogg #Farage and Johnson. History will be savage. 
Jeremy Corbyn scoring the Poor Judgement Hatrick this week. First defending Putin, then limp neutrality on Cambridge Analytica and now taking the Tory Brexit line against one of his front bench and firing him. Quite an achievement. 
Many, many MPs share the views of @OwenSmith_MP. We need more of them to defy their party machines to tell the truth about Brexit. Both @Conservatives and @UKLabour 
Prioritising your allegiance to ANY political leader, over Brexit... That's the definition of short-sightedness.Prime Ministers have 5-year terms.Brexit would PERMANENTLY divert the country! 
Now in the painful position of not being able to trust @jeremycorbyn on #BrexitCan’t trust him on that so I’m questioning everything he supposedly stands forCan’t vote for someone I don’t trustI’ll back him against MSM smears and liesBut I can’t vote for him again 
'Why are you still in a job?' Diane Abbott STUNNED after BBC host's brutal Brexit question  
Follow-up on #Brexit -- #Bolton :VoteLeave was the official campaign org. Bolton was there with Hannan when the Brexit vote results came in.LeaveEU is Nigel Farage's org.H&F professed to hate each other, but they colluded. They coordinated through Cambridge Analytica. 
I'm glad @OwenSmith_MP will continue to speak out, albeit from backbenches, on concerns about #Brexit impact on the #GFA & economic impact of #Brexit.Voters within & beyond @UKLabour & most party members expect us to stop hard Brexit  
He voted against article 50, explaining exactly why in the Guardian about five months before being appointed shadow Northern Ireland secretary – his views on Brexit weren't exactly a state secret! 
I've had enough of @jeremycorbyn saying he is for the \many and not the Few. Then he blocks debate of Brexit at the party conferences and sacks Owen smith for calling for a #FinalSay #Icantstandjeremycorbyn 
OwenSmith is right about the damage #Brexit is doing to the #GoodFridayAgreement & the entire economy of these Islands.  Anyone who believes otherwise is just not looking at the facts...Jeremy Corbyn sacks Owen Smith over referendum call - BBC News  
Ironic when Owen Smith asks the same of Labour he is sacked for it.It's time you called out the political, social and economic impacts of Brexit @Keir_Starmer and stood up for your pro-European beliefs in the interests of your family and our families. 
Corbyn only did so well in the last election, which he still lost, due to anti-brexit feeling. He’s buggered now. As a 52 year old lifelong labour supporter he won’t be getting my vote. #StopBrexit 
This has nothing to do with Brexit and everything to do with Chuka sabotaging Labour's progress under Corbyn in order to position himself for the leadership.A despicable traitor to the Party and genuine socialists#OwenSmith #JC4PM 
I know they are both married, but the Brexit matchmaking service suggests to me that Jeremy and Theresa are made for each other. 
Mobile phone roaming regulations to cease for the U.K. post Brexit. I always hated those EU imposed cheap calls. I’m glad we’ve taken back control so we can pay more. 
What life for the dogs he didn’t hang? His sentence under new laws to be introduced by @michaelgove #conservatives would be 5 years, not 18 weeks. We are going to make #Brexit work for animals too  
If you are Labour Remain your home is @Renew_Britain not hard Brexit @UKLabour 
Corbyn needs to be made to realise that pursuing Brexit (and sacking vocal remainers like Owen Smith) goes against everything Corbyn stands for.If you believe in Corbyn's values, push him to change his stance. NOW. 
#IStandWithOwenSmith - he's brave & saying what needs to be said.I can't vote for @jeremycorbyn. It's not just his pro-#Brexit stance, dishonesty about #Brexit's consequences & collaboration with the #BrexitTaliban; it's also the bullying I see on Twitter by his supporters.  
Dear @jeremycorbyn, I have just cancelled my direct debit to @UKLabour because it does not reflect my views, nor views of the majority of members on #Brexit. You say you are for the many not the few, but that is wrong: you represent the few in your party on #Brexit, not the many. 
Yes, and Brexit will only squeeze our purse strings even tighter.This notion people seem to have, that things can't get worse, is really troubling. 
England obviously not allowed penalties in a post-Brexit world #NEDENG 
There is no long game Labour remainers. Jeremy ‘Brexit’ Corbyn is not for remaining, not for the single market and is not even for Labour. He is opposing his own membership. Time to give up on Labour if you want to remain. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Dianne Abbot expressed her opinion to two constituents and said she would argue her position within the Shadow Cabinet confines.Owen Smith went to the Press and stated that he wanted a Second Referendum.Abbot did not breach Collective Responsibility. Smith blatantly did.  
There's no question mark over Owen Smith's call for people to have the right to ask if Brexit remains the right choice for the country.There's a massive question mark over Labour Leadership's silence on the matter.  
What you should know about Trump's new NatSec Advisor John #Bolton.For American readers:* VoteLeave is a pro-#Brexit campaign.* VoteLeave worked with #CambridgeAnalytica.* VoteLeave is under investigation by UK's Electoral Commission for dark money & dark ads. 
So if you truly believe in Corbyn's vision for the UK, then supporting Brexit will only tie his hands!Do you think a Corbyn Government would be focusing on nationalising public services or saving the NHS?NO! They'd be dealing with Brexit, just like anyone we elect."Owen Smith" 
Do you know there's only 9 weeks until the referendum? Which means we will only have 9 more repealers take over this account! If you want to be one of them, email us on yourrepealers@gmail.com #knowyourrepealers #Repealthe8th #together4yes 
Vince, mate. Owen Smith offered a 2nd referendum in the catastrophic chicken coup of 2016, you offered it in General Election 2017, and you were both drubbed. Don't try to speak for me, #istandwithjeremycorbyn 
I keep hearing people say, "there are more important things than Brexit". In a way, they're right. There's plenty we should be getting on with. Instead government resources are fixed on Brexit. THREAD 
Corbyn is gonna take a poll hit for this. People voted Labour at the last General Election hoping to Stop/Water Down Brexit #OwenSmith #StarlinistPurge 
Brexit is a 'horizontal' issue.That means it cuts across all other policy issues (which are vertical if you follow the imagery). It affects everything from education, to the NHS, to Banking, to human rights, to social assistance. It's not something anyone can afford to ignore. 
I have voted with Labour through good times and bad 40 years, but Corbyn stance on Brexit has finally done it for me. Why vote for a party that is deliberately disarming itself of the ammunition it needs to deliver its economic agenda. I can’t even look at Corbyn now,  
Fact is: most of what Cambridge Analytica were hawking to the Trump team/Brexit campaigners was unproven dross. There’s little/no evidence that “psychographic targeting” changes minds much, let alone swings elections. Read this Wired feature for more:  
Presumably if Owen Smith is sacked for supporting a referendum on the Brexit deal, Diane Abbott will be sacked for the same, or for supporting free movement of people.Of course not, this is sheer hypocrisy from Jeremy and it happens time and again @jeremycorbyn 
.@LeaveEUOfficial You seem to have deleted a page from your website by mistake! I managed to get a screenshot just in case you wanted to reinstate it... #CambridgeAnalytica #Brexit #BrexitShambles 
Ask any Brexiter claiming that voting to leave the EU included implicit mandates regarding the Single Market, the Customs Union, EEA, EFTA, FoM, ECJ, Euratom, etc. this simple question: “Can Norway, Switzerland, or Iceland leave the EU?” I’ve had no luck so far. #Brexit  
There is a simple binary choice. A soft LAB brexit under a socialist govt OR a hard Tory Brexit with a hard austerity neoliberal Tory govt. People need to realise this is the only choice.I 100% back a Corbyn socialist LAB who would make Brexit a success. #IStandWithCorbyn 
Listening to @vincecable on Any Questions, making case for a referendum on the final Brexit deal. Stark contrast to Labour, with Diane Abbot confirming Labour are opposed. #bbcaq 
Diane Abbott Called For Second Referendum 4 Months Ago and Didn't Get Sacked:  
If your kids are eating from food banks maybe #Brexit is not top of you agenda. 
The Brexit Betrayal is real. VERY real. Only UKIP will secure a true Brexit. #ForTheNation 
What is @jeremycorbyn thinking?We all knew that "jobs first Brexit" was the ultimate oxymoron.Unfortunately, "Labour government" just trumped it.#StopBrexit 
Sadly lost a lot of voters I would imagine, including me reluctantly. I can’t support a party that backs Brexit even though they are the only real hope in stopping Brexit! For my own conscience I need to become more active to help #StopBrexit but feeling politically homeless  
I'm not keen on brexit purely because it's so complicated. However I don't want another ref. The first ref deeply split the country. Frankly we need a Corbyn led government more. #istandwithjeremycorbyn 
Just four days Jeremy Corbyn said Labour’s Brexit red line was not a single job lost. Today:  
Just got my "stay informed" email from the Home Office to prepare for Brexit if you are an EU citizen migrated to the UK. Suspect this might annoy quite a few people who know that there will not be a status quo post Brexit but a new "settled status" with lesser status.  
Still, a lesson for shadow cabinet ministers: daub your support for a referendum on the final Brexit deal in giant letters on a wall and you won’t lose your job, because Jeremy Corbyn won’t be arsed to look at it properly. 
Corbyn. Your job was simple:Take advantage of the Tory Brexit failures by promising to protect us from a bad dealNot alienate your supporters who are "overwhelmingly Remain"What have you just done by firing Owen Smith!! 
The UK has nothing to fear from Brexit, everything to gain from it. It's high time the Conservative Govt recognised this and got on with extricating us from the EU. No-one voted for a delaying Transition. And the Conservatives will haemorrhage votes if they needlessly progress it 
Jeremy Corbyn looks remarkably like someone who is keener to dish out disciplinary action to people who want to oppose the Tories on Brexit than, say, people who make anti-semitic comments. 
Brexit NOW! Even REMAINERS want Theresa May to take back control immediately  
The message is now clear to the Labour front bench. 'Oppose #brexit and you oppose me' - Corbyn. At least Labour have finally clarified their position. Now is the time for Labour moderates to find some courage and speak up. #FBPE #StopBrexit 
"They did so well in the last general election is because people lent them their votes in order to fight the very extreme kind of Brexit that Theresa May continues to peddle."  
Back in the day before we became a dictatorship on Brexit, Labour members decided this.We are now in the wholly unacceptable position where debate is blocked, dissenters are dismissed and Brexit truths are ignored. It must stop.  
This Labour leadership has lost it’s way, it’s ignoring the decisions taken at annual conference on this issue of Brexit, and it’s in danger of losing itself.  
Hang on. Diane Abbott called for a second referendum, and was writing to her constituents (in November) promising to work for one.So why wasn’t she sacked like Owen who #Corbyn sacked tonight for the same reason  
@blairmcdougall  boasted about using Data Mining Analytics to help BetterTogether win a No vote in the Scottish Independence Referendum Project fear designed in London by Tories delivered in Scotland by Unionist Labour Dirty Tricks & Lies  now getting exposed  
Arguing for a 2nd referendum - yes when most people don’t back it - is a principled position.Every political party has collective responsibility: if you join the frontbench you publicly have to sign up to the same public positions. That’s why leftist Chris Williamson was sacked 
I'm a Remainer but #IStandWithJeremyCorbyn on Brexit.   Backing Corbyn is the only way a hard Tory #Brexit can be prevented.  Tantrums and hashtags will not stop a hard Tory Brexit. 
You were sacked for calling for a 2nd referendum which is against party policy. Why lie about it?  
Sorry but although I may have some sympathy for the sentiments expressed by Owen Smith, I have no doubt what his motive is. #Russiagate opened a window of opportunity for the centrist dad wingnut division - this is about #Corbyn, not #Brexit. It's patently obvious. 
The only violence in last October's referendum came from Spanish police who beat people lining up at polling stations 
Mr @JeremyCorbyn,You just fired Owen Smith for expressing the wishes of the vast majority of Labour members AND Labour voters, who are anti-Brexit.Is that really the message you wish to send? Especially to young people? That their views aren't welcome in the Labour Party? 
1. Electoral Commission says if it erroneously advised Vote Leave it could lawfully donate to Grimes it failed to run the Referendum properly. 2. VL have at last produced that advice.3. So if the JR establishes that advice was wrong the Referendum must be improperly run.  
Worth remembering that Owen Smith backed a second Brexit referendum in 2016 leadership election and still lost to Corbyn 62-38.  
WHY FISHING MATTERS SO MUCH TO BREXIT SUCCESS – Super Telegraph View!Are you listening to the British people and your own party?@michaelgove @theresa_may @RuthDavidsonMSPPlease support FFL -  
Keir Starmer on Labour's 6 tests to support any Brexit deal.Labour would 'Vote Against' a Brexit Deal that Failed to meet its 6 Tests.Owen Smith #PCPEU #ABTV #WATON #FBPE 
Owen is right to speak out about the threat Brexit poses to the peace process in Northern Ireland and to the U.K. economy. Well done for sticking to your principles & putting the national interest first.  
Any #labour remain supporters still think Jeremy will deliver anything but a hard Brexit? He's let the tories away with murder and continues to do so #Brexit  
I'm a Remainer but #IStandWithJeremyCorbyn on Brexit because if the Left is split we are guaranteed a Tory Hard Brexit, the effect of which is too horrific to contemplate.  
The majority of Labour members want a 2nd referendum...yet Smith gets sacked for calling for one? That's a massive slap in the face for the majority. So much for party democracy. You're turning into the dictator you once despised @jeremycorbyn. #FinalSay 
Sorry to hear this as absolutely right to speak out on these issues - concerns about the Good Friday Agreement and economic impact of #Brexit are deeply felt and widely held. Pleased to hear Owen will continue to speak up for them  
The big Brexit story of the day  
Can't believe Corbyn can sack Smith for having a different opinion to him.Surely, calling for a second referendum is simply trying to gauge whether people have changed their minds or not, now more is known.If they're so confident the people still want brexit, why not prove it? 
'Labour accepts the result of the referendum' - that was what we, unambiguously, told the electorate in our manifesto last year and that's Labour's position. Owen Smith has every right to argue a different view, but not from within the shadow cabinet.  
McDonnell goes against Corbyn 3 times in a week, nothing happens.Keir Starmer and Corbyn announce multiple different Brexit positions, nothing.Rayner lies on free school meals & tuition fees, nothing.Owen Smith goes against Corbyn, sacked. I wonder what he deflected from?  
Young people, hearing that @JeremyCorbyn fired Owen Smith for supporting a People's vote on the Brexit Treaty.  
Corbyn wants Brexit. He’s always wanted Brexit. Ideally a hard Brexit. He’s not playing a clever game, he’s not being strategic, he’s not a closet Remainer biding his time.He’s just as selfish and destructive as the Tories, and he’s working hand-in-hand with them.  
Why the fuck is my party @UKLabour standing side by side with Rees-Mogg, Johnson, Farage, Fox, Gove, who are of the hard right, they don't care about us, their Brexit will destroy us, ffs Mr.Corbyn stop this, you've seen the impact reports, they'll get rich, we'll suffer ffs. 
Owen Smith ran on a second EU referendum ticket during the post-#ChickenCoup leadership election of 2016. He lost. Apparently he didn't get the message. 
There goes Jezza’s “not one job lost through Brexit” promise, then.  
I was not aware of Owen Smith's rather unremarkable article (and I follow Brexit closely) - until Corbyn sacked him.Really struggling to understand what was achieved here for the Labour leadership. I just don't see it, people.  
If you've been screwed over by government cuts to schooling, policing, the NHS, social assistance, and you voted for Brexit...Did you want the government to spend its time/resources fixing those issues, or for them to hire 80,000 civil servants to manage the Brexit negotiations? 
"In World War II we fought tooth and nail so that everyone could have freedom. Now the UK people exercised their right and the fact of the matter is that we voted to leave the EU." #Brexit  
I am now officially anti-Corbyn  I used to be a #corbyn supporter and I am still a socialist but #brexit will cause immense damage to the #UnitedKingdom and its clear that he doesn't care. #Labour #JC4PM #PCPEU #FBPE #ABTV I still agree with most of his domestic policies though. 
Can I point out Corbyn said no one would lose their job over brexit? *runs away* 
Brexit under Corbyn would be very different to a tory one. In my opinion you can't keep having referendums until you get the result you want. We need to get behind Corbyn's view of brexit and stop the tories carrying out theirs. 2nd referendum never going to happen 
If you even come close to defending naked anti-semitism while condoning the sacking of an Opposition frontbencher for opposing Brexit, you’re lost. There have been times when I’ve wondered whether the ‘cult’ tag was undeserved. Not any more. 
The passport and fishing rows expose the lies and contradictions of Brexit. My latest blog post, just up:  
BREAKING......Warrant granted by Courts for Information Commissioner to access files and computers at Cambridge Analytica..... pic.twitter.com/8olVgVItBB 
How soon they forget! Smith was beaten by Jeremy Corbyn in a leadership election in which Smith campaigned for a second referendum. He said Corbyn was unelectable then publicly admitted he was wrong. Snake in the grass or pathological attention seeker? #JC4PM 
He was Shadow Northern Ireland Secretary, you pillock. His ENTIRE BRIEF is dominated by the final Brexit deal. Is he meant to answer questions on the border with platitudes about ending austerity?  
I don't recognise the Labour party anymore. I don't understand how @jeremycorbyn can ignore the majority of Labour voters and support a Tory Brexit which will only worsen inequalities in society. 
If Owen Smith were Labour leader we could be almost certain that #Brexit would be stopped. But instead we've got Corbyn, the great big Brexity roadblock on the road out of Brexinsanity. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Its extraordinary that a shadow cabinet member -doing an excellent job in their brief - should be sacked for standing up for our principles and advocating a Brexit policy that commands the overwhelming support of our members, supporters and voters. What has happened to our party?  
Sorry to hear that you've been sacked for your view that Brexit will damage the economy a view that many of us hold  
As a shadow cabinet minister, Owen Smith has to support party policy. Whether you agree with a second referendum or not, Corbyn has shown strong leadership. And by the way, it is the National Policy Forum which ultimately decides Labour policy, not Corbyn. 
NO to a second EU Referendum.NO to capitulation to the EU.YES to a Free Trade Agreement with America.YES to a Free Trade Agreement with China.YES to a Free Trade Agreement with Japan.YES to a Free trade Agreement with Canada.YES to a Free Trade Agreement with Australia. 
Well said Owen Smith for speaking up on this Brexit shambles. Corbyn is a hypocrite.   Democracy needs dissent to operate effectively. 
Corbyn has proven by sacking Owen Smith that he is only interested in a hard Brexit no matter how destructive to those he proclaims to want to help. Also goes to show a broad church was always a fantasy and never something he wanted. 
As a former adviser to NI Sec when Labour was in government let me say clearly @OwenSmith_MP is right; Brexit *is* a threat to peace in NI because it necessitates a hard border. He was right to call for Labour to oppose it. I’m sure @tony4rochdale will reach same conclusion. 
BBC plan for last night’s Question Time:1.  Ensure the panel has usual Remoaner majority:2.  Invite audience of “young people” on assumption they will be overwhelmingly hostile to Brexit & will clap Chakrabarti to the rafters. 3.   Job done. Then this happened...  
Jeremy Corbyn's got this wrong. Badly wrong. Owen Smith was the shadow NI secretary FFS. Of course he's going to defend the GFA, & challenge the thing that risks peace there. This is madness & the end of any doubts as to his Brexit position. WTF is he thinking? 
Perhaps inevitable after his support for single market from the front bench this week. Kudos for standing up for what he knows is right #Brexit #FBPE 
Very sorry to hear that we're losing @OwenSmith_MP as Shadow Secretary of State. Owen has a great grasp of the issues affecting us here. He particularly understood the challenges of Brexit and was very supportive of sensible solutions to help us avoid a hard border. 
No respect at all for anyone still a member of the Labour Party today: you are endorsing Brexit and enabling Antisemitism. Take a look at yourself 
The country should be grateful for the courage of Owen Smith @OwenSmith_MP The public is still split on these #brexit issues. We need a #finalsay on what is shaping up to be a bad deal for Britain. #brexitreality #stopbrexit #StopBrexit2018 
Ridiculous that Owen Smith has been sacked for calling for a #FinalSay referendum.It’s completely legit. Voters SHOULD have the right to vote on the final deal the Tories get us. Britain should not have to suffer a bad deal because politicians want to force Brexit into law. 
Owen Smith was not sacked for his position on Brexit, which he was quite free to argue for in Shadow Cabinet. He was sacked for deliberately arguing against key Labour Policy in the media  
Not sure what Corbyn is trying to achieve by sacking Owen Smith for siding with the majority of Labour's supporters on #Brexit. Unless his boss PM May told him too after consulting with her far right pay masters. 
Owen Smith sacked by Jeremy Corbyn for calling for a second EU referendum.If you still believe Corbyn is a secret Remainer at this point I'm sorry but you're an idiot 
Firing Owen Smith, for speaking up for common sense is a huge mistake. Labour has just lost my vote. They’re as bad as the Conservatives on Brexit. #ExitFromBrexit, #OwenSmith, #BrexitShambles 
Sacked for wanting the public to have a say on the final Brexit  deal.  I cannot support this party any more.  
No one can say that @UKLabour is an Anti-Brexit party now. @BrexitBin well and truly vindicated, not that he wasn't before. #Brexit #ABTV 
Jeremy Corbyn sacking Owen Smith for calling for a second referendum is the last nail in his and Labour’s political coffin. We could have had a genuine social government caring for the people and seen the Tories off for a decade. You stupid bastard. 
A Canadà ho tenim clar, @CBCNews:  "The only violence in last October's referendum came from Spanish police who beat people lining up at polling stations"  
These Labour voters who reckon that somehow it's all going to end happily with Corbyn on Brexit must now face up to reality: so long as he's leader, it can't and it won't.  
I’m with you Owen. I know lots of natural Labour voters who are passionately against Corbyn’s policy on Brexit. I left the party over it and won’t be voting Labour until it changes. 
Ok that’s it. Fuck this shit. I’ve stood by and waited for Corbyn to get real about Brexit but it’s not gonna happen is it? What an absolute tosser. Will of the people my arse #FBPE #bollockstobrexit pic.twitter.com/MmWSUn200P 
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn sacks Owen Smith from shadow cabinet after he called for second EU referendum  
These continued attempts to hint at dangers to the peace process from #Brexit are despicable  
This is what happens when you want the people to have the final say over Brexit - you get sacked. Corbyn only believes in democracy if democracy suits his agenda. And his agenda is Brexit. He wants Brexit as much FarageIt’s time for the PLP to call Corbyn’s Brexititism out  
Sigh. Your weekly reminder that Jeremy Corbyn is enabling the Brexit that is paralysing Britain and robbing a whole generation of economic opportunity  
Owen Smith has been sacked as shadow Northern Ireland secretary after calling for a new EU referendum and has been replaced by Tony Lloyd with immediate effect 
Shameful! You are speaking for 80% of Labour voters. Keep speaking out against the LUNACY of Brexit 
Owen Smith sacked as Labour Shadow Northern Ireland Secretary over his call for a referendum on a Brexit deal. Trouble in Labour mill 
Just been sacked by @jeremycorbyn for my long held views on the damage #Brexit will do to the Good Friday Agreement & the economy of the entire U.K. Those views are shared by Labour members & supporters and I will continue to speak up for them, and in the interest of our country. 
Owen Smith's sacking shows Corbyn's increased political strength and his determination to reject anti-Brexit stance. 
Jeremy Corbyn once again showing that he is in lockstep with the Conservatives on Brexit - Smith's call here is entirely sensible.  
Labour’s position is extremely clear - the meaningful vote will be in Parliament and NOT via another divisive and ill-thought out 2nd referendum.Saying these comments, despite knowing shadow cabinet collective responsibility, has been divisive. 
Oppose Brexit = Sacked from the Labour front-bench.  Support anti-Semitic mural. Become Labour leader. 
Break: Corbyn fires Owen Smith as Shadow Northern Ireland Sec over his second EU referendum call. Labour's Brexit splits are worsening fast. 
BREAKING: Jeremy Corbyn sacks Owen Smith after calls for second Brexit referendum 
Whistleblower claims #CambridgeAnalytica worked closely with Brexit campaign groupBrittany Kaiser, the firm’s business development director until 2 weeks ago, claimed she had worked closely with Leave:EU in the run up 2 the poll#FBPE 
Some Corbynists say Corbyn can't do anything to stop #Brexit. By that logic Labour MPs might as well not sit in Parliament and the PLP should dissolve itself because Labour has no power to oppose a government hanging by a DUP thread and threatened with defections.#StopBrexit 
BREAKING: Owen Smith is being sacked by Jeremy Corbyn after calling for a vote on final Brexit deal. He will be replaced by Tony Lloyd. 
Nine Catalan politicians are now in prison without trial, including the former Speaker of the Parliament Carme Forcadell, for allowing a referendum on independence.Europe. 2018. 
Alberta has a law against imposing a provincial sales tax without a referendum (Taxpayer Protection Act). Yesterday, the NDP finally admitted their 67% carbon tax hike is just going to general revenue. No different than a sales tax. Albertans did not vote for this. #ableg #UCP 
Cambridge Analytica conducted data research for one of the leading Brexit campaign groups and then misled the public and MPs over the work the company had undertaken, according to a former employee who has spoken to the Guardian.  
What happened to #Catalonia’s rebels after that referendum? The jailed, exiled & persecuted independence leaders  
The UK farming union leaders in Northern Ireland today discussing Brexit and future UK domestic agriculture policy  
Looking forward to my visit to Barking next week! Very keen to hear people's thoughts on Brexit and Europe. Sign up here if you're free 7pm on Tuesday:  
REVEALED: Whistleblower claims #CambridgeAnalytica  did undeclared work for #Brexit campaign  
Uk printing contributes more value to the economy than any other sector of U.K. manufacturing and massively more than Fishing. It has been hugely damaged by material price rises due to Brexit inflation. 
Whistleblower claims Cambridge Analytica worked closely with Brexit campaign group 
In anticipation of a post-Brexit power grab from Westminster, activists encircle the Scottish Parliament in a symbolic gesture #HOOP 
#Labour should ask if #Brexit is the right decision, not just push for a softer version, and allow people a vote on the deal, says @OwenSmith_MP 
#CambridgeAnalytica misled MPs over work for , says ex-directorThis looks like the smoking gun and that there was voter manipulation during the referendum#StopBrexit 
The UK will be worse off in every situation after #Brexit. The EU will not give us a better deal outside the EU than the ‘bespoke’ deal which we have as a member. The Government must grasp this fact.  
Viewed from Ireland - #Brexit is a bit like seeing your neighbour standing naked in front of his house, screaming at the bins.  
#Brexit Chuka Umunna stop going on  &  everyday talking bollocks. Your turning into the most annoying person in . This is what 17 million voted leave think of you. Give up boring us all to death.        
#EUsupergirl on @DeutscheWelle "The #EU is about Love, Peace, & Tolerance and these are values that we should celebrate. #Brexit is a national outrage that is going to blight our country's economy, society and culture for generations & it MUST BE STOPPED." 
What's most likely to bring down this Tory government? Please RT for wider sample. #Novichok #NerveAgent #SalisburyIncident #CambridgeAnalytics #Brexit #Tories 
****************Announcement****************As of today, the number of job losses due to Brexit has passed 100,000.Please see  for full details. Follow for regular updates.Please RT and share. People don't realise how bad it is.Let's #StopBrexit. 
A No Deal Brexit wildly in UK favour!        #fo2eu 
#UK :  Indeed, the poll finds those who agreed with getting on with Brexit outweighed those who disagreed across all ages, classes, regions and political parties:   Details.....                #fo2eu 
From Today's Times obit of Sir Paul Jenkins (Solicitor to the Treasury):A few days before he died he tweeted: “I’m advised against Tweeting whilst slurping morphine but, as you may already realise, I think TM is useless, ditto Corbyn and Brexit stinks.” 
No matter what the social media companies tell you, the Internet Research Agency was VERY active in promoting #Brexit. Half the companies don't even have the 1st clue about what the Russians were up to on their networks.  
BOOM! Cambridge Analytica misled MPs over work for LeaveEU, says ex-director, Brittany Kaiser. That basically means Brexit is tainted like Trump.  
Only 22% of Britons Want to Stop Brexit  
Terrific quote from Lt. General Jonathon Riley who has said the Brexit transition period is akin to "standing still in setting concrete" -- I much regret he is correct. . 
'We have been hijacked': fishermen feel used over Brexit  
Fishy Facts: Three things about the UK fishing industry that Mr Farage would rather you didn't know - by me.#fishing #brexit #EU  via @wordpressdotcom 
watched depressing footage of moronic Ingerlund fans in Amsterdam and realised that, no matter what happens post-Brexit, single market or not, this country will still be exporting to Europe in large numbers. Large numbers of jingoistic, ignorant, socially inadequate cretins... 
The EU on border controls after Brexit:"Divergence in external tariffs and internal rules, as well as absence of common institutions and a shared legal system, necessitates checks and controls to uphold the integrity of the EU Single Market."#FBPE#ABTV 
Until I began researching this I hadn't realised that the EU is way behind @michaelgove's thinking on farm subsidies. If Gove's as good as his word, Brexit could have a real silver lining for British wildlife.  
No Brexit bust: How could so many great minds get it so wrong? It is a case study of unconscious bias in forecasts. attn: @mattwridley, @johnosullivanNR  via @WSJ 
INCOMING - "Brittany Kaiser, Cambridge Analytica’s business development director until two weeks ago, said the work with LeaveEU involved analysis of data provided by UKIP" 
Will Brexit be a (blue) passport to "Global Britain"? No - there are good reasons politicians don't trust themselves with trade policy. Me in @IndyVoices 
The BDS referendum at Trinity College saw the highest student turnout in years. BDS won the support of 1287 students, representing 64.5% of the total poll of 2050.  
A UKIP computer filled with membership lists was carried into Cambridge Analytica's office before the Brexit campaign. The scientist who analysed that data was the *same* Cambridge Analytica employee who led data crunching for the Donald Trump campaign. 
For any progress to be made in #Brexit negotiations, @theresa_may must move beyond vague and unrealistic aspirations and come up with some serious proposals. Cherry-picking will not work in negotiations and she must stop relying on meaningless soundbites. 
RT if you think our new blue passports should be made in Britain after Brexit!  
EU demands access to UK fishing grounds after Brexit:  
MUST-READ: Former Vote Leave campaign director Dominic Cummings issues a comprehensive rebuttal to claims that there was a "global conspiracy" behind the Brexit vote  
Final #EU Negotiating Guidelines confirm that #Brexit is “all pain for no gain” - my take in @ScotGov Press comment just issued 
British fish are set to get state-of-the-art protection after Brexit.Following the week of fishy protests, the Ministry of Defence has unveiled its new gunboat fleet: ready for any threat of Cod WarRead more:  
Sixteen Million Rising - the UK's First & Only Monthly, Grassroots Anti Brexit & Pro-European Radio Show & Podcast - in association with Britain for Europe - would like to wish all those marching for COMMON SENSE, REASON and DECENCY this weekend, the VERY BEST of EVERYTHING!    
Leanne says Wales will decide its own future and pledges Plaid to proposing enabling legislation to give the people of Wales their say on the final Brexit deal. No more well-behaved, docile, compliant Wales - but a confident country charting its own course.  
For those of you who don't understand the fuss over blue passports: they came into use in 1920 and that's where the UK is heading after #brexit. 
Anti-Brexit Group Wins Challenge Against ‘Vote Leave’ Spending  
Tomorrow I will be on @StAlbans4Europe (a branch of @euromove) market stall in #StAlbans again. Come and talk us about how you think #Brexit negotiations are going and people having a say on the deal. Young people should know they deserve a choice @YEM_UK @OFOCBrexit 
“I will not let this country sleepwalk into a future which involves even more London rule” @LeanneWood outlines why Wales must have a say on the final #Brexit deal #Plaid18 
There’s a further issue here with last-minute replacements which can literally launch a young artist’s career. Often these occur with only 24-48 hours notice and thus will be impossible for British musicians post-Brexit.  
The company at the heart of the Facebook scandal boasted of having “vast amounts of data” that could sway the 2016 referendum on membership of the European Union.  
Good news, Lord William Wallace will be attending the Great Northern Stop Brexit March in Leeds this Saturday! Come along and join us, and send the government a clear message: #StopBrexit 
Inside the secret plot to reverse Brexit  
In the United Kingdom who is sovereign right now?P.S. There is one right answer now & there will be another right answer after 29 March 2019 if Brexit is allowed to happen.So support @A50Challenge #A50Challenge 
'The prime minister’s attempt to cushion the blow only reveals how damaging Brexit will be. It’s up to remainers to call it out.'"We need to go in hard on how Brexit will mean a loss of power and a loss of pride." 
and this tells us all we need to know about the referendum and why they are desperate to try and keep us in the EU farce  
In the 2nd phase of #Brexit negotiations we need to prioritise interests of people affected by cancer.  We’ve partnered with 18 cancer charities to write an open letter to the Government calling for continued access to trials, research and treatment  
"In practice, the transition phase will allow to delay[sic] all the negative consequences of Brexit by another 21 months," said Donald Tusk, European Council president.  Sadly the consequences of Brexit are already being felt.   
And while I focus on it because it’s my beat, acting like the 2016 election in the US and Brexit were solely about Facebook or Cambridge Analytica won’t help either. Here’s my piece from March 2016 when people thought Trump was a fleeting flash-in-the pan.  
Hello world. The uk media such as @BBCScotlandNews @BBCNews @STVNews @SkyNews etc are ignoring this protest against the Brexit power grab of Scotland's powers and the fear that Tories will undermine the Scotland Act. Please get this out there. HANDS OFF OUR PARLIAMENT#HOOP 
Brexit foretold - our 1999 result - 56% said too many immigrants - 91% of the traditional poor vs 11% of the liberal intellectuals a - a HUGE DIFFERENCE  
Politico: Gone are days when officials in Brussels were secretly hoping U.K. would reverse course. Now, nearly a year after the start of talks, even some of Britain’s closest allies on the Continent, like Netherlands and Luxembourg, are eager for Brexit to be over and done with. 
'We have been hijacked': fishermen feel used over Brexit'As the reality of leaving the EU takes shape, UK fishermen are bleak about their industry’s future'Bloody fishermen. They don't appreciate the self-serving publicity stunts of Rees-Mogg & Farage. 
A referendum on the deal with ALL FACTS and enfranchising ALL THOSE IMPACTED is a burning necessity. This is a referendum to update what the country wants now that all is much clearer about what Brexit really means. 
Retweeting this given all the recent news on NRA ising Cambridge Analytica and Brexit being hacked by Cambridge Analytica.  
Fishing may be a small part of Britain's economy. But fishing is vital to our island nation's very makeup. In the negotiations, British Fishing must not be sold out in exchange for anything else, however more lucrative. #Brexit  
Blue passports were meant to be a symbol of post-Brexit Britain. They're coming — but they'll be coming from France.  
i think people should understand especially Remainers that Anna Soubry believes in a Britain where austerity trolls the streets and blights the lives of the poor, vulnerable and struggling middle class.  She is no liberal and no friend to remain-she is what helped cause #brexit  
Yet again Labour cannot be trusted on #Brexit as they are prepared to ignore the will of the people. Playing with fire as Northern working class communities and marginals will show at next GE. 
They want to make you believe Brexit happened because Facebook&Twitter shenanigans by spooky foreign powers made u vote that way. That's how contemptible Guardian loving elites in Islington & beyond think of you. Your worth is of a level of something they scraped off their shoe! 
I hate that working class people from my background are being so blatantly conned by rich Hedgefunders and that's all Brexit is a massive con to dis-empower and further impoverish the poor #StopBrexit 
Many airlines are opting to pick an EU destination, such as Brussels instead of UK airports, as #Brexit uncertainty over aviation in the UK continues to rise. This will negatively affect the growth of long-haul flights out of regional airports, such as Birmingham and Manchester. 
Totally awesome contribution from another excellent young #bbcqt audience member.  She rightly slams the “vicious” reaction to Brexit. She then nails it:  we fought “tooth & nail” for freedom in WW2 & the U.K. people have exercised that freedom to leave the EU.  
Those of us who want to "take back control of our borders, laws, money and trade" are in the overwhelming majority and outnumber Remoaners by more than 2-to-1. When will the referendum's sore losers wake up and get over it?!Support us at  
It's been 21 months since the Brexit vote and we haven't come up with even a hint of a viable solution. I'm sure all the fish-obsessed brain-idiots will solve it in another two, if they have time between photograph opportunities of them flushing hake down a fucking toilet.  
“We don’t want a jobs-first Brexit, we want a democracy-first Brexit.”Watch this brilliant young Brexit voter stand up for democracy on Question Time:  
.@JunckerEU on March #EUCO results: on #trade we shall defend our interests through dialogue but with determination; on #Brexit important steps forward, our work continues; important Summit with #Turkey in Varna on Monday. 
So another Labour shadow minister Owen Smith calls for 2nd referendum on Brexit. Thought Labour were going to honour result 
Brexit’s progress is defying the doom-mongers’ predictions  
See this is the problem with this whole story. Except for @carolecadwalla and a few small new orgs or individuals like @openDemocracy @Byline_Media @J_amesp and Adam and Peter - no one has BOTHERED to investigate the covert political campaigning behind the #Brexit vote  
"The will of the people is the will of the government and vice versa." This is the Tory Governments's core political doctrine - It was expounded by Goebbels in 1933. Theresa May and the #Brexit press are repeatedly resorting to this fascist formula.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
And now the BBC's notion of balance is starting to head towards actually supporting Brexit, by seeking to undermine the clear fact that Young people HATE Brexit #BBCqt 
EU Council President Tusk re Brexit: “Leaders will assess in June if the Irish question has been solved” 
Great scoop by @petergeoghegan and @AdamRamsay "A major shareholder in the company that created #CambridgeAnalytics Analytica is directly connected to a senior pro-#Brexit Northern Irish unionist... himself linked to some of Vladimir Putin’s associates"  
Awww how sweet... & spoken like the true anti-democrat he isLet’s hope the EU tell them both of them to sling their hook. Enough of these bully-boys#ThankEUGoodbye #SelmayrGate #Brexit 
Silly headline aside, this is a nice explainer. Everything hangs on grassroot efforts over the next few months - we need all hands to the deck. What are YOU doing to help?#FBPE #FinalSay #Brexit #Voteonthedeal #FinalSayForAll 
What connects Cambridge Anaytica, Russia, and the DUP's secret Brexit donation? Today we have one answer:  #BrexitDarkMoney 
Some people have asked me where does that -2,5% of last recession came from in 2008, from the office of national statistics government figure, so now if you remember how it was minus - 2,5% and how long it took to recover, so imagine minus -8% with brexit  
BREXIT WARNING: EU threatens May ANY attempt to trade with USA will be 'UNACCEPTABLE' The EU is frightened that Trump will not extend his tariffs to include the UK. If the USA wish to trade with the UK then get on with it. We are leaving the bloody EU.   
Labour is panicking that their support for hard Brexit will be exposed by Renew standing in Wandsworth.  
I have noticed in my discussions with the British that even Remainers are now starting to say “well if they treat us like that we better hit the road and go”. #Brexit @MichelBarnier @guyverhofstadt @SkyNews @Esther_de_Lange 
Fact remains Russia’s disinformation dwarfed the combined leave campaigns during Brexit.  
So French are going to produce our post-Brexit Blue passport! The lunatics  are now in charge of the asylum. If it’s really £50m cheaper I doubt it then go with UK bid anyway: that’s under a quid each for every Brit. 80p a head to deliver so symbolic a message? You bet. 
You've heard of the #CambridgeAnalytics scandal, right?&You've heard of the secret dodgy #DUP financing #Brexit scandal, also?Well, it looks like these two scandals are about to publicly collide.....(h/t @PeterKGeoghegan) 
Labour are panicking about @Renew_Britain standing in Wandsworth. If they didn’t stand for the hard left and hard Brexit they would not have a problem. Time to represent the 75% remain voting & politically homeless Wandsworth residents. Pls Rt. 
Is there a link between Cambridge Analytica and the DUP’s secret Brexit donors? | openDemocracy  
Here’s our chance to show May and her pals what we think about Brexit! I’ll be there, will you? #GreatNorthernMarch #StopBrexit @LeedsEurope @ct4europe 
Unless there is a new deal for the people of Britain and the right wing press is muzzled a second referendum will do more harm than good. #owensmith 
Will Hutton and Andrew Adonis speaking  in Oxford this morning. We can, we must, we will stop Brexit!  @OxfordStays @Andrew_Adonis @OpenBritThame 
EU Council Brexit Phase 2 Guidelines:We'll keep the fishUK will get a Canada style dealThere will be frictionThanks for the BanksNI remains in the SM & CU orIt's a hard Brexit, thanks for the money and it was nice knowing you.Remember, it's what you voted for. #FBPE 
Theresa May today:"I believe it is in the best interest of both the UK and the EU that we get a deal that actually is in the interests of both."After 21 months, this is the level of debate we have reached. STOP THE BREXIT MADNESS NOW.#StopBrexit#ABTV#FBPE 
Gina Miller says: to avoid a chaotic Brexit vote @LibDem at the local elections”. at close of @LDBusEntNet #ExitFromBrexit conference @thatginamiller 
Highlights from the EU Council's guidelines to a post Brexit relationship with the EU."The European Council [..] reiterates that nothing is agreed until everything is agreed." 
Senior Labour frontbencher @OwenSmith_MP calls for Labour to keep an open mind on offering the British people the final say once the full costs and details of Brexit are known   
Furious Scottish fisherman warns that ministers will “never be forgiven” if they allow the EU to remain in control of UK waters after Brexit:  #Brexit 
Owen Smith calls for referendum on final Brexit deal.If Owen Smith were Labour leader #Brexit would almost certainly be scrapped. Instead we have Corbyn making life easier for the Tory Brextremists.#StopBrexit #FBPE #ABTV 
Pretty pathetic that @BBCScotlandNews @STVNews @heraldscotland @scotsman @Daily_Record are completely ignoring the large scale Hands Off Our Parliament #HOOP grassroots protest currently happening at Holyrood.  #Omerta #Brexit #ContinuityBill 
Massive round of applause for @JolyonMaugham.Another win on the path  re the Electoral Commission case.I especially liked the line about the case being heard before any referendum on #FinalSayDO support the Good Law Project if you possibly can.  Best value legal investment. 
Shadow Brexit Secretary @Keir_Starmer will be joining @Peston this Sunday.Don’t forget to tune in at 0958 on @ITV (and remember the clocks go forward).  
Brexit Ultras: the only group on earth in which all of them are going through painful divorces and none of them have broken their VL  
As a Labour Party member I had an email asking me to campaign for @UKLabour with shadow Brexit minister @Keir_Starmer on Saturday. However, I will be on #GreatNorthernMarch protesting against the looming economic disaster #Brexit - so should he. #StopBrexitSaveBritain #Labour 
Brexit backers urge May to keep ‘no deal’ plans on table fearing soft Brexit coup  
No you're not! It's all lies. The best deal is #Remain & you know it. We've seen your own analysis that #Brexit leaves 99% of us poorer.You have no mandate for this. You promised us sunlit uplands, the exact same benefits as now - even that we'd be better off. Lies, all of it.  
The case will be listed for a full hearing no later than mid-July, in advance of any referendum on the final deal. It's also likely to focus attention again on Vote Leave, the DUP, etc's spending w/obscure Canadian IT outfit AggregateIQ 
No, you have not won, dear Leavers: all of us have lost. Brexit is a lose/lose situation for all apart from the tax evading, hedge fund betting, disaster capitalists in the Tory government & their ultra rich backers. That's why it's such a tragedy. #FinalSayForAll #BrexitReality 
On Brexit, Sinn Fein's @MaryLouMcDonald says "you had your vote...Ireland cannot be the collateral damage in all of this" #bbcdp 
I went to a meeting led by an accountant on businesses preparing for Brexit.Every single SME present was already being adversely affected.ALL thought Brexit would make it worse.ALL said the uncertainty meant good planning & costing was detrimental. Supply chain move to EU27  
Great to see another Labour MP calling for a #FinalSay on #Brexit. Thank you @GeraintDaviesMP  
91% of Lib Dem members want a referendum on the final Brexit deal... It’s why I joined a political party for the first time the age 42....#finalsay8 things you didn't know about Lib Dem members  via @LibDems 
I will never vote for a Brexit supporting party. I have huge respect for many Lab rebel MPs but your Brexit stance is damaging our country, reputation, society + NHS and hurting its people. 
The European Commissioners:UnelectedUnaccountableUnacceptableViva Brexit!  
Hope I am following the latest Stop Brexit narrative Basically a load of old people were hypnotised because of their prolific Facebook use and went down to the ballot box to screw young people over who were so passionate about staying in the EU that most of them didn't even vote 
Can we all just be really clear on something?Nobody (sensible) in the Remain camp is trying to just stop Brexit.We want the People to stop Brexit by voting it down.If the people vote down Brexit, THAT will be the will of the people. 
Kind reminder for all international Catalonia watchers.The Spanish justice is charging Catalan politicians with rebellion: a fake crime that requires violence (that didn't exist) and is condemned with 15 to 25 years in jail.What they actually did was to organise a referendum.  
Brexit was a vote for British nationalism sold with the solution of globalism. The two motivations are totally incompatible !! 
On the same day that Owen Smith calls for a second referendum, leading Labour MEP Seb Dance tells Labour MPs to "do the right thing" and oppose Brexit  
Forget the #Brexit guidelines... there's a new @DExEUgov staff organogram!  
The Abolition of 2016 Act1. The year 2016 shall be and is hereby abolished.2. The votes for Brexit and Trump shall be null.3. All the famous people who died that year and are missed shall be and are hereby resurrected.4. Normality shall be returned in 2017 and thereafter. 
Leading Labour MEP @SebDance calls on Jeremy Corbyn to take a much tougher stance against Brexit  
Fantastic to see Owen Smith back Lib Dems referendum on final deal policy. Maybe, just maybe Corbyn won't dismiss him. #FinalSay #ExitFromBrexit #StopBrexitNow 
Poll for BBC Wales on Brexit attitudes and voting.The poll, carried out by ICM , found 49% thought Brexit would have a negative impact with 24% thinking positive.#FBPE 
"In WWII, we fought tooth and nail so everyone can have freedom. Now, the #UK people exercised their right and the fact of the matter is that  we voted to #leave the #EU." #BBCQT  #BBC #LBC #SKY #BREXIT #TORY @ConHome #Labour #Libdems #EU #UKIP #Tories 
Steve Bullock says people were mis-sold brexit... he does think there is a chance #brexit could be halted but there has to be rapid acceleration in public opinion for that to be the case.#StopBrexit #FBPE @adamboultonSKY @GuitarMoog 
Young #Brexiteer! "We know what we voted for. We voted to leave the #CustomsUnion, we voted to leave the #SingleMarket, we voted to take #backcontrol. We wanted democracy back!"   #BBC #LBC #SKY #UK #BREXIT #TORY @ConHome #Labour #Libdems #EU #UKIP 
Does Owen Smith not care about unity?As a Shadow Cabinet minister his words will have a big impact - he is no longer a backbencher.A 2nd referendum position would significantly weaken our negotiating power.  
May's transition deal is a miserable step on the road to a tail-between-our-legs Brexit. Pro-Europeans need to attack this Brexit for selling the whole country, not just fishing, down the river. My column for @guardian 
Can anyone explain why #CambridgeAnalytica is not trending?FORGET DATA PROTECTION ISSUESCA HAD HIJACKED OUR DEMOCRACY!BREXIT WAS A COUP!!HMG IS COMPLICIT BY BLOCKING ANY ENQUIRY INTO IT!!!PLEASE RT AND GET THIS TRENDING  
Corbyn only believes in democracy when it is going his way. He doesn’t want a second referendum on the final deal for one simple reason - he wants Brexit as much as Farage. #StopBrexit 
Looking forward to being in #Exeter tomorrow for the @Devon4Europe rally with @BenPBradshaw, @juliegirling, @MollyMEP and others. Come and join us! #Brexit #FinalSay  
Richard Reed at “Brexit minus 365” says EU has been awesome at driving future of humanity:1) Guaranteeing peace2) Driving global climate action3) Taking on tech giants4) Putting labour before capitalBrexit UK starts to undermine those starting from the last. 
Our fishing waters must be protected after Brexit! 
I had a dream last night where Maybot & Co. were praying for a legal ruling that meant #Brexit had to be abandoned - so they could stop it but say "it's not us - it's the law!"...@JolyonMaugham @A50Challenge 
Upbeat talk by @williamnhutton and Lord Adonis at the Sheldonian on the continuing fight against Brexit - and these guys were continuing the message outside:  
Interesting analysis showing  more support for remain than leave and a steady trend of an increase in those thinking that #Brexit is a mistake. Also, interesting to see that those who didn’t vote in the referendum would mainly vote to remain now.  
Legal challenge on whether Vote Leave circumvented referendum spending limits will get a court hearing  
I don’t read @TheSun often but I agree with their stance on passport-gate. Brexit Britain must continue to be defenders of free trade over protectionism just for the sake of it.  
Richard Reed says he did a poll of 400 entrepreneurs... and 97% said Brexit was bad for them.Investment is being pulled and talent is harder to attract. [at @techspaceco “Brexit minus 365” conference]  
On this week's cover: Editorial — #Brexit and the #NHS @UKandEU 
#Brexit Chuka Umunna flash git, Mr smug still out doing rounds trying to derail Brexit. He never bloody stops the idiot. The man who bottled it when he had his chance to become Labour leader. Anyone listening to Remoaner bore Chuka answer no one. Go away you bore were leaving EU  
For many months a large majority have believed that #Brexit is not being done right. But what many are incapable of grasping is that a project based on lies and delusions cannot be done right, no matter who tries to carry it out.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
A new poll has found an overwhelming majority are in favour of getting on with Brexit  
Sir! I salute you. Takes guts and determination to say that on the BBC.I'm proud that our future will be in good hands with you.Viva Brexit 
The danger of the proposed ‘Deep and Special Partnership’ is that it puts us neck-deep in EU defence diktats after Brexit.The two parts ministers unwisely want to keep actually necessitate all the others.UK in all of them and even joined several in 2017. All developing at pace.  
Farewell to The White House.I will continue to be involved with our diaspora. Mary Lou will do a good job engaging with them.Without doubt Irish America will help to secure & win a referendum on Irish unity. Speed the day.  
Here's my nice cheery column about angry Brexit people  
Get on with Brexit deal! say British people: 57% agree ‘government should get on with implementing the result of the referendum to take Britain out of the EU and in doing so take back control of our borders, laws, money and trade’. Just 22% disagree  
Here with @igabara at “Brexit minus 365” conference ... discussing EU citizens in UK.  
Labour's @SebDance on standing up against Brexit: "MPs are elected to lead. If we don't, we'll end up in a situation where whatever Farage, The Daily Mail and The Daily Express says will become the UK's direction of travel."  
So we're supposed to believe that #CambridgeAnalytica wasn't involved in the Leave campaign during the Brexit referendum? This little jewel that  deleted from their website indicates otherwise!  #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Interesting on Questiontime last night, young people were standing up for Brexit, from both white and ethnic backgrounds. 
“The chattering-class obsession with Cambridge Analytica sums up their contempt for voters. They really think ‘rednecks’ in the US or poor people in Stoke went on Facebook, saw a meme, and thought ‘I must vote Trump or Brexit’. It’s such an elitist view.”Brendan O’Neill on Sky  
I gave an honest look and felt the most long-term solution would be to remove the largest threat to open-mindedness that is on your list. Trump/Brexit are not nearly as threatening when pitted against the No.2 religion in the world responsible for centuries of oppression. (1/2) 
Here’s a piece I wrote for the Guardian on #Brexit  
TBH ... A kick up the arse sounds better than the deal that Theresa May has 'Negotiated'.#SoftBrexit is a reversal of the EU Referendum Result.  
Vanity Mayor @SadiqKhan needs to remember that more people in London voted for Brexit than voted for Sadiq Kahn. Stop the national and international self-serving posturing and do something, anything, to improve the actual lives of Londoners. 
Just wanna make sure I’m up to date on the Russia poisoning story:1. Establishment demonises Russia over Brexit/Trump for years2. Russia irrationally decides to poison someone in Britain ahead of EU summit, World Cup, and elections3. EU shows “solidarity” with Britain4. ??? 
Thank you for standing up and speaking out on this matter Molly @MollyMEP , I wish more MPs would do the same and question not only the legitimacy of the Brexit vote but the lunacy of it as well. Brexit is clearly not the will of the people but of those who manipulated their will  
Richard Steer talking about construction industry & drying-up of talent because of Brexit...Google searches from Romania looking for UK construction jobs has dropped by 35% over the last 6 months.[@techspaceco conference: “Brexit minus 365”]  
On 6 March, a case @GoodLawProject brought with @MollyMEP to apply political and legal pressure on Treasury and DExEU to release the secret Brexit studies was dismissed by the High Court. We announced our intention to appeal and, days later, the material was released. /3 
This is the Scottish Tory MP who admits she didn’t vote in the Brexit referendum because she thought the decision “too difficult.”  
On 7 February, I case I funded personally, that could enable 60 million UK citizens to retain their EU citizenship after Brexit, was referred to the Court of Justice . /2 
Even after Brexit, the U.K. will rely on Europe to print its passports 
57% agree that “the government should get on with implementing the result of the referendum to take Britain out of the EU and in doing so take back control of our borders, laws, money and trade”  
There will be anti- #Brexit rallies across the country tomorrow:  
Great to see agreement between the UK and EU27 on the #Brexit implementation period. This positive step towards an orderly #Brexit is in everyone’s interests, including the USA! 
1/ European Council guidelines for the next phase of #Brexit negotiations have been published. This thread outlines any significant ways in which they differ from the drafts published on 7th March. 
Pleased that EU leaders have welcomed agreement on the Implementation Period. Much progress on #Brexit made this week. I’ll be on @MarrShow this weekend to talk about the details and what’s left to do. #RoadtoBrexit 
If the EU believe the Brexit transition deal is good then it must be bad for the UK.Theresa May has caved in in all fronts. She's the EU favourite, that is for sure. 
RIP Barry Stanton, 1881-2018. May he have all the Carlings in heaven. St. Peter voted for Brexit.  
A small step towards #finalsay referendum as @OwenSmith_MP joins his colleagues @ChukaUmunna @ChrisLeslieMP & @BenPBradshaw in calling for oneIf only Labour had a leadership acting in the interests of the many, not the few, & campaigning for an #ExitFromBrexit like @LibDems are 
The remaining EU27 have just released their guidelines for a post Brexit relationship. Point 4 is the whole damn shit show of a nightmare of a bollocks up in a nut shell. pic.twitter.com/285F5jJuZh 
At Techspace (@techspaceco) “Brexit minus 365” conference. Chair of session asks audience for show of hands from those who think Brexit is positive or neutral to their business. No hands go up.  
Britain's new, blue, post-EU passports are set to be made by a Paris-based firm, reports say, in what leading Brexit supporters called a "national humiliation"  
New Poll Shows Overwhelming Majority Want to Get On With Brexit - Guido Fawkes  
Vince Cable says that scientists are the exemplar community of civil society getting involved in the #Brexit debate. [at Techspace (@techspaceco) conference]  
Post Brexit future relationship EU27 guidelines... just agreed, just released... for Barnier to negotiate with Davis...  
Watch OFOC!'s @lara_spirit interview The Times' Matthew Parris ! He's a great commentator who sees the Brexit situation as clearly as anyone! PLEASE SHARE!  
After #EURef they expected #Remain to hush up & accept result. We didn't. We won't. If #Brexit happens, Remain becomes "Rejoin", UK stays divided & fight continues. I see no end to #BrexitShambles. #Tories tore this country apart. Remember that on 3rd May.#ABTV#WATON 
My letter in @Independent questioning the legitimacy of the #Brexit vote#CambridgeAnalytica 
Yes. Finland is also according to its constitution indivisible without parliaments decision. However every municipality could, according to law, hold referendum about anything. Should some areas wish after referendum to be independent, then we discuss and negotiate. #catalonia 
Our fishing industry has been completed betrayed by the #Brexit transition deal! Fishing is the "acid test" of Brexit! We want to take back control of our fishing waters NOW!   
The EU referendum took place against a particular geopolitical landscape. To look at the global tectonic plates shifting since, to look at USA and Russia, and persist in claiming it is undemocratic for voters to even be given the opportunity to revisit that decision, is perverse. 
Our father, who art in Cavan, Caledon be thy name; thy Killeter come, thy will be Down, in Strabane as it is in Lifford. Give us this day our Derry bread and forgive us Dundalk, as we forgive those who Dundalk against us, and lead us not in Brexit but deliver us from Davis, Amen 
Where do we go from here: battle the legislation in parliament, push for a final say on the deal, and mobilise and campaign against Brexit. @vincecable #Brexitminus365 #exitfromBrexit 
The government’s dead-end Brexit nicely laid bare by @OwenSmith_MP today. It’s a brave piece by a frontbencher, but this is exactly the time for bravery 
This is what the left and establishment are terrified of. The reality of a major section of the under 25 demographic fuelling the resurgent patriotic movement:'Grandma WAS right!' Young #Brexit eer on #BBCQT BLASTS claims under 25s wanted to REMAIN in EU 
Watch young #bbcqt audience member flatten the patronising Remoaner twaddle about “young people” & Brexit.Fantastic stuff. Clearly slipped through the BBC vetting process!  
With all the latest revelations about manipulation, further facts emerging and comments from leaders of many countries, if there was a referendum today asking if you want to remain in the EU or leave EU, which would you choose? 
The Dutch PM, Mark Rutte, following a meeting with @vincecable , makes it clear the EU27 would welcome the UK changing its mind on #Brexit We need to secure that #Finalsay referendum so we can #ExitFromBrexit 
So after seeing on here someone tweeting about Wales fans singing Brexit chants on the flight to China I decided to check if it was true with my cousin who was on the exact same flight. Yeah it’s a load of bollocks.  
We have the RIGHT to stop Brexit.  It's the RIGHT thing to do. We can encourage courage in our elected MPs to take back control by doing the RIGHT thing. Take action today. Do the RIGHT STUFF #StopBrexit2018 @acgrayling @RemainingKind @TheNewEuropean @IanDunt 
“#Labour should ask if #Brexit is the right decision, not just push for a softer version” via @guardianBrexit (and not questioning its efficacy ) is the reason that the Party isn't miles ahead of the dire #Tories in the polls.#IrishBorder#Lexit 
Ah Brexit. Also known as ‘The undefined being negotiated by the unprepared in order to get the unspecified for the uninformed.’ #r4today 
Young person makes an intelligent point about the positive potential of Brexit#SNP remainer warns him of the threat to his drunken trips around Europe engaging wiv da youf innit? #Brexit #qt #youngconservatives 
Vince Cable at Techspace (@techspaceco) kicking off a conference of Brexit impact on UK businesses.UK tech community very concerned about access to talent, investment & frameworks of collaboration.  
.@vincecable Brexit is sucking the life out of parliament. We are unable to focus on other crucial domestic issues like health, education and the environment #Brexitminus365 
Decision: EU27 has adopted guidelines for the future EU-UK relations after #Brexit 
The govt's back-up Brexit plan is against international law & would make trade deals impossible. Apart from that, v.reassuring  
A short thread on how we got to this stage of Brexit. It's not pretty. There is huffing & puffing, & a house is being blown down.  
Bob Moran on new post-Brexit passports to be made in France, current manufacturer says - political cartoon gallery in Putney  
We arrive here today, with our elected representatives  knowing they are leading us into a poorer, less secure future, with our reputation much diminished. We have arrived here today by a referendum that solved nothing & leaders who huffed, puffed & blew our own house down. /10 
From the lack of government reaction to the #CambridgeAnalyticaUncovered revelations one has to deduce unseen and profound corruption within the government and our judiciary. The only reason for this behaviour is to oversee a huge miscarriage of justice in relation to #Brexit 
Bloomberg describes the anti-Brexit campaign as a ‘plot,’ describes Chuka Umunna as a ‘slick’ politician, and Remainer groups as a ‘ragtag’ collection. No prizes for guessing its take on the matter. But it’s right about one thing: STOPPING BREXIT WILL WIN!  
Leave campaign was masterminded by Cambridge Analytica. This was clearly stated on the  website in November 2015.They have deleted this now, but here is the information.We were cynically manipulated.The referendum result unsafe.  
Owen Smith on Labour Front Bench suggesting a 2nd EUref on Brexit, against Labour policy. What do we reckon? Which one do you smell? A centrist Coup or a centrist attempt to sabotage good local elections results? Or both. No poll, think we know the answers  
The ‘plot’? It is an open, transparent campaign to STOP BREXIT. But great to see confirmation that the anti-Brexit drive is making such headway!  
NO BREGRETS: New Poll Shows Overwhelming Majority Want to Get On With Brexit  
We arrived here by ruthlessly exploiting the insecurity of EU nationals, & leaving British nationals in the EU with no certainty of where they stood. We did this by allowing promises made in the referendum to be forgotten. Papered over. That was then and is is now. /8 
Did Ruth Davidson know EU fishing rules would continue to apply after Brexit despite saying they wouldn’t? 
Passionate young Leeds guy tells #BBCQT panel, young people know what they voted for with #Brexit & is sick of the lies, that all young people wanted to Remain, this is not the case where he is from (22/03/2018)  
Fantastic to see @OwenSmith_MP say 'Soft Brexit is not enough' and Labour must give the country a #FinalSay. Huge moment to have a senior member of the Shadow Cabinet commit to this. Please support Owen and share widely. Brexit is not inevitable.  
Get out to an anti-Brexit march or rally this weekend.As well as the #GreatNorthernMarch in Leeds and the #marchforeurope in Edinburgh, there are rallies in Exeter, Ipswich, Isle of White, Lincoln, Maidenhead, Newcastle, Oxford, Pontypridd & Sussex. 
And more from @OwenSmith_MP in @guardian: "We have the right to keep asking if Brexit remains the right choice for the country. And to ask, too, that the country has a vote on whether to accept the terms, and true costs of that choice, once they are clear." 
"You can't have free trade without free movement of people" reports #BBCWorldService as 27 African states meet in Kigali to sign a deal for Continental Free Trade Area (just as UK makes grave error of leaving European Union).#LBC #R4Today #Brexit #CFTA 
Excellent intervention by Owen Smith. Even if we lost a second referendum, at least people would know what they were voting for. If Labour wanted to be an effective opposition, they'd make it party policy. Instead, Corbyn will probably sack Smith. 
The bizarre victimhood identity of the side that won the referendum. The date is drawn, the cliff edge knocked back by a couple of years - & still the complaints roll in thick & fast - without a concrete & plausible contribution.  
Mrs May is looking for ‘a new dynamic’ in the next stage of the Brexit negotiations. I wasn’t aware there was an old dynamic. 
About time May and the Brexit cabal were likewise brought to court - for criminal folly and corruption of our democracy.  
Shadow cabinet minister Owen Smith breaks ranks with Labour policy to advocate staying in the Single Market and having another referendum on Brexit:  
I had some conversations yesterday that made it utterly clear that #Corbyn is going through with Brexit. If you, like me, held a hope that he was playing a long game we were mistaken. Thought required. #PCPEU #FBPE 
There are so many reasons why Brexit must be stopped - every week piles on more reasons. To the folly of it & dishonesty of it & harm of it we now see yet more corruption and illegality added. The fight against it gets fiercer with every new revelation. 
It’s Friday.And May now calling for ‘energy and ambition’ and ‘a new dynamic’ in #Brexit talks.Yes, @theresa_may, ram it into reverse with energy and ambition. You know it’s best for the country.#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Blue #passport fiasco tells us everything we need to know about @Conservatives commitment to #FreeTrade after #Brexit. #GlobalMarkets Britain is a fraud. Lasts only until first serious test. 
Well said @OwenSmith_MP. It’s becoming increasingly clear that the Brexit people were promised cannot be delivered: where’s £350m for NHS, “exact same benefits”, or answer to the Ireland Q? The public should have a vote on the final Brexit deal.  
Good to see @OwenSmith_MP make the case for the British people to have a say on the outcome of #Brexit negotiations. If the proposal isn’t what the public want, they have the right to say no. Labour should give people this option.  
Serious questions need to be asked about what effect CA had on Brexit.  
The gvts. negotiating stance on #Brexit lacks realism. We’re so far away from the EU with our cherry-picking approach. We need a strong leader who won’t be dominated by a right-wing elitist clique looking to turn the UK into a low regulation economy, only for the rich. 
Name me ONE benefit of Brexit and I'll stop moaning. Until then, I'll keep moaning and fighting to #StopBrexit. I thank you! 
So Scotland was "dragged" out of the EU and because there has been a "material change" we must have an independence referendum.However if the SNP don't like a new fishing deal we wouldn't rejoin!  
If posed the question at the end of #Brexit negotiations on trade, would you prefer a #SoftBrexit or crash out with a #HardBrexit ? 
Much as I like to see our Brexit MPs get a bashing, this is garbage. Contracts must be open to competition under EU & WTO rules. We win some, we lose some. DM knows that but chooses to lie. No wonder people dislike the EU when fed distortion like this for 40 years. #FinalSay 
Labour should ask if Brexit is the right decision, not just push for a softer version | Owen Smith  
WATCH: 'Young People Voted For Brexit Too' #bbcqt  
A silly story. The country voted for #Brexit because they wanted a global Britain competing on the world stage, not because they want us to rig procurement rules in British companies favour. As long as they all competed fairly, this isn’t an issue. 
Blue passports were meant to be a symbol of post-Brexit Britain. They're coming  — but they'll be coming from France.  
The Daily Mail had a Brexit passport meltdown – the only 9 responses you need #dailymail #brexit #passports 
Good morning. Updated running order of today’s #EUCO: 9hEUCO on trade (EU28 with PM May) Then EUCO on #Brexit (EU27) Then Euro SummitFollowed by a press conference on yesterday and today’s discussions by @eucopresident and @JunckerEU. 
Owen Smith calls for public poll on final Brexit deal  Former challenger for Labour leadership, Owen Smith challenges leadership with call for final say for the public. 
Is this the same man advising people to move their money out of the UK before Brexit? We simply cannot believe or trust anything these Brexiteers say! #StopBrexit 
The #CambridgeAnalytica involvement in the #BrexitShambles needs answers & @MollyMEP, who leads on Brexit for @TheGreenParty has written an excellent demanding letter to the Electoral Commission. 
What some Leavers will dread is that when someone trumpets "blue passports" as an emblem of Brexit, some wisecracker will say, "yes, as made by the French".Their symbolic quick-win cruelly pulled away. 
In one sense Dan is correct, this is exactly what Brexit is going to do, ship British jobs abroad. It is part of Brexit economic strategy to “eliminate British manufacturing” The good people of the North East are beginning to see that truth.  
A few things:1. Staying in the Single Mkt+CU is the only way to avoid a hard border in Ireland.2. Transition is no safe harbour - it just delays jumping off a cliff.3. Trade talks are only starting now with just a year to go.For all these reasons, Brexit is a total mess. 
Now might be a good time to remind our PM and her Tory headbangers of Churchill’s rules on what they are there for. They should be protecting their country, not their jobs, party or face saving.  #Brexit is madness and can be stopped.#ExitFromBrexit @LibDems 
Why is QT still going on about Brexit if it was a story about muslims abusing girls or migrants killing Brits It would have swept under the carpet after a couple of weeks. The country voted to leave the EU end of move on BBC nothing to see  
“Labour should ask if Brexit is the right decision, not just push for a softer version” | full text of @OwenSmith_MP’s excellent @Guardian piece this morning 
Are you marching against Brexit this weekend? A full list of events taking place across the country can be found here.  
I don't give a fig where its made.Just so long as it doesn't say 'European Union' on it.And I , for one, will be renewing mine early in April 2019.I hope they're prepared for a rush.Viva Brexit!  
Inside the secret plot to reverse Brexit  
Leaders will start arriving at summit shortly - today trade and Brexit - remember the PM stayed after all rather than heading back to UK - meetings start at 9am - transition deal to be rubber stamped by summit later so next phase of Brexit talks can officially (and finally) begin 
Philip Hammond, Theresa May & the Tories have entirely failed the UK. Yrs of austerity policies have stripped money & services from the poor. The experiment has failed, UK plc is now failing. Growth has fallen off the cliff & Brexit hasn't even started yet. #ToryShambles #r4today 
.@OwenSmith_MP: “Labour needs to do more than just back a soft Brexit or guarantee a soft border in Ireland....we have the right to ask if Brexit remains the right choice for the country. And to ask, too, that the country has a vote on whether to accept the terms and true costs” 
We knew Brexit was rotten due to tax evasion, Cambridge Analytica confirmed manipulation but the refusal to give the information commissioner a warrant is naked Treason.We're no longer a country but a cabal run by a bunch of self interested rich guys.How is this stopped?  
Owen Smith calls for public poll on final Brexit deal  
#FBPE #FinalSayForAllI've been in hospital for a few days. It got me thinking why would anyone want to be a nurse. Certainly not for the money or the hours. I do know you have to be a very special kind of person. A good person.The best. The type that don't like Brexit Britain. 
John Bolton: Supported Independence Referendum, will be US National Security Adviser@AmbJohnBolton #TwitterKurds 
The rise and fall(?) of Facebook!? @paulbrislen's @ITP_nz Techblog wades into the morass of the #CambridgeAnalytica revelations and their likely long-term impact on the social media giant and beyond  #cartoon #Brexit #FacebookDataBreach 
Theresa May and her government are so trustworthy:- Brexit perverted- Conservatives detained & deported- Comedians convicted - Blasphemy laws enacted (Allah is gay) - Rape, murder, stabbings and acid attacks up- Freedom of speech severely threatened- Citizens intimidated  
Petition: Stop the Common Fisheries Policy being adopted into UK law post-Brexit.  
For all the "let's help California secede" talk, @RealWayneRoot has yet to donate to the cause at  - soon collecting signatures to qualify our independence referendum. Help us, like you call on your followers to do! Send them this link, and we'll get out! 
Britain's new, blue post-"Brexit" passport may be made by a European company, and some detractors are seeing red  
Supreme Court president voices concerns over Brexit bill wording  
“I think it’s time for the Kurdish people in Iraq to give a voice to their aspirations,” @AmbJohnBolton stated before the Sep. 25 independence referendum. He will replace Gen. H.R. McMaster as #WHNSA, starting on April 9. #TwitterKurds #SupportKurdistan  
The appointment of @AmbJohnBolton as National Security Adviser is good news for the UK and Brexit. A staunch supporter of the Special Relationship and an ardent Eurosceptic, Bolton is a firm believer that Britain is better off outside the EU. 
Unbelievable development right under our noses. Thus government is not serious on Brexit.  
Interesting article about Brexit and the Norway option by @simonjenkins4 #efta #brexit  
Before winning special elections #VoteDalletApril3 for state Supreme Court + vote NO on Treasurer referendum. #VoteBlueWI #DalletOnTheBallot #VoteApril3rd 
The UK voting public were subjected to the most biased campaign of scaremongering ever seen from all in authority & aided by a biased media, but still voted for #BrexitYou have either a very short memory, or a neck of brass.  
I travelled extensively around the EU for 5 years precisely because it was so easy. America was a pain in the arse to get into. Anywhere that needed special visas it was touch and go whether we’d get them in time. British music+musicians will suffer massively from Brexit. Fact. 
House of Commons ethics committee to call Christopher Wylie with regard to Facebook / Cambridge Analytica data misappropriation.Too bad that the US Congress doesn’t have a similarly curious counterpart.#Brexit#TrumpRussia#CambridgeAnalytica 
'Grandma WAS right!' Young Brexiteer on QT BLASTS claims under 25's wanted to REMAIN in EU  #EU #Brexit #bbcqt 
UK minister urges regulators to reassure banks on Brexit transition  
#bbcqt Producer: the young still hate Brexit & the older generation seems to listen to that new guy @Femi_SorryBBCQT team: OK let's invite only young people who voted BexitProducer: will be difficult to find enough to fill studioBBCQT: no worries, we'll place the questions 
And you have chosen Brexit which will bring Austerity plus plus plus Mr Corbyn @jeremycorbyn. Austerity for the many, not the few. 
Cambridge Analytica adamantly denied working on #Brexit, but that's because they worked on Brexit through their subsidiary, AggregateIQ.  
Truly shocking. It would be naive to believe similar tactics weren’t used by vote leave during the referendum  
Tonight’s Question Time must have disappointed the BBC. Its audience—all under thirty—demonstrated unexpectedly robust support for Brexit. 
What on earth is Michael Portillo talking about? He must be deaf or completely out of touch, saying people are talking *less* about a further referendum? It's gaining momentum, dude! #bbctw #Brexit 
These were not questions to ask after the polls had closed on this referendum. You're supposed to be smarter than us. You have nature documentaries narrated by Sir David Attenborough. We import those same documentaries and have them narrated by Oprah and Sigourney Weaver. WTF? /3 
The @LibDems offer hope to people who believe in progressive politics, who oppose #Brexit & who want a good local councillor. Another tip top result.  
Earlier tonight I heard the divorce referendum was passed by 9,114 votes - one for every ballot box in the country. We can't afford to get complacent, check the register, get your RFA2 form, and get out and vote #Together4Yes #repealthe8th 
Man, I sure have pissed off a lot of stupid American voters off tonight. But I'm not gonna stop there. I think I'm also gonna insult all the Brits who voted 'yea' on Brexit and then googled "What is Brexit?" the following day. /1 
The War of the Worlds prank radio broadcast terrified people as they thought it was real. I've heard people laugh about that many times. Maybe one day we can laugh at the social media manipulation of voters for Trump and Brexit. But for now it's an attack on democracy. #bbctw 
First day of spring #euco has finished. Next stop: #Brexit #euco tomorrow at 9h. Good night. 
I am considering dumping some fish fingers into the River Aire on Saturday in protest at the total fustercluck that is Brexit, or should I maybe go with fish cakes? Would an artisan tuna baguette be a bit too OTT? 
I'm still trying to get Andrew Neil sacked for tailoring questions & video clips dishonestly to help Hard Brexit. It's as bigger future BBC scandal as turning a blind eye to Jimmy Savile's behaviour for years.  
That would be John Bolton, whose super PAC boasts Robert Mercer as its largest donor ($5m  since 2013), and has paid Cambridge Analytica more than $1.1 million since 2014 for “research” and “survey research." As you were.....#CambridgeAnalyticaUncovered 
We knew what we voted for when we voted #BrexitWe voted to leave the #SingleMarket #CustomsUnion the jurisdiction of the ECJ, and take back control of our fishing grounds.We voted to take back control.RT if you agree.#Brexit #Conservatives #bbcqt #bbcdp #PMQs 
.@StewartMcDonald believes Brexit is a mistake and says that young people must have the option to vote again on the UK's EU membership in the future #bbcqt 
#bbcqt audience are a credit to there age group. the future looks good for an independant post #brexit Britain.  
More to the point what hand did George Soros have in the referendum? Best for Britain founded by Gina Miller has received £400,000 from him. I take it your happy with that because he wants brexit stopped.You'd know all about under hand tactics with your chum Chuka.  
Riding through the City today, thinking, not of the bankers relocating to #Paris; #Dublin; #Frankfurt-but of the local office staff; shops; drivers; markets; small businesses etc.  depending on their custom. Who will be  left behind.#Brexitpic.twitter.com/sMT40fZ9hf 
He’s bang on. Lots of young people I know also voted Brexit. Not sure why the media says ‘all young people voted Remain’ #bbcqt 
The Irish are allowed to vote in our elections & referendums. They should come over in their millions and vote for anti-Brexit parties. I’m completely serious: they have a voice: they should use it. ABTV Anti-Brexit Tactical Voting in the May elections.  
Extraordinary that the under 30 audience on @bbcquestiontime seem so rampantly pro Brexit. Statistically most unrepresentative. #bbcqt 
We are committed to getting the best Brexit deal for people, delivering control of our money, borders and laws, while building a new, deep and special economic and security relationship with the EU. #bbcqt 
BBCQT audience member welcomes Brexit saying we will be able to set our own tariffs and therefore goods will be cheaper. She doesn't seem to appreciate that other countries will be setting tariffs too and goods will cost more. 
"Why don't we stop moaning and seize upon the opportunities of Brexit?"Because they don't exist. We were lied to.Sorry.#bbcqt 
This member of the audience says that all of his friends, all under-25, voted for Brexit and is tired of people saying that young people didn't vote for it #bbcqt 
God I love those #bbcqt audience members who throw over expectations & challenge panel. That young Brexit voter was tremendous: passionate, articulate & clear about what he & mates voted for. I was cheering. Inevitably, with no irony & less modesty, Shami told him she knew better 
This young guy has bypassed the BBC filters, telling the nation him & all his pals voted for #Brexit.Give him love, he's the lad tonight. #bbcqt 
BREXIT PAINS: UK household bills have jumped by £2.6bn since Brexit vote /#EU #Brexit  
Brexiter outrage over a French company being commissioned to make the British blue passport. Hang on, wasn’t Brexit Britain was going to be open for business with the rest of the world?British blue passports: Made in France - get over it. 
So we have a British PM seeking support from the EU27 with regard to Russian aggression whilst undertaking an insane #Brexit breakup which will leave us very alone & with less influence at the heart of a progressive Europe, unlikely to regain the close pre-EU networks it had. 
"Who's to say that young people didn't vote for Brexit?"The facts.#bbcqt 
Britain after Brexit #bbcqt 
#Brexit is the Will of the People!Hitler gave a bogus democratic legitimacy to his seizure of power through referendums. Now the government says it will not revoke Article 50 even if instructed by Parliament. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Hm... @chrisinsilico says he's been working w/Guardian AND Authorities in UK 4 months. Makes me think there's a Brexit shoe dropping - &, considering Lukoil, maybe a former MI6 character involved.Then, McMaster. That DO NOT CONGRATULATE thing might be a flare 2 our allies.  
So Brexit is nearly dead, freedom of speech is nearly dead, freedom of thought is nearly dead, our culture is nearly dead, and white indigenous people are second class citizens before the law. Feeling fairly depressed right now.  
In June 2016 we had the luxury of Barack Obama in the White House. Millions of people felt they could take a risk with #Brexit. No more. This is the most nationalist and dangerous US administration imaginable. There could not be a worse time to leave the EU.  
Boris Johnson is analogous of the UK's post-brexit position in the world. A man with an over-inflated ego, obviously completely out of his depth, relying on the bluster and pomposity of a bygone age to intimidate 'inferior' countries. The British people should be mortified  
I'm told the Netherlands has a law that a referendum must be held on a given topic if 300k citizens sign a petition. That's what happened here. The govt dislikes the petition law - viewing the referendums as undermining its agenda - & may try to repeal it. 
The debate was 'Should Brexit be stopped' +15% swing.  Brexiteers have no substance or details to explain how Brexit Britain work.  Good to be on panel with @ChukaUmunna 
Vince Cable HUMILIATED: Eight EU PMs deny backing second Brexit vote - despite Lib Dem claim  
On the #bluepassports saga, remember:- we don’t need #brexit for them to be blue - the government could have kept production at home, not abroad, within EU rules, as France does. See:  
When I write an op-ed, I don't say what is obvious to any intelligent person. So I don't say in every piece that Brexit is a foolish decision that will damage the UK and its partners. I take that as read.  
I look at these 2 headlines from @hendopolis and despair at the delusional thinking that has brought us to this Brexit-going-it-alone lunacy when what we really need is teamwork and international cooperation.  
Nigel Farage gets put in his place by @guyverhofstadt and Guy says I hope this clip goes out on the BBC. Sorry Guy, the BBC aren't allowed to broadcast anything truthful or critical (same difference) about Farage, that's a big reason why Brexit happened.#NotThe10pmNews 
Brexit has》No Logic》No Benefit》No Majority》No Dividend》No Consensus》No FutureIt's an》Attempted Coup》Far Right Wet Dream》Far Left Mirage》Tax Avoidance Rip Off》Geopolitical JokeSupported by》Racists》Xenophobes》Billionaires》Millionaires 》Fools#FBPE 
The Social Justice Movement calls for a Referendum for Reparations of R 1 million per person for the injustices of Apartheid and Colonialism.#ReparationsVote #Reparations to #EndPoverty #Referendum#ANC #DA #EFF #BLF #Peace #Justice #RET #RETNow #SJM 
Boris Johnson had undeclared meeting with Alexander Nix of Cambridge Analytica in December 2016 to "learn about, and improve links with, Team Trump".Nice to know these Etonian professional liars are always ready to give each other a helping hand. #Brexit  
Farage has had 25 years to formulate the precise details of what Brexit should look like, how it would work and how it would benefit the country. A quarter of a century and yet, when the time has come, he's just chucking fish in a river. 
Fucking Brexit; ruins everything.  
A great start to #TogetherForYes campaign today. Enormous thanks to @BrennanGaye @gerryheed for their outstanding bravery and reminding everyone today what this referendum is about.  
#StopBrexit marches this weekend Good luck to everyone going, thanks so much for your time and support.Thanks to everyone who can’t  make it too who continues to fight against Brexit.Hashtag to tweet Saturday #GreatNorthernMarch let’s see if it can trend all day  
Peter Brookes on new post-Brexit passports to be made in France, current manufacturer says - political cartoon gallery in Putney  
Brexit is actually starting to bite. I am speaking with more and more customers that have now seen through the lies and are becoming angry that their personal lives will be affected adversely by leaving the EU. 
Yes Norway better than any alternative #Brexit. But worse than remaining member. Ruletaker not maker. As big member our influence far more than Norway's would be.  Only way forward is #FinalSayForAll referendum with remain option  
Utterly farcical government manages to turn non-issue of colour of UK passports into a material disbenefit to the UK economy by deciding that post-Brexit the jobs created by passport production will go to the EU  
WATCH: Mayor Khan Mocks Marking Brexit Day in London, Rather ‘Celebrate UKIP Abolished’   
Another five recent EU Commission papers on the impact of Brexit in specific areas, including cross-border broadcasting -  
Sensible grown-ups: Corbyn is a sleazy, racist, terrorist-loving traitor who personally engineered Brexit & his supporters are a thick-as-pigshit antisemitic cult.Corbynites: Oh do fuck off.Sensible grown-ups: AND SEE! They get abusive at the first hint of critique & satire! 
Eight EU Prime Ministers back second Brexit referendum call  
The Netherlands just held a referendum on new law proposing expanded surveillance measures & the public voted narrowly to reject it. Result non-binding, but still a very interesting situation that is going to cause the govt there a big headache.  
"The rally will also feature music from Madeleina Kay, an English writer, activist and musician known as #EUSuperGirl because she appears dressed in costume as part of a statement that the UK needs a super hero to save it from #Brexit."Yep, it sure does! 
#BREAKING The New USU referendum passes with a YES  
BREXIT THREAT: Brussels tells May UK has THREE MONTHS to solve Irish issue  much longer is MAY going to sit there with the Eu leaders DICTATING  and THREATENING THE UK. For god sake woman grow some balls and give them  ULTIMATUMS. WE ARE WALKING AWAY 
#BREAKING - @Fresno_State students vote YES on referendum to build a new student union on campus. University statement:  
The #BBC are allowing a pro-#EU and anti-#Brexit organisation to harass audience members on their way into the BBC Question Time venue for this evening's episode. It reminds me of the way the far left attacked #UKIP supporters going into meetings.#BBCQT 
20 years from now the claims in zeitgeist books about people "losing faith in democracy" will look ridiculous -an alarmist post-Trump, post-Brexit reaction from thinkers/scholars who misinterpret data for political ends. Support for democracy is strong, robust and widespread 
I don't see the problem.. little England wants to trade (WTO) with as many independent countries as possible after #Brexit ...they'll just have to BUY our stuff instead of taking it. 
Enjoyed the #iq2debate tonight on whether to #StopBrexit - we saw a 15% swing to stay in the EU and reform from within!  Big support for a people's vote on the #Brexit deal  
The Cambridge Analytica scandal means the Brexit referendum should be void | The New European  
“The transition period does not simply delay the negative consequences of Brexit – it amplifies them”New blog post in light of this week’s agreement on transition:tl;dr -  pretty grim re. Ireland, trade, and no-one has thought of all the consequences 
The following is a perfect expression of the government's political stance on #Brexit: "The nation and the government in Germany are one thing. The will of the people is the will of the government and vice versa."- From a speech by Goebbels in 1933. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
If losing Ireland’s invisible border is the price of Brexit then MPs must reject the final Brexit deal. They must do so without, contrary to some suggestions, the votes of Sinn Fein MPs. Their presence in Westminster would not help. My @theipaper column: 
May has allowed herself to be boxed into a soft Brexit corner. EU will refuse to accept anything other than a hard border in Ireland so as to force us to stay in the single market and customs union. 
Stop the UK passport betrayal. Join the @unitetheunion and @DailyMirror campaign to keep making blue British passports in Britain after Brexit: 
.Who's surprised?Brexit Britain has isolated itself.. 
EU referendum result may not be legitimate due to Facebook data scandal, warns MEP 
"The Transparent Referendum Initiative, a group of tech activists, says that the paid Facebook posts which were a feature of the Brexit and Trump campaigns have now begun to show up...More such cyber-shenanigans are surely to be expected." 
I’ve just had enough of #Brexit #Trump #corbyn #russia #CambridgeAnalytica #russians #tories #theresamay #nigelfarage #deadfish #england #greed #selfishness #corruption #allofit 
Turns out those blue Brexit passports will be made in France – our 13 favourite responses  
Good news for Croatian citizens in the UK.UK government lifting current restrictions on Croatian citizens in the UK in June 2018. Just in time for them to qualify for Settled Status post Brexit in the same way as other EU citizens.  
80 of Morgan Stanley's staff are understood to be relocating from Britain to Paris after Brexit  pic.twitter.com/r2omBIbJL4 
62% voted ‘for’ the Stop #Brexit motion BEFORE the debate. @intelligence2 #iq2debate. @ChukaUmunna @thatginamiller @IsabelOakeshott @DrGerardLyons @bbcnickrobinson 
"We need to reboot, and in ways that make the use of the ballot box in our country legal, clean and reliable. The EU referendum was infected by the opposite of those things: it cannot be allowed to stand."  
"The referendum result set in motion a complex array of political machinations that can feel hopelessly abstract, but one very simple outcome is this: Nearly 5 million people living in democracies across Europe were suddenly unsure of their rights." says @YasmeenSerhan 
At what point do Leavers in Brexit Britain sit up and realise they have not been given the immigration reform that they asked for. 
BREXIT: Nick Clegg - Brexiters wanted to 'take back control' but now we risk losing Ireland / #EU #Brexit #Ireland 
It's been a month since we left the UK. All the Brexit-induced anxiety, worry and uncertainty have (mostly) vanished. Life in Southern Spain comes with its own challenges, but a weight has been lifted off our shoulders. 
Hahaha! Spin your Brexit bollocks, Dan!  
I like Jeremy Corbyn + I vote labour. I don’t think press attacks on him are all true. I don’t think Brexit is his fault. I’ll still take the piss out of him when he does something stupid. He has a lot of competition in this regard. Not sure I’ve mentioned him since the train. 
Most Brexiteers shd be upset and angry cos they’re not being delivered the Brexit they wanted, admits @thatginamiller.We know. And we are. 
It looks like we will see the return of the Blue Passport Post-Brexit. But, the government looks set to award the contract for the new blue passports to a Franco-Dutch company.UKIP says the British passport should be made in Britain!#ForTheNation 
True: nobody - except the Barclays, Murdoch and a few hedge fund managers - is getting what they want out of Brexit.  
Of course, the company awarded the contract to produce the new #Brexit passports are being bought by a company 25% owned by the French Government. *sigh* 
Have to say @jonsnowC4 rocks! BBC have been left in @Channel4News wake over Cambridge Analytica/Facebook and the #brexitshambles 
Sleepwet referendum #cartoon #Referendum  
I think it is wrong that only MPs are going to get a say on the #Brexit deal. The people must have a vote too #iq2debate 
Anger as EU chief Tusk accused of NOT protecting British citizens' rights in Brexit deal  
Unemployment is at historic lows, so why are Remainers still casting a cloud over Brexit?  
I know it's usually Farage, The Bus, Russia, old people, poor people, uneducated people, racists, foreign billionaires, rich tax avoiders, the fascist Daily Mail and the bias BBC that caused #Brexit but this time it's definitely Cambridge Analytica. 
I took my son to Tesco yesterday, he saw that the price of cheese strings had gone up and said 'Papa, is that because grocery prices have increased 3.4% in the last quarter because of Brexit driven inflation?'He's 2 years old. 
#c4news 4 days and still no warrant. Doesn't take a genius to work out that the Government has a vested interest in making sure nothing is discovered about it's relationship with Cambridge Analytica and the #brexit referendum 
A British company packed full of Tories is involved in interfering in elections across the world from Nigeria Kenya to St.Kitts+incl Trumps victory in the US and Brexit??!! Never mind Facebook, interfering in Elections globally is an international scandal  
So the Dutch P.Minister has joined other leaders, like Macron in France, to say to the UK, it’s ok to change your mind, you will be welcome if you do. So there is the political will in the EU to #stopbrexit - so leave voters, if #brexit is not what you thought, be a #RemainerNow 
We do not want or need a deep & special partnership on defence with the EU. We have NATO. Didn’t the MOD & FCO civil servants get the memo about the outcome of the Brexit Referendum?  
Vince Cable HUMILIATED: Eight EU PMs deny backing second Brexit vote despite Lib Dem claim  
Many people are asking "What is Cambridge Analytica?" when they should be asking "What is it called now? ... after they have shredded everything, emptied the building and moved their assets beyond the reach of English Law?"and"Did they void the Referendum?" 
Superb timing.As PM goes to Brussels to build a post-Brexit security coalition, Defence Sec Williams unveils new gunboats to keep the EU from touching our fish #codwars 
Lt-General Jonathon Riley and other veterans warn of a defence GIVEAWAY in the draft Brexit agreement.‘This absolutely must be stopped.’Full story: 
Why do people assume that the government really wants to combat Russia's hybrid war? Given that it is frantically pushing ahead with #Brexit, which grants Putin a huge victory in that war, it seems questionable to assume that it seriously wants to resist Putin.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Ireland, Gibraltar, Dover and the hard walls of reality will prevent any Brexit deal being finalised. Brexit is dead. It just hasn't stopped twitching yet. 
"You couldn't make this up" New post-Brexit passports for Brits set to be made in France  
.An interesting paragraph begins with the words...."If I were the writer of a thriller television series about the EU referendum I would portray a Boris Johnson-like character as......." . by @acgrayling in @theneweuropean 
When the Tories promised a ‘red, white and blue Brexit’ she should been clearer that she meant France! #passport 
Listening to @BBCr4today this morning it was sometimes like #Brexit wasn't even happening! Unfortunately it is, and the BBC has a responsibility to report it. 
The Tory establishment is getting rattled as the Cambridge Analytica story rumbles ever closer to them and their precious Brexit. 
Matt on new post-Brexit passports to be made in France, current manufacturer says - political cartoon gallery in Putney  
#EUsuperheroes no.30 is Nicholas Hatton @NicholasHatton"Nicolas is the heart and face of @The3Million , which despite not actively working to reverse Brexit, has relentlessly fought for the rights of EU nationals living in the UK"Nominate your hero: 
We campaigned for a debate, we won a debate. The truth is out: Brexit is a major impact on the NHS. Much love to our friends @MoreUnitedUK& @PaulWilliamsMP 
Scotland do you want 2nd vote on final  #Brexit deal  for UK (could be same result)  orskip for  UK and go for #inderef2 
If you vote to save the 8th because you don't like repealers, then you're using your vote spitefully and being petty about a serious issue. You'll forget who annoyed you but the impact of the referendum will stay around #repealthe8th 
 It's our 5th Birthday Week 2016. The Year of Brexit, Tim Peake...and these freakin' lovely human beings!Check out our 2016-17 Cast; featuring @kjhippensteel, @BrahSears, @asmeretyemane and @StephenAshfield  #BOMis5 
We are here in #Leeds to welcome the @bbcquestiontime audience to our fine city, just 48 hours before we take to the streets to demand a final say on #Brexit! #GreatNorthernMarch 
Daily Mail readers just found out ‘Blue Brexit Passports’ will be made by FOREIGNERS – the comments are simply mind-blowing  
No Britain didn’t choose to pool sovereignty. Our political elite class did.In 1975 we were promised ‘just a common market’ and no lose of sovereignty. We then experienced a 45years coup d’etat of our sovereignty!No referenda on EU treaties: why; we’d vote NO!#NoNoNo #Brexit  
Great to be interviewed by @SODEMAction outside of parliament earlier today about why I left the @Conservatives & joined the @LibDems due to their fixation with a hard #brexit, lurch to the right & complete disregard to the overwhelming support for a vote on the final deal.  
BREAKING - Franco-Dutch company Gemalto confirms that UK citizens will be able to choose between two different designs when applying for their new post-Brexit passports.#FBPE 
Remoaners can bleat all they like about Cambridge Analytica, the Leave Bus etc. But the fact is that the most disgraceful, misleading, biased document ever produced before a referendum was this one published in support of Remain in May 2016.  
I’m not worried about Brexit.  This country can do it. Look how we handled the cold weather.  Owned it.  Or how we dealt with that poisoning. Quick decisive. 
There is no other possible way for Nigeria as a country to become one, #IPOB Worldwide led by #NnamdiKanu decision for republic of Biafra freedom is questionable, all we need is Referendum #SupportBiafraReferendum 
If there's never going to be another referendum, somebody should tell @YesEastAyrshire. Amazing dedicated people. An inspiration to us all. 
Eight EU PMs deny backing second Brexit referendum  
Deputy Joan Collins' bill for a referendum on keeping water in public ownership was postponed this afternoon at 3rd stage for a further 2 mths with FF and FG TDs combining at the Oireachtas Housing Committee to stop it advancing further for now. #Right2Water 
#bbcqt the opening question on tonight's show should be "In the light of the revelations about #CambridgeAnalytica, should HMG withdraw A50 pending a full investigation into illicit interference in the #Brexit campaign? 
David Coburn MEP - "The Conservatives bargained away our fishing grounds when we went into the EU in the first place."Now they are bargaining them away when we are leaving. It’s not on. Scottish fishermen will not put up with it." #Brexit  
Information Commissioner is probing data firm Cambridge Analytica and also investigating #Brexit. Public has right to know what exactly happened. 
If you voted for #Brexit and you hold shares in British company De La Rue I have to inform you that your shares fell by 5.9% today after they lost the contract to print your new blue passports. The work will now go to a French company. Taking back control? #BrexitShambles 
Vince Cable’s big Brexit stunt backfires  
Jacob Rees-Mogg - "It’s not about rocking the boat. It’s about standing up for important communities across the country."One of the reasons this is so important as a Conservative and unionist is that it’s a unionist issue." #Brexit  
Talk about micro-management! Not sure fire in a commercial property needs any govt minister’s involvement. But does the FM deal with everything? No one else can act? Brexit one day, book review the next then Victorias club on fire. Renaissance woman to the rescue!  
The #Government ‘s latest #Brexit strategy is that ANY deal will do !@philipstephens@financialtimes via 
Jimmy Buchan (Amity Fish Company) - "#Brexit is too big an opportunity to let go. If they do, they will never be forgiven. They will go down in history as the people who have failed a nation."  
“It cannot be taken for granted that the UK will retain its status as a science superpower,” says a recent report from the House of Commons science and technology select committee.  Science suffers at the hands of hard Brexit, as does research.  
It would have been extraordinary if EU prime ministers had intervened in the exclusively domestic policy of whether or not the government should call a new referendum. The more important point is that if we do have a new referendum, they’ll endorse result and agree to revoke A50.  
The way this gvts. #Brexit negotiations are going, the only option for the UK is a Canada-style agreement. However, this would be completely unsuitable for our economy, as it won’t include the comprehensive coverage of services, which is key to the UK. 
#CambridgeAnalytica rigged the 2014 Lok Sabha Elections for #ElectionChorBJP just as the company rigged Trump election & the Brexit vote. Spreading canards about the opposition doesn't change reality!  
NEW: Humiliation for Vince Cable as EU prime ministers deny backing second referendum 
BREXIT: Leaders of eight European countries call for new referendum on UK withdrawal from EU / #EU #Brexit  
SCL Whistleblower claims CA used USA military weapon in the US electionI'll bet they used it in brexit referendum as well.#CambridgeAnalyticaUncovered 
SHAMBLES: EU group hits back at LibDems over second referendum press release, “no statement has been agreed upon or released”. Desperate Remoaners getting it wrong again!  
Corrected - Vince Cable humbled as liberal EU PMs disown his Brexit referendum claim  -  … 
EU referendum result may not be legitimate due to Facebook scandal, warns MEP#CambridgeAnalytica via @MetroUK 
REVEALED: Civil servants plan UK to FUND EU army post Brexit in secret plot caught on tape  
ALDE group releases official rebuttal of the Lib Dem second referendum press release. It's really hard to imagine anything more humiliating, and indeed more self-inflicted, for a political party than this.  
juat so we dont forget these documents.... linking Leave EU to Cambridge Analytica..Just sharing this from another anti Brexit group. These archive pages may well disappear any minute so have screen dumped them. They link Leave. EU with Cambridge Analytica  
Luke Lythgoe puts his finger on it. What the hell is going on at the BBC?BBC’s Today misses obvious Brexit angles on big stories @InFactsOrg 
I spoke with EU and British expats who told me that, since Brexit, they've been living in a state of limbo: 
BBC’s Today misses obvious Brexit angles on big stories @InFactsOrg  - the shocking thing is this happens all the time @BBCr4today 
I look forward to Referendum Bill being in the Senate on Tuesday. I'm sure that colleagues will vote against it again but I'm confident that very few Senators will seek to prevent demoncracy & the Irish people finally having their say on this issue. #8thref #TogetherForYes 
"Leaders of eight European countries have called for a further referendum for the British public on the final #Brexit deal" 
Vince Cable's 2nd referendum letter falling apart. Spoke to 2 dips from states who supposedly signed it. One said: 'It’s as likely as the sun coming out and it being 25 degrees.’ Another: 'We’re looking at this with utter astonishment. Our PM certainly hasn’t signed anything.' 
Cambridge Analytica and the leaders of the  group have previously boasted about working together during the Brexit campaignNow they have retracted their claimsThese are the links between them  
Blue passports and public procurementWhy Brexit may mean more public contracts going to foreign companiesBy me, at @FT  
Oops. This is quite a slap from the likes of Mark Rutte for Vince Cable. He claimed 8 EU leaders backed his call for a second EU referendum. Turns out none do.  
I hope there will be 1000s on the streets on Saturday, all peacefully marching in protest at the farce that is Brexit. Peaceful protest now to prevent the inevitable breakdown of society once the poorest and most vulnerable realise they've been had.  
"As Theresa May arrived in Brussels for a crucial EU summit, a group of European prime ministers issued a joint statement calling for the UK Government to allow voters a say on the final terms of the Brexit agreement."Very sensible.#brexitshambles 
Pertaining to the LibDem press release issued today on Brexit: at the ALDE leaders meeting of 22 March no statement has been agreed upon or released. 
It's the SNP's policy to drag Scotland back into the CFP after Brexit.  
REMOANERS: 8 EU PMs support calls for second referendum.No thanks - the British people back Brexit! 
When, Jon, are we going to hear about the manipulation of UK voters in the EU referendum? Surely that's at least as important to your viewers as Trump's election, and we know that it went on and that it influenced the outcome. Indeed it is still influencing Brexiteers.  
With eight LIBERAL #EU Prime Ministers at #Brussels summit. Support for @LibDems position backing our public vote on the #Brexit deal. If the UK votes to stay then welcome from European friends. 
This Brexiteer attempted to get personal with @RCorbettMEP.. Big mistake . #Brexit #Labour #BluePassports 
It’s been very hard this week while on my ski holiday not to tweet anything about Brexit, fish, passports, Trump, ageing tennis stars or Nazi dogs. But I do feel the need to point out that 95% of snowboarders are utter cockwombles. 
Labour's @RCorbettMEP, explaining and exposing the sheer lunacy and idiotic delusions of the Brexiteers.. . #Brexit #Labour #BluePassports 
“Not all of them are abusive, most of them just keep asking if I’m the real Barry Stanton or saying things about Brexit and whether I’ve had a can of Carling today.”  
Brexit in a nutshell  
Keep at it, #Brexit! You're just doing a wonderful, wonderful job. Utterly flawless. Taking back so much control I can barely contain myself.  
#CambridgeAnalytica Scandal not only reveals that Tories are up to their necks in #ElectionFraud & we've probably had an illegal Government since at least 2015; but now calls of illegitimately of #Brexit vote have a credible source.  
Brexit is built on the foundation of lies ... and hate  Hate all round. If that’s not what you want the future to look like, go to one of the UK marches or rallies this weekend. Make your voice heard. Don’t let this kind of hate against @BritishInEurope (& @The3Million) win. 
Liberal prime ministers from 8 EU countries have publicly backed the LibDems call for the British public to have a vote on the final Brexit deal. This is a clear signal from our European friends that they want us to remain in the European Union.  
Good discussion on state of play #Brexit. And thank you @MikeBloomberg for your book on a "climate of hope" & your support for #sustainablefinanceEU #oneplanet 
This has appeared near my home in Spain. How misguied, frightened and intolerant have we become as a once United Kingdom and now divided people? #brexit is toxic and I will never accept it. #FBPE   The “people” do not have one will or one voice. 
Mark Rutte again making it explicit that the UK can still change its mind and remain in the EU. We don’t have to do this. Brexit can be stopped.  
Varadkar on Brexit: 'It isn’t just about Ireland. The other member states understand as a whole that in some ways this is a test as to whether it’s worth being a member of the EU or not.' 
NEW: 8 EU leaders including @MinPres back @LibDems call for the public to have a vote on final Brexit deal  
An update from @vincecable, who is currently in Brussels meeting with prime ministers from across Europe to discuss Brexit  
"Every day EU health workers are voting with their feet" - MU-backed MP @hammersmithandy highlights the shocking level of uncertainty still surrounding the NHS and the UK after Brexit  
Eight EU leaders call for UK referendum on final Brexit deal  
‘@davidkurten tells Mayor Khan: ‘Let’s celebrate Brexit and take down EU flag outside London City Hall’.  
The irony of this tweet is priceless. So 8 Prime Ministers of EU countries are telling us we must have another referendum because they don’t like the first referendum result on deciding our own sovereignty. This is why Remainers simply “don’t get it.” 
READ on @WestmonsterUK  Let's celebrate Brexit; Sadiq Khan should take down the EU flag outside London City Hall to mark the day!  
Eight EU prime ministers support @vincecable call for new referendum on Brexit deal  
#rt if you think our #passport should be made in the UK! @TrevorCoultMC#brexit #shame #crusade #notoeu 
WATCH: @BenPBradshaw is leading a debate today on the impact Brexit will have on our NHS. Please RT so everybody knows how damaging a hard Brexit will be to our precious health service:  
WATCH: @BillHemmer @KatiePavlich talk about Los Alamitos, CA voters approving a referendum exempting the city from sanctuary state law  
This #repealthe8th referendum wasn't demanded by the public, it was demanded by taxpayer funded lobby groups, and they were all there this morning. The NWCI, the ICCL, and nearly every other four letter acronym for "good Labour-voting graduates with a sweet grant-funded gig". 
Mr Farage and Mr Rees-Mogg were protesting about the brexit transition deal  
MP @BenPBradshaw (of Health and Social Care Committee) was asked if the recent inquiry into Brexit's impact on NHS/care found any benefits. "Not that I remember" he answered.  
ICYMI: We're going through all the government's regional impact assessments again today. No matter the kind of Brexit, the West Midlands loses out. Brexit is not inevitable if the public change their minds. #LeaveWatch 
My speech during the debate on the economy:  There are huge opportunities from Brexit, if we take advantage of the new freedoms we will have. I say to the Government, let’s get on with it and let’s not make any more concessions to the EU.  
Two years on from the Brexit vote we're still going to be in the EU, and extending Free Movement to new countries instead of ending it.   
It is clear, young people overwhelmingly reject Brexit. Join @exestudents4eu this weekend in the Forum, from 9am as we prepare to march through the streets of Exeter and demand a #FinalSay 
Ben Bradshaw MP giving Select Committee conclusions about Brexit and NHS...If Brexit goes badly, it could be very bad news for NHS, social care, health research, medicines, etc.Watch live here:  
What he says. I’m increasingly alarmed the brexit ‘strategy’ is to kick all the cans down the road to a point where when reality dawns it will be too late. Willfuly dishonest, reckless.  
Read this. Seriously, read this. When you're done remember this; it doesn't have to be this way. Scotland didn't vote for Brexit. So why should we sit back and do nothing?  
Brexit has been illegitimate from the start - lies, misinformation, deceit, manipulation, a very unusual interpretation of the word 'advisory'. A few people might get upset when Brexit's cancelled, but better that than risk the country & our future prosperity disintegrating.  
EXCLUSIVE: Arch Remainer Lord Adonis says he will renew his passport before they turn Brexit blue / #EU #Brexit  
Dutch Prime Minister Rutte just told Sky and C4 it is up to British voters if they want to change their mind on Brexit. But if they do - they would be most welcome back in @vincecable 
A manipulated electorate voting for a divisive and economically damaging outcome in an advisory referendum is not democracy. I will not fucking accept this. 
National embarrassment Priti Patel calling France-Dutch passport fiasco a national embarrassment.  Correction: it's Brexit that continues to be a national embarrassment.#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Brexit is a project that would a generation to complete.  (all our own laws/ deals etc)You're saying it's morally wrong to ask kids what they think about something that would completely divert the course of their futures? 
Delighted that @MoreUnitedUk have secured @UKParliament debate today on implications for @NHSEngland of #Brexit. @MidwivesRCM reporting a net loss of 183 EU midwives between Oct 2016 & Sept 2017. At that rate there will be no EU midwives left in the UK within a decade! 
Labour = Party of BrexitHope all real Labour members and voters focus on supporting the real fight to #stopbrexit#abtv #fbpe 
none of the people who voted brexit can really explain what tangible benefits they expect to gain from Brexit , or what part of being in the EU impinged negatively on their lives. Yet they were still duped into voting leave  
WATCH: I ask Remainer Sadiq Khan what he will do to celebrate Brexit Day on 29th March 2019. London and the UK should celebrate Brexit!  
John Redwood currently claiming in the Commons that "Brexit won't be a significant economic event"MP's just simply shouldn't be allowed to get away with kind of thing. 
“2 coherent & consistent positions: 1) contract goes to cheapest bidder2) essential national infrastructure should be the preserve of the state.Leave position, alternately libertarian & protectionist, shows the ideological confusion that Brexit has wrought on the Tory party”  
This is a symbolic indication of #Remainer @theresa_may's commitment to #BREXIT! A #British company @DeLaRuePlc being denied this contract @LiamFox @DavidDavisMP any comment..? #NationalDisgrace! #FAKEBREXIT #BluePassports #BBC #LBC #SKY #UK @Conservatives #Conservatives @ConHome 
Brexit - How bad will it get: SummaryEconomist 19.03.2018Oliver Wyman & Clifford Chance summary from report.The extra cost of Tariff barriers to business will be:  £27bn#FinalSay#StopBrexit#FBPE 
BOOM: BT creating 1,300 new apprenticeships & graduate jobs. Openreach looking to recruit 3,500 engineers. Investment in Brexit Britain proving Project Fear wrong yet again!  
The former presiding officer of the Catalan parliament has said a Scottish-style agreed referendum is the solution to the region's political crisis  
I take no pleasure in this sentence. But let it be a warning to unscrupulous employers who put their staff at risk & to politicians who want to use #Brexit to weaken health & safety laws.  
The day the media stops talking about Brexit I will literally cry with joy.  We need to talk about accepting at least 3x as many refugees, lead on a solution for the crisis in the Mediterranean, a real development policy for the global south and a break with neoliberalism.  
Britain is probably trying to find a new role for itself by accusing Russia - Russian envoy  #SkripalCase #Brexit 
I suggest that we've passed the point in the UK where the national (public) interest and government interest overlap at all, much less coincide. As far as all Brexit-related issues are concerned, and that includes peripheral issues like Cambridge Analytica, the two have diverged. 
Britain's new post-Brexit blue passports will be made in France  
#NigelFarage: "In December, concessions were made and here we are in March making yet more concessions. It's very difficult for #Leave voters to think we're  going to get anything other than #Brexit in name only."   #BBC #LBC #SKY #UK @Conservatives #Tory 
Stephen Glover: Let’s hope I’m wrong. But on #Brexit fishing rights, I smell a sell-out more putrid than a bad kipper  
Rather less helpfully for PM on Brexit, Dutch PM Rutte appeared here in Brussels with LD leader @vincecable saying “if the UK decided to change their position”.. “it will be highly welcome” and backing Cable and his party on leading a discussion to “make this happen” 
Great for @nickynoo007 @GuitarMoog and myself to meet with @JohnHowarth1958 @TheresaMEP and @SebDance at the EU parliament today and see their amazing level of commitment to protecting the rights of all citizens impacted by Brexit #BrexitIsPersonal @FinalSayForAll 
Dutch PM Mark Rutte told us it would be “highly welcome” if the UK decided to cancel Brexit  
The Tory Brexit double standard: EU firms should be barred from making our passports but they can own UK railways and energy.  
I voted Remain as did 90% of my social circle so if we could stop talking about “the British fans” voting for Brexit as a homogenous group that’d be great. Better yet, stop mentioning it at all! 
Hmmm at least 80% + stuff I currently own was made abroad, why would I care about where my UK #passport made?As a post brexit Global Britain advocate I can’t see any issue with this at all. 
“Not really, I think the whole thing is really ambiguous. The referendum question was 13-14 words. We voted on leaving the EU, we never voted on leaving the single market, whether we could be in the EEA…”  @Aaronbastini #bbcdp 
Apparently the French require their passports to be made in France for security reasons. But Brexit Britain is outsourcing its blue passports to France! You couldn’t make it up. Suggestion: scrap Brexit ... 
The fact that the blue brexit passports will be made by a Dutch company because they were £50 million cheaper than the British alternative is a new level of irony I didn’t think could be hit 
Our Brexit-supporting International Trade Secretary, Liam Fox, tried to get an exemption from the tariffs for the UK & achieved the sum total of naff-all. But by negotiating through the EU as a bloc, we’ve secured a temporary exemption.  
Brexit is just one endless self-own.  
Neither “side” is blameless in the scandal that is the treatment of citizens in the Brexit process. I and others are still fighting this one  
Dutch PM @markrutte tells me he’s heard about the Dutch company winning the post Brexit blue passport  contract and he is “very proud”  
Surely we can't be far from the moment when an extreme Brexit faction emerges which replies to "We're leaving the EU, not Europe!" with demands we somehow leave Europe too. 
Hmm ... So Corbynistas are slagging off the Tories for their links to Cambridge Analytica whilst simultaneously supporting a Brexit that was won with the help of Cambridge Analytica.#FBPE#SendOutTheClowns 
EXC Arch Remainer Lord Adonis says he will renew his passport before it turns Brexit blue to keep it EU burgundy for as long as possible "as a symbol of European civilisation". #passporgate @Rob_Merrick 
On #bbcdp shortly talking immigration policy after Brexit. Time to end indefinite detention, shut down yarls wood, increase the number of successful asylum applicants and have a policy that treats the global north and south the same. 
Kate Hoey tells Owen Jones: 'I really don't think Nigel Farage is a racist' – video interview. The #Brexit supporters of Red UKIP snuggle up for a chat. #FBPE #StopBrexit 
Our @Adamstoon1 @EveningStandard imagines our new French-made Brexit passport  
No comedy satire could make up the madness of Brexit and the sheer chaotic incompetence of the Conservative govt that has brought it about.  
Made in France? Britain's new #Brexit passport to be made in the EU  
Post Brexit passports won't be made in Britain after Govt awards contract to Franco-Dutch company.Tories have form for this. They nearly destroyed British train making in 2011 when they awarded massive contract to Germany instead of Derby based Bombardier 
OFOC's @William_Dry and Femi discussed Brexit and how we stop it on the @LimehousePod podcast. Here's a teaser: 
From iconic to ironic: Britain’s new post-Brexit passports to be made by Franco-Dutch company  
Liam Fox has said that participating in a Customs Union was a "sell-out", but this is exactly what he backed before the referendum. #LeaveWatch 
Crony-capitalist, managed-trade agreements are not compatible with free markets. Britain should avoid entanglements in transnational bureaucracies and their red tape after leaving the EU. #Brexit 
Government Forecast: Cutting Migration After Brexit Could Boost Economy    
Post-Brexit blue British passports ‘to be made in France’ #deliciousirony via @IrishTimes 
Met a young man (ex-Forces) who is a #RemainerNow & so angry with #Brexit that he & his fiancee will be driving for 7 hours to be at #GreatNorthernMarch in Leeds. He voted out believing it would give him a better std of living, but he's already worse off & knows worse is to come. 
As we mark the first anniversary of triggering A50, let's remember that NOT ONE of the Leave campaign's promises came true.There will be NO Brexit dividend, NO money for the NHS, the German carmakers did NOT roll over, and the EU does NOT need us more than we need them.#FBPE 
The Scottish Independence movement is no longer tied up with Brexit. Protecting powers in Holyrood is more important than being IN or OUT of the EU. Only Independence can protect us from Westminster megalomania.#YouYesYet #indyref #Scotland 
Isn't this how free trade works? Never mind, when the contract is up for renewal we can put out to tender to one of our new trading partners. You cannot have your cake and eat it no matter how much you spin the Brexit lies. Your blue passport will be the icon of a broken country.  
Biggest insult of Brexit so far, our new British passport will be made in the EU as British company gets snubbed  
All we get from the Conservatives is lies. All we get from the Labour Party is lies. All we get from both parties is false facts, false rhetoric, false agendas. Both Labour & the Tories share the same moral vacuum when it comes to politics & Brexit. 
I had thought we all lived in a mature democracy but it seems we can chuck away our place in the world on a game of Spin the Bottle.#Brexit #FinalSay 
What are the links between Cambridge Analytica and #Brexit campaign group ?  
We must have full transparency of Leave campaign donations in Northern Ireland. I've submitted a Parliamentary motion calling on the Government to ensure scrutiny of donations to political parties in Northern Ireland during the EU referendum campaign  
So much of #Brexit has been about blaming others for national failings, whether it's the EU, immigrants, refugees or Remainers, someone else is always to blame. It's a recipe for disaster. You can't take back control if you won't accept responsibility.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
The logic of #Brexit: gamble 99.2% of our GDP to try to increase 0.2% #BrexitShambles #BrexitBetraysBritain #StopBrexitSaveBritain Demand a #FinalSay Ref with option to #ExitFromBrexitLet's stop wasting time, money & bandwidth on #Brexit & fix Britain's problems instead  
A Dutch firm will produce Britain's new blue passports in France – and the U.K. company that lost the contract saw its stock tumble   
The deepening scandal over the role of #CambridgeAnalytica means the 2016 Brexit referendum vote should be void, argues @ACGrayling. 
As a member of the Anglican Communion disappointed in this and will be writing to offer to brief the Archbishop on the facts of the matter ...Archbishop Sentamu to back UK’s Brexit power grab on Holyrood | The National  
Do you think the Tories used their “Data Mining” Analytics Arm To influence:- . Scottish #indyref. UK #brexit Referendum . 2017 General Election - especially in Scotland 
Christian Adams on new post-Brexit passports to be made in France, current manufacturer says - political cartoon gallery in Putney  
“This referendum matters to all of us, men and women. We’re campaigning for a fairer, kinder Ireland, a place where women’s lives and health are truly respected and protected, an Ireland we are proud to live in and a good place to raise our children and our grandchildren.” 
We Remainers should be making far more of the fact that #Brexit hands Putin a victory in his hybrid war against the EU and Western democracy that vastly outweighs any measures the UK might take against it. Resisting Putin means stopping Brexit. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Made in France? Britain's new Brexit passport goes to the EU  
It's lose lose lose all the way for #Brexit Britain -Not only the loss of a £490 million deal to a Franco-Dutch company but the new passports will be more expensive for Brits due to the devaluation of sterling.Brexit is a sterling mess. 
Never has "Fuck Brexit" been more appropriate...This needs to be read by EVERY single MP, so RT & tag them all. @GlynDavies "1/ Brexit has finally broken my mum 2/ My mum is one those pesky EU27 types. She came to the UK in the sixties..." @37paday #FBPE  
Government is sharing its plan for the border after Brexit with companies, then getting them to sign gagging orders to hide that information from Parliament and the people. It makes a mockery of Parliamentary Sovereignty when MPs need this information to hold them to account.  
@Channel4News all over this & rightly so...maybe time for @BBCNews to rethink its approach to investigative reporting..maybe worth rethinking its approach to #Brexit reporting & analysis too while it's at it.More experts, fewer Political Propagandists & Media luvvies!#FinalSay 
If you can, please join one of the #StopBrexit events on March 23-26. We need to make our voices heard. Please RT and if you have time tweet the link and/or links to the regional events.  #Brexit #FBPE 
The Government has promised a Brexit deal that will not damage our economy and put jobs at risk. They need to meet the tests they have set themselves:  #StopBrxit2019 #FBPE 
Made in France? Britain's new #Brexit passport to be made in the EU  
That blue passport story is just brilliant tells you all you need to know about Brexit - it’s a joke. 
It is clear from what is being said by the Lords, that the Tories are using #Brexit to diminish the Scottish Parliament   They don’t want Scotland to outshine the rUK                           You just can’t Trust the Tories!   
The deal May has agreed for Britains fishing waters is worse that the deal we already had. Many now believe Britain will never gain control of her fishing waters and if May is still around at the end of brexit this will be more than likely. 
“We’ve moved on from dropping our pregnant women at the gates of a laundry. I think we’ve moved on from dropping them at departure gates too. On referendum day, on behalf of all we love, vote yes” #together4yes 
Oh, the irony.                                         Post-Brexit passports set to be made by Franco-Dutch firm  
Dear Mrs May @theresa_may , Mr Corbyn @jeremycorbyn , are your Brexit dreams worth the anxiety, anguish and pain suffered by this dear lady and the millions like her? Will you abandon her for an undeliverable idea? Then tell her to her face she is acceptable collateral damage.  
Sacré bleu! Theresa May urged to explain why post-Brexit blue passport 'set to be made by Franco-Dutch firm' 
Theresa May's Brexit deal is being largely considered a "selling out" of the UK to appease the EU! It seems Brexit was squandered totally by Theresa and her negotiating.  
Labour comes out worst in poll for @labourlist with majority of their supporters unclear about party's Brexit stance. Not surprising. It changes by the week 
Now being told by Remoaners that via Cambridge Analytica I was told who to vote for re Brexit.You'd think with these special mind powers these Remoaners seem to have they could've mind changed a few more voters and won the referendum. 
I'd really recommend watching this if you want to know more about the UK's existing FTA's it has through the EU and what happens during transition #learningabouttrade #Brexit  
BETRAYAL: Yup, our Blue British  Brexit passports will be made in the EU. Predictably, Mail readers aren’t too happy…  
WATCH: @PaulBlomfieldMP on why the Brexit talks have been held back by infighting within the Tory party.  
To every OAP in the UKThe EU ordered the UK to immediately DOUBLE the State Pension to bring it more into line with the rest of the EU.Cameron refused and gave you #Brexit instead! 
I think you're a bit confused Tim.Fascism is being shot in the street for having a different opinion. It's being locked up for having different politics. It's being sent to death camps.It's not putting a cross on a ballot paper in a legally recognised democratic referendum.  
WATCH | @Nigel_Farage: "In December, concessions were made and here we are in March making yet more concessions. It's very difficult for Leave voters to think we're going to get anything other than Brexit in name only."Support us at  
I spoke to several high ranking Labour MPs a few days ago, they are clearlyvery unhappy at Corbyn's continued backing for Brexit and his inability to understand what it means. They KNOW millions of jobs will be lost 
Your regular reminder that @NadineDorries is an MP.Let me repeat that: The person who makes these comments below is an actual current sitting MP deciding our fate, responsible for the security of our nation, opining & voting on #Brexit@mrjamesob 
We are so pleased to be launching @Together4yes today! We are #together4yes and we are ready to win this referendum!  
Our editor just finished a rocking interview with a major & serious  pro-#Brexit MP.  I heard a little of it.  What a star that person is!  Don't miss it on our site tomorrow.For original, fact-based #Brexit daily news, people go here:  
New post-Brexit passports 'to be made in France by Gemalto'  
A heartbreaking thread. Do those who voted for Brexit take any responsibility at all for the consequences of their actions? 
Reminder to all the Remoaners laughing about the fact that the Blue Passports will be made in Europe: just last week an Ipsos MORI poll found that Brexit voters are very keen for Britain to trade freely across the world. It isn’t Brexiteers who are frightened protectionists. 
Turns out those blue Brexit passports will be made in France – our 13 favourite responses  #brexit #passport #madeinfrance 
.@AdamBoulton You didn't confront Farage with the clips I sent you previously repeatedly talking about Norway during the EU ref, disappointing as he used your show again to push Hard Brexit. #AllOutPolitics #SkyNews #SkyPapers 
So UKThis is the face of #BrexitFuckwit fascist Farright Farage flinging fish into the River ThamesFucking ridiculousShame on you you bunch of malign odious halfwit freaks#Remain #FBPE pic.twitter.com/RF1yM28gS0 
You know when you're a kid, and your parents tell you off, & you storm into your room & cry into your pillow & think "I'll leave home, that'll teach them", and you pack a little bag & step out the door & immediately realise it's a terrible idea?*gestures at everything*Brexit 
Dear Ms Soubry - you really don't understand the #Brexit voters at all - we had Obama, Armageddon and every EU funded parasite in the world thrown at us - No bus, Poll, Politician, Russian or Data hack could sway the #Brexiteers deep hatred for Brussels after 40+ years of control 
Everyday we need to wake up and think ‘I can #Stop Brexit’ it’s down to me. What can I do to #StopBrexitNow?’It’s not down to someone else, it’s all our tiny, seemingly inconsequential, consistent actions by each individual one of us. Today I am inviting 648 MPs for #CakeNotHate 
Please Support @SCER_eu if you can. It Is doing much good work around #Brexit, Scotland and the EU  
NEWS! I gave away passport production rights in the Brexit negotiations, admits David Davis  
This is spot on. Corbyn’s can’t claim to be a defender of the poorest in society, can’t claim to have the best interests of the NHS at heart, can’t claim to be anti austerity, whilst, advocating and voting for a hard Brexit. It’s simply not possible #StopBrexiy #FBPE 
I just asked Minister Margot James if she would meet with @WeAreTheMU to discuss musicians' concerns about post-Brexit touring and I am pleased to say she agreed to meet MU reps. (I declare various interests including musician husband who tours EU!) 
Latest in my series of having a chat with people I disagree with - here's my full interview with @KateHoeyMP on Brexit, fox hunting and grammar schools    
Muoro! BBC News - UK passports 'to be made in France after Brexit'  
EU approves Bayer’s $62.5billion takeover of GMO & pesticide giant Monsanto  #Brexit 
What are the links between Cambridge Analytica and #Brexit campaign group ?  
Cameron couldn't have been clearer"There will be NO second referendumIt will be YOUR decisionNOT politiciansNOT parliamentNOT lobby groups When British people speak their vote will be respected NOT ignored. If we vote to leave then we will LEAVE"... 
for my brexit big band record I'm looking for someone to swim the English channel for me. with a microphone attached. anyone know anyone into long distance swimming and er... audio? 
We have been betrayed by #CambridgeAnalytica aided and abetted by #Facebook: the result is #Trump ‘elected’ president and and #Brexit ‘won’  
Swindled...anti #Brexit billboards across the UK. 
To heal our cultural divide (and stop Brexit) we have to stop berating Brexiteers, says Lib Dem deputy leader @joswinson 
Just one more testament to the foolishness of Brexit  
Thank you for your tweet. My name is Alex Fox. My timeline is Brexit fixated. Quite right of you to say. For a long time I tried to fight it with attempts at *funny* threads. It was perhaps a way to also let off steam. In the meantime, I tried to reassure my mum. I failed. /1 
Brexit: Leavers in uproar over 'national humiliation' as blue passports contract 'handed to Franco-Dutch firm'  
By birth I’m English, and really wanted Scotland to stay in the UK at the last #IndyRef as it did. Then... #Brexit and now I feel ashamed, angry, unpatriotic. I’m relieved I can claim an Irish passport and now fully support Scottish independence  
The 4 indivisible elements of the Brexit & Cambridge Analytica story.1. 'Old Etonian' style business & military establishment roots2. The Conservative Party establishment3. Wealthy rogue actors on the make4. Sociopathic savants serving themThe core theme is snake oil 
EU wants to make sure Britain is not better off outside than inside, Finland's ex-PM @alexstubb says  
Today’s column outlines the costs of the Irish government’s hardball tactics on Brexit, and why pushing the Northern Ireland backstop option is hugely risky.  
Blue passports made in the EU! First response is to laugh, and then you realise that we're a global laughing stock now and Brexit's still still a fucking stupid idea. 
"#Brexit & Trump are pulling the #EU together.When you enter a club, you exit with the rules. The UK wanted to be in the club with a lot of opt-outs. Now it wants to be out with a lot of opt-ins.That's not acceptable"-former PM of Finland @BloombergTV 
look if you can’t agree on a passport colour I’ll turn this brexit around and there’ll be no passports for anyone 
ps 2 Note that the "future trade deals" (especially with US) that UK wants to sign post Brexit are likely to have provisions in to make it easier for foreign firms to bid for UK public contracts. UK seen as a lucrative market. 
Brexit is pure emotion...facts can't dent that. But Franco-Dutch deal gives Remain an emotional card...Brexit means blue passports will be made abroad...it's a mockery of putting Britain first. We should use that emotional pull to expose Brexit for the sham that it is. #FinalSay 
Dutch say 'no' in referendum on spy agency tapping powers  
The whole saga over the rediculous Blue Passports does not just show the laughable incompetence of the Tories on Brexit. It is symbolic of their entire time in government. Privitise, Outsource to foreign countries and completely disregard British industry and the Public sector. 
If you can think of a better metaphor for Brexit than the ‘iconic’ blue passports, that actually used to be black, but people misremembered nostalgically, being imported from EU countries, I would be very impressed. 
UK passports 'to be made in France after Brexit'  
This is my favourite of @mrjamesob faces. Genuinely attempting empathy with a clearly delusional Brexit bod - resulting in an unrelenting aching pain in James’s frontal lobe.  
My music student stepdaughter was planning to study in Copenhagen under Erasmus in her third year at music college. The scheme is not accepting UK students ahead of Brexit. 
Theresa May in February: “It is absolutely right that after we leave the European Union, we return to deciding the colour of passports that we want, not that the EU wants.”Today: Contract for blue passports awarded to Franco-Dutch firm.  #Brexit 
I feel sorry for British workers who lose their jobs because of Franco-Dutch deal but it's what we voted for with Brexit..brutal, hard core free trade economics as opposed to take back control fantasy. Farage  & Mogg may feign sympathy but inside they'll be pleased. #FinalSay 
I love the way @mrjamesob can outwardly express what every remainer inwardly feels using only the muscles in his face. Quite literally the face of Brexit.Sorry James.  
Know it's been posted loads before but #brexit #passport shambles calls for another airing of this... 
It doesn’t matter what side you are on Brexit, letting the French make our passports is bloody ridiculous. 
I see the ultimate symbol of Brexit, their beloved blue passport, is to be made in France... hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha*coughs*hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha! 
Taking back control is going well then: Post-Brexit passports set to be made by Franco-Dutch firm  
With 372 days to go until Brexit, the future of the world's sixth-largest economy and its 65 million inhabitants has been distilled to two vital questions: who makes its blue passports, and how many fish it is allowed to catch. 
They said themselves they used it in 2014,now I wonder what happened then that would have attracted their attention? its simple, if they can be proved to have interfered with the independence referendum the Electoral Commision will have to declare the result unsafe!  
The growth forecasts the Chancellor announced in his Spring Statement are all substantially down from before the Brexit vote. The UK is already poorer because of Brexit. #LeaveWatch 
May''s #Brexit strategy: talk tough then concede allHolding Tories together more important for her than interests of UK.Parliament should relieve her of this duty, take back control & insist on #finalsay referendum to #ExitFromBrexit via @financialtimes 
"I'm sure DCMS will be taking every step to make sure none of that is the case"The stupidity of that comment melts my brain.BREXIT MAKES IT THE CASEIF YOU WANT TO MAKE SURE THAT NONE OF THAT IS THE CASE, STOP BREXIT  
Far from being democracy in action, the referendum was a travesty of democracy. That should have been apparent from the conduct of the Leave campaign anyway. Maybe the darker forces of CA also a factor. But most shocking, MPs still call it democracy rather than admit the fiasco. 
Once again Dopey Dorries betrays her total ignorance of the implications of Brexit. Funny how the people most strident about leaving the EU are the ones with the least clue about what the EU actually does for us.  
This lovely, but criminally duped, woman also cited a ship full of whelks being bound for South Korea as evidence of the sort of trade she could do post-Brexit. Realised afterwards that the EU/Korea free trade agreement made it possible. This stuff isn’t funny.  
It's UK government policy to stay in the WTO Government Procurement Agreement after Brexit: Companies and ministers have to decide if they are advocating "Global Britain" or Little England 
This is pure hatred by the political class against  Britain.     A country cannot survive treason from within, and that is exactly what we have -  be it no meaningful #Brexit or having a foreign power print your state documents - disgusting!  
#TransitionDeal :Postponing the cliff edge by 21 months does nothing to solve the key #brexit problems faced by #business@InFactsOrg 
Not sure what Nadine does all day as an  MP, she seems to not know what her own government is doing. I know a lot of touring musicians, who make their livings performing across Europe. Not one of them voted Brexit. 
If you want to know why I was in favor of Brexit, this piece is a good start. Until the English deal with the superiority complex of their right wing elite in media and politics, the country is better kept at a distance.  
Hang on a minute, I thought @thomasbrake and others argued Brexit was about pulling up the drawbridge.Surely having our passports made elsewhere, at a lower cost to the taxpayer, proves that this isn’t the case? Who’s the protectionist ‘little Englander’ now? 
I'm going to sell burgundy EU-style passport covers as soon as the blue ones come out. I may be the only person not already a millionaire to profit from Brexit. 
Not "all negative consequences", Mr.Tusk, many are already happening.Brexit is already blighting our country's future.Although I agree, after the transition period, the worst is yet to come...   
What are the links between Cambridge Analytica and #Brexit campaign group ?  
The protests in London will be bigger than the Iraq ones. Granite Brexit supporters from every corner of the UK will descend on the capital to force dollybird Theresa May to pick the more expensive British contract.  
If you just so happen to be in Brussels today, you are in for an amazing treat. @nickynoo007 and @grrrahh are there to meet and greet and listen to your stories about how Brexit is affecting you: #BrexitIsPersonal The Grapvine on Place du Luxembourg, Brussels between 4.30-8pm CET 
Blue Passports are being made by the French it’s a National Humiliation.. NO NO NO!!!!! NO!!!!!! A British company packed choc full of Tories is involved in Global Election Rigging that’s Humiliation!!!! Trump Brexit Nigeria Kenya it’s a massive SCANDAL!!!  
“You’re so vain. I bet you think this survey’s about you” @BorderIrish If you’re Irish, or have Irish roots, please complete this short and important survey so that the voices of real Irish people are heard in relation to the Irish border and Brexit  
Congratulations to the French firm who’ve just won the bid to make our new blue passports. #brexit #fuckssake #brilliant 
So - don’t think sneering at people who wanted a blue passport is v productive but the row about the manufacturer having to be British is silly: Brexit surely shouldn’t be about protectionism and an end to trading with European countries? 
Brexit continues to defy satire'Pro-Brexit former cabinet minister Priti Patel described the decision as perverse' maybe she was hoping to offer passport printing contract to Israel on her next perverse secret trip,to offer aid money without govt approval 
Don’t listen to jingoistic Remainers, the contract for Brexit Britain’s new blue passports going to a Franco-Dutch company is great news...  
The CEO of De La Rue, which has made British passports in the UK for the last 10 years, has just said on @BBCNews that jobs will be lost because the new blue passport will be made abroad. Now that's what I call a Brexit job loss! 
North East to be worst hit by Brexit. Gateshead-based UK firm loses contract to make new passports. Tell me again about all the jobs..?  
2/When my German wife, an experienced psychotherapist and exec coach told her clients she was leaving the UK. One enthusiastic Brexit supporter said; "Oh we did not mean to exclude you, only the wrong sort of people". What the... What has become of our open & lovely country. 
The #CambridgeAnalytica and #Facebook scandal is huge. The public will be shocked as further details emerge. Democratic processes have been deliberately attacked and subverted in many countries, including US #Trump election and UK’s EU referendum  
The madness of Brexit. Old passports made in Gateshead by British workers, new post Brexit passports to be made in France! Is this what taking back control means?! @MartinGannon002 @IanMearnsMP 
This is just too good not to share as the shambles of brexit falls into complete farce, It could form a new script for that very British of comedy films in the Carry on series.Post-Brexit passports set to be made by Franco-Dutch firm  
A French company has won the contract to make the ‘iconic blue’ British passport post Brexit. Another deft sure footed Theresa May achievement .... 
My child faces all the above except once I get an Irish passport she'll be able to apply & keep her FoM.Brexit is easy for the old but the price will be paid by the next few generations.We've already left a burden of dept what else can we do to ruin their future? 
I've retired early but I'm still an old boy and what will Brexit do to me? The answer is nothing much.If house prices collapse, I'll still own my home.If inflation rockets my pension is index linked.If interest rates rise, I'll make money.If the pound bombs the FTSE rises. 
Such a sad and shameful thread. Do not tell me that people will be fine after Brexit. This is not OK. Demand a #FinalSayForAll, get out on the street this weekend, shout loud, write to your MP, this must end.#StopBrexit 
Shocking news: ‘Post-Brexit Blue passports won’t be made in UK’ as Govt awards contract to  French/Dutch company!! I’m no Brexiteer but surely these should be Made in Britain?  #gbmfg #ukmfg 
Remainers getting angry that the Government's decision is saving the British taxpayer £50 million! This decision is only "embarrassing" if you stupidly believe the Brexit vote was a vote for a inward-facing little Britain.  
Put down your coffee, so you don't spit on your screen…  Ready?  Britain’s post-Brexit blue passport will be made by a Franco-Dutch firm.    OK, go back to your coffee now.  
Chief exec of UK passport maker De La Rue concedes on Today that French/Dutch rival beat them on price for post-Brexit blue/black passport but wants the contract anyway for political reasons. Not very free trade/Global Britain.... 
Britain’s post #Brexit 'blue' passport set to be made in the EU by Franco-Dutch firm. Not quite the Take Back Passport Control brexiteers had in mind, surely?  #BrexitReality 
Never mind the passport colour, the last paragraph is the kicker, "It is unclear how the government’s approach may change after Brexit, but countries seeking to strike new trade deals with the UK are likely to seek enhanced access to public contracts."  
Looking forward to more questions being asked about Brexit and the EU Referendum.Who did it?Who paid for it?Was it within the spending rules?  Which country was behind it and why?It looked like Russia but now looks like US/UK?#CambridgeAnalytica#Facebook#Twitter 
Everything pathetic, petty and pointless about Brexit summed up in a single story.   via @telegraphnews 
If #CambridgeAnalytica is the sort of British export service Boris Johnson believes will keep the UK afloat post-Brexit then we are in seriously deep s**t. #ThursdayThoughts #BrexitFraud 
This Government has a heightened sense of irony: post-Brexit passports set to be made by Franco-Dutch firm.  
So many Labour supporters are consciously delusional about their leader’s passionate views on Brexit  
Never forget. This man created #Brexit chaos because of an internal Tory party feud. He then knighted all of his mates (and f***ed off)  
I'm SO proud to work for our small, impoverished team, breaking #Brexit news you don't get on the well-funded BBC. How is it our #Brexit Facts4EU guys broke the "free movement for 4.3m Croatians" story?  Can you help to keep us fighting for a clean Brexit? 
Britain’s latest Brexit strategy: any deal will do -  via @FT 
The new post-Brexit blue passports, hailed by Leavers as a symbol that we're getting our country back, will be made in Europe.  
EU and UK leaders accused of not protecting citizens’ rights in #Brexit deal  
Live in rural England? Bad mobile data connection? Voted Brexit? Well done.  
"UK GOVERNMENT QUIETLY OPENS DOOR TO 4.3m CROATIANS" - New & Exclusive from #Brexit Facts4EU.  Why didn't you hear about this from the BBC? Read:  
Priti Patel thinks it’s a “national humiliation” to let a French co save the taxpayer money by making the new passport. Like Norman Foster doing the Reichstag or Richard Rogers’ Pompidou maybe? I thought Brexit Britain was going to be all free-tradey and open to the world 
Money for Brexit. Money for Trident. Money for the DUP. But funnily enough, no money to give NHS nurses the *actual* pay rise they deserve. Instead, more spin from a govt who continues to treat the electorate like dirt. 
Unable to accept that Trumps win and the Brexit win were the will of the people the #FakeNewsMedia want to now pretend it was exploitation of social media data!  
Some day there’ll be an inquiry into why editors of news organisations took the line they did on Brexit. It’ll be an inquiry into weakness. 
The polling companies stopped asking how we would vote in a second referendum in DECEMBER. after 11/12 polls showed a #Remain majority and the last but one showed a TEN POINT LEAD. Now why would that be?#FBPE#StopBrexit#CambridgeAnalytica#Russia#LeaveLies#Brexit 
“Taking back control” As a result of Brexit as managed by the “Pro British” Tories is that your passport will no longer be printed in Gateshead and production will be moved to the Netherlands: Post-Brexit passports set to be made by Franco-Dutch firm  
Every morning @BBCr4today serves up massive, intractable, self-harming Brexit problems with a cheery laugh and a sugar-coating. 
The Brexit Transition Treaty will entangle the UK in the EU's defence architecture (EDA, CSDP, EDPD, EUBG, EDF) & allows for a new Defence Treaty giving the EU control of the UK military from as early as 30th March 2019. May simply must not sign this deal 
It breaks me every time I think of what we were, and what we've become. All because a fool of a prime minister thought he was clever calling a referendum he never thought he'd lose. 
So the existing burgundy passports are made in Britain. The new blue passports are going to be made in Holland.  Hear that sound?  The world is laughing at you Mr & Mrs Brexit.  #r4today  
This point from this *must-read thread* is one that people don’t recognise enough. The damage Brexit has already done ... *now* ... so before it has even happened. I know hundreds of examples of that. It’s heartbreaking.  
Blue Passports are being made by the French it’s a National Humiliation.. NO NO NO!!! A British company packed choc full of Tories is involved in Global Election Rigging!!!! Trump Brexit Nigeria Kenya it’s a massive SCANDAL!!!  
Just met at #Euston. I yelled "stop #brexit". Think he's deaf.  
Tory run SCL and Cambridge Analytica Global Vote riggers Trumps Victory, Brexit... it’s an absolute ‘National Scandal’ and the right wing media the elite Theresa May Tories don’t even flinch!!!!  
Amazing how Cambridge Analytica sits at the heart of a network of operatives pushing climate science denial in the name of Brexit and Trump.Then again, why are we surprised.(source: ) 
Amazing investigative journalist at work. She has exposed both #Brexit and Trump election as illegal rigged frauds. Worth following @carolecadwalla #resist #resistance #trumprussia #impeach45 
So post-Brexit, that 8p a day / £30 a year I might “save” by no longer being an EU citizen could disappear in about 20 seconds if I forget to check my phone settings after I’ve paid for my visa to visit the EU with my new blue passport? Seems like a fabulous deal. 
If you only read one thread today, you must read this. I am heartbroken and infuriated at the way in which we @The3Million and @BritishInEurope have become collateral damage over Brexit. These are the real human costs and consequences   
Netherlands, Intelligence and Security Services Act Referendum:After 80% of the votes counted:For: 46.2%Against: 48.9% 
LETS BE 100% CLEAR -If ever there was a need to re-run the referendum - it is now  -  clearly it was subverted and not a true reflection of the people - the people were manipulated by CA - fooled and duped by lies and deliberate deceptions 
Bob Geldof stuck two fingers up at pro-Brexit fishermen and by all accounts the government intends to do the same.#Brexit  
Post-Brexit passports set to be made by Franco-Dutch firm  
Patriots could always start a campaign to keep the UK’s iconic burgundy passports when the Brexit blue could be made in EUROPE 
'Tories bargained away our fisheries!' MEP launches shock attack on May's Brexit sellout  
Yes @The3Million #eucitizens must have their voices heard, register to vote, get involved in #ABTV and vote for the pro-eu party that you have most in common with/ has the best chance of winning. Send a message to those parties that won’t give the UK a #finalsay on #brexit  
LOOKING FOR THE LINK BETWEEN CAMBRIDGE ANALYTICA & THE #BREXIT REFERENDUM?Well here it is#AggregateIQ = #CambridgeAnalyticaUncoveredOur democracy, bought & sold, for a sack of traitor's gold. All those of you who love this country, please share far & wideSee for yourself 
Cambridge Analytica scandal could blow lid off nefarious activities of Donald Trump & family; Steve Bannon; Brexit campaign; current British government; #Israelgate; Netanyahu & Mossad; Mark Zuckerberg & Facebook while exonerating Russia & Julian Assange 
They call this a “post-colonial blowback” ...How Cambridge Analytica had a test run in Nigeria's 2015 presidential election, one year before Trump and Brexit ... 
This referendum is about the future of British Columbia. The future of British Columbia care about this referendum. #Youth4prLearn more and support our campaign!  
We're having a great conversation about the upcoming referendum. How will you get involved? #pr4bc #bcpoli 
I don't think anyone has yet decided to leave the EU in accordance with our democratic process. The referendum wasn't the decision. And May didn't make a decision after the ref, because she said the ref WAS the decision. Nor did Parliament, for the same reason. So: #A50Challenge 
It was about quelling Europhobes once & for all. Kier says he must accept the result. But MPs duty is to act in the interests of UK not to harm it. Once it emerged that any version of Brexit is more harmful than remaining, Parliament should decide to withdraw A50 & mend fences. 
And whatever it meant, without understanding the effect on the UK economy & geopolitics.Nothing about the referendum is what it seems. The vote wasn't the democratic *will of the people* despite MPs still claiming it is. The ref wasn't really about leaving the EU - 
Tune in! Chatting about free speech in the UK, Brexit, Euronews, US, & more. 
Exit Poll: Dutch Approve Spy Agency's Power to Tap Internet Traffic in Referendum  
The biggest winner in Tuesday’s Illinois primary election was... marijuana. Cook County voters overwhelmingly supported a legalization referendum and the Democratic nominee for governor says legalization will be a top priority of his administration. 
Hi @Channel4NewsYou did a great job exposing #CambridgeAnalytica but why haven't you exposed their involvement in #Brexit and the involvement of SCL with the @ConservativesI hope you'll deal with these issues in the coming days and weeks. Thanks. #c4news #Brexit #StopBrexit 
.@Dr_PhilippaW: When Ruth Davidson and Michael Gove made their statement last week, on fishing and the Brexit transition deal, they must have known this Tory betrayal was coming - and they should apologise to Scotland's fishing industry.  
This thread. The government has failed so many people through the way it has gone about Brexit. So sad.  
I have reached the point where I despise anyone who tells me "you will be fine". You can be sure they voted for Brexit but they are too cowardly to take responsibility for what they have done to thousands of people. 
Could just be me but even though I already had a low regard for UK politicians they at least had an air of authority and there was at least the illusion of competence. #Brexit seems to have robbed all of them of all of that. They now look naked, clueless and out of their depth. 
If you were thinking that Brexit would at least be a symbolic victory....#BluePassports 
It’s nice that Cambridge Analytica scandal (#DataGate) takes Russia off the hook (as I predicted), but what this says about democracy in America and Britain ( Brexit vote was similarly rigged), is dire. 
#RETWEET If this is how you feel about the #PM @theresa_may & her #Government! ! Send the @Conservatives a #Brexit Message in the #BallotBox on the 3rd May 2018 #LocalElections! #BBC #SKY @LBC #LBC @ConHome @CCHQPress #ConservativeParty #UK #TORY #TORIES #UK #UKIP #EU 
Brexit: EU leaders set to discuss transition agreement  
Post-Brexit passports set to be made by Franco-Dutch firm  
OPTIMISM Aussie High Commissioner wants  to be cheerful about #Brexit - 'You're a wonderful country!' If only #British #politicians were so positive about our global future!  #BBC #SKY @LBC #LBC @ConHome @CCHQPress #ConservativeParty #UK #TORY #TORIES 
You couldn't make this up.The #Brexit farce continues.Isn't it time MPs acknowledged the only legitimate solution to this mess is to give the Ppl a Binding #FinalSayForAll on the Deal with a #Remain option. Retest the Will of the Ppl & stop imposing party will on the Ppl. 
French group set to win contract to make UK passports after Brexit  
Scottish & Welsh Parliaments spent the day seriously debating and deciding on options for our future , threatened by @GovUk #Brexit . At Westminster #Brexiteer MPs joined Nigel Farage In throwing dead fish into the Thames apparently in protest at something 
Commoners and how they are coerced by Heather Marsh circa 2014 relevant to #CambridgeAnalyticaUncovered #Trump #Brexit and #Facebook.Find out how your family & neighbors are weaponized to destroy Democracy across the west manipulated by #Russia + others. 
More embarrassing humiliation for The Sun and its pathetic Brexit blue passports “campaign”. The clown who ran the “campaign” is not just some young journalist, but the actual political editor @tnewtondunn  
Self-Serving Lying Twat Boris Johnson says President Putin will use the 2018 World Cup as a 'PR exercise', similar to how Hitler used the 1936 Olympics. Can anyone think of anyone who used & is still using Brexit to promote themselves? pic.twitter.com/4vnrVKFDxi 
Along with the debunking of the “EU puts tariffs on the poorest countries” myth/lie, I think this puts the final nail in the coffin of the Brexit Ultras’ morally disgraceful, piss-poor attempt to sell Brexit as helping the world’s poor.  
Very proud to have voted with 94 other MSPs (vs 31 Tories & 1 Lib Dem) to pass the @scotgov’s Continuity Bill today to protect the existing powers of the @scotparl from Tory UK Govt power grab via Brexit process.  @Feorlean did outstanding job today!  
The post-brexit blue passports are to be made in France. What perfect irony. #brexit #passport 
Petition to"Declare the 2016 referendum vote null and void due to foreign interference"passes 11,000 signatures!1,000 added in just 3 hours!Want to see it debated?All you have to do is just SIGN & ReTweet it, AND ask your followers to do the same! 
Without making any assumptions about the facts relating to the Salisbury incident, I am becoming more and more convinced that the government's reaction is directly proportional to how desperate they are to distract from the chaos of Brexit. 
27/ So even if Brexit is mitigated or stopped it won't fix my family. 
JO’B is easily the most annoying phone in host, if you say you support Brexit, you won’t get on!He can’t understand logic, 20% of German cars, come to UK, a TradeDeficit of £79bn. Yet EU want to Dictate Terms!  
Britain's blue passports will be made on the continent & will cost Global Britain 10-20% more bc Brexit has f**ked the £. 
My advice is just don't support any individual or any political party that supports the madness of Brexit. I for one don't want that on my conscience in the years ahead.  
I think #Brexit is aimed at obtaining a kind of UK tax haven. I think the normalisation of lies & disinformation surrounding Brexit, & ideological devices such as "The Will of the People" are the means for creating a less brutal version of Putin's managed democracy.#StopBrexit 
13/ She has watched Brexit unfold and has remained certain she would be fine after all she has indefinite leave to remain 
BREXIT: Brexiteers furious as Dutch company poised to win contract to make the new Blue Passports  / #EU #Brexit  
Brexit may or may not be a bad thing for Scotland but even if it is it won’t be nearly as bad as the SNP’s minority obsession of Independence would be. We true Scots will keep making that point.  
Dr Mike Galsworthy of @Scientists4EU & HealthierIN speaking at conference on March 19th... on how Brexit is already damaging & staffing - and setting up headaches for patients' access for new medicines. 
Where are the decent, non-lunatic @Conservatives? Why are they silent, and why are they letting @Theresa_May continue on her suicidal #Brexit path? Don’t they realise its up to them to halt this coup? Wake up, Tories!!! @Number10press @number10gov @acgrayling #fbpe #ofoc 
1/ Brexit has finally broken my mum 
Disgrace that EU quota rules force fishermen to discard half the fish they catch to try to find what they are allowed to keep. Bad environmemtally and economically. It's why we needed to escape the disastrous CFP asap with Brexit and have new, decent discard free British policy  
More in Common with each other than with either May or Corbyn?@nick_clegg , Michael Heseltine, and @Andrew_Adonis working together to fight #BrexitI suspect I'm not alone in thinking it would be helpful if this extended to all areas not just an #ExitFromBrexit 
Not as furious as voters will soon be with them. There’s not one part of the Brexit promise that won’t turn out to be an epochal con.  
TELEGRAPH: Blue Brexit passports to be made in Europe #tomorrowspaperstoday 
We've reached the point where the case for the Union comprises of the assertion that it is "precious". No wonder they don't want another referendum. 
#Brexit won't be stopped until our Government is overwhelmed by circumstances & events. The legal cases are vital & so are investigative journalists like @carolecadwalla & @J_amesp - Until then our Government will behave as though everything is fine. #StopBrexit #FinalSayForAll 
Please retweet and/or pass on to those who may be interested in our study of #Brexit and Scottish Business.  
Should Nigel Farage have dumped dead fish in the Thames during a #Brexit protest? @Nigel_Farage #FarageOnLBC #Farage RETWEET & VOTE  #YourVoiceMatters 
“The government confirmed this week if Parliament vote down Theresa May's Brexit deal in the autumn that we will quit the EU with no deal. After May's ridiculous transition deal brexiteer MP's now have every reason to vote down May's deal & by default make us leave on WTO rules” 
Blue #Brexit  passport with be produced by a Dutch company in the #EU. You couldn't make this up. The contract will be awarded by #Brexit Ministers. Comedy knows no barriers.  
Brexit is a coup: Johnson, Leadsom, Mogg, Wigmore, Mercer, Banks, Hands, Davis, Farage, IDS, Fox, Redwood, Gove, Dacre, Murdoch, IEA Snowden, Trump, Koch, Bannon, Hintze, Odey, Ashcroft, Hoey, Patel, Jeremy Hosking, Edmiston, Peter Cruddas 
Why not warn the country of the poverty the final Brexit deal brings our country @Keir_Starmer, why not warn we will vote against it, why not demand a truly meaningful vote, why not use the impact studies. The final deal fails our six tests.This is weak. 
Young people reject Brexit, making this clear during the referendum. Nothing less than remaining a member will do, which is why Inspire EU, with @OFOCBrexit and @YEM_UK will be taking the fight directly to MP’s, and campaigning to ensure our futures are not a disaster #FBPE 
Lords wrap up for the night with the key headline that the govt is withdrawing its proposals for devolution after Brexit to reflect on other suggestions, notably this one:  
The government is using the lie that the referendum was mandatory & the totalitarian notion of the "Will of the People" to justify overthrowing Parliamentary democracy on #Brexit. @acgrayling @Andrew_Adonis @thomasbrake @Anna_Soubry @SebDance #StopBrexit 
We are #Together4Yes and we are a step closer to the referendum in the Dáil Tonight #repealthe8th 
Brexit this week...The blue passports will be FrenchGrown men are throwing dead British fish in the river to prove a pointNeil Hamilton wants more pro Brexit 9 year olds to represent balance on tv.I’m telling people I’m from anywhere other than the UK. 
Brexit passports to be made in France! You couldn’t make it up.   
Very good piece by @CharlesTannock “But it is also possible that by the time the UK’s citizens and leaders see Brexit from their allies’ perspective – as a selfish and destructive act of betrayal – it will be too late.”  
Brexit. #giftthatkeepsgiving 
Glum Tory faces on the benches as @ScotParl passes the EU #continuitybill, hours after the Welsh Assembly does likewise. Both Scotland and Wales have voted to protect devolution in the event of agreement not being reached with the UK Govt over the UK withdrawal bill. #Brexit  
You've got to love how cute they are. Every single opportunity they've had to bring people together & they have simply throw away because they're so arrogant they think they're the only ones with the right answers. Scotland & Northern Ireland voted to Remain but hard Brexit it is  
This week we've learnt of Cambridge Analytica's methods which may have subverted democracy & we've heard a Brexit Minister overrule the will of Parliament.We could leave the EU with a devastating no deal on an illicit referendum. We expect outrage from Labour's Brexit team.  
the new iconic traditional blue British post-Brexit passports will be made in France, once again we must give thanks to the comedy-gods up there  
Tomorrow's front page ... MSPs vote to save Holyrood from power grab: Brexit Minister Michael Russell welcomes resounding resultPlus - Constitutional crisis … what does it mean for Westminster?  
NEW: Cambridge Analytica supertanker smashes into Brexit. Watch CA director Brittany Kaiser at  launch next to @Arron_banks. Then read how she intro-ed computer hackers to Cambridge Analytica employees 
Government has confirmrf that Parliament will debate vote to REVERSE BREXIT on April 23rd. I wonder if, this time, we will hear something different to that bloody ridiculous soundbite, "will of the people " and @theresa_may finally accepts the majority now want to #StopBrexit 
An absolute stand-out example of planning, organisation, negotiation, consensus building, tenacity & sheer hard graft from @Feorlean & team. Well done Michael, Scotland owes you one! #ContinuityBill #brexit  
Another triumph of the rule of law. When tens of thousands of Arizonans act according to the law to refer a bill to the ballot, that means the people get to have their say. #referendum #AZ08 
The links between #SCL, #CambridgeAnalytica and the #tories are all coming out today, despite #TheresaMay's denial. I look forward to the government being held to account *struggling to keep straight face*.#CambridgeAnalyticaUncovered #PMQs #Brexit #ToriesOut2018 
Tonight at City Hall we recognised the contribution Chinese businesses and the thriving Chinese community make to London. As Mayor I’m committed to strengthening trade and cultural links with China – a vital relationship after Brexit. #LondonIsOpen 
Proud to have spoken tonight for #ContinuityBill. The UK EU Withdrawal Bill seeks to undermine devolution. The @ScotParl is the only place where Scottish interests are put first and must be defended. We should make no apology for safeguarding it and Scotland during #Brexit 
The big lie that an advisory referendum was mandatory and the totalitarian notion of the "Will of the People" are now being used by the government to justify overthrowing Parliamentary democracy with respect to #Brexit#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Brexit in ruins: British Government Betray the British People. Open Borders Until 2022. The deal is done!  WE SAY NO!Sign the petition:  
Mark Zuckerberg knew data abuse and fake news were issues long before the 2016 elections. We needed him to do something about it then, when Brexit and Trump were still preventable, not shrug his shoulders and say oops in 2018.  
The Folly of Brexit - Chapter One; Farage gets elected to represent the UK. He is co-opted onto a fisheries committee. He fails to represent the UK by attending only one meeting out of 42, then complains that the EU are ravaging the fishing industry. UK votes leave. 
Interesting that the two closest upsets in recent memory, Brexit and Trump, had deep Cambridge Analytic involvement.  
36th Constitutional Amendment Bill to hold referendum to #repealthe8th has passed all stages in Dáil Éireann. Now moves on to Seanad Éireann. Looking forward to debate there. A referendum by end of May remains very much on track #togetherforyes Trust women & trust their doctors 
Legislation to allow for a referendum on the Eighth Amendment has been passed by the Dáil by 97 votes to 25. 
BREAKING: #Dáil approves bill for referendum on the 8th Amendment, with TDs voting 97 to 25 to sanction a public vote. Bill now goes to Seanad.  
The #Dáil has just passed #Repealthe8th 97 votes to 25 votes. This is historic moment brought by the thousands of campaigners around the country. Now let's get out and win Yes vote in referendum!#dubw #time4choice #8thRef @RosaWomen 
Thank you to all involved particularly the Parliamentary staff and my civil service team ..MSPs pass Scottish alternative Brexit legislation - BBC News  
UK media approaching a serious problem - Can it continue reporting #CambridgeAnalytics Trump scandal without mentioning #Brexit?If it becomes impossible & starts reporting - a govt carrying out #Brexit in such an environment becomes ridiculous - politics will lose credibility. 
Theresa May has been warned that her Brexit deal will be voted down in the House of Commons unless she tears up “unacceptable” transition proposals for fishing 
Why no question about Cambridge Analytica and the EU referendum? People involved with it claimed that it 'won the vote for Leave' - where are the questions, BBC? "BBC News - Cambridge Analytica: What we know so far  
Over the past fortnight Scotland can see what an emboldened Tory party really amounts to: austerity by choice - brexit by accident - capitulation by design. Selling out Scottish interests with impunity, reverting to full London control all whilst trying to undermine devolution. 
According to openDemocracyUK, the Constitutional Research Council, fronted by Scottish Tory Richard Cook, donated £425,000 to the DUP’s Brexit campaign. These are the AggregateIQ invoices for work they did for them.  
So the “Scottish” Tory Members of the Scottish Parliament do not want our Parliament protected by the #ContinuityBill Why are they in there? Why are we paying them to represent their constituents who overwhelmingly voted against #Brexit then betraying them by supporting it. 
This evening I voted for the #continuitybill in the Scottish Parliament. I regret that we may need it, just as I regret the whole #Brexit process. However, it is the duty of every MSP to do all that they can to protect our Parliament. Those who voted against, failed in that duty. 
If this Cambridge Analytica brouhaha goes where it looks like it is going, it gives Britain the perfect justification to hold a second referendum and put an end to the self-harming BREXIT nonsense. And what an example that would set for the US... 
A reminder to university managers sweatily contriving ways to validate degrees on flimsy criteria: THE WORLD WILL BE WATCHING.Driving away global talent AND making UK higher ed a global laughingstock right before Brexit takes effect? Solid plan!#USSstrikes @ucu @UcuYork 
Retweet to show your support for our fishing industry.#CommonFisheriesPolicy#LBCLIVE @Nigel_Farage#Brexit#bbcqt #bbcdp#PMQs#fishermen 
Welsh Assembly this evening passed the EU Continuity Bill - a piece of constitutional legislation aimed at ensuring Tory Govt’s power grab of devolved powers set out in the their EU Withdrawal Bill is stopped. This was not in the Brexit ballot paper and we need to fight it. 
Out in Montrose today delivering Angus SNP team leaflet. Met an elderly man who had received our leaflet. Said he had been a true blue Tory but was now going to vote SNP because of Brexit. 
Britain's Scottish Conservatives isolated in vote on Scottish Continuity Bill, not a good look for them on devolution #Brexit  
This is the most extreme attack on Parliamentary Sovereignty since 1945, and quite possibly for much longer. We are no longer merely fighting against #Brexit we are fighting against an attempt to impose the fascistic system of plebiscitary dictatorship on the UK. 
.@Feorlean"Brexit will be bad for Scotland and we need to keep making that point" #continuitybill 
While the revelations about #CambridgeAnalytica cast more light on the chicanery & deceit of the Trump-Brexit right, we should remember that the primary whipping up of the visceral emotions of fear, hate & grandiosity was done by the right-wing press.#StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
Interesting: “there was a link with Vote Leave, and the data company they used in their referendum efforts: Aggregate IQ  ...an intellectual property licence seems to have been uncovered between SCL (that created Cambridge Analytica) and Aggregate IQ.”  
People are outraged I dumped dead fish in the Thames during a Brexit protest. But was I right? #FarageOnLBC 
Thanks for coming to Dublin @nick_clegg and for a good discussion on #Brexit and Irish-British relations.  
I myself was a committed remainer, but owing to some Facebook posts I made, I was targeted by the Brexit campaign.As a consequence I set fire to my second home in France, dumped my Spanish girlfriend of 12 years, drove my BMW into an EU flagpole and voted to leave. 
Australian High Commissioner Alexander Downer - "You've always done pretty well as a country, you'll work your way through #Brexit and there's no need to be too pessimistic."  
I rarely agree with Tavish Scott, but it's hard to argue with his verdict that Adam Tomkins' closing "Brexit is Brill" contribution was one of the worst speeches made in the 19-year history of the Scottish Parliament. 
Nigel Farage - "We need a PM that says, I’m sorry, fishing is the acid test for #Brexit, the ultimate image of our sovereignty, and we are going to take them back."Mrs May, you’ve talked tough on Russia, please talk tough on this at the European summit tomorrow." #Brexit  
I guess it could be argued that Brexit is corrupt to the core?Orchestrated by Old Etonions, foreigners, and traitors?That’s not very patriotic.#CambridgeAnalytica#CambridgeAnalyticaUncovered#StopBrexit#StopBrexitSaveBritain#BrexitFraud#Brexit#BrexitLies 
Here's the first paragraph in the draft #Brexit guidelines that the EU27 have been haggling over all week where they welcome progress on the Withdrawal Agreement and a few other things (incl Gibraltar). Hope you think it's been worth the wait.  
Bertie Armstrong (SFF Chairman) - "Access to the waters needs to be under the control of the United Kingdom. What the EU are asking for is actually worse than the present deal." #Brexit  
Sorry @johnRedwood but PM @theresa_may & Mr @jeremycorbyn are determined to give UK a Brexit in name only while at the same time picking our pockets of £billions to keep funding THEIR millionaire pals in the undemocratic EU.  
UK economy on the brink of massive breakdown, brexit is truly a nightmare for business, last recession 2008 was minus 2 %, brexit is forecast by Tory government at minus 8 % it's going to be a real bloodbath indeed  
The vote on the #ContinuityBill @ScotParl, which is designed to help protect Scotland from a Tory Brexit power grab, will be taking place shortly. You can watch it live here:  
OK, just to clarify. This isn't me defending the Brexit transition deal. It's IAIN Martin. As far as I'm concerned, the Brexit transition deal can disappear up its own fanny until it reaches its fucking pancreas. Thank you for your attention.  
IF Brexit is your priority then you have to VOTE TACTICALLY. There’s no other way to be heard as an #remain voice. These are exceptional times. It’s a one off local election. To stop Brexit we have one last chance. TIME HAS RUN OUT. It’s now or never. #WATON #ABTV 
BREAKING; READ the Arizona Supreme Court's unanimous 4-page decision keeping the school vouchers referendum on the November ballot. 
Jacob Rees-Mogg - "People were promised we would take back control on the 30th of March 2019."That’s now been delayed and that could potentially be disastrous for our fishing communities, who of course were the biggest losers when we joined the EEC in 1973." #Brexit  
In defence of the Brexit transition deal. (My latest for Reaction @reactionlife) 
As MSPs begin their final debate of the Holyrood Brexit bill, the National Assembly of Wales has just passed its continuity bill - the Law Derived from the European Union (Wales) Bill  
Malou was enjoying a much needed sun treatment, humans were very busy today so we couldn't play outside. But the humans did get to vote #gemeenteraadsverkiezingen & a #Referendum Tomorrow we are hoping to play outside, but it is definately gonna rain. Paws crossed!  
EVERYONE did NOT have a vote in the #Brexit refSadly you are misinformed.A gerrymandered electorate, an advisory non binding ref.....it's a travesty May is pushing an extremely hard brexit. Wholly undemocratic. Plain wrong. #Remain 
#Brexit loonies throw edible fish into the Thames while many Londoners use #foodbanks. Men of the people? My foot! 
“FISH! IMMIGRATION! BLUE PASSPORTS!”Brexit Britain.  
BREAKING: Here are the results of the SGA/SPA elections.•SGA President: Grant Henry•SGA Vice President: Austin Wendt•SPA Vice President: Quynnlynnette Nguyen•Student media referendum passed•SPA logo #1 passed 
This very good thread reminds us of the kind of muck-spreading being done by Leave (with Cambridge Analytica help?) before the referendum: outright lies, in line with Mr Nix’s dictum about ‘not facts but beliefs’:  
Chicago's vote in Cook County's marijuana legalization referendum. Voters approved of it by a rather high margin. #ilgov #twill 
Everything and I mean everything is about getting out of the EU as quickly as possible, no matter what.I do not think that even if the Tories did not keep any seats in the local elections it would make any difference to 29th March 2019May is controlled by the Brexit Taliban. 
Between haddocks and Hitler you might've thought UK politics was done for the day. WRONG. Peers are going to get their first real chance to debate the govt's proposals for devolution and Brexit from c. 6.30pm 
Congratulations to #Worcester MP and Brexit minister @WalkerWorcester who’s become a father! A little girl, Hermione, born at 7lbs exactly. Congrats to @CCK_Keenan too... 
I’ll eat my other  if Corbyn doesn’t three-line-whip his MPs to vote for May’s crappy Brexit deal in the Autumn. 
 WATCH: I do not support this transition deal on fishing. I cannot and will not support any final deal that doesn’t deliver for our fishermen. There is still a huge #Brexit prize to be won for the industry and only the Conservatives are committed to getting out of the CFP   
Specialists from across the Library have collaborated on this - an in-depth analysis of the latest draft #WithdrawalAgreement. Get the details here  #Brexit  
And the fact that @theresa_may isn't kicking up a fuss is because what #CambridgeAnalytica did in 2016 was exactly what the @Conservatives wanted. If if illegal it helped the achieve #Brexit so exactly what @jeremycorbyn wanted as well. Which is why @jeremycorbyn is also silent.  
Brexit can pave the way for a northern renaissance with a new Free Port on Teesside, says @CallumJohnC and @SimonClarkeMP 
One thing I took away from Brussels today - transition is only possible as part of the withdrawal agreement, which the EU27 will only sign off if the backstop on Northern Ireland is included. Solidarity is more than rhetoric. #brexit  
Dear @jeremycorbyn any #Brexit apart from the UK staying in the Customs Union & Single Market will force the UK to offer more inducements to international capital to invest here, which will make the UK more like a tax haven. That's why the Tories want it. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
On the politics though, it is interesting that any Better Together type logic seems to have died a death in both Liberal and Labour camps on the Brexit Bill. 
I’m so sorry to lose you and your family, Germany’s gain is UK’s loss.  #Brexit is madness and must and can be stopped #ExitFromBrexit 
BREAKING: AZ Supreme Court rules referendum on school voucher bill, Prop. 305, will be on the ballot in November.  
Fascinating meetings with UK officials, companies and EU27 colleagues.Now clear to me PM is fixated on 29th March 2019 - come what may.Govt’s only goal is to get over the line, “Brexit”, and leave all difficult decisions to transition.This would be phenomenally reckless. 
It's been confirmed that, subject to a transitional deal, Roaming Regs will stop applying to the UK after #Brexit. As a consequence, UK providers will no longer be subject to the obligation not to charge for the use in the EU of roaming services.  Roaming charges could be back! 
Great to see @ScotParl vote unanimously to embed environmental principles in the #Brexit #ContinuityBill.@cdundas: "Our political representatives at their best, working together to restore Scotland's environment"Now hoping for same from UK Parliament for UK Withdrawal Bill 
My remarks at the #TripartiteSocialSummit on trade, #Brexit and Russia:  
SCL parent company of Cambridge Analytica packed full of Tory Donors Treasurers Chairmen  involved in election rigging micro data fake news for Trumps victory+Brexit! Theresa May is the leader of the Tory Party!! FFS! This is an absolute National Scandal!  
There is something pretty fishy between Cambridge Analytica,  and the EU referendum. They really cannot get their story straight. 
The Trump and Brexit campaigns – aided and abetted by Russian hackers and trolls, conservative billionaires, and the brainiacs of firms like Cambridge Analytica – drove its disinformation through the people we like to trust: our friends. 
Theresa May's "marriage of convenience" with the DUP is preventing her from taking courageous decisions on the long-term future of the UK post-Brexit, Nick Clegg said  
The Gov't got annihilated in the quest for a special trade deal for the City of London and the financial services it hosts. 1) The Brexit illusion of better trade deals and bespoke exemptions is proven to be a mirage. 2) Gov't is making a mess of Brexit. 
Devolution makes Brexit more complicated for the UK government. Well, tough. The UK is now, albeit informally, a quasi-federal state.  
Thread - George Orwell quotes from 1946, *arguably* applying to current #Brexit 2018 UK context. I leave them without comment - feel free to engage and discuss. #intellectualdiversity  
BREAKSIT REALITY-for 1 EU national I was not eligible to vote in the referendum.I haven't got an automatic right to stay in UK which has been my home for several decades.Having a British spouse does NOT guarantee a right to stay for EU citizens established here that incls me. 
WELL DONE BREXITERS-for foisting Brexit upon us ensuring GBPs value plummets causing a bloodbath on UKs High Street-Carpetright stores will close, B&Q & Moss Bros reveal sales woe & Claire's Accessories files for bankruptcy  
I will thank @Nigel_Farage for the rest of my days for achieving Brexit no one else ever achieved more in modern politics 
In 3yrs the American President should be ready to start our World Apology Tour... I'd say sooner but Pence is a dirtbag too. Forgive US for electing a Russian agent as @POTUS - The Brits (Brexit) will join US once they find out just how deep the conspiracy went. #WednesdayWisdom 
The "great British Brexit robbery" article by @carolecadwalla was 7th May 2017.A 9th May snapshot of that page lists the UK MoD as a client.By 14th May their logo and name has been removed from the page. 
age: 45 ishprofession: succesful media personpolitics: STOP BREXIT (I slag off labour, say how good anna soubry is) other political interests: low key transphobia.what do you think of corbyn: a loon! (i have no student debt, multiple properties and i privately educate my kids) 
Here's Guy Verhofstadt.. Hitting Farage With A Dose Of Cold, Hard Reality!!  #Brexit #Farage #Fishing 
Met with @nick_clegg, @Andrew_Adonis and Michael Heseltine alongside @DarraghOBrienTD earlier today, some very straight talk on the risks of a border due to #Brexit.  
@Rachael_Swindon @UKDemockery The nadir of Brexit lunacy. Farage and his tax dodging cartel throwing food in the sea half a mile from a food bank. An industry betrayed and destroyed by a gang of hate crippled, avaricious lunatics  
Nearly 50% of Fianna Fáil TDs voted against having referendum on the 8th amendment. That's 18 men & 3 women, from their party, who after all the debate, still don't think we should even have a vote on the issue. 
I'm too nice to name and shame, but when I asked a Leave voter the reason why they supported Brexit, they replied.........(wait for it)..................."cos the EU is too European."Yes, seriously.#StopBrexit#UnitedToStopBrexit 
Anti-Brexit campaigner @thatginamiller urges all EU citizens living in UK to register to vote in the May elections. "Your voices can be heard, the millions of EU citizens who can vote, must vote" 
This should win prize on how to combat Brexit. Go local. Go factual. Go outside London  @RolandRudd @JamesMcGrory @Andrew_Adonis @campbellclaret @annasoubrymp @florianeder @mk1969 @IanDunt 
MPs have warned that abandoning regulatory alignment with the EMA following Brexit could have a major negative impact on the quality of healthcare in the UK.... and they're not wrong. Patient access to new drugs & patient safety are on the line:  
Yes, I’m in Dublin discussing Brexit with Foreign Minister Simon Coveney, along with Michael Heseltine & Nick Clegg. Huge concern here about the Irish border  
Solid support from German Chancellor Angela Merkel re Ireland’s position on #Brexit during Taoiseach @campaignforleo’s visit to Berlin. 
Wonderful irony in the House of Lords, always seen as a lofty bastion of privilege, now fighting for the people on Brexit against the elites 
The Marr family is on The Times rich list. They are a big business. Sorry to bore long term followers by repeating this yet again. But it can't be said enough. AIM benefits financially from Brexit and end to quotas 
HMS Brexit sticks it to the man – by tossing two dead fish overboard | John Crace  
Three companies own nearly two-thirds of England's fishing quota. One of those - Andrew Marr International  (no relation) owns 12%. AIM backs Brexit and seems to be connected to Fishing for Leave. During the Brexit Flotilla - Farage and co were on an Andrew Marr vessel. 
Brexit is about a shouty, over-privileged few making a once great country utterly uninhabitable for the many. 
Mike @Feorlean Russell says today's amendments to the Brexit bill are "thought-provoking", although in the case of @ProfTomkins opening effort "the thoughts they provoke are not entirely positive ones" 
We go now live to Brexit.  
The gvt. is being unacceptably complacent in regards to aviation. #Brexit does not guarantee full market access for UK airlines to the EU & vice-versa, after 2021.This uncertainty threatens Britain’s flight connections to global markets, particularly at regional airports. 
Your daily reminder that once the planned Brexit transition ends on January 1st 2021, everyone under 22.5 years old will be having a future forced upon them that they were not allowed to vote on.#FBPE 
Secretary of State for Northern Ireland is unable to answer my question on the #IrishBorder. Legitimate questions deserve proper answers not the same old Tory rhetoric #Brexit  
Cambridge Analytica used the personal data of millions of Facebook users to sway the outcomes of the US presidential election and the UK Brexit referendum. But its reach extended much further - they supported more than 100 campaigns across five continents.  
Andrew Neil “have you heard anything?”LauraK doing hand movements “people looking for clues and links wherever they can find them” FFS! British Psyos Corp stacked full of Tories involved in election rigging Trump+Brexit!! Two of biggest selections ever!! 
Dail votes decisively for referendum bill at second stage, so far no amendments submitted so may finish all stages tonight, another important milestone towards giving people their say #repealthe8th @Together4yes 
I’m sure I’m not the first to propose this but I suggest throwing MPs into the Thames in protest against Brexit.  
Andrew Neil LauraK amazing double act on Theresa May’s Basketcase Tories subverting democracy micro data profiling Fake News Trump Brexit election rigging.. “I never knew oh well it’s nothing really” Laurel fcknHardy imagine it was Corbyn! National Scandal  
SCL parent company of Cambridge Analytica stacked full of Tory Donors Treasurers Chairmen  involved in election rigging micro data fake news for Trumps victory+Brexit! Theresa May is the leader of the Tory Party!! FFS! This is an absolute National Scandal!  
That's another month of economic data and still no Brexit disaster. So the Remoaners will have another glum month. 
Thank you to all my followers for your consistent support. Every day I am campaigning on your behalf - for freedom, democracy, and most importantly, a proper Brexit! Let's push it to 30,000 by the end of today - share the message!  
Every time we ask the UK to come up with something they haven't. So we come up with an option and they sign up, says a jaded EU diplomat on #Brexit talks 
The question is, not merely whether it was 'fair' for Cambridge Analytica to try and swing the Brexit vote, but WHO was paying for this to happen, and why did they want it to happen? 
Conservative Voters Back Labour’s Brexit Policy On Customs Union:  
WATCH: Today's Westmonster Uncensored featured @fishingforleave's Aaron Brown discussing the government's betrayal of UK fisheries.Brexit transition deal is 'a death sentence for what’s left of the UK fishing industry'.  
Second Stage of Referendum Bill passes Dail by large majority this afternoon. On to Committee Stage this evening from 8.40pm #togetherforyes 
Normal advertising is subject to all sorts of laws and people can see where its coming from.  No wonder Trump supporters and Brexit supporters have so much anger, they have been spoon fed custom made hate filled propaganda for over two years 
Legislation allowing a referendum on the Eighth Amendment will go to Committee stage after the Bill was backed by 110 votes to 32 in the Dáil #together4yes 
A lackey: Hey guys, guess what? We've got crates of dead fish. Let's donate them to a kitchen that serves the homeless.Brexiteer: I got a better idea. Let's throw them into the Thames to prove we have absolutely no concern whatsoever about the UK's poor.#Brexit #foodpoverty 
#Brexit no longer about trade, laws or anything much EuropeanIt's an impassioned desperate plea from the depths of the English PsycheA posh1920s style man sadly waves from shore as a pint drinking man theatrically throws dead fish in the sea in a protest at the modern world.  
I’m going to make a wager with you now, gang. Here’s my bet:Should - post Brexit - the British fishing industry continue to decline and it turns out they’ll need subsidy to survive, a grand total of zero of those MPs and journalists backing today’s protest will be in favour. 
The @Conservatives seem to be deeply embroiled with Cambridge Analytica & SDL. For @theresa_may to say that they have no CURRENT contracts with them is not good enough. The Referendum & GE need to be investigated . #BrexitFraud #BrexitBetraysBritain 
WATCH - Brexiteer Tells James O'Brien To Stop Giving Her Facts During Argument  / #EU #Brexit  
Mark my words: #Brexit, and certainly a hard version outside the Customs Union & other EU arrangements, will definitely mean more internal immigration controls in the UK, and these will include ID cards for all Brits, even if dressed up with some other name. 
Focus: Why won’t Whitehall show us the bill for those Brexit experts?  
The margin that Trump won in the places that he won was minuscule...like the #Leave win. Another clue that #BigData micro-analytics may have played a part. The beauty  for mischief makers  is that the tiny vote margins  deepens dissension.#CambridgeAnalytica-#Brexit,  
Gary Lineker takes down Nigel Farage – hook, line and sinker  #NigelFarage #brexit #fish 
BRILLIANT... Exposing Farage for the charlatan he is. Well said Mr Verhofstadt  / #EU #Brexit #Farage #Fishing 
Imagine all the positive energy lost in #Scotland having to deal with UK Unionist crap day-in day-out, could and should be used to build a wonderful progressive caring society with #independence #brexit #LifeIsTooShort 
Just watched PMQ - What a load of sh!T our politicians are - Hardly anything about Brexit sellout & @Jacob_Rees_Mogg Said nothing - WHAT A DISAPPOINTMENT 
Brexit FURY: Redwood EXPLODES at Government in Commons for 'unacceptable' transition deal  
When you think that Remain campaigning was led by Cameron and Corbyn backed by Tories who've almost all transmogrified into rabid Brexiters, while Leave had the support of 80% of the press by circulation it's amazing that #Remain even got 48% of the vote. #StopBrexit #Brexit 
The second stage of the referendum bill has passed on the same day that regulations brought forward by @SimonHarrisTD which will crack down on rogue crisis pregnancy agencies for the first time in the state got through the Oireachtas 
I find myself asking why the #Remain campaign let themselves get labelled "Project fear" when the real "Project fear", hate and lies was that unleashed by the Leave side. Why didn't the Remain campaign respond forcefully? There's a bad smell there. #StopBrexit #Brexit  
Dail approves second reading of bill to hold a referendum on the Eighth Amendment 110 to 32. As the vote was read out, @KZapponeTD held her hands across her chest and closed her eyes and nodded. 
110 yes - 32 no in the Dail.  So we've passed the second stage WAHOO.  Final stage from 730ish and then all going well it's referendum time.  #RepealThe8th #together4Yes 
Our second edition @EveningStandard as PM questioned on Tory Brexit links to Cambridge Analytica  
Jesus Christ a company stacked choc full of Tories who have been involved in micro data Fake News Trumps victory and same with Brexit and some journalists are like.. oh!! It’s nothing 
The Dail has passed the the 2nd stage of the #8thRef bill by 110 to 32. We are one step closer to a referendum! @Together4yes 
Michael Gove threatens EU with 'consequences' if they pillage UK waters during 'sub-optimal' Brexit transition  
Nigel Farage and other Brexiteers dump fish in the river Thames in protest to the Government's Brexit transition deal, which says the UK will only be "consulted" on fishing quotas  
110-32 #repealthe8th passes second stage. Final stages tonight hopefully and then on to referendum. 
A line was crossed...@CathMurphyTD calls on Deputy Healy-Rae to apologise and withdraw his comments made in relation to the referendum bill on the Eight Amendment in the #Dail last night. #socdems 
.@Dr_PhilippaW: I asked Tory Brexit minister David Davis what the basis would be for one sector to escape the transition deal, when the UK has asked for a status quo transition. He just blathered on & said we'll do it. So it's the fact that people have been lied to by the Tories.  
Dear #FBPE 'sPlease take 5 minutes of your day to report @Nigel_Farage for fly tipping animal carcasses into the Thames. Use Westminster Bridge as the map location and then follow on from there with the web form. #Thames #fish #BrexitShambles #Brexit  
The Cambridge Analytica furore is driven by the same contempt for ordinary voters that delivered Trump and Brexit in the first place, writes @Norm_Lewis 
Our editorial @EveningStandard on Facebook, Cambridge Analytica and the Brexit links - follow the money  
Filming with @Jacob_Rees_Mogg for @daily_politics this morning re fishermen #protest on the Thames because Britain will remain in the Common Fisheries Policy post-#Brexit @ElizabethGlinka @Filmquotebloke 
We are approaching the Brexit cliff edge. It really is time to forget tribal politics and for sensible politicians to work together openly. @ChukaUmunna @Anna_Soubry @thomasbrake @CarolineLucas @IanBlackfordMP Dominic Grieve MP. + Many more. 
.@CathMurphyTD has today called on Deputy Danny Healy-Rae to apologise for hurt caused to many by his comments made during the #Dáil debate on referendum bill on the Eighth Amendment.  
Tory MP wrong on SNP fishing stanceReality is if you getting damage of Brexit should be getting mitigation of fishing changesTories foisting worst of all worlds.  #pmqs#GiveAwayControl 
Sir Nick Clegg, Lord Heseltine and Lord Adonis are in Dublin on a cross party mission to warn of the impact of Brexit on the island of Ireland.  
PM says #Brexit “implementation period” will involve operating “on the same basis”So it’s not implementing anything then, is it?! #pmqs 
Tory and DUP rebels unite in threat to block Brexit transition deal  
The risk of Spanish ambitions over Gibraltar torpedoing any Brexit deals has been obvious since September yet was regularly dismissed or ignored by many UK commentators. It's as if the UK is condemned to repeat the same mistakes over and over 
Theresa May’s Tories at the heart of election rigging Trumps victory at the heart of Brexit election rigging.. a national scandal.. Tories up to their necks in data targeting fake news corruption and anti democracy #PMQs 
Do you think @MBuhari is working as a puppet for the external hand and that is why he is not willing to give referendum to the people of Biafra? @NGRPresident @BoBiafra @BlessedBiafrans #Patv #AfricaMatters: @MatsangaDr @linda_alela @gichurer @BabuBiko @samuel_tarwish 
Last month, @Theresa_May suggested that the EU's refusal to accept her offer for close security cooperation after Brexit would amount to putting “political doctrine and ideology” first. The irony wasn't lost on the EU27, says @CharlesTannock 
I thought it was Russians that rigged Trumps victory i thought it was Russians that rigged Brexit!!! Turns out it was Theresa May’s Tories.. Cambridge Analytica is Tory Establishment FFS!! It’s a national scandal!!! #PMQs 
"The Achilles Heel of #Brexit is the NI Border" - good to have solid support in Dublin today from Lord Michael Heseltine, Lord Andrew Adonis and Sir Nick Clegg @DarraghOBrienTD @DonnellyStephen #BigPrinciples 
The real 'project fear' and hate pumped out by Leave_EU - appealing to basic emotions and fears. Was this the result of advice given by by #CambridgeAnalytica?#StopBrexit #Brexit  
Sarcastic tweets & a silly pun, Having banter, sharing fun,Forest Friends makes me chuckle,Jokes that are near the knuckle.Despairing at a world gone mad,Brexit & the Tories make me sad.Unsolicited dick pics! What a shocker!Is that your thumb my old cocker? 
BREAKING! Man who claims organising Brexit deal should be 'easy' literally fails to organise simple boat trip on the Thames  
Time for Tory UK Govt to follow @theSNP @scotgov lead & retain benefits of #EU Charter of Fundamental of Rights for all citizens in the UK #brexit #ScotlandsPlaceInEurope #FBPE #humanrights 
Nigel Farage on the Thames Brexit boat: "We've given away all our fish to the foreign fleets. And what has Theresa May done about it? Nothing!"  
Imagine being so aloof that you believed #Brexit came about because of targeted social media advertising. Most people don't live online. They have real lives. #cambridgeanalytica story has truly exposed the contempt of the elite for the general public. 
Since the referendum, the government has made (and broken) at least seven promises about the Brexit transition period. It turns out it is not like building a bridge, but like being forced to walk the plank. … 
12/ Fishing important in #brexit political terms:1 simple industry idea to communicate2 harks back to idealised past3 sustain. fish management clashes with ideas of strict borders4 old ideas abt how trade worksIt’s romanticism as policy - its 19th century village patriotism 
Cambridge Analytica stinks to high heaven. Are these cynical nerds responsible for both Trump & Brexit?Is it time to #deletefacebook? 
#CambridgeAnalyticaUSA #May #Elections #Brexit #PMQS Tory Govt Hiding Financial Mismanagement And Corruption - UK 1950s Women In Dire Straights, Many Suicidal with delay of 6 yrs added to their SP - Little or No Notice - @2020Comms @waspi_campaign @IanBlackfordMP @CarolineLucas 
OPTIMISM: Aussie High Commissioner wants Brits to be cheerful about Brexit - 'You're a wonderful country!'If only British politicians were so positive about our global future! 
Today in Brexit:  
The UK's most senior judge has warned the government's Brexit legislation could leave the judiciary at risk of "appearing to make a political decision"  
Good to see @theSNP MPs today pressing SOS NI Karen Bradley on the issue of the Irish Border. Still no answers from the British Government on how they plan to stop a hard border in Ireland #Brexit #NIQuestions 
9/ English fishermen -Brexit campaign stalwarts -actually need to get agreement so they can continue fishing EU waters....& #Brexit which may lead to Scottish Independence risks losing much of UK waters English fishermen thought "belonged to them".Again the media forget this.. 
Looks like Brexiteers aren't the only ones who believe in unicorns!!! Germany has them too! Fairly sure these are a distinct species of EUnicorns though! FYI you don't need to believe in magic, to believe in the EU -it's real, unlike #Brexit fantasy nonsense  
Anti-Brexit protest this weekend will be biggest Newcastle has seen, say organisers  
8 MEPs including mise will be visiting a number of EU funded projects in Belfast & Derry over next few days There is no chance the British Gov would have funded such projects Brexit is bad for our society German MEPsBritish MEPs MEPs from Netherlands, Cyprus & Croatia + me  
The Jacob Rees-Mogg fishing protest didn’t go entirely to plan and everyone’s making the same joke  #JacobReesMogg #NigelFarage #brexit #fish 
A tiny detail I know but apparently it's a standard procedure that you have to book in advance to dock, who knew things could be so complicated? Never a brewery around when you want a piss up!A Brexiter organised protest going around in circles, a perfect metaphor for Brexit.  
To be fair, @POTUS44 called Putin after his 2012 vote. But that was before Putin rolled into Crimea, or meddled in 2016 US elex or Brexit. And 44 was criticized by Republicans for calling him, as there were signs that vote was rigged, too. 
Nigel Farage dumps dead fish in Thames in protest over Brexit transition deal  
4/ More people are employed in fish processing industry than as "fishermen". Its amazing how many dont get this -& is heavily EU single mkt dependent! -trade, travel, EU workers etc#Brexit as policy to save fishing industry risks larger process industry 
"The Brexiteers are lost at sea with a stupid stunt like this. Today's comedy of errors is a metaphor for their Brexit plans.The people who wanted Brexit are literally polluting the place with their never-ending complaint that it wasn't exactly what they wanted."  
Customs expert Lars Karlsson cites Sweden/Norway arrangement and "smart borders" to Brexit Select Committee as solutions to the Irish border issue. Will @hilarybennmp stop using this as an excuse now to delay Brexit?Support us at  
There once was a man-frog called Nigelwho’s brexit was terribly fragile.So intent to deliver,he took to the riverto offer dead fish to his idol. #WorldPoetryDay 
Anti-Brexit campaigner @thatginamiller is urging all EU citizens to register to vote in the May elections. "Your voices can be heard," she said. "The millions of EU citizens who can vote, must vote". 
A bunch of posh rich men throwing perfectly good food into a river in a city where homelessness and food bank use is on the rise is a pretty good metaphor for brexit tbf 
Farage Leads ‘Furious’ Thames Fish-Flinging Protest at Parliament Against Brexit Deal   
Caught by their own words! @campbellclaret has recorded a tweet by  Director of Communications, Andy Wigmore claiming they used Cambridge Analytica to ‘win Brexit’  
Do you think that the @BBCNews suppresses information on the strong opposition to #Brexit ?Please RT for a large poll base. 
Don’t forget this: we either stop Brexit, or we reverse it should it happen in some form. The future of the UK is in the EU. That’s absolutely certain. Demographics & rationality guarantee it. But to limit the damage, stopping it as soon as possible is best.  
6. It seems to me that once the mandate is discharged, and the deed done, then the political clock is re-set.Remainers (Returners?) can fairly campaign for a new referendum. Parties can put EU membership in manifestos.  And Leavers will have to argue points on their merits. 
The Brexit Conservative MPs who chucked fish in the River Thames , wouldn’t it be easier if they chuck themselves in ? 
Anyone who has listened to #CambridgeAnalytica whistleblower @chrisinsilico will see all these nautical skirmishes on the Thames as a clear cut 'Build the Wall' style propaganda victory. They frame the debate about #Brexit in emotional, metaphorical terms.  
The way some Brexiters have lied to and manipulated people over fishing is one of the most shameful parts of the whole shabby Brexit debate. And yet people seem to fall for it again and again. 
The #Tories have betrayed us over #Brexit, and #Ukip no longer has any credibility. Who are we supposed to vote for now? 
The twat stood on the Brexit deckflicking dead fish in the Thames,He blamed the EUand the liberal elite,As instructed by his Soviet friends#WorldPoetryDay 
Guys, I don't really understand how dumping dead fish in the Thames is a in anyway a good protest. However the futility, poor planning and shite delivery is a perfect analogy for Brexit. 
i'm pretty sure a brexit supporter just told @mrjamesob that "we need people like you, who are clever, to help us" which is indicative of the whole brexit thing really 
That moment when you realize that as a Remainer, Jeremy Corbyn is closer to Rees-Mogg on Brexit than he is to you#FBPE 
Ever wondered how much it really costs to be part of the EU?Here's the official breakdown from one tax-payer's bill:£29 a year£2.42 a month56p a week, or 8p a dayCan someone explain how Brexit is worth the effort?To give me back control of 8p a day?#FinalSay 
No proper planning; no appreciation of the law - how familiar.Jacob Rees-Mogg blocked from Brexit fish protest - politics live   
Scotland should throw Tories into the Clyde to protest Brexit.  
Haha! Look @Nigel_Farage! Who took this picture?! It is fabulous! I couldn't agree more! #Thames #fish #BrexitShambles #Brexit  
No, Arlene. The catastrophe is Brexit#FBPE 
A legal attempt to establish that Britain could unilaterally reverse Brexit has been given a boost by Scotland's top court, which says it wants to examine the case in greater depth.#FBPE 
A number of human rights bodies & civil society representatives have this morning welcomed the @ScotGov intention to retain the EU Charter of fundamental rights in Scots law following the UK's departure from the EU:  #Brexit #AllOurRights 
UK & EU rightly want same police & security cooperation after Brexit. But legal & constitutional obstacles mean it isn’t guaranteed to happen by end of transition. @CommonsHomeAffs report urges Govt to make this priority or risk sleepwalking into a crisis 
I'm sure ordinary Britons worrying about shrinking wages, Brexit uncertainty and where the next meal is coming from will be right behind these rich fools throwing fish in the river. 
Jacob Rees-Mogg flees scene as licensing laws prevent his fish-dumping PR stunt. Nigel Farage steps in to lick up the Brexit vomit and get his face on camera and I'm trying not to do a joke involving the expression "Dogger Bank".  
We cannot protect anyone from austerity if #brexit happens - it is a contradiction in terms. Hopefully more people will turn out to march to #stopbrexit than to campaign for the country to be a wasteland for 50 years. #ABTV 
I have tried to honour the death of this noble haddock, murdered by Nigel Farage upon the altar of Brexit, with appropriate verse. Rest now, fishy warrior.  
New #brexitforensics on fishing, transition, quotas and trade ... now on #alloutpolitics : is a quick Brexit transition deal worth the price of fish? 
It’s much easier to think of Brexit being the result of dumb articles being shared by your uncle who you never liked anyway, than thinking about how such conditions were nurtured by even the pro-EU centre. 
Farage dumps dead haddock into the Thames in protest over the Brexit transition deal which he says will hit the British fishing industry  
BBC News - Brexit: Ministers suffer nuclear defeat in Lords "Peers voted by 265 to 194 to insist the UK should not withdraw from the European nuclear agreement, Euratom, until a replacement deal is in place."Well done.#brexitshambles 
#TeamJunckerEU full agenda today. Proposals for a Fair and Efficient Tax System for EU’s #DigitalSingleMarket: embracing the digital economy, correcting the fiscal distortion. Measures on listed #Tax heavens. Preparation of #EUCO, update #Brexit negotiations. Competition cases.  
Jacob Rees Mogg: "I can't get on a boat but I alone hold the key to Brexit."  
Jacob Rees-Mogg and Farave were unable to board the fishing boat on the #Embankment because they hadn't planned ahead and informed TFL. And they tell us Brexit will be easy.... 
Feb 10 2016: Alexander Nix writes that #CambridgeAnalytica had teamed up with Leave_EU and had already helped "supercharge" its social media campaign. March 18 2017: Leave_EU deny receiving services from Cambridge Analytica. #CambridgeAnalyticaUncovered#Brexit #StopBrexit 
Throwing dead fish in the Thames is the perfect analogy for brexit#fishingprotest #fishprotest #indyref2 #fbpe #abtv #MoggMentum 
Maybe we should start throwing EU27 citizens, Good Friday Agreements, E111s, ports, cars, farmers, cows, chickens, our 4 freedoms, doctors, nurses - and all the other things that Brexit is going to screw - into the Thames in protest.  
It would be a more accurate representation of Brexit if he threw workers, the car industry, the North, the NHS, the young, farmers, the Northern Ireland peace process, airlines, the poor, all manufacturers and small/medium-sized companies overboard.  
I remember when the @spectator wrote this about me in 2014 (anonymously because they’re cowards). Then UKIP got its higher ever vote share, Brexit won, Trump won, and “attack politics” have been adopted by everyone else since. Oh and now they beg Bannon for interviews. Frauds!  
This is just a bare faced lie. I actually have more respect for Gove, Johnson & Farage because they are openly pro Brexit. This is a lie to facilitate a Lexit that he has been ideologically committed to all his life.  
The Financial Times supports long jail sentences for peaceful campaigners for Catalan Independence and justifies the batoning of grandmothers waiting to vote in a referendum as "the rule of law". You know no more of liberal democracy than Nix.  
Chairman of the OBR told the Treasury select committee that cutting migration after Brexit could boost growth by encouraging businesses to innovate  
Great to be in Dublin with Michael Heseltine and Andrew Adonis for a meeting with @simoncoveney to discuss Brexit and what it means for the Irish border  
A bunch of old bigots throwing something good away for no reason whatsoever other than drawing attention to themselves. As Brexit metaphors go it's a little on the nose. 
So relieved to be living in Scotland and not England Will keep my voting rights & will use them fro #ScotRefScotland could be “significantly more democratically enfranchised” than England post-Brexit  via @TheCommonSpace 
Brexit fantasy vs reality:  
"What about Corbyn's backing for Brexit?".  "Er...the NHS". "OK, what about the Corbynite's rabid anti-Semitism". "Er...er...the NHS". "OK. What about the fact Corbyn's a threat to national security". "Er...er...er...the NHS". 
"The situation is ludicrous", Nigel Farage is protesting against the government's Brexit transition deal, saying the fishing industry will be unfairly hit  
A listing of the various anti-#Brexit rallies around the country this weekend, including the #GreatNorthernMarch, can be found on the @TheNewEuropean website 
As @Jacob_Rees_Mogg said earlier this week - #Brexit does not make this country a laughing stock. No way 
As our fishermen take to the Thames once again to protest the betrayal of their industry in the Brexit ‘negotiation’, a reminder of what the Remoaning elite think about their genuine concerns.Support us at  
Some Brexit campaigners want to throw fish into the Thames. I will personally get vengeance for each tasty tasty fish that’s wasted on this stunt. 
Be a mistake to believe that Cambridge Analytica have some kind of ‘magic’ way to swing voters. A lot of Brexit and Trump was down to simple good old-fashioned lying and smearing - things which never go out of political fashion. 
MONDAY - Jacob Rees-Mogg warns Brexit shouldn't be allowed to turn Britain into a joke nation WEDNESDAY -  
Jacob Rees-Mogg has been blocked from boarding the Brexit fishing boat at Embankment pier due to EU directive 456 which prohibits the transport of weapons on urban waterways. 
Jacob Rees-Mogg attempts to do a really dumb protest. Told he can't do the dumb thing he wants the way he wanted it because he hasn't thought it all through.Jacob Rees-Mogg is doing a massive metaphor for Brexit.  
NEWS! Jacob Rees-Mogg to throw his butler into the sea in protest at Brexit transition deal  
Why we’re campaigning against Brexit across Britain this weekend  Big-up to all those organising & attending events across the UK this weekend. Come rain or shine, we will make our voices heard! 
Jacob Rees-Mogg cannot board his Brexit boat because no one asked TFL's permission, and the boat is now just going around in circles. So we have a grand plan that has resulted in a directionless boat that cannot dock anywhere. Ladies and gentleman, welcome to Brexit. 
Brexit in a bloody nutshell.  
Conservative MPs are throwing fish into the Thames in protest at Theresa May's Brexit deal  
 @NicolaSturgeon: 'Scottish exports are booming but Brexit threatens our brand'  
Blocked from boarding his Brexit boat, Jacob Rees-Mogg is now having to walk to Parliament instead  
BETRAYED: @fishingforleave throw fish into Thames to protest Brexit transition deal.The government's sold out the UK fishing industry yet again. 
So Tory supporting SCL Cambridge Analytica implicated in election tampering in a Foreign Country the USA and here in Brexit!!!!! That’s a bloody national scandal.. 
Brexit boat latest: the fish boat is being refused permission to dock at any pier. It may be that the press conference will involve shouting from boat to land. A stunt that's only really been pulled off til now by Jesus.  
Jacob Rees-Mogg was supposed to board the Brexit fishing boat at Embankment pier. But he's just been told he's not allowed on because no one asked TFL's permission 
Keep hearing that CA 'may' have interfered with the referendum. How much evidence do you need?#StopBrexit 
This is Brexit for years to come. The people who wanted it most literally polluting the place with their never-ending complaint that it wasn't exactly what they wanted.  
Throwing food away for a cheap political stunt while people are in desperate need of food; Brexit in a nutshell. 
Conservative voters back Tory Brexit rebels, new poll reveals  
With apologies to outraged fishermen, a one-year extension to the current terms of trade is not really the biggest deal in the wider context of the Brexit negotiations, no matter how many buckets of cod you sling into the Thames 
Yes indeed a technical Brexit.But how could it be otherwise.Remainers:PMChancellorHome SecretaryLeader HM OppositionMajority House of Lords/CommonsBritish Civil ServiceBBC/Channel 4/SkyTotal academic Mafia.Last but not leastPhilip May  
The leading Brexiteers who lied and tricked people, now know that Brexit will be a disaster for those same people None have the moral courage to be honestThey are preparing their next BIG LIE - the lie of the “stab in the back”What they will never do is take responsibility 
What’s interesting about this whole #CambridgeAnalyticaUncovered thing is the determination of almost all the media to focus on Facebook & data etc & studiously ignore what actually happened next: ie #Brexit #Trump Like shouting at the dog while the bitten child bleeds to death. 
In #CambridgeAnalytica, SCL, AIQ, #Brexit and Trump, we see a wealthy elite spending millions to weaponise people's fears in order to benefit themselves and harm the very people they exploited 
Brexit Explained  
Sooo... How many Trump/Brexit voters are having a rethink about the online content they read, shared and felt their viewpoint was reinforced by during the campaign...? Don't all rush at once... 
Ppl on Remain side often talk about need to respond to conditions which prompted Brexit. No-one doing a better job of showing what that looks like than @J_Bloodworth 
nobody voted for a transition deal.a transition deal means that 10,000 migrants come to the uk every week. this number will be funded and increased by the eu during transition. it isnt about a deal its about ramming as many migrants into the uk as they can before #brexit  
Scottish Seven win right to have Brexit case heard in top court  
Telford rapes, Brexit sellout, fisheries betrayal, EU deceit, Denial of free speech, Hate speech arrests... @theresa_may - if only we had a major RU story to detract from it all...expect something really stupid from the Westminster house of cards... 
If it is not clear to Labour Remainers by now, then when? It's Remain OR Corbyn, who is a Leaver. He's called for Labour to campaign for #LE18 on 24 March, our anti-Brexit protest day. Don't let JC kybosh Remain. Join our protest on 24 March. Vote Remain, not Labour, on 3 May. 
'Theresa May has FAILED Brexit acid test' Nigel Farage SLAMS PM's fishing BETRAYAL for UK  
I honestly don't remember the referendum question being: Do you want the UK to take back control of our fish, our money, our borders and our laws and have some rich weird Tory MP tell you what it all really means?Memory is a funny thing sometimes.  
I don’t want to be uncharitable to Lexiteers but at the end of the day you’re either on the side of these guys and every far right fascist group in Europe or you’re with every liberal left leaning progressive group opposing Brexit: Make your choice @UKLabour 
To all my Twitter friends.I know the current political situation is gloomy for most of us but don't forget to enjoy your life.It's the only one you'll ever have.Oh and ...#FBPE #StopBrexit #brexit 
Dail to vote today on the referendum bill - nearly there! #repealthe8th #Together4Yes 
POLL: Please RT widely. The media keeps telling us there hasn't been much change in public opinion over #Brexit. What do you think? 
What #Brexit is doing to Britain.  Already.  And the worst, by far,  is yet to come.#StopBrexit #DavidDavis #Remain #Brexitshambles #EU #FBPE #ABTV #WATON #rEUnion 
It seems to me that “a hard Brexit” (i.e. Brexit) is becoming an ever more like outcome.  And an ever  more attractive one. 
.Oooh...... "Nearly half of Tory voters would support a second referendum on the UK’s final Brexit deal.". 
Arron Banks who spent £7.5m trying to buy #Brexit:"we have made no secret of working with Cambridge. We created a huge SM machine that took the message to voters"#CambridgeAnalytica #CambridgeAnalyticaUncovered#StopBrexit pic.twitter.com/RebuQyWRKx 
"EU confirms it defeated UK in #Brexit deal" - (Unelected) EU President Tusk confirms UK surrender, in letter to EU27 leaders.  Full story:  
Conservative Voters Back Tory Brexit Rebels, New Poll RevealsThey also want a referendum on the final deal.  
Any taint of illegality voids the referendum: @NYTimes today: ‘In Britain, Cambridge Analytica is facing intertwined investigations by Parliament and government regulators into allegations that it performed illegal work on the “Brexit” campaign. 
Is Corbyn committed to ‘not one job lost by Brexit’? We are haemorrhaging jobs, companies & investment even tho Brexit is not a done deal - the mere idea is enough. But Corbyn holds up that sign...What is it: stupidity, or does the dogma require trashing the economy first? 
"This Cambridge/Russia conspiracy theory is bollocks. I didn't vote brexit because of a few ads on Facebook. I voted for [insert stream of discredited claims propagated on social media here]" 
Today we have published our report into Brexit: medicines, medical devices and substances of human origin. Read it here:  #BrexitHealth 
BREXITFacebook data 'scandal' is being wildly exaggerated for political ends. The Left have blamed the Brexit vote on xenophobia, the Boris Bus, Brexit-backing MSM; now it was down to "data-harvesting”. Why can't they just accept that 52% of voters simply disagreed with them.  
Was Cambridge Analytica involved in the referendum? They deny it: here’s what Mr Aaron ‘Brexit’ Banks said:  
More Tory nonsense.  6% pay rise for NHS workers over three years when Brexit fuelled inflation is 2.7% pa = a pay cut in real terms. #r4today 
An enquiry into the referendum should be called now.  Democracy must demand it!! #StopBrexit2018 #FBPE 
Unfucknbelievable How far down the rabbit hole till you find Tories ..SCL parent company of Cambridge Analytica filled to brim with British Establishment Theresa May Basketcase Tories I thought it was Russians that rigged Trump election that rigged Brexit! pic.twitter.com/ViIy6EnIk3 
I thought it was the Russians that rigged Trumps victory the Russians that rigged Brexit then who the hell is this British firm Cambridge Analytica and who the hell are their parent company SCL?? Filled to the brim with Theresa May’s Basketcase British Establishment Tories??  
Any anger or frustration at the #brexit transition deal for fisheries must be channeled into using the transition period to formulate a more strategic and detailed plan for the future of UK fisheries. One that is more meaningful than claiming back our seas. 
Great thread evidencing Russian involvement in transient Brexit influence on Twitter.   Add this to the @CamAnalytica evidence and we begin to reveal how the US and UK were gamed. @carolecadwalla @LibDems @Labour4EU @acgrayling 
Steve Bell on Michael Gove and the Brexit deal in The @guardian These cartoons just get better and better as #StopBrexit as with each day the #BrexitShambles becomes more evident. 
The Brexit transitional deal comes too late to halt some EU firms from moving business  
The government has been defeated in the House of Lords over its plans for nuclear co-operation after Brexit as peers voted to insist the UK should not withdraw from  Euratom, until a replacement deal is in place.  #Euratom #Brexit #nuclear 
"For more than a year we’ve been investigating Cambridge Analytica and its links to the Brexit Leave campaign in the UK and Team Trump in the US presidential election."  
Oh! Cook Co’s non-binding referendum question to legalize recreational marijuana got 68% of the vote for YESI wrote in Nov. what this vote means and how it could goose reluctant lawmakers in Springfield to take up a legalization bill  
Agents of disinformation are at it again...Their plan is to make the conversation on the 2019 presidential elections about GEJ and how much NASS members earn. Don’t fall for it. The 2019 general election is and must be a referendum on the performance of Buhari from 2015-2019. 
You were missing this - AggregateIQ is a front company for Cambridge Analytica based in Canada that were paid £4.9m by Brexiteers to screw the UK during the EU Referendum (this IP licence)  
Nice to see Jacob out and about preparing the ground so that the post Brexit disaster can't be laid at his door.He can claim the design of the final deal wasn't what he campaigned for and thus it's not his fault.Well done Jacob.#FBPE 
#CambridgeAnalytica is to politics what the doping scandal is to sport. To think how badly May has behaved to #Remainers, when all along the #Leave victory was only obtained through psychological manipulation. I am SO angry! We need a radical re-think of #Brexit. Govt may fall.  
Cook County voted today in an advisory referendum on whether IL should legalize pot for recreational use; 68% of roughly 800K voters said yes. 
Dunno about anyone else, but as a British citizen I'm truly embarrassed with our weak-kneed #Brexit negotiators.  It's just plain embarrassing. 
And how many times did we Kenyans flag statements by Jubilee politicians sounding racist and Trump-like? We've known about Cambridge Analytica in Kenya since Brexit. But what else can Jubigreed say,  except deny? 
Voters in the Illinois county that includes #Chicago have backed the recreational use of #marijuana in a nonbinding referendum.  
I’m making this observation as an outsider, but the whole #CambridgeAnalytica and #Facebook controversy certainly seems to provide ammunition to the anti-#Brexit crowd in calling for a new referendum. 
I noted @JunckerEU's hysterics basically won us #Brexit, and I asked a couple of sources about him. Different nations. Will report what they told me soon. #JunckerRussia #Brexit 
DO NOT CONGRATULATEI have sourcing on this guy. Toying with reporting. He was, after all, #Brexit's best friend.(that's a joke. Of course I'm going to report. No fear, no favor, no politics) #WeAreNATO #TrumpRussia #MH17 #JunckerRussia 
There’s more to #Scotland than fishingMuch morethat Brexit of any kind - hard soft or lumpy-will threatenTransition is just thatA temporary reprieve designed to make us all think Brexit us not too bad after allScotland voted RemainIt did not vote Tory 
GDPR. If you look at the UK that pushed for it, the EU approved it, and then Brexit, we're basically dealing with a hit and run situation.#DevDiscuss 
Facebook accused of influencing US elections and Brexit  
When you look at the Tory links and military work of #CambridgeAnalytica's parent company SCL, the thought the #Brexit is a kind of coup starts to seem a lot more plausible.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Undermining democracy:Prevent Parliament voting to #remainTreat advisory referendum as bindingNo supermajorityCambridge AnalyticaWikileaksRussiaDUP funding & bribesVote Leave liesFacebookTwitter trollsFucking busUKIP fraudBBCRight wing mediaHide forecasts#FBPE 
“The Authentic #Tory #JacobReesMogg, A True #Brexiteer & #Statesman!” #BBC @BBC @LBC #LBC @ConHome @CCHQPress #Tory @Conservatives #Conservatives #ConservativeParty #TheresaMay #BREXIT #UK @Jacob_Rees_Mogg @theresa_may #Tories #UK #EU @daily_politics 
British Sikh, left wing propagandist @sunny_hundal argues in this exchange in favour of self determination for Sikhs. But he opposed Brexit. So why does he believe his coreligionists deserve something Britons don’t?   
1 Some thoughts on this new @CommonsHomeAffs report on EU/UK security cooperation after Brexit. First of all, it's separate from the @LordsEUCom inquiry into a future UK/EU security treaty, which is ongoing (and which I am a special adviser for). 
Quite frankly if the Govt can only negotiate the best possible deal as they always say and not a BETTER DEAL...then there is no way #Brexit should go ahead...only false ideologies are now obstructing the democratic move to give the Ppl a #FinalSayForAll with a #Remain option. 
The new @UKLabour general secretary has said there is no room in the party for Blairites. So a kick in the teeth for the many moderates in the party.Support a progressive & radical political party, oppose #Brexit, & look for a new home.Join the @LibDems 
NEW REPORT: Brexit, science and innovation. Many thanks again to everyone who contributed to our inquiry, including at the  #BrexitScienceSummit in February  (pdf) 
Scotland needs to escape this SHAMBOLIC TORY BREXIT SHAMBLES!!!Indyref2 is coming & a 'YES' vote will break Westminster chains.'FACTS over FEARS'#YouYesYet#indyref2#Referendum2018#Independence 
#CambridgeAnalyticaUSA #May Elections #Brexit Tory Govt MUST Restore 1950's UK Womens State Pensions in Totality - Women Dying and Losing Homes and Health On A Daily Basis @2020Comms @waspi_campaign @IanBlackfordMP @CarolineLucas 
“Every child who featured on the programme was anti-Brexit and the segment lacked any form of political balance. The interviewer, Tomos Morgan, failed to question any of the patently childish answers given to him.” CANNOT. BREATHE.     
#CambridgeAnalytica's chief Alexander Nix appears to have misled Parliament on data and Russia#CambridgeAnalyticaUncovered#StopBrexit #Brexit 
Theresa May's Brexit failure is no accident.  It was the plan all along.  She's an establishment Remainer.  She's delivering such a lousy 'Brexit' even Brexiteers won't vote for it!  There really is no excuse; we hold all the cards.  Please support #UKIP. 
EU member states have 'concerns' about latest Brexit deal and may not endorse it  
MPs seek probe into claim social media data breach swayed Brexit vote  
It isn't about facts, it's about emotions. Facts, like Brexit is bad for our country, get in the way of jingoistic xenophobic emotions about immigration, blue passports and fish. 
And the @Telegraph & all the rest of the #Brexit-supporting press will have undermined the 45-year displacement of French by English in Europe. And ideas follow language..The absurd failure of #Brexit is that it only results in ceding, not taking, control  
.They thought they could trust right-wing Brexiter politicians. They've discovered that they can't....."The fishing industry has been thrown overboard into the murky waters of Brexit half-truths.”. 
This is not about whether future elections are safe.This is about the legitimacy of the 3.8% brexit majority already being used to dismantle our democracy and condemn us to obscurity, vulnerability and poverty #StopBrexit#FBPE 
Too many very rich Tories want Brexit at any price for their own ends. It's @UKLabour I can't understand. Why are they shafting "The People" they claim to love so much? 
In the last few weeks Jeremy Corbyn has:Said "let's get the Russians to confirm its their nerve agent"Said nothing on at all on #CambridgeAnalyticaUncoveredTalked about the non existent #Brexit dividendHeld up this pictureSeriously, what use is he? What will it take?  
COMMENT OF THE DAY: And there it is… #Brexit  
You can tell the SNP's message about Westminster's Brexit power grab is working, because now the Tories and Labour are both desperately calling everything the SNP does a "power grab" - even when it's not.  
'@FishingForLeave Founder, #AaronBrown: "It's an absolute, abject betrayal of #Britain's #fishing industry & coastal communities. We were sold out on the way in & we're going to be #soldout on the way out."  #BBC #SKY #LBC @LBC #Tory #BREXIT #UK #EU #TORIES 
CALLING ALL BREXITEERS.Show your support for #Brexit to #SaveBritainsFish by adorning Westminister bridge with flags tomorrow morning for 8 am for our flash event with @Jacob_Rees_Mogg 
The referendum result cannot stand if there is any taint of covert interference. The probability that there was interference is extremely high: the Observer’s excellent Carole Cadwalladr and both Channel 4 & earlier BBC Newsnight investigations put this beyond doubt. 
No thanks Jeremy, not until you stop being May’s lapdog & unequivocally oppose Brexit. Until then: ABTV Anti-Brexit Tactical Voting - vote only for anti-Brexit candidates: LibDem, Green, SNP, Renew.  
British do irony well.Oh how we will laugh in 10 years when the Brexit vote leads to us giving up the rebate and joining the Euro.Well done Brexiteers!You won, we lost! #fbpe 
We have in people like Johnson,Fox,Gove & Rees-Mogg untouchables now in our society:they can get away with anything because they back Brexit 
The idea that Britain should be dictated to by Ireland and held to ransom over a Brexit deal with the EU by the so-called Irish border issue is ridiculous.   For God’s sake May tell them to get stuffed.   The EU don’t care a jot about Ireland.   
Oh I do like this thread.That’d be so amusing - use ECHR to ensure Brits have representation in the EP during transition…… and better still based on a case about Gibraltar!  FTW!#Brexit  
UN independent expert @Alfreddezayas: "During the independence referendum on 1st October, article 2 of the Treaty of Lisbon was violated by Spain. Brussels can't stay quiet, there should be consequences."  
To whoever phoned in James O'Brien's show this morning pretending to be a Remainer, but got on and made the case for Brexit, well done matey! You did a great job. And it was absolute proof O'Brien filters callers to stop any eloquent Leavers getting on his show. He was furious  
Brexit Policy making is yet again refused & imposed on Members, it's a joke. It makes a mockery of your letter @jeremycorbyn"Politics is too often presented as a spectator sport, something obscure done by a few people in Westminster. Labour's policy making process is different" 
Over promising; under delivering: the government’s Brexit strategy.  
Did you vote leave at the #euref after being told the economic warnings were #projectfear? Well, sadly, they are becoming #ProjectReality But do you know what? #brexit is not inevitable and it’s ok to change your mind. Say your a #remainernow & help change the country’s course! 
After the #CambridgeAnalytica disclosures, Russian interference and the Brexit impact studies, WTF will it take for the Tories or Labour to agree to a 2nd ref?#FBPE 
For no reason in particular, here's your periodic reminder that whatever Govt Ministers say, Brexit can be stopped (but only before 29th March 2019, or the end date of any extension if one were agreed. It cannot be stopped during transition as it will have happened).  
Yet another sector leader warning of serious Brexit consequences: “53 million trips from UK to EU each year are a vital trade & cultural artery” that must be maintained. We must protect our freedom to experience other cultures. #WeLoveEUCityBreaks 
The whole Brexit thing after the involvement of Cambridge Analytica has  totally dis-credited the Brexit Referendum Result.  Honesty must prevail - every MP should stand up in the name of democracy  and declare the result "NULL and VOID"  #FBPE 
The ScotTories Brexit fire-sale of Scotland’s assets and powers continues. Everything must go!  
Anti-Brexit geeks & social media influencers! Join @TechForUK at our first event to plan the fight against Brexit! Thursday, March 29, London. Apply to join here:  #TechForUK cc. @BestForBritain @OFOCBrexit #FBPE #BrexitShambles 
How much longer can Brexit be hailed as “the will of the people” when the stench of corruption hangs over the vote? Lies, misinformation, fake news. How long before the mandate expires? #stopbrexit #FBPE#CambridgeAnalyticaUncovered 
UN independent expert @Alfreddezayas today during the #HumanRights side-event at @UNGeneva: "The Spanish police repression of the 1-oct #Catalonia's referendum violated the UE Treaty of Lisbon. Brussels can't stay quiet, there should be consequences." 
Brexit: Ministers suffer nuclear defeat in Lords  
How on earth can David Davis show his face around Westminster or even in any place in Britain when he betrayed his country and negotiated the sort of transition deal for which people in the old days would have had a meeting with the hangman. #Brexit 
The Tory party are kicking the can down the road on fishing. Britain needs a leader who believes in Brexit. Read my thoughts in @Telegraph: 
As #Cult45 begins the Mercer disassociation campaign, Let’s all remind ourselves how CA began, who helped finance it and what the association was with Brexit and other recent disinformation campaigns. Mercer was also helping to finance Citizen’s United.   
my friends: you can’t take other people’s decisions as a referendum on your worthme: ...I’m gonna 
BREXIT: What role, if any, did Cambridge Analytica play in Brexit? / #CambridgeAnalytica #Brexit  
Theresa May is defying the Referendum on BREXIT.  By doing such, she is basically defying Democracy itself. She should be removed from office by whatever mechanism you employ for such in Britain.  
Back us on Russia. But we won’t back you in EU battlegroups.That’ll go down well with the rest of the EU-27 no doubt.#Brexit  
This Thursday, 22nd March, meet the @finalsayforall team, talk to us, tell your personal Brexit impact stories, and possibly meet some interesting people. Come to The Grapvine on Place du Luxembourg, Brussels between 4.30-8pm CET,  
All alone.The idiocy of Brexit, the arrogance, the shortsightedness, was to assume the world would always be stable and friendly.It's not. We're in trouble. All alone. By our own choice. This could get really bad.  
Barnier's Brexit WARNING: EU negotiator warns UK the 'most difficult' part is yet to come. Flushed with success the EU now pile on even more heat to the frail, trembling May.  
I bet if Simon Cowell suspected interference with an X-factor poll he would order another vote. But interference with the biggest political decision the UK has ever made looks more and more likely and nobody at Westminster gives a fuck. What a world. #Brexit 
An evergreen Brexit tweet, I think.  
Whilst May and Davis falsely talk of the opportunities ahead and whilst Labour cling to the nonsense of "Jobs First Brexit" the transition has already begun"One in 7 EU companies moves supply chain out of UK"#StopBrexit 
Most foreign businesses invest in the UK to access the EU market. If that privileged access is lost, then other inducements will be needed. Tory Brextremists know what they should be - low taxes on business & wealth, slashed regulations & workplace rights.#StopBrexit #Brexit  
Court rules in favour of case on Britain's ability to reverse Brexit  
How can any politician acting in good faith continue to cite ‘The Will of the People’ when the legitimacy of the referendum is clearly in doubt?There is clearly no mandate if there has been tampering. Time to #stopbrexit in the name of democracy. 
Cambridge Analytica helped  win the referendum campaign.  You were manipulated.  They lied.  Brexit will destroy Britain.  Time to #ExitFromBrexit. 
#CORRECTION Britain and the EU recently reached a landmark deal on a transition phase that will last for nearly two years after the historic Brexit divorce in 2019, said a EU negotiator -- but what will a post-Brexit relationship between the two entities look like?  
Why is it so important that MPs debate how Brexit will impact the NHS? Nurse of the Year winner @RoaringNurse explains 
“All they had to do was say no!” .@fishingforleave founder Aaron Brown tells @Nigel_Farage the government’s Brexit transition deal is an “abject betrayal” of UK fishermen  
#CambridgeAnalyticaUncovered for fraudulent activity in the UK referendum resulting in Brexit. We were duped, manipulated, sent images to strike a rapid emotional response and  we gave power to these imbeciles below. We allowed ourselves to be hoodwinked. This lot for jail time!  
With the revelations from #CambridgeAnalyticaUncovered now out in the mainstream and  thanks to the excellent work from @J_amesp @carolecadwalla @Channel4News othersPetition: Declare the 2016 referendum vote null and void due to foreign interference  
It's a funny world.Trump wants to build a border wall, says Mexico will pay but the US tax payer pays insteadMay wants no border,agrees to pay the DUP a billion quid bungbut her #brexit ends up creating a united Irelandand the GB tax payer pays for both 
Who’s all coming down to the South West March and Rally for Europe in Exeter on Saturday? I hear the resistance to #brexit is strong in Bristol!!  #BristolLive 
Whoops!!! The brexit agreement lasted 1 day before the wheels came off.  
17,410,742 people voted to leave the European Union on June 23rd 2016. We knew exactly what we were voting for.Yesterday, the government revealed it has no intention of delivering Brexit until January 1st 2021 at the earliest.Read our latest update:  
Great news Anna - I've kept saying Brexit will be cancelled and this could be the big breakthrough we've been waiting for. 
Well, well... If Erik Prince is building a Chinese Blackwater with Chun Shun Ko and the Chinese state, who better to set up the psyops division than Wheatland, Nix and the Mercer's? #CambridgeAnalytica is dead, long live Emerdata.....(via @AramRoston) 
"We put the information into the bloodstream on the internet & watch it grow."Yes, that's how Cambridge Analytica poisoned the body politic, & of course it had massive help from Putin's bots & sockpuppets.That's how it worked with #Brexit too.#c4news #CambridgeAnalyticaUSA 
Of course, if people really cared about the vote-rigging orchestrated by Cambridge Analytica they’d be demanding the removal of Donald Trump and the cancelling of Brexit. 
Over in London for a series of meetings. Today I was at the Bloomberg studio discussing Brexit, engagement with the US and promoting NI by encouraging trade and invest. Great view of St Paul’s Cathedral in the background! #proudofNI 
CA folks - something going on with Wheatland's Emerdata, Mercers just became directors, along with Erik Prince's business partner @carolecadwalla @annmarlowe @profcarroll @J_amesp @peterjukes @brexit_sham 
Am confident now that Cambridge Analytica had nothing to do with Brexit, since the BBC have made no mention of it.#ThingsOrdinaryPeopleThink 
The TTC Board approved the U-pass for full-time university and college students. U of T holds a referendum next week. If they vote yes, the new pass will cost $70. 
BREXIT: Spain refuses to back withdrawal deal over Gibraltar concerns /#EU #Brexit  
'Theresa May once promised that there would be a robust “red, white and blue Brexit”. We now have a limp green, yellow and white Brexit, where the UK has not in any meaningful way taken back control of anything' — David Allen Green  
Britain’s future will be a depressing one: Remainers will complain daily about the visible damage caused by Brexit, and Leavers will complain daily that the Brexit they got wasn’t the one they thought they were getting. What a sad and pathetic future we’ve created for ourselves! 
Scottish & Welsh #ContinuityBills move to final stage tomorrow . Devolved Administrations determined to defend the powers that make a difference to both our nations:  Brexit: Wales EU Continuity Bill passes latest hurdle in Senedd - BBC News...  
Here's a map showing the countries Britain has talked to and which have expressed either a firm (shaded red) or tentative (yellow) interest in concluding a trade deal with Britain (blue).The Brit's Brexit going down really well.  
Let's be clear now. Brexit has sod all to do with democracy. "The will of the people" is a euphemism for its high jacking by far right plutocratic billionaires. I never want to hear Brexit described as the will of the people again. #CambridgeAnalytica 
It would seem to me that there is now a consensus that there is no Brexit premium and in fact we are all going to suffer financially. So I say ...#FBPE #StopBrexit #brexit  
#MoggMentum : “his fund management firm profits from a £60m investment in a #Russian bank that has been target of #EU sanctions since 2014.”Told ya: #Brexit is a #scam.PS: EU is going after offshore accounts –starting in 2019. That year ring a bell? 
UN expert Alfred de Zayas has stated that the Spanish Government's violent attempt to repress the Catalonian referendum on 1 October 2017 breached Article 2 of the Treaty of Lisbon and that the EU cannot remain silent, there should be consequences."  
The strategy for implementing Brexit is now clear, they intend to break each promise one at a time, slowly diluting the disappointment, its a form of mind control better described as abuse.I'm not that stupid, are you?#FBPE #c4news 
Quite frankly Nadine, this is something you have no idea about. Brexit will be an absolute disaster for thousands of UK based musicians. The endless paperwork and red tape for travelling musicians will stop European based companies employing UK musicians, it is already happening.  
Two identcal facts from #C4News tonight. The @GOP weren't interested in #CambridgeAnalytica or interference in the 2016 campaign. The @Conservatives aren't interested in C.A. interference in #Brexit#CambridgeAnalyticaUncovered #CambridgeAnalyticaUSA #Trump #Resist #StopBrexit 
The substance of both Leave campaigns summed up in 1 elegant sentence by old Etonian #AlexanderNix:"It doesn't have to be true, it just has to be believed." Confirms 2 things:1)#Leave campaigns were purposely based on lies2)#Brexit is an Establishment project#BrexitShambles 
Irrespective of where Scots fishing industry is in relation to Brexit, hard to understand why the industry's representative body became so closely aligned with single political party. Seldom a good move if only because it alienates all other potential sources of political support  
They were struggling to beat a man who wants to make us the next Venezuela in the opinion polls even before this latest Brexit sellout.With their betrayal of the people’s vote, the ‘Conservative’ Party has signed its own death warrant.Support us at  
."The British government now realizes that it is under attack by Russia.But it has yet to admit, or seriously investigate, Russia’s role in the Brexit campaign that has plunged the UK into uncertainty & turmoil.". 
.@theresa_may, sleep on it. It’s now obvious to the whole world that there was something very rotten about the #Brexit referendum. Ploughing ahead is irresponsible. We need an inquiry - and fast. 
"Ireland can count on us" in its Brexit border battle, Angela Merkel says  
It was a pleasure to see Lefty luvvies like @GaryLineker, @mrjamesob, @JonnElledge, @JimMFelton get triggered today on social media, after I made a complaint to the BBC & Ofcom about The World at One asking nine-year old’s their views on Brexit. Education not indoctrination!  
The transition deal shows how much #Brexit has already sapped Britain's power. Brexiters have yet to grasp that without the EU the UK is much weaker.Freedom without power is impotence!#StopBrexit #FBPE 
The only party that wanted Brexit. Height of UKIP’s general election achievement was one MP and now on 1%. Brexit was an easily avoidable mistake, caused by Cameron’s wheeze. Solid case for a fresh referendum on the terms.  
The Trade Bill is now at the centre of the #BrexitshamblesFrom the start this Govt has mocked the concept of Parl Sovereignty with its flawed #Brexit & sought to deny the Right of Parl to Control the outcome. Parl has the Right to #StopBrexit..best do so! 
If a data breach is established and this information was then exploited in elections, this would not be just an attack on our freedoms. It would be an attack on our very democracy with implications over the validity of the referendum result itself. 
The reason I Tweet the anniversaries of bombings, killings and atrocities by all sides from the Troubles is to remind us all we MUST maintain the PEACE and do all politically to avoid a hard border post #Brexit  
It would be interesting to know if CA were involved in the Scottish independence or brexit referendums? 
Here’s someone who voted leave but now has #bregret@cadams050419661 you were not stupid, you were misled by those that advocated #brexit on mistruths, there are so many like you. Respect  for saying so! You don’t have to live with regret #brexit can be stopped.#RemainerNow 
There was no conspiracy, JC got treated the same as anybody else. Now, can we get back to the three people who were poisoned and are in a serious condition in a Salisbury hospital and Brexit,  that will destroy the lives of the very people Labour is supposed to represent.  
Another day at Heathrow. It’s a shame my grandchildren will never experience the wonders of free movement like I have.I want to #StopBrexit for their future.#FBPE #Brexit  
This isn't an abortion referendum, the #8thref will decide if every person with a uterus has equal rights to those without or not. That's it. Abortions will keep happening they'll just be safer & happening here, women will stop dying, 
Just a thought: if Cambridge Analytica compromised the Brexit election could the UK re-vote? That would be quite something & set an amazing example to the world about free & fair elections. Not sure how it works in the UK. 
."Amidst the chaos over the impact of Brexit on the Irish border, simmering resentment in Scotland has been quietly sidelined by UK ministers.Downing St seems to think that talk of another constitutional crisis is overblown.They should think again.". 
If I lived in #Grimsby and relied on #fisheries for my living-I'd sue  HM Government. The motto of #Leave was -#TakeBackControl.That's one of the main reasons they voted for #Brexit.And now...  
So let's say the Government is shown clear, undeniable evidence that #CambridgeAnalytica significantly influenced the #Brexit referendum (which evidence is leaning towards) - will they #stopbrexit ? #fbpe 
EU 27 could reject #Brexit transition deal, warns Donald Tusk"Whether all 27 member states can welcome this at the European Council remains open. I still need a couple more hours to consult with some of the most concerned member states" Tusk said#FBPE 
Brexit advert at Euston station.  
Now’s your chance, Theresa. You will be dead before the full impact of Brexit is felt. Your current self-serving actions will leave a our kids in a poor, isolated, unwanted country. Think of your epitaph: The woman who wrecked it - and in the national interest, #StopBrexit! #fbpe 
.@thomasbrake & @ChrisLeslieMP – Article 50 Brexit ruling shows nothing is yet set in stone  
Declare the 2016 referendum vote null and void due to foreign interference - Sign this petition  
This is reminiscent of how Nazi Gov treated Jewish people.  Sure evict Russian diplomats and apply economic sanctions - but this suggestion is beyond the pale and is thoroughly disgusting - What a vile Nation Brexit UK has become, the hateful nasty British.  
CA manipulated the result of the referendum. The result was advisory and now we learn it was undemocratic too. You cannot call the result the will of the people. @theresa_may we challenge you to do the right thing. Call a halt and start an enquiry. #StopBrexit 
Nearly 1 in 7 EU companies with British suppliers have already moved some of their business, report says  
The #Dáil is now debating the #8thAmendment #Repeal bill. A referendum campaign is coming; it's even more essential to ensure you're registered to vote. Go to , if you're not there, you can download + complete RFA2 or 3 to get yourself on the supplementary! 
The journey is encouraging, but it's the end destination that is all important. If the leadership of the Labour Party stands against #Brexit - it can be stopped. The stakes could not be higher.  
Cambridge Analytica was engaged by one of the main two groups campaigning to leave in Brexit referendum. British probe next? 
I know The similarity between WW2 and the referendum. Neither would have been won without the help of the Russians.  
Brexit is 8981 hours away. #brexit 
Only 37% believe the UK will fare better in the Brexit negotiations.“If the outcome is a bad deal for our country, as looks very likely, then everyone is entitled to keep an open mind about whether Brexit is the right path for the country.” 
Why is Labour not pushing ahead?Why are Corbyn's "best PM" ratings still quite weak?Why are Cons still most trusted & seen as most competent on Brexit (and the economy)All awkward questions for LabourReminder - Lab need a 5 pt lead-ish for a majority, but are trailing  
READ: This new polling data confirms what everyone already knows: the government is making a shambolic mess of the Brexit negotiations and the whole country is going to suffer as a result. Please RT:  
The @EPP @europarl largest political group and runs the EU its members @MichelBarnier runs #Brexit negotiations @EP_President is Parl President, @eucopresident Council & @JunckerEU Commission now poll EU citizens for the EU army we were told will never happen 
The leading Brexiteers who lied and tricked people, now know that Brexit will be a disaster for those same people None have the moral courage to be honestThey are preparing their next BIG LIE - the lie of the “stab in the back”What they will never do is take responsibility 
#FinalSay #FinalSayForAll #StopBrexit #BrexitLiesAnd now they would have us believe a new lot of lies:We got a deal out of BarnierThere is a Brexit DividendWe could not make trade deals beforeIf it goes wrong, it's all the EU's fault Jobs First Brexit#BrexitScam 
Cambridge Analytical if they succeeded in getting the elite a Brexit Vote and a Tory Government hands up,anyone that thinks they will get face any repercussions?This is going into the Chilcott, Levenson, £490 bil , Peado ,expenses long grass file. 
We continue to hear endlessly about Brexit scenarios that mean cheaper food, like it's a good thing. But does food in the UK need to be cheaper? We already spend less on food than almost every other country. And what would be the impact on choice, standards, etc  
This so called Conservative Govt is doing everything in its power to alienate every UK citizen. We have become a totalitarian country, stifling free speech, betraying Brexit & deporting innocent people whilst protecting Jihadis.They are pushing voters to vote anyone but Tory. 
The Gvt. has to provide clarity on border arrangements post-Brexit. Airbus has reiterated its threat to leave the UK. It needs its parts and staff to be able to move freely around its sites in Europe, with parts sometimes crossing the border 3 times. Wake-up @theresa_may. 
We need anti-Brexit run councils across our country that protects is community from Brexit austerity.Fight austerity. Don't vote for Brexit parties.  
In a word - No.If info was used to sway voters for Brexit and Trump, how come my timeline was a deluge of Remoaners and Snowflakes?  
A significant Government defeat and victory for common sense on nuclear safety following #Brexit  It's hard to understand why the Govt insists we leave #Euroatom, but there is time for Govt to reconsider and take a pragmatic sensible aproach 
This can't be said enough. The Brexit and Trump campaigns are intertwined. #FBPE #Resist 
This referendum is not about morality at all.  It's about whether we believe it's okay to end the life of a baby. #loveboth 
UK: UKIP (EFDD) hits new record low of 1% according to the latest ICM poll.#brexit #UKIP 
BREAKING: Govt defeat in Lords, as Peers vote 265-194 (Oppn. maj. 71) for cross-party amendt (3) to #NuclearSafeguardsBill re: suspending withdrawal from #Euratom until arrangements made to allow continuation of existing safeguarding agreements#Brexit  
Drop everything and read this. Especially paragraphs 13, 16, 30 and 31. Where is the decision? It cannot be the Referendum, so where is it? So good to see that our learned friends in Scotland are not to be intimidated by Westminster.    
Petition: Declare the 2016 referendum vote null and void due to foreign interference  
So, #bbcpm what's on the menu tonight? The unfolding horror of harvested data used to manipulate people into voting for #Brexit?Or the horror of Rees Mogg throwing good fish into the sea to manipulate people into still voting for Brexit?  
I gained an unequivocal "yes" from Michael Gove, on whether we will take back full rights over our fishing areas after Brexit, and he will discuss with colleagues the question of every fishing port being a free port  
You want to know the true meaning of #Brexit?Consider this:The Fishing industry makes up less than 0.3% of UK economy.& for this #Brexit folk & MPs are drawing lines in sand? Even as FT reports that 1 in 7 EU manufacturers are liquidating their UK supply chains.Its insane. 
Sad that this needs to be repeated again and again, but there really is no such thing as a Brexit win. Every single tiny, totemic benefit involves drastic or disastrous trade-offs. It’s like a cure for the common cold that gives you pneumonia. It’s never going to be worth it. 
Brexit benefits: the imaginary load of old codswallop which always disappears whenever you try to study it  
Lords are debating on a second referendum after the deal is known.   Forsyth having a fit.......... my he hates SNP.. 
#RETWEET: This #Conservative #Government is selling the #UK to the #EU! All #Brexiteers do NOT #vote for the @Conservatives in the coming #LocalElections on Thursday 3rd May 2018! Send them a #BREXIT MESSAGE! #BBC #SKY #LBC @ConHome @CCHQPress #ConservativeParty #UK #TORY #TORIES 
Court rules in favour of case on Britain's ability to reverse Brexit  
I understand that the Leave campaign are set to concede that the referendum is null and void. It has been announced that this will occur as part of a joint ceremony in which the 1986 Argentinian football team will also surrender their World Cup medals. 
And on this , me too.Not just the Irish border but also things like rules of origin (thanks @SamuelMarcLowe, @uk_tpo, others). No matter how geeky we are, Brexit always has more to teach us round the corner.So please drop the "for v. against" ping pong matches, @BBCNews 
4 days to go, and we've hit £15k!!Thank you so much for your donations. Many, many volunteers are working to make the Great Northern March an emphatic rejection of Brexit. Please help us to the finish line: And get your marching boots ready! #StopBrexit 
Information Commissioner is probing data firm Cambridge Analytica and also investigating #Brexit. Public has right to know what exactly happened. 
Why is Brexit evidence ignored. Take @BBCNews & its ping-pong approach to "balance". Today we had the IFS on the impact of tariff cuts and IDS saying he didn't believe them. For @BBCNews that's the story. Balance. Job done. Far from it, says @sjwrenlewis 
Far more jobs depend on the UK aviation and aerospace sector, so why the leaver luvvies so totally obsessed with fish?#Brexit 
Jacob Rees-Mogg will lead fishing vessel PROTEST against 'DEATH SENTENCE' Brexit deal  
The knowledge that not one but two MPs are going to get on a boat and throw some fish in the Thames to make a point about Brexit has burnt a hole in my chest where hope and happiness once cohabited. 
Mrs May has always intended betrayal of genuine Brexit.  
Election Fraud Easy for them all the hallmarks of their Methods can be seen in the Last two General Elections! Especially in  the Scottish independence referendum, the "VOW" was a Blatant lie.  
Stopping #Brexit is the right thing to do, writes @RafaelBehr for The @Guardian. Join and RT the discussion about his article on the @Reasons2Remain #Facebook page. Link:  #StopBrexit 
All aboard HMS Brexit.  
Cambridge Analytica preys on emotions. In the US elections they exploited racism & bigotry, in #Brexit they went for the fear of Islam & immigrants. In Kenya, their client actually invited them to strengthen the hatefulness of an ill-informed section of Kenyans to his advantage  
The Treachery of @theresa_may a pathetic and weak #political leader! #BRITAIN deserves BETTER, A truly poor example of a #British #PM! #FakeBrexit #MayMustGo #BBC #SKY #LBC @ConHome #UK @CCHQPress #Tory #ConservativeParty #JacobReesMogg #TheresaMay #TORIES #EU #BREXIT #MP's 
I see David Davis is off for more Brexit negotiations  
Brexit Fish Throwing WILL Go Ahead | @fishingforleave Vessel Holladays R8 Will Sail Upriver at 8am Tomorrow  
Most Brexiters are (a) over-65s and (b) poorly educated. They're not working in the first place (except the tiny scum of billionaires who support it because they intend to get rich). Voting for brexit correlated strongly with racism and xenophobia towards teh furriners. 
Of course he did. Trump congratulated Erdogan for a referendum that consolidated authoritarian trends in Turkey & he heaped praise on Xi for amassing power in China. Plus, Trump  Putin. So congratulating Putin on sham elections that perpetuated his rule was overdetermined.  
Retweet & Share: @theresa_may is going for a #Fakebrexit! I call upon all #Brexiteers NOT to #vote for the @Conservatives in the coming #LocalElections on Thursday 3rd May 2018! Send them a #BREXIT MESSAGE! #BBC #SKY #LBC @ConHome @CCHQPress #ConservativeParty #UK #TORY #TORIES 
people voted last year for MP's whom they thought were stating they supported Brexit but electorate was lied to by all 3 main parties as a result we saw yesterday that no party will carry out the decision the voters made  Breaking democracy in the teeth 
Can Brexit be stopped? We might now find out... 
France and Luxembourg have been co-drafting  Brexit annexe on financial services. Still some ambiguities in text, says senior EU official, but it will be for EU27 only to decide what is meant by "improved equivalence" 
.@liamfox accusing the EU of ‘behaving like a gang’ is just ludicrous. He is just trying to shift the blame that his government is making a mess of #Brexit and once again demonstrating his knack for losing friends and alienating people. 
ANOTHER WHEEL COMING OF THE BREXIT BUS - Scotalnd top court rules in favour of case on Britain's ability to reverse Brexit  
There will be no UK #Brexit deal if Irish border issue is not resolved -Simon CoveneyThere will be no formal “Withdrawal Agreement” between the EU & UK if the Irish border issue is not resolved, Tánaiste Simon Coveney has told the Dáil#StopBrexit #FBPE 
2 mths ago Govt were ‘completely committed to European defence and security after we leave the EU’.  2 months on, they've broken another #Brexit promise & abandoned plans to supply a battlegroup.  Bad timing when the UK needs to bolster EU support over Russia. Global Britain? 
TBH if interviewers in general had questioned patently childish answers given to them by grown adults, Brexit wouldn't have happened. 
RT grvgroyper: He passed the laws that got Dankula convicted.He passed the laws they used to stop Selner & Southern.He imported the people being used to shut down Tommy Robinson.He is currently working to stop Brexit.  
Hasn't @theresa_may and David @DavidDavisMP learnt 'anything' about EU deals? @David_Cameron tried to negotiate a deal before the referendum and came back with nothing. He paid the price and had to run away. This Gov has accepted another rotten deal. Where's the lesson learnt? 
Iconic British firm reveals SHOCK sums it sends to Brussels and heralds Brexit LIBERATION  
BREXIT HAS PEAKEDOld posh man writes to Ofcom to complain that no nine year olds interviewed by the BBC supported Brexit.He goes on to complain their “childish” views went unchallenged, like he expects the BBC to go full Jeremy fucking Paxman on some primary schoolers.  
We won't let the Tories use Brexit to sell-off our NHS. Send a message to Westminster - hands off Scotland's powers:  
Blogged A personal perspective on protecting UK and EU27 citizens' rights after Brexit -  
The Royal College of Midwives is backing More United's campaign to get MPs talking about Brexit & the NHS!! Write to your MP now asking them to speak in the debate on Thursday @MidwivesRCM >>>  
“I thought surely it can’t be true, when I heard that the Welsh Government were proposing to consult 7-11 year olds on Brexit”. It is a disgrace that this Labour Government think it’s acceptable to politicise children in this way. @UKIPWales 
This can't be any more obvious now, surely? It would've been much easier if Spain had let Catalonia have a legal & agreed referendum in the first place, saved itself €87m (& given it to the pensionistas), & avoided international ridicule & accusations of Human Rights abuse. No?  
Parliament will be discussing the devastating impact Brexit is having on the NHS this Thursday - contact your local MP to ensure they're part of the debate:  via @MoreUnitedUK 
Court rules in favor of case on Britain's ability to reverse Brexit  Well done, @JolyonMaugham 
Sadly I agree - a Tory leadership contest must now take place - I cant't support this Brexit sell out of our fishermen - I was born an Argyll highlander and I'll always blame the EU for killing Scotlands shipbuilding, engineering, fishing and farming industries for tourism  
Your daily reminder that the terms of a Brexit transition mean ABSOLUTELY NOTHING unless the UK can solve the Irish border problem and agree with the EU upon a deal to transition TO !!!#FBPE 
THE GREAT TORY FISHING SELL-OUT @ScotTories Brexit betrayal of the Scottish Fishing Industry #nonnegotiable #seaofopportunity @sff_uk 
Swedish newspaper Aftonbladet, which has the largest circulation in Scandinavia, calls Spain "an authoritarian state that has abandoned liberty of expression."The hard-hitting article discusses the repression suffered in #Catalonia during the #1oct referendum.  
The self-styled and self-appointed “Transparent Referendum Initiative” needs to be transparent about its work with the YES campaign, Save the 8th has said.#savethe8th #votenotoabortion 
On referendum day, many leave voters anxiously tweeted that fellow Brexiters should vote in pen so 'they' (MI5?) can't 'rub it out and change it'.It's going to VERY hard to make such people accept that the con had ALREADY taken place. Arguably the con of the century  
One in 7 EU companies with British supply chains have moved all or part of their business out of the UK since the Brexit vote. 1 in 3 have raised their prices due to a weaker pound. #LeaveWatch 
Truth is, Neil's just pissed that even school children have worked out that Brexit is shit. pic.twitter.com/1bJLlbGyHa 
Our @Adamstoon1 @EveningStandard on the Brexit transition deal  
By disregarding Scotland in its pursuit of Brexit, the Westminster government could yet foment a full-blown constitutional crisis.  
Court rules in favor of case on Britain's ability to reverse Brexit  
The moral element of the Brexit debate is rarely made. It is time it was given far more prominence  
If Brexit Britain requires no hard border with the EU, then surely Leavers wouldn't mind if the EU got rid of all its other 40 external borders too. (Allowing anyone on the other side of those borders to pass freely through the EU and into the UK unhindered)#FBPE 
Opinion polls won’t shift while MSM feeds us dumbed down, pro-Tory messaging.‘Ignorance is bliss’ they say, so let’s not trouble people with the pesky detail and downsides of Brexit....then they won’t trouble us with opposing it.V gd from @sjwrenlewis 
Theresa May once promised that there would be a robust “red, white and blue Brexit”. We now have a limp green, yellow and white Brexit.By me, at @FT:  
Trump and Brexit Derangement SyndromeRead more at  
Urgent Question at Holyrood on fishing - Fergus Ewing says the transition deal with the EU shows the Scottish Tories have "sold out the Scottish fishing industry once again" - says this is Ruth Davidson's "fastest broken Brexit promise yet"  
The Welsh parliament have just done the stage two amendments for their Brexit continuity bill in under an hour.It took 11 hours at Holyrood. Eleven.  
Britain’s military chief PULLS troops from EU army in Brexit backlash  
If you want the Brexit the people voted for get rid of the clowns!!!  
If their "values" are Tory wage repression, Tory austerity dogma, Tory local government cuts, Tory hard Brexit fanaticism, Tory persecution of the disabled, Tory privatisation scams ...What the absolute fuck were they doing in the Labour Party to begin with?  
I asked a written parliamentary question last autumn on #CambridgeAnalytica using #personaldata data in #brexit #referendum Answer put the ball back into court of national data protection authorities. Stronger EU-wide rules will be in place from 25 May:  
UK is "disappointed" EU will continue to set fish quotas during #Brexit transition, Environment Secretary Michael Gove says, but insists UK will gain full control of fishing waters after December 2020 
I am currently a border which helps to keep in peaceful equilibrium two conflicting, overlapping identities with a history of terrible violence. Like Brexit (ha!) I am identity politics in action. So you won’t solve me by making me like a big long supermarket checkout scanner. 
David Allen Green: the UK is heading for a Brexit in name only, at least until 2021. What happens after then is less clear  
Article 32 regulating the free movement of British citizens living in Europe after #Brexit vanishes from #TransitionDeal Can you explain where you've hidden it please @DavidDavisMP?  
Great meeting with Angela Merkel in Berlin. We talked about #brexit, Irish border, and this week’s @EUCouncil meeting 
Westminster and its lackeys insist on calling Brexit 'the will of the people' despite it being a thumping lie. If the UK Government of any political persuasion really believed in honouring the will of the people the sons of bitches would never have appropriated Scotland in 1707. pic.twitter.com/mBtdVciJCO 
Please welcome into the world Brexit binder number 4.  
Is this a spoof? Ukip's Neil Hamilton has made a formal complaint because the BBC didn't find any nine-year-olds in favour of Brexit.  
The Welsh Government is secretly training a crack squad of dogs to round up all the Welsh fish ahead of Brexit. Operation Bark Ceredigion has so far rounded up 9 cod, 2 pollack and a family from Kidderminster.  pic.twitter.com/cxsVNKJ5k1 
These images were 'targeted' to those people whose harvested data showed they were the most susceptible to voting #Leave.#Brexit was entirely based on lies, spin and overt racism.Is this who we are?#stopbrexit 
Gove is not having a comfortable afternoon in the Commons, attacked by Leavers and Remainers in equal measure. Fishing is a microcosm of the danger for the government's survival over Brexit. Whatever the government negotiates- neither side is (or probably can be) happy. 
Why oh why can @BBCNews not bring themselves to report that #CambridgeAnalyticaUncovered was also involved in #brexit? 
Still well done to Andrew Marr International. The Marr family on the Times rich list are the wealthiest  fishing family in the UK. And big Brexit backers. 
.@pablocasado_ "We'll take advantage of the #Brexit negotiation to urgently resolve irritating problems with #Gibraltar such as airport use, tax evasion, smuggling & environmental crimes. This has been highlighted today by @AlfonsoDastisQ in @Congreso_Es." That will go down well. 
I've said from the start that when Brexit goes wrong - as it is, and as it must -- the far right will shout 'betrayal'. Here's a taste of what is to come 
Frank Field asks for every fishing port to be given free port status!  I don't think it's possible to mangle and misunderstand more Brexit issues in fewer words than that.  He clearly doesn't know what a free port is but just thinks it sounds good.  #fisheries #brexit 
Fishism: condition affecting Leave voters since the Brexit vote.Symptoms include:● Irrational belief that our fishing industry - currently 0.03% of GDP - will replace our services industry - currently 80% of GDP.● Talking jingoistic, xenophobic, anti-EU bullshit. pic.twitter.com/rsO33CKqMn 
Just for those who voted LEAVE only..IF you still believe that brexit is a good idea, please let me know which of the fields you fit into , from A to G on the Venn diagram below... Note, these are the only possible combinations left. Thank you.  
My intervention on @michaelgove during the urgent question on fisheries management after #Brexit:  “Will the Government go to the EU Council this week and say this deal is unacceptable”. 
The SNP want to take Scotland back into the Common Fisheries Policy after Brexit.  
Court rules in favour of case on Britain's ability to reverse Brexit  
The transition ‘deal’ really does look like staying in the EU. The Tories are selling out the 17.4 million who voted for Brexit - they cannot be allowed to get away with this.  
The day the music died . We’re now told our parliament is no longer sovereign post brexit referendum . #StopBrexitSaveBritain#CambridgeAnalyticaUncovered 
A sickening & abject betrayal of Britain’s fishing industry & coastal communities.We’ve to be mangled again by weak appeasers that call themselves a British government. Another British industry consigned to museum & memory when Brexit should be salvation 
#Brexit: “It’s not too late to stop it - I think a lot of people have changed their minds since the referendum. We are campaigning on Saturday for people to have a final say.” from @MerseyFocus #GreatNorthernMarch #Leeds #StopBrexit 
March 29th 2019 is still the deadline.Absolutely vital we stop Brexit or extend Article 50 before that date.Urgency & pragmatism is required. Put away rivalries, dogmatism ("only stopping Brexit is good enough"), aim for the achievable, not the moonStart with #ABTV May 3rd. 
Many still havent grasped real danger #CambridgeAnalytics program exposed.Its not "just" about Trump & #Brexit - this is about the end of democracy.Competing secretive data firms mining deep seated apocolyptic fears based on lies will simply destroy any democratic culture.  
The only thing that makes the transition agreement acceptable is the hope that it is leading to a proper Brexit at the end of 2020 - @Jacob_Rees_Mogg on @BBCNewsnight 
The Brexit WhatsApp group really is the gift that keeps giving: today it's Iain Duncan Smith panicking about @OwenJones84 
Bloody Jocks. Brexit was going so smoothly until they stuck their oar in.  
Whatever your views on individual journalists or the BBC as a whole you can’t deny that @BBCPhilipSim has risen & continues to rise to the challenge of making accessible (and at times even interesting ) the complexities of @ScotParl #Brexit process to a wider audience.  Thanks.  
The government sticks to its Mafia style threat to push the hostages over the cliff if Parliament defies it on #Brexit. The only ones to benefit would be Putin & disaster capitalists. This is a government of crooks & traitors! #StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
Lost count of the amount of times James O'Brien has mixed Brexit' in with Cambridge Analytica without the slightest shred of evidence. Meanwhile he keeps talking about how people voted for Brexit based on lies and not facts. #IronyOverdrive 
Thousands of MU supporters have been taking action as part of our campaign to get MPs talking about Brexit & the NHS. @PaulWilliamsMP just raised the issue in Parliament. Email your MP now to get them to take note of this crucial issue  
The massive irony of Brexit may be that the the UK's ultimate relationship with the EU ends up actually being what leavers claimed it was: subject to all its rules but with no power in it, and they'll call it victory because they're "out". 
Yesterday I asked Minister Matt Hancock to guarantee a public enquiry - if evidence emerges that any organisation misused people’s data to interfere in any UK election or referendum. He didn’t. pic.twitter.com/3fGrMOgMuI 
.@ChukaUmunna: Brexit will compromise our ability to address the kind of aggression we see from Russia@JunckerEU: Congratulations on your re-election, President Putin 
We are proud to be campaigning for a People’s Poll on the #Brexit deal, with an option to remain in the EU. Join us and add your voice to ours  #FinalSay 
Didn’t vote for Brexit but would now. That tweet is no mistake. 
Statement of the day from Julie Elliott MP, "The impact on elections and referendums is becoming clearer, we can't prove it YET but it is becoming clearer" The tide is turning, the Brextremists days are numbered. 
Tell me again about that second referendum...  
We were told we would get a Red White and Blue BrexitInstead we have got a #riggedBrexitEveryone should be protesting this, our voice needs to be heard 
We've seen a number of Irish journalists wondering if Cambridge Analytica style tactics could be part of #repeal referendum.  In fact they already are and have been for over a year - let us demonstrate that #repealthe8th 
"Brexiters crying ‘betrayal’ over the EU-UK transition deal’s impact on fisheries is yet another smokescreen to try and cover up the latest exposure of the false, undeliverable promises they made during the referendum campaign" 
I do remember the trolling and the bullying. Those expensively-produced, contemptuous memes. Where did "will of the people" and all the other brexit catchphrases suddenly come from? It wasn't the halfwits in UKIP.  
Oops, Suzie. You forgot to mention Jeremy Corbyn. More controversially, you forgot to mention virtually all MPs who would rather go along with *Brexit is the will of the people* than admit they made a mistake in the legislation, the campaign, & the aftermath of the referendum.  
This was always the case. Parliament gave voters the chance to decide if we left. Voters decided to. Parliament approved triggering of A50. Govt is negotiating a deal. Parliament will get to vote whether to accept that deal. What was never on offer was an option to stop Brexit.  
Cross-party MEPs write to David Davis demanding clarification on the rights of UK Citizens in the EU27.Brexit: Confusion as Article 32 regulating free movement for British citizens vanishes from latest agreement  
I'm surprised to find that the reporting of the Cambridge Analytica story in the UK is not strongly focused on the UK angle, which is its involvement in the referendum. Instead, this aspect is merely mentioned in passing or ignored. Why? 
The next stop on my Brexit listening tour is Barking. Join me in the Barking Learning Centre at 7pm on the 27th March if you can!  
We will be worse off in every situation after #Brexit. The leave campaign was built on false promises and lies. @theresa_may surely cannot pursue something that she knows will harm the UK. She must grant the public a vote on the deal and a chance to #ExitFromBrexit. 
Confusion as Article 32 regulating free movement for British citizens vanishes from new Brexit agreementCitizens need their rights guaranteed now. Continuing uncertainty and confusion are cruel 
Regarding controversy over the transition deal, let’s be pragmatic: 1.) The EU has accepted our red lines (no SM/CU/ECJ) & Friday free trade agreement announcement far more important 2.) transition only lasts 21 months - same time as Referendum to today 
I have lodged an urgent question in @ScotParl to ask about the Tories’ betrayal of the fishing industry in the Brexit transition agreement. Live at 2pm here  
More "estimates" of impacts of #Brexit from #IFS based on questionable assumptions. This time: food prices. 
Our democracy is not founded on the referendum model.Referendums only 'fit in' as a way of gauging public opinion more comprehensively than a poll.They have no executive power or weight.Any government is entirely within their powers to disregard any referendum result. 
Why is the Govt going ahead when #CambridgeAnalytics leak shows Farage/Bannon link to it. Surely #Brexit must be halted until we know how far our democracy was undermined?Or doesn't the Govt care? 
This is from April last year. It’s as if @NicolaSturgeon was trying to warn us way back then that the Tories were going to sell out Scottish fishermen. Ruth Davidson accused her of “scaremongering”  #Brexit  
We’ve come together with 18 other cancer charities, calling on Government to prioritise the interests of people affected by cancer in the second phase of #Brexit negotiations. Read our joint letter here:  
We've just had an election in Russia where the opposition weren't allowed to stand - what kind of message would it send out to the world if politicians here were to say "we've had a free and fair referendum but we don't agree with the result so we'll reverse it", asks @isaby 
Incredible to watch SNP attack Scottish Tories for "selling out" the fishing industry by NOT delivering the hard #Brexit to which the SNP is implacably OPPOSED! Breathtaking for a party which backs the CFP to be scoring points over NOT leaving it. SNP: truly the brass neck party. 
.@Jacob_Rees_Mogg says Theresa May "got it wrong" on fishing in Brexit transition deal.  
#brexit no longer about trade, payments, regulations or EU agencies etc as UKs already conceded much of these. It’s now how much cost, how much pain would those who voted leave be prepared for UK to endure before they admit embarrassment of being wrong.Quite a lot it seems. 
Cambridge Analytica (and the crooks for whom they worked on #Brexit) have also helped stir up frightening levels of fear and loathing in this country. Major civil conflict had never seemed a real possibility to me before that vile and irresponsible campaign. 
Getting to the nub of this Brexit shit...  
Proud to co-sign a letter from MEPs to UK government on risks to Scots and Brits across the rest of the EU if Brexit happens. We will not allow their rights to be forgotten in this shambles.  
Spokesperson from ERG : #TransitionalAgreement"Brexit means Brexit - we must take control of our fish"No fish were available for comment.It is understood that a high level shoal will meet to agree a common response. 
All this talk of #Brexit achievements, but the Elephant in the room remains. There's no solution to the Irish border problem, if the UK is outside of the SM and CU, as Mrs May has said it must be. The reality is, #Brexit is dead in the water, unless May u-turns. #StopBrexit 
This is @mrjamesob's brilliant analysis of where we are with Brexit following yesterday's transition deal.  
COMPETITION! Win this original signed drawing  from my Brexit tea towel (…). To enter, just RETWEET this tweet! Comp closes TODAY at 4pm (GMT)  
We must not lose sight of the fact that we are committed to coming out of the EU and out of the Common Fisheries Policy. @theSNP would have us remain in the CFP for far longer than the transition period, if not permanently. #Brexit  
See @guardian confirming EU 27, Irish Govt & Sinn Féin read on yesterday's agreement in Brussels. More positive progress but British could always renege again & opt for DUP Brexit Backwater. Let's keep pressure on 4 full alignment and protection of rights.  
Our new @agitpod_ with special guest @garyyounge is out!How do we defeat the far right? What should be the left's take on Brexit? Is @MissEllieMae pregnant with a French politician's baby?DOWNLOAD NOW >>  
Well this is embarrassing. I guess David is realising his bosses don’t give a fig for sectors based in his Banff and Buchan constituency. Welcome to the club. Shame the realisation happened after filing the newspaper column... #brexit  
Despite the Govt trying to push through a hard-Brexit, NHS waiting times are now proving so long that the Govt is outsourcing treatments to Calais. This is the result of years of cuts to the NHS, yet more evidence the NHS is at breaking point. 
The top 8 frauds to watch out for in 2018 include; bogus  #Brexit investments, fake  #WorldCup2018 tickets,  first-time buyers emails being hacked and fraudsters taking advantage of the  #RoyalWedding!  
We’ve come together with 18 other cancer charities to publish an open letter calling on the Government to prioritise the interests of people affected by cancer in the second phase of #Brexit negotiations:  
Nope. We will be out campaigning to #StopBrexit.If you were to do the same then there might actually be a chance to end Tory Austerity.There will be no voting for pro Brexit parties from me of any colour. Red or Blue.  
It looks like *ALL* Scottish industry is being lined up as barter for negotiations for Tories to get what they want for London Post BrexitDecimating one countries economy to serve a cityThats yer pooling & sharing 
There are more politicians and journalists worrying about the mere possibility of foreign money being used to buy pro-life Facebook ads in our referendum than about the certainty of Soros money being used to campaign for repeal. Take the beam out of your own eye, please. 
Is it becoming clearer yet why the Tories think @theSNP will "ruin" their brexit deal if Westminster don't get their hands on Scottish powers like fishing & agriculture?Yep, it's because the SNP will refuse to sell out the fishermen & farmers.#Brexit #HandsOffOurParliament 
Users of tax havens like Rees-Mogg should not be allowed to sit in Parliament. The use of tax havens is  a form of legalised crime against the British people. It is wholly disloyal and unpatriotic. #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit 
People accuse the #bbc of bias on brexit , but I just watched a news programme featuring two families with differing views of #brexit. One family reckons brexit will cost them their livelihood, whilst the other said it would ruin their children’s livelihood. 
As an independent country within the EU Scotland would be able to negotiate our own terms on #fishing, unlike the current situation where terms are dictated by a UKGovt who, assisted by idiots like you, make Scottish fishermen "expendable" #TransitionDeal #fisheries #Brexit  
Brexiter has no expertise. Brexiter says if he had a go at something experts do it would end up coming back and slapping him in the face. Brexiter doesn’t notice the Brexit metaphor he’s doing Brexitly.  
Just a little reminder of the EU referendum results:Leave: 17,410,742Remain: 16,141,241Leave majority: 1,269,501If 634,751 had voted Remain instead of Leave, Remain would have won.Not a very large number for #CambridgeAnalytica to have influenced to swing the result. 
I disagree David we should vote for any other party except the 3 main parties at every election from now on as top 3 have lied to us all & none of them actually do respect the democratic result top 3 have caused extension to Brexit which is uneccessary and costly to us taxpayers  
Looks like UK’s (prolonged) post-referendum inflation blip coming to an end, helped by falling food/travel prices. But average earnings need to head to 3% to get some growth in real pay. 
David Coburn says NO to a Brexit Transition Period - LET’S BREXIT NOW 
We should never have allowed the Northern Ireland “backstop position” into the Brexit transition agreement.  All Barnier needs to do now is to reject other solutions as unworkable, and he’s driven a wedge through the UK. 
The Fishermen and women of the UK would have got better treatment in the EU negotiations if they were a terrorist organisation. #Brexit 
Genuine National Reconciliation is premised on TRUTH & JUSTICE. US & Britain are investigating role of Cambridge Analytica & Facebook in Fake News & Divisive Politics in 2016 US Elections & BREXIT. Kenya needs Independent Commission Of Inquiry on their roles in our Elections. 
Remember folks, when inflation goes UP it's because of BrexitWhen it goes DOWN it's because of petrol prices  
Cambridge Analytica exploding forces a major question. Whatever side you're on: was the referendum vote free or fair, if Cambridge Analytica was involved? Should there be an enquiry? Thread:@sturdyAlex @mrjamesob @IanDunt @StevePeers 
BREXIT: The Mail tries to polish a turd deal. Readers aren’t taking it well.  
Wasn't Andy Wigmore an official of Leave EU & he says Brexit was won because of Cambridge Analytica But our National News Service @BBCNews @bbcquestiontime fails to mention links to Cambridge Analytica links to Brexit#CambridgeAnalyticaUncovered 
More emerging on DUP funding and links to Cambridge Analytica.Also, did their £425 000 Leave campaign money come from Russia?And why is May allowing them to keep the source secret?#Brexit#CambridgeAnalyticaUncovered 
This is deeply depressing and illustrative of how Brexit is making us weaker and smaller.1 in 7 EU firms moving business out.1 in 4 UK companies cutting workers to meet Brexit costs.22% UK companies having trouble securing contracts 
Young Britons have the right to live and work anywhere in 28 marvellous countries. Brexit robs them of that and condemns them to an impoverished future. Is it really worth it? #StopBrexit 
There's a grim poetry to this piece on the price of stopping Brexit  
#JacobReesMogg  is saying that Brexit is now effectively 1st Jan 2021 after the Tory/EU agreement. 4.5 years after we voted out. Brexiteers must fight this at the ballot box. 
I once researched a whole piece about fish & Brexit - unbelievably tedious - and all I got for it was an afternoon of people telling me to know my plaice etc. 
So after decades of the constant demonisation of Muslims, migrants, non-white people, foreigners, & the EU by right wing politicians & newspapers, can anyone explain why the phrase "take back control" had such resonance with right wing British people?#Brexit#CambridgeAnalytica 
#Brexit As Jacob Rees Mogg calls for the UK to take control of its fish, David Davis flounders, Michael Gove feels out of plaice, Liam Fox still looks like a prawn, and Boris blurts out more cod latin. May looks more like a kipper every day. 
A UKIP politician, not only proving that Brexit does NOTHING to stop a defence union, but actually advocating it!!They really don't care what their side told people before the 2016 referendum  
Jacob Rees-Mogg to fling fish from trawler on Thames in protest for fishermen 'betrayed' by May's Brexit deal  
NEW EPISODE! What's the deal with the far right? Should we accept the EU referendum result? And is @MissEllieMae having Jean Luc Melenchon's baby? We tackle these questions and more with special guest @garyyounge.DOWNLOAD:  
Unintentional but quite perfect Brexit analogy.  
There’s the Cambridge Analytica / Facebook story. All the Russian money flooding into the Tory party. Brexit not turning out how they said it would. No word of any of that on the front page of the Mail today. It’s almost like they don’t want people to know. 
Could Brexit be stopped by these millennials?  
Britain's democracy has been hijacked, your data was stolen by Cambridge Analytica and used to hijack an advisory referendum by a right wing coup and by Putin to destabilise the EU.#StopBrexit #BrexitReality #FBPE #StopBrexitSaveBritain#Coup #Farage #ExitBtexit 
In 1992 FW De Klerk called 4 a referendum 2 end Apartheid. Almost 2m against 875k white people voted against Apartheid. 10m Mass Democratic Movement & UDF & SA youth also mobilised against Apartheid. Mandela was in jail. MKMVA & APLA were in exile. Now, who dismantled Apartheid? 
Brexit promises vs reality... the drip, drip, drip of losing control; losing all benefits; losing the economy to years of recession. The big promise of a boost to the fishing industry? Gone. What justifications are left? #BrexitShambles #StopBrexit 
British and EU negotiators agreed on the terms of a 21-month Brexit transition  
If I could create a new political party its main pillars would be be:*Hard Brexit*Right Wing*Against Islamisation of UK & the West*Anti Feminist*Anti PC*Not apologetic of UK past but proud & patrioticUnfortunately no Political Party ticks all these boxes 
OK I didn't follow the Brexit story yesterday.How much has Theresa May screwed us over re Brexit? 
Nicola Sturgeon's SNP since Brexit vote has been an interesting study for Psychology students. She states position on a subject. All the MPs, and MSPs fall in to line and sell that position. She changes her position. They change as one and sell the new position. Impressive.  
Tories accepting Russian money is clearly the push behind delivering Brexit. So why does #corbyn continue to support the Tory Russian Brexit? The right thing to do is to oppose Brexit to expose the root of it all, especially with Cambridge analytica exposure.  
".@theresa_may you started your premiership by telling us what Brexit meant.  (Brexit, from what we recall.)  Well, whatever #Brexit really means, the EU document you’re signing up the country to isn’t it." Read Brexit Facts4EU:  
Another one bites the dust.  Another #Brexit promise demolished. This time by the Institute for Fiscal Studies - any drop in food prices linked to scrapping tariffs will have been more than offset by price rises driven by the fall in the value of the £ since Brexit. 
A few weeks ago @andywigmore of  exclusively told me Cambridge Analytica were pursuing offers of illegal foreign funding for the Brexit campaign while they were doing preparatory work together:#CambridgeAnalyticaUncovered 
Suddenly, there is more evidence that the Scots Indy Ref & Brexit were rigged (via Cambridge Analytica) then there is that Russians have been unleashing nerve agents on the streets of Britain. 
The “transition” period is a complete sell out of Brexit. That’s what happens when a bunch of pro-EU civil servants & remain supporting politicians run the show. We voted to leave and we should be doing just that - not staying in for nearly 2 extra years.  
A posh man weeping as he fondles fish is a pretty good metaphor for Brexit.  
READ: The IFS’s research makes it clear: the post-Brexit devaluation of the pound has already cost consumers more than tariff reductions could possibly save.  
#brexit Can we just get on with Brexit please.  Bloody usual bores out everyday TV & Radio trying to run country down. Talking doom & gloom  Armageddon. 17 million voted leave we’re leaving. Just get on with it FFS. Stop putting them on TV and Radio everyday boring.   
It's interesting isn't it that its papers like The Observer, Mirror, New European and Guardian who are actually fighting the hardest for this country to have a future. It's the ones that drone on about patriotism the most that are serving it lethal Brexit propaganda every day. 
People: Oh my goodness, look at what Cambridge Analytica did with Facebook’s data – they undermined democracy, swayed elections, and enabled Brexit!Also, people: Oh, I don’t mind if Facebook has all my data, I have nothing to hide.#SurveillanceCapitalism 
More bad news for the Global Britain loons: Those post-Brexit tariff cuts will only reduce costs by 1.2%  
Often accused by those backing PCPEU that as #FBPE I'm anti Corbyn, which is BS btw. I'm anti Corbyn's support for #Brexit & denial of a Binding #FinalSayForAll with a #Remain option.My question is,why do many add the 'PEU' when seemingly not wanting to #StopBrexitSaveBritain? 
Far more sensible, but we don't do sensible in Brexit.  We do daft.  
Latest Brexit fishing row predicted last year. Scottish fishing waters are expendable and negotiable.   
In Today's News:- UK and EU agree terms for Brexit transition- Anger over fishing concessions- UK Climbdown on free movement- EU concedes on signing trade deals 
Most chilling line from last night's #CambridgeAnalytics expose: "It doesn't have to be true... It just has to be believed." £350m/week for NHS Exactly same benefits Taking back control Brexit dividend Undemocratic EU They need us#StopBrexit 
Petition: Stop the Common Fisheries Policy being adopted into UK law post-Brexit.  49,034 SIGNATURES CAN MAKE A DIFFERENCE TO MAY’S PROPOSAL TO SURRENDER FISHING WATERS TO 27 EU STATES. WHY SHOULD UK BE GIVEN A SMALL QUOTA OF ITS OWN RESOURCE? RETWEET NOW! 
#Remainers furious Brexit might still go ahead despite being based on lies#Leavers furious Brexit might go ahead now they know it was all based on liesBest option for both camps - #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Surely a mistake, should read : "Thames fishermen, betrayed by Jacob Rees Mogg's brexit throw him to the fish from a trawler" 
The DUP were unable to convince NI to back Brexit & performed terribly in the 2017 assembly elections due to an oversight by Arlene Foster led to them mistakenly employing the services of shady County Down firm Katesbridge Analytica 
IDS admits he’s happy to sacrifice British farmers and British manufacturing for his blessed Brexit.Then answers ALL remaining questions with his ‘taking back control’ lie.STOP handing out the free passes #r4today 
IDS: We voted to take back control.ME: We had control of borders, we had control over EU policies at the table, we had control over the hand over of more powers.WE were at most 26.5% of the Ppl many of whom did not intend us to leave the SM/CU.#Brexit BS#FinalSayForAll 
Remove *Brexit*Insert *Tories*  
BrexitThe government has capitulated on all its Brexit promises, the only concession is that we'll look really stupid trying to cut and paste 750 trade deals in the blink of an eye. The cowards won't put the final deal to the people. #r4today #FinalSay 
Gas pipelines are locking us into fossil fuel dependency. If we weren’t distracted by Brexit there would be an outcry about this#TANAP #TARP 
Bertie Armstrong before yesterday - We demand exit from the CFP on day one of #brexitBertie Armstrong yesterday - We demand exit from the CFP at the end of the implementation period in 2020What a leader!Tories are laughing at Scottish fishermen yet you vote for them. 
The gvts. #Brexit strategy will have a huge negative impact. The long-term gains from new trade deals with non-EU countries, a central plank of the pro-Brexit case, could be just 0.2%-0.7% of GDP. That would be dwarfed by the losses from a looser relationship with the EU. 
Which kind of Brexit comes closest to what you want?---------------------------------This is one for Leavers and Remainers.---------------------------------Retweet for wides sample size, please.--------------------------------- 
These are some of the images that the LEAVE campaign targeted swing voters with. If you were in dire circumstances and had been told such lies, would you not have voted leave as well?Brexit was manipulated by criminal methods.It is unsafe. #StopBrexit before it’s too late. 
Hi @CamAnalytica, I can give you a great 2 for 1 deal on writing your IPA Effectiveness cases (US Election and EU Referendum). Deadline is 20th April. DM me? 
Why does the @BBC news only mention #CambridgeAnalytica manipulation in favour of #Trump but not its involvement in the pro #brexit Vote Leave campaign? 
Wouldn’t it have been nice if the BBC - with their vast resources - had broken Cambridge Analytica? Or any story not positive about Brexit? 
When the BBC talks about Cambridge Analytica why does it mention Trump and not the more serious charge of Brexit interference? 
Nice bloke at Heathrow currency exchange desk asks whether Brexit will be good for my industry. When I said no, disastrous, he said he asks everyone the same question: and Every. Single. Person gives the same answer. But a bunch of Old Etonian conmen think they know better. 
Jacob Rees-Mogg continues to talk about the 'Brexit Dividend' - but it doen't exist and won't ever! #BrexitLies #r4today 
Jacob Rees-Mogg will lead fishing vessel PROTEST against 'DEATH SENTENCE' Brexit deal        
OMG!!!!    Daily Mail caught boasting just 3 months before the Snap General Election that Theresa May and the Tories were plotting with Cambridge Analytica to “mine huge amounts of data on voters” think about Scottish IndyRef Brexit and GE2017   
Scottish fishermen who backed Brexit, and elected Tory MPs, 'let down' by transition agreement.  
I am sick to death of Brexiters pretending that fishing is the biggest issue of Brexit.We have a services economy; we are not like Norway. Fishing is being used as a smokescreen to hide Brexit’s failings in other industries and to demonise EU.#r4today HT@13sarahmurphy @clooky 
Awfully diplomatic of the BBC not to even ask if Cambridge Analytica might have just possibly had anything to do with the Brexit result. 
Honestly the hypocrisy of the SNP’s position on fishing is astounding. The real sell out would be staying in the EU and therefore CFP, which is the SNP’s position. They would sell out fishing communities at the drop of a hat given the chance. Or are the SNP for Hard Brexit now?  
“NO UK PRIME MINISTER COULD EVER AGREE TO IT” - Words of the PM herself, 28 Feb in Parl't. 19 days later and that's what she's done.  Your full #Brexit report:  on disastrous gov't surrender to EU. 
The hypocrisy of this is astounding. I assume the SNP has changed its stance on Europe and now wants a hard Brexit? The SNP has never stood up for our fishermen, or our farmers.  
We’ve been paralysed for nearly 2 years post referendum. We face paralysis for many more as we untangle the mess. When all’s said & done, the question that really matters is what’s the point? Why are we doing this?The “will of the people” isn’t good enough. #Think Again 
Look forward to hearing how Cambridge Analytica influenced the Brexit vote & British elections.... 
If Brexit means Brexit, we have to take control of our fish and UK waters. Jacob Rees-Mogg is to fling fish from trawler on the Thames in protest for fishermen 'betrayed' by May's Brexit deal...  
This should be tattooed on the forehead of every one of the UK's 650 MPs since they appear to be suffering collective amnesia. #Brexit  
Look at the Fisher folk sell out -Scotland.  That’s our future NHS sold, Industries decimated all for a Brexit we didn’t vote for #Brexit 
#brexit - is it worth it? Britain to keep following the rules but no longer have a say on them!  
One in 7 EU companies moves supply chain out of UK; 1/3 of UK suppliers have raised prices due to #Brexit; a further 41% are planning to raise prices to cover e.g.Brexit regulatory and border costs via @financialtimes 
‘No country has ever expended such effort to leave the world’s largest single market, rather than join it. The point at which the economic self-harm of Brexit finally becomes clear has been deferred - but it has not been averted’ @georgeeaton 
Invoices showing the DUP having paid almost £33k during the EU referendum and £12k during the Assembly elections to Cambridge Analytica linked firm AggregateIQ. Interesting   
Abolishing all tariffs could only reduce prices by 1.2% at most. That compares to at least 2% increase following the fall in the value of the pound post referendum. And has to be offset against higher trade costs. Report here . The calculation set out here: 
Asked if his Scottish Conservative colleagues agree with his view on the Brexit deal & fisheries, John Lamont already rowing back on @BBCr4today: ‘I can’t speak for them.’ All the chest puffing of the ‘Scottish bloc’ looking increasingly impotent. 
Good to hear @John2Win being seriously grilled on @BBCr4today about @RuthDavidsonMSP broken promises to fishermen. He didn’t have any answers. #brexit #ScotlandsPlaceInEurope #FBPE 
Brexit: ‘The government’s attempt to portray this as the “implementation” of a new relationship between Britain and the EU now lies in pieces. The transition deal once again poses the question: what is the point of this dealignment for Britain?’ @guardian 
Book now finished! Out in early June, & will take around the country with Will Hutton for all keen to fight Brexit or just read the truth. Top line: stop Brexit & get real about the social crisis at home! 
*** Sun & Mail front pages are most significant splashes since Brexit vote. They ignore the Government’s effective climb down, don’t even mention deal. White flags fly over Kensington/London Bridge... they know game is up. Hard Brexit has died with a whimper not a bang. Good.  
To be clear the report says that price reductions would, at best, be small. Even if all tariffs abolished (not likely)  the most that prices could fall is 1.2%. Remember prices rose at least 2% following fall in £ post referendum. And leaving customs union has big costs too.  
Theresa May under fire over Brexit transition deal  PM May is a remainer and like Mr Corbyn (both millionaires) both do all in THEIR power to keep UK in the undemocratic EU. Both a disgrace to UK and our democracy. 
And these are the people who paid #CambridgeAnalyticaUncovered  to give the illusion of support for brexit, stir up hatred and anger, troll and intimidate Remainers and anyone talking sense and reality, threaten. These people are poison. Think about those posts. It was them. 
Germany- Alice Weidel is calling for a stop to German payments into the EU and for a referendum over #Dexit ! 
BREXIT BOLLOCKS-Big red bus-Lies-Deliberate deceptions-BBC bias-Sun-Mail-Express-Murdoch-Banks-Farage-Dacre-Cambridge Analytica.all contributed to fooling us - the Facts are now known & we can change our minds- those who deny US that are THE REAL ENEMIES  
Theirs not to make reply,   Theirs not to reason why,   Theirs but to do and die.@rafaelbehr on the charge of the Brexit brigat 
Anyone got info on Cambridge Analytica and oor 2014 referendum ?? #AskingForAFriend 
Tory Brexiteer @Jacob_Rees_Mogg will lead fishing vessel PROTEST against 'DEATH SENTENCE' Brexit deal  
Who still thinks we need to "respect the result" of that shoddy, flawed, undemocratically-run, advisory, non-binding opinion poll dressed up as a #referendum?#CambridgeAnalyticaUncovered #CambridgeAnalytica #trump #TrumpRussia #Brexit #BrexitShambles #BrexitRussia #StopBrexit 
The great British Brexit robbery: how our democracy was hijackedAs media focus on honey traps and Trump don’t overlook the involvement of #CambridgeAnalyticaUncovered in the #Brexit referendum 
Hang ona minute @GroovyTimbo!! You told us that #Brexit will make our food cheaper...  "@jdwtweet has increased its pub food prices for the THIRD time in a year"  
It'll only collapse if we the people work damn hard to make it collapse. Even the most pro-#Remain MPs have said they won't reverse #Brexit. So keep protesting, writing to MPs and getting the truth out there over social media.Today's pressure point: #CambridgeAnalyticaUncovered 
Brexit, as promised, is simply not deliverable. It doesn't exist. WE HAVE ALL BEEN LIED TO - make them pay for lying - hold them accountable at the elections  
Abuse of rights. Abuse of freedom. Abuse of privacy. Exploitation of data. Manipulation of vulnerable minds. This is the #brexit agenda laid bare and all to line the pockets of a few billionaires and their puppet politicians. #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Record underweights on UK equities - can they Brexit from the extreme pessimism?  ...see blog on UK ERP here:  
Column doesn't mention Brexit. Funny that you do. 
Out today (Tues, March 20), free with your @GrimsbyTel  24-page Business edition for northern Lincolnshire. Deals on wheels, @NASFUKIreland Bergen on Brexit, @labcuk SY&H shortlist, Grimsby's new flagship vessel in offshore wind and lots more innovation and excitement - enjoy! 
Brexit: EU implementation agreement 'betrays' UK fishermen  
Social Justice Ireland Report yesterday advises that there are now 780,000 people in the Republic of Ireland living in poverty. However thousands of them are travelling each day to Northern Ireland for the shopping as prices are 20 per cent cheaper due to BREXIT. 
Given what we know about #Brexit, a coordinated response would kill it off easily. The reason it's still alive & kicking is because of the lack of coordination in remain's response. If we end up leaving it'll be because remain response was weakened by lack of coordination. 
No, the damage caused by Trump can be countered but not repaired. He totally ripped environmental regulations and alliances. Brexit is also a result of FB/Cambridge Analytica. 
UK wins Brexit transition deal in return for Irish vow  
The four-month-long sting operation caught Cambridge Analytica executives talking about their illicit tactics to sway campaigns, including the 2016 U.S. presidential election and the Brexit referendum.  
Mercer, Putin, Cambridge analytica, Troll farms, social engineering. Contributing to Brexit, and the Donald’s victory in the US.  
From day 1, the whole #Brexit negotiation has been a farce. It should have been Barnier summoned to number10, put in a darkened room with @Nigel_Farage, made to pay his bar bill, and given this handwritten note: #LeaveEU #Leadership 
Jacob Rees-Mogg to lead fishing vessel PROTEST against the alleged 'SELLOUT' Brexit deal.ERG spokesman: “If Brexit means Brexit, we have to take control of our fish."Good man @Jacob_Rees_Mogg 125,000 followers + rising. Trending 03.00am at 20.2K tweets. 
They have been looking into Cambridge Analytica’s involvement into the Brexit vote for some time. There are many countries CA came in and left. The undercover video outed them. And trump and gang are knee deep in ties to their dubious behavior. 
My prediction: UK will dismantle Cambridge Analytica & Facebook for Brexit.France will dismantle Twitter for their role in its elections.Mueller & Co. will take care of the financial institutions that made this all possible.#FVEYS #ComeyDays #MuellerTime 
The ‘agreement’ is solely about ‘pushing the cliff edge back.’ It gives more time for stopping Brexit! “Brexit: What has been agreed between the EU and UK for a transition period? - Sky News  
Thanks to the LYING #defeatist #Remainer @theresa_may, #Britain set to be in #EU limbo land! A total Establishment shafting of the #British People! #FakeBrexit #Brexit #MayMustGo #BBC #SKY #LBC @ConHome #UK @CCHQPress #Tory @Conservatives #Conservatives #ConservativeParty #UK 
Size of agriculture, forestry and fishing as a ppn of GDP - 0.2%Whilst I am want to see sustainable fishing and a thriving agricultural sector there is never going to be anything but a #Brexit sell out when bigger issues are at stake.  
A very good idea. The EU has an obligation to focus on its influence on the Brexit referendim.  
Brexit should come ‘crashing down’ over void referendum, unconstitutionality, massive self-harm to economy & society ... where might the list end?  
I'm suddenly finding myself wonder if @CamAnalytica had anything to with the Twitter #Brexit discussion being dominated by Leave accounts until after the vote took place.Oh wait, I lied. It's not sudden.  
Mississippi has the most restrictive abortion laws in the country.Women's constitutional rights are being violated.Republicans are trying to make 2018 a referendum on abortion, but the historic number of women running for Congress won't back down. 
Jacob Rees-Mogg was never going to accept Theresa May's final Brexit deal. It was always going to be a fudge. Which is why I have been fairly confident for some time that Brexit will fall apart without Corbyn having to do anything. Brexit: the end is nigh.  
BREXIT NEWS: A deal has been reached between Brussels & Teresa May. It has been decided that the UK will keep EU law & OPEN BORDERS until at least 2022. However, after March 2019 the UK cannot vote on EU Laws!  
The younger generations don't want Brexit.So even if Brexit happens, they'll likely take us back into the EU.But we'd lose all the exceptions we currently have (Euro, Schengen, Asylum policy etc)So by supporting Brexit now, you're supporting greater European integration later.  
Who could forget this moment when Spain gave the Princess of Asturias award to Juncker, Tusk and Tajani weeks after bashing the Catalans during their referendum? Sure enough, they haven't said a peep about Spain's brutal repression since that day.  
Prices could fall after Brexit 'if UK abolishes tariffs'  
Please wake up , Damian. You are dealing with a bunch of very dangerous crooks who have completely subverted UK democracy so as to procure an invalid anti-UK anti -EU "brexit" vote for the UK to "leave" the EU. Mrs May is complicit - the Parliamentary Authorities MUST now act 
Nothing more satisfying than seeing the vile 'Jacob Rees-Mogg', throwing his toys out the pram .. Suck it up, buttercup  #Brexit pic.twitter.com/T0vTCowEAf 
Brexit BOMBSHELL: Fury as May to surrender fishing waters to EU during transition MAY HAS NOW GIVEN ANOTHER OF OUR ACE CARDS AWAY TO THE EU. SHE HAS TO BE STOPPED AND QUICK SHE CAN NOT BE TRUSTED, Get her out she is a liar. 
Jacob Rees Mogg: “I follow the teachings of Jesus Christ.”*Jacob flings dead fish into the Thames in protest at Brexit transition deal*Hmm. Didn’t Jesus magic up lots of fish to feed the poor? Jacob screws the poor, then throws their dinner in the river. How very Christian.  
If you still think Cambridge Analytica had nothing to do with Brexit, boy do I have a garden bridge to sell you. 
"The Kenya election was just overturned and really what’s interesting about that is (it) was also a project of Cambridge Analytica, the data company owned by the Mercer family that was instrumental in the Brexit vote." - Hillary Rodham Clinton, September 2017  
Hi Nigel, Pete from Oz here. Now that your mates at Cambridge Analytica are fully f*cked, how long until MI5 & Special Branch drag your Arse in for questioning over Brexit? I have money on this so please give your best estimate. Cheers @Nigel_Farage@LouiseBagshawe@thespybrief 
Brexiters: A referendum on the withdrawal agreement would be un-democratic Everyone else: Really? You want to talk to us about democracy?  
So basically the DUP paid tens of thousands of pounds but still managed to lose the 2016 Brexit vote in NI and the petition of concern in the 2017 Assembly elections.Can we put this down to the people here not being as fucking gullible as the English & Welsh? 
.@BankofEngland Governor Mark Carney and I discussed global financial markets and Brexit. 
BREXIT they were supposed to be negotiations not SURRENDER 
Remoaners have had nearly two years since losing the referendum to come up with a single positive reason for Britain to stay in the EU.  Yet still they still can’t find one.  Maybe that’s because there isn’t one.  
On the day after the UK agreed its transitional Brexit deal, frontpage of the 3 out of 4 aggressive pro-Brexit national papers barely mentions it... Snake oil salesmen who promised the unachievable...  
The Leave camp has lost the economic, trade, political, legal and Irish border arguments.All they had left was the referendum result.And, finally, this has been exposed.Buckle up, snowflakes, there's a handbrake turn coming.#StopBrexit#CambridgeAnalyticaUncovered 
"This agreement gives away almost everything" - Eurosceptic @Jacob_Rees_Mogg isn't happy with the terms of the Brexit transition period #newsnight 
Monday: "Jacob Rees-Mogg warns that UK risks becoming a joke nation."Tuesday: "Jacob Rees-Mogg to fling fish from trawler on Thames in protest for fishermen 'betrayed' by May's Brexit deal"  
There are reams of evidence about what No Deal #Brexit means - it would be a disasterSo on @BBCNewsnight @maitlis says to Rees-Mogg "would you personally be OK with no deal""Yes, I would" he says and so she says "well you can't say fairer than that"What is the point of this? 
The taint on the referendum voids it.  
@BBCNewsnight@maitlis gently asking Jacob Rees Mogg what he would and wouldn't accept from #Brexit and whether he personally thought no deal was better than a bad deal like he's some spoiled child to be indulgedMeanwhile C4 news are breaking Cambridge Analytica story 
Jacob Rees-Mogg will no more be affected by a no deal Brexit than a rhinoceros by a gnat attack by a kamikazee gnat. He's very, very rich. Unless you are .. you will #newsnight 
Jacob Rees-Mogg on Newsnight, peeling through the Brexit transition document like a soggy copy of the Guardian found stuck to the bottom of his shoe, suggests “the govt has rolled over without having its tummy tickled.” Calls the deal wholly unsatisfactory “and not just on fish.” 
Rees-Mogg struggling with the Brexit deal whilst the Scottish Tories are already beginning to fear for their futures, bet they still do their nodding dogs impersonation when it comes to voting it through though #newsnight #brexit #ToryNoddingDogs 
Thankfully @Jacob_Rees_Mogg is still standing up for our nation and refuses to back transition. He is the prime minister we need right now in order for #Brexit to be a success. #JRM4PM #MoggMentum 
What links Brexit, the DUP, the Tories, Donald Trump, Russia, Putin, Facebook, UKIP, Steve Bannon and Nigel Farage?#CambridgeAnalyticaUncovered 
#newsnight reporting #Brexit date as March 2019 as if there was no doubt about it. But there is (and they know it):  
God almighty Jacob Rees-Mogg again!!!@BBCNewsnight WTAF?Simple question "nothing you promised is happening, everything is collapsing, what do you have to say for yourself?""What is a 'proper #brexit'?  What does that cost us?" 
uCampaign are an American company that create apps for far-right political campaigns and advocacy groups. Their clients include The National Rifle Association, Ted Cruz, Trump/Pence, The Brexit campaign, and now the Irish, Anti-abortion advocacy group LoveBoth  
‘Sold Out’ – May Government Faces Open Rebellion After Fishing Industry Brexit Betrayal   
This is an issue for Britain as well, because #CambridgeAnalytica is implicated in using similar unethical tactics in manipulating voters for #Brexit, working for Farage's . /1 of 2 
BREXIT SABOTAGE: Treacherous Remainer @ChukaUmunna says Brexiteers have 'SURRENDERED!'  @DavidDavisMP @theresa_may @BorisJohnson @michaelgove @LiamFox @andrealeadsom @PennyMordaunt @SteveBakerHW  @SuellaFernandes @EstherMcVey1 @sajidjavid @JamesCleverly 
Brexit is like teacher saying the whole class will be punished if the culprit doesn't own up to the misdeed. But as ill-judged as some of the Leave votes were it was Parliament who were the culprits. Legislation ill-thought-through, Leave campaign a disaster & they never owned up 
The front page of tomorrow's Daily Telegraph: 'Fishermen 'betrayed' by May's Brexit deal' #tomorrowspaperstoday 
Disappointed by fisheries element of Brexit transitional agreement. DUP will continue to work to ensure that we take back control of our territorial waters, ensure fair allocation of quota for our industry and eliminate the unjust Hague preference system of quota allocation 
Brexit FC must be fuming!!!   
So now we know old Etonian owner of Cambridge Analytica is implicated in Brexit referendum, presumably Brexit will be cancelled. No, too much money involved. 
“Even on its own advertised terms, Brexit is a dud.”“Of all the challenges the country faces, of all the tasks that might have received the same intensity of effort, this is the one we have chosen. “And to what end? Only so when it is done, we can truly say we did it.”  
Theresa May gives away fishing rights to Scottish waters once again ... Whilst warning Scots that 'Scottish Independence would ruin our #Brexit deal'#scotref #indyref2 
Ah!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! This is why they haven't done anything about Russian interference in the referendum! The Tories wanted a piece for themselves. This party needs to be buried forever  
Can we say Brexit referendum now? I don't think CA would be targeting UK users with material designed to get them to vote for Trump, do you? 
Today's @Channel4News on #CambridgeAnalytica undercover techniques following earlier use of #Facebook leaks. Next stop the #Brexit campaign.#CambridgeAnalyticaUncovered 
MAY BLOWS BREXIT!  Furious Brexiteers vow they will NOT accept this sellout!  @BorisJohnson #boris johnson #borisjohnson @realDonaldTrump @theresa_may… 
Waiting for Brexit .........  
READ: Brexit technology firm used by DUP in Northern Ireland elections  - via @TheDetailTV @Niall_TheDetail READ: DUP's Brexit campaign spent £33,000 on social media 'micro-targeting' firm via @irish_news @brendanhughes64  
This is what happens when you win a seat on the back of undeliverable promises then take your eye off the ball  when you get to Westminster & spend your time slagging off @theSNP @scotgov instead of lobbying the Tory UK Govt #fail #redcard #brexit  
The transition period will end 4 1/2 years after the referendum. At that point UK will have to accept whatever deal they’ve been offered on a future relationship, or face a cliff edge (again). There’ll be no option to remain instead. We still have that option now though.  
Watching latest Brexit headlines and feel despairing. What a monumental waste of money, relationships, governmental energy. I haven't visited a single country over the past 18 months that isn't aghast at our apparent ability to self-harm. 
Now we need to find out if #CambridgeAnalytics and leak from #Facebook played a key role in #Brexit #Referendum.  
So much for democracy. Brexit was about anything but democracy, but making voters believe it was all about democracy. The most democratic thing to do about Brexit is to take back control and for ordinary decent people to stop it.  
every tweeter should now tweet the government offices and their MP and the PM showing their disgust on the Brexit betrayal as they kill off democracy 
Seems @andywigmore is confused as to whether @vote_leave or @LeaveEUOfficial used Cambridge Analytica to swing #Brexit. Or maybe in November 2016 they were both one big “we”, deliberately split for reasons of plausible deniability. (h/t to @mollyluna11 and @veritasta) 
REMAINERS BEFORE REFERENDUM"The EU is basically just a trading bloc, we're not tied down to Brussels with red tape -That's just a myth invented by Nigel Farage" REMAINERS AFTER REFERENDUM"Leaving the EU is not at all straight foward-There's years of legislation to unpick" 
The nerve of this! They intimated - but never quite *stated* - that Brexit would resuscitate communities that were destroyed by the demise of the fishing industry. They knowingly lied to desperate people. And now, what? Wrong kind of Brexit? So revolting.  
It is now 3 months since I have left the @Conservatives & joined the @LibDems & @vincecable. As I said the @Conservatives are going back to the days of Enoch Powell, when they talk about a hard #brexit that is willing to destroy the very fabric of modern day #british society. 
‘Jacob Rees-Mogg to fling fish from trawler on Thames in protest for fishermen 'betrayed' by May's Brexit deal’I want my country back  
The latest Brexit deal is a political agreement that is not legally binding. So the Border issue is just as it was last December, a great fudge lingering unsolved over the whole charade. 
East Anglia’s fishing industry reacts with disappointment to the “catastrophic” news that the UK will continue to be stuck with EU fishing quotas until 2021:  #Brexit 
David Davis the Brexit negotiator more like an April 1st Joker.  
Come on folks, sign and retweet. WE CAN DO THIS!Petition: Declare the 2016 referendum vote null and void due to foreign interference  
I understand that the we’ve learned some new details re: #CambridgeAnalytica’s role in Brexit & the US elxn but the broad contours of this entire op have been pretty clearly established for nearly two yrs. The Q is not “what happened?” its why has there been no consequences?! 
Brexit Britain is leaving 750 trade and other international agreements in the hope that people like Trump and Xi Jinping will do us a favour. They will have us for breakfast! #StopBrexit before it’s too late! 
Now the truth is out about Cambridge Analytica and their manipulation of the referendum result, it's time to put the brakes on #Brexit. It wasn't the will of the people. A brave PM would make a stand. A weak PM would do nothing. 
To the 0.5% of #Brexit Leave voters who are shaken by this story, well, yes, you should be - you were manipulated, it's time to wake up & smell the coffeeto the 99.5% of Leave voters who will shrug it off, well, you shrug everything else off so why am I surprised?  
Just imagine for a moment that it had been Nicola Sturgeon whose Brexit fishing promise had been broken. Think for one millisecond she’d have got the same @BBCScotlandNews kid gloves treatment as they gave the Tories? 
For the first time, my Brexit and Trump news feeds are surging at exactly the same time because of ONE SINGLE PIECE of brilliant investigative journalism.The ground has been shaking for some time but right here, right now, the edifices are beginning to crumble.SEETHEMFALL.  
Stopping Brexit is the right thing to do. Remainers need to make the case for staying in the EU because leaving is not worth the economic harm it will cause  
"This is DISGRACEFUL! We'll investigate at once!"- Say the @Conservatives who either used or intended to use #CambridgeAnalytica in the 2017 election, enforcing a Brexit that @andywigmore of @LeaveEUOfficial boasted was only won because of them.#CambridgeAnalyticaUncovered 
Channel 4 is now the nation's public interest broadcaster. The BBC is just Brexit's propaganda arm.  
After todays announcement about #brexit transition period Has Mrs.May got the best deal possible Please vote and retweet 
Following excellent investigative work by @Channel4News & @carolecadwalla only reason the Government might not launch inquiry into activities of Cambridge Analytica & their influence on #Brexit vote is that some of them already know what they'd find & don't want it to come out.  
Brexit.  
'Sold Out' – @theresa_may Government Faces Open Rebellion After Fishing Industry Brexit Betrayal  
The Brexit Deal? Our government have conspired with the EU to take the people of Britain as fools. This 'Deal' should be rejected and then repeal the '72 Act. Any negotiation from then on we will,be in a position of strength. 
The Cambridge Analytica guy says you don't win elections with facts, it's all about emotions. He's right. We Remainers should take good note of that. It doesn't matter how many economic facts we present if we don't reach emotions. #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit 
The invoices which show DUP paid AggregateIQ - closely linked to #CambridgeAnalytica - for both EU referendum (£32,750) and March 2017 NI Assembly election (£12,071). #CambridgeAnalyticaUncovered 
The Channel 4 Cambridge Analytica report shows one thing very clearly, that the Trump-Bannon-Breitbart-Farage far right are prepared to abuse, pervert and ultimately destroy our democracy in order to gain power.#StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
The betrayal is now complete with today's agreement with EU as by extending Brexit means all politicians have shown no respect to the EU Referendum result and have insulted 17,410,401 voters 
Looked into this, and found that Robert Mercer was the one who introduced Steve Bannon to Trump. Mercer also was the main investor in both C.A. and Trump's campaign (not to mention ties to Brexit). Mercer also co-owned Breitbart, and Bannon was Executive Chair.Storm's brewing. 
Very significant and very disturbing #brexit admission by Government Minister @LadyBasildon @Open_Britain @ChukaUmunna @Keir_Starmer @OwenSmith_MP @mcashmanCBE 
I want to know two things:1) What role did Cambridge Analytica play in #Brexit Ref? (Grounds for #FinalSay Ref?)2) What are Cambridge Analytica doing for the #Tories? (See Daily Mail article about .@Conservatives being in talks with CA to hire them.) 
Lords debating how medical devices will be regulated after Brexit - peers declaring interests left right and centre as recipients of hip/knee replacements 
I fear we will have to go to the Supreme Court to get sanction for a referendum.  But it's coming..... 
D'yall remember the craze for 'tá' badges during the last referendum?! So many ppl came up to me saying 'aw I really wanted an Irish one but they only had English left'  
When is Brexit not Brexit? Do we know in Northern Ireland after today? 
In the light of what we now know of Cambridge Analytica/FB & this company's involvement in Trump campaign + EU referendum, will political punditry be humble enough to revise the narrative of white working-class anger and recast the results as capitalism fucking with our minds? 
British authorities preparing a warrant to raid the dirty AF operation that harvested stolen data to help Trump and Brexit campaigns. The Cambridge Analytica trail leads straight back to Kushner, Bannon, the Mercers... and Russia.  
.@Nigel_Farage ended up in a fierce exchange with this caller who claimed he had told people “untruthful messages” about Brexit  
Americans sharing the Channel 4 Cambridge Analytica report in huge numbers.Great, happy for them.Imagine what it would be seeing here in Britain if the report had put focus on their hand in Brexit, not just Trump.Huge missed opportunity. 
DUP paid almost £33,000 to Cambridge Analytica-linked firm AggregrateIQ for its #Brexit campaign for the EU referendum#CambridgeAnalyticaUncovered 
Brexit was never supposed to happen but Cambridge Analytica got involved.Trump was never supposed to happen but Cambridge Analytica got involved.Mueller was never supposed to happen but Sessions got recused because he’s a fucking idiot but we’ll all be thanking him in the end 
Now here's a curious thing..All those #Brexit folk who never miss an oppotunity to expound on the latest conspiracy are completely leaving the #CambridgeAnalyticaUncovered alone.Even as proof of the conspiracy is actualy recorded on camera & shown on channel 4.Curious no? 
1. How many illegitimate govts are in power due to the corrupt behaviour of Cambridge Analytica? 2. Will the relevant elections be re-run?3. Will the British EU referendum be rendered void?No business should have any role in any election ever.  #CambridgeAnalyticaUncovered 
Indigenous actor Shareena Clanton’s claim, made on @QandA, that Indigenous people were administered under a flora and fauna act until the 1967 referendum, is a myth. New #factcheck:  @nyunggai 
.“As things stand, after Brexit, English cheddar will have more free movement rights than we will.". 
Watch this and discover why Blair McDougall and the Better Together mob called themselves 'Project Fear' during the Scottish Independence Referendum (PF was subsequently co-opted by Brexiteers to describe Remainers)I think it's now safe to call anyone employing CA 'scumbags'  
#TheresaMay ‘s  #brexit #TransitionDeal is a Pyrrhic victory - and bears no resemblance to #Brexiters promises or demands (via @InFactsOrg ) 
Citizens must  understand that our democracy was compromised by neo liberalism & that Donald Trump & Brexit weren't created by foreign entities but by the greed of the 1% that made our societies less equal & ripe for manipulation by Putin & Corps #cambridgeanalyticaluncovered 
EU nationals arriving during transition to get same rights as EU citizens already in UK. Missing from Davis' revelation is if it cuts the other way. Can we really trust pledges that Brexit won’t mean end of living + earning in EU? More reason to remain in EU with a voice & vote.  
Channel 4 tomorrow on Cambridge Analytica's influence on Trump's election, including undercover recording in US. Trump's clearly not going to survive much longer, in any event, but I hope to see more focusing on the Brexit referendum disinformation operations. They did happen. 
Transition Deal - when you make a decision to fundamentally change everything and then make a further decision to fundamentally change absolutely nothing until at least four and a half years after your initial decision. Brexit might not actually be dead - but it is in a coma. 
Nigel Farage - "I don't trust the motives, actually, of any of these MPs who say - we respect the result of the referendum, but."What they really mean is - we don't respect it one little bit. We'll do all we can to water down, delay or stop #Brexit from happening."  
The analytics company that illicitly used Facebook customer information to steal the Brexit and 2016 US Presidential elections will be raided by the government of our closest ally.Wow is right.  
Labour’s Stephen Kinnock said that if Cambridge Analytica were proved to have been “in flagrant breach of our electoral rules, that would place a pretty huge question mark over the referendum result”. #CambridgeAnalyticaUncovered #channel4news #Brexit 
Brexit.The will of the people. Or the will of somebody else....#cambridgeanalyticauncovered#StopBrexit 
#CambridgeAnalyticaUncoveredAnd #Brexit go hand in hand. Our country's democracy has been utterly corrupted #FinalSayForAll 
You know how Brexiters have threatened for months that, if Brexit is cancelled, there will be civil unrest? Hold that thought & now read what Jacob Rees-Mogg had to say about warnings that political violence might return in Northern Ireland if Brexit leads to border checks.  
"You, the silent and invisible majority who said NO during Brexit. You can say no again. No to Islamification, no to mass immigration and the great replacement!""And all this is impossible without freedom of speech."–Martin Sellner  
Nigel Evans MP - "There’s huge potential. The vast majority of growth is now taking place outside of the EU. Even the IMF themselves say the vast majority of growth is not now going to be in the EU but outside." #Brexit  
Are we allowed to say Cambridge Analytica and Brexit referendum in the same sentence? CA has denied working on Brexit, but it's patently obvious to users of FB, Twitter and LI that voters were widely targeted by disinformation professionals, and "Russian" bots doesn't cover it. 
I’m seeing a lot of people tell EU and UK citizens that after Brexit we can just apply for visas like it’s the easiest thing in the world. I wonder what these people think I do all day at my job in immigration law, make balloon animals? 
Hi Sarah, given Cambridge Analytica’s documented role in the EU referendum campaign, do you agree that serious questions now need to be asked about Brexit? 
Alexander Nix of Cambridge Analytica has made lots of money by applying military psyops techniques to subvert democracy.All over the world.For years.#Brexit was all in a day's work.More background here:#c4news #CambridgeAnalytica pic.twitter.com/TuwGq50Y1C 
."I doubt that the damage done by Brexit is worth enduring just to avoid the hurt and anger that might be caused by aborting it.". 
The most disturbinv line for me was the one about recognising and deepening peoples fears. That’s Brexit and Trump for you. Gratification people get from having their prejudices confirmed granted by Cambridge Analytica. 
Govt's mask slips as @DExEUgov Callanan reveals plan if MPs reject #Brexit deal: “we hope that Parliament will not reject, we will negotiate the best possible outcome but if in such circumstances there would be an instruction to move ahead without a deal” 
"Cambridge Analytica executives (behind Trump & #Brexit) have been secretly filmed saying they cld entrap politicians in compromising situations with bribes & Ukrainian sex workers".Yep "Ukrainian sex workers" - the ones Putin's Russian mob own & traffic.Penny dropped yet? 
FANTASTIC: Ukip on brink of bankruptcy after £175,000 legal bill / #Brexit #Ukip #Toxic 
Cambridge Analytica are up to their necks in it. Brexit and Trump are two sides of the same coin. At least the Americans can get rid of Trump. 
Also done in EU Referendum. Stoked up emotions on race and xenophobia. Result should be annulled. 
Must-watch: Channel 4 News on #CambridgeAnalytica #CambridgeAnalyticaUncovered. Has democracy been hijacked? If so, why are they so desperate to "deliver Brexit"?#StopBrexit now more than ever. Don't give up. Fight back! 
Scotland voted #remain. I'd happily move to an independent Scotland in EU. If #Brexit gets ruined, bonus! #May promises a fairer society whilst riding roughshod over the nations, 48%+ & EU citizens. #StopBrexit 
The Dodgy Defence Deal exposed by The Sun is STILL IN the Draft Brexit Agreement.Why would UKgov give away defence decision-making powers?Because ministers…a. don’t understand the giveawayb. are leant on by defence firms which themselves swallowed EU lies about contract wins  
“Fear and hope are the best drivers in any election - it’s no good fighting an election campaign on facts, when it’s all about emotions”. #Kenyatta’s campaigns in 2013 & 2017 in #Kenya were run by Cambridge Analytica #Brexit, anyone?#CambridgeAnalytica on @Channel4News 
This is getting murkier by the day. We need to understand what the impacts are on the validity of democratic election outcomes, inc Brexit.  
Great to meet young people from north and south of the border in @Europarl_EN today talking #Brexit and its impact on them@OCO_ireland @nichildcom 
"From the shadows, hijacking democracy": After a 4-month undercover investigation, Channel 4 releases a devastating expose of Cambridge Analytica #TrumpRussia #Brexit #Mercers  
Poll: Are you happy with transition Brexit Deal? Vote and retweet for a big sample please 
Someone tell me what @DavidDavisMP accomplished today? We will continue to be a member of the EU for another 20 months but without any say, without a vote on anything. Taking back control? There is no good Brexit just a good exit from Brexit. 
Now I realise what David Davis meant when he said Brexit negotations woud be easy...he just gives in to everything the EU wants and then announces it as if he's won a great victory for Britain.  #FinalSay 
The Brexit transition deal keeps us in the EU common fisheries policy, starving the British fishing industry. We voted to get our fishing waters back. And, Mrs May, that’s what you need to do. #ForTheNation 
The British people are sovereign.MPs are mere representatives of the people in Parliament.Most Labour MPs represent Leave-voting seats. Most Tory MPs represent Leave-voting seats.  'Transition', kindly note, was NOT on the EU Referendum ballot paper. So, NO mandate for it. 
Meanwhile back in the real world .... Theresa May's failure on the Northern Ireland border threatens Brexit talks 'crashing down', warns Good Friday Agreement's architect  
As I predicted, the Tory #Brexit deal, is destroying the Scottish Fishing industry, over this 2 year period. It seems that LibLabCon & @theSNP all prefer the #EU running our fishing grounds. I will continue to fight, alone if necessary, for Scottish fishermen! 
God save the Queen!#Brexit  
Look. Whether you want #Brexit or not is irrelevant.Because of demographics and changing contexts, in 20 years the government and opposition claim to be "respecting the referendum result" will be seen as a manipulative deceit on a par with Tony Blair's WMD dossier. 
Referendum result would have been entirely different had votes been allowed at 16  
Current state of Brexit, summarized.  
Minister in Lords says Parliament has no real say on #Brexit any more. If there is a bad deal on offer, Parl will have to vote to leave with no deal at all. Minister says Parl has been Instructed by the ppl to Leave on any terms. This surely undermines our Parl democracy 
Brexit transition: UK bows to pressure from Brussels in EU 'WALKOVER', legal expert claims  @theresa_may @Conservatives 
Lord Callanan confirms Government plans to prevent Parl having an option to reject any Brexit deal or give people a say. Outrageous #FBPE 
Another important milestone reached on the road to the final #Brexit deal – one that’s good for the UK and the EU.  
So, it's a "phased in Brexit" that they're attempting. And by the time that happens the old folks that voted leave will be dead & the youngsters that would have voted #remain will be 18. The whole situation is INSANE! 
Today @VinceCable, @JoSwinson and @thomasbrake spoke at the Brexit Stay or Go conference. For the LibDems, it’s clear: EU citizens can & should stay in the UK & the UK should stay in the EU. Brexit can be stopped, the people should have the final vote on the deal #ExitfromBrexit 
It is a consistent error in Brexiters’ thinking to assume that UK will trade ‘on its own terms’ after Brexit.It will trade on the terms others will agree to, and others are considerably more interested in focussing on their own interests than on British interests.  
I've created a glossary of Brexit/Libertarian/alt-right twitter terms and what they actually mean. You can thank me later.  
Nigel Farage demands Theresa May’s RESIGNATION over Brexit transition betrayal  via @Your Brexit 
“I have yet to see any media or front page criticise May’s brexit deal at all despite it ridiculous sellouts, uturns & betrayal of the Brexit vote. It is like the UK media are all ignoring the issues completely & saying absolutely nothing despite very valid criticisms. COVER UP” 
I love democracy that's why I won't accept a gerrymandered referendum conducted as advisory without pre-written legislation so millions of votes could be obtained for what was never available then treated afterwards as mandatory by extremists applying what voters never intended.  
Quitting early tonight. Can’t stand the degree of negativity around Brexit. Against all the odds I think May and her team have come out well. More to do but great start. All for now! 
Let this sink in:The Brexit majority reverses in 2020/21We've agreed to follow rules set by the EU WITHOUT us, until the end of 2020.So for the 2 years where one could even argue that Brexit had a majority, the only achievement of Brexit will be a loss of sovereignty. 
#brexit #irony The trawler #Farage used for his publicity stunt on the Thames “was caught up in the UK’s largest ever #fraud involving #illegal catches of #fish and is now partly owned by one of the richest #fishing barons in the country”, according to Greenpeace. pic.twitter.com/TzS7FBtIWv 
David Davis has privately said that Brexit transition of five years is needed. Today he agreed one of 20 months.  
Tory MPs concerned about fisheries deal and Brexit terms should focus on the end state. That’s what matters. 
Petition: Declare the 2016 referendum vote null and void due to foreign interference  
So, it's now totally clear that this idiot has capitulated on every point of principle that the UK had fixed during its Brexit negotiations with the EU.Here's a few reminders 1/2  
 Oh please.... We all knew this would happen. @AngusRobertson and @AngusMacNeilSNP either have a crystal ball or they are more in touch with the Brexit shambles than you and your party. They said this would happen and they were right. Fisherpeople sold down the river!  
Hey @STVNews noticed you slipped in that Scottish fishermen were blaming both the @scotgov & UK Government for their betrayal. Pray tell how that works the @scotgov has not been allowed any say in #Brexit negotiations! 
Hey @Daily_Express I don’t want to stay in the #EU by sleight of hand. I’m openly campaigning to stay because that’s what my constituents & country voted for! Why don’t u tell your readers the truth for a change? @theSNP #ScotlandsPlaceInEurope #brexit #FBPE 
Sir Patrick Stewart: "Brexit campaigners had deceived the British people with their false and deliberately misleading slogans and speeches – £350m a week promised to the National Health Service. Where is the £350m now" good question!  
For advocates of #Irexit or #Eirexit by referendum alone, today’s #Brexit surrender proves:You can’t Leave the EU with a Remain government.Only a National Government will ever be a Leave government.For a National Government, you need to join/support/vote for a National Party.  
Femi told @bbcbigquestions that young people have every right to stop Brexit. #BBCbq 
Brexit Secretary @DavidDavisMP on today’s deal with the EU:“Our teams have worked hard and at pace to secure the terms of a time limited implementation period that gives the certainty demanded by businesses and citizens across the European Union & United Kingdom.” 
My parents will be gutted. They were expecting to be out of the EU before the bubbles went flat on the bottle of champagne they opened at the referendum result. They'll be in their mid-70s by then and my then 14yo daughter will be 18 and voting. She's still really pissed off. 
No, it’s putting off facing up to the damaging consequences of Brexit until there’s no way back. Utterly irresponsible.  
Stopping Brexit is the right thing to do. But it will still hurt | Rafael Behr  
Thank you @flowersbyrosa in Witney for talking to me about your concerns of the Brexit effect on your business. #ExitFromBrexit-it’s damaging business.Demand a vote on Brexit! #giveusasayMrsMay 
'Northern Ireland could be the issue over which Brexit talks collapse'  
‘Sold Out’ – May Government Faces Open Rebellion After Fishing Industry Brexit Betrayal  
If #Brexit goes ahead the country will be nothing more than an ugly squabbling stinkpit for generations. People will leave in droves.#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Scottish Tory MPs say they will vote against any final Brexit deal that doesn't include full control of UK coastal fishing waters. That is 13 votes the PM cant afford to lose. Scottish Tories are a larger group than the DUP 
EU citizens have been used at Bargaining Chips for 21 months in #Brexit shenanigans & suddenly political parties are promising the earth to get our votes in May's Local Government ElectionsRegister to vote, friends. Now's your chance to have your say  #localelections 
.@EdwardJDavey - “We need to know how many people may have had their data breached, and whether it was used in any referendum or election campaign without their knowledge”  
mainstream politic's have made the brexit betrayal complete today as tories concede on their 7 promises and Labour wants to flood our nation with millions more migrants Lib Dems just don't know but now Democracy is dead 
IMPORTANT WATCH HERE & RETWEET - This is what has just happened in parliament, strong statements from @DamianCollins @BenPBradshaw with @SKinnock asking if the EU referendum result should be brought into question! … 
"Declare the 2016 referendum vote null and void due to foreign interference"Oi oi to @theresa_may and @jeremycorbyn#StopBrexitSaveBritain#RegisterToVote#remain#ABTV#FBPE#WATON 
Why have we got Remainers negotiating Brexit with the EU? 
Ed Davey - If evidence emerges that any organisation misused people's data to interfere in a UK election/referendum... will the minister guarantee a full public enquiry will be established to find out what happened & what the implications were?#StopBrexit #FBPE 
On Cambridge Analytica: Just asked Minister Matt Hancock to guarantee a public enquiry - if evidence emerges that any organisation misused people’s data to interfere in any UK election or referendum. He didn’t. @LibDems @guardian @carolecadwalla 
Zero sympathy for the hard-core Yoonie Fisherman. They chose Westminster rule over independence, They chose Brexit knowing the treachery of the Tories. So fuck them. 
#Brexit is reducing our influence & global standing on the world stage, exemplified by recent voting defeats at the UN. The Gvt.s ‘global Britain’ slogan is meaningless, underpinned by no clear political, strategic or funding analysis & is just a superficial rebranding exercise. 
Is it time to cancel #Brexit? 
Because Ted Heath traded Scotland’s fisheries to get Britain in to the EU, and today his successor has traded them to get Britain out - in a #Brexit that violates the will of 62% of the Scottish people.  
Maybe one day we'll agree on the fact that the Brexit some people voted for isn't actually possible.... Fingers crossed....   
There you have it, ladies and gents!Me and the far-right actually agreeing on something. The Brexit we're getting is something NOBODY voted for.  
As I said I in my comment on today’s transition deal, it is a transition of broken promises. Now that we see what Brexit means in reality we have every right to demand a #FinalSayForAll 
Globalist Theresa May successfully derails Brexit by agreeing dreadful "deal" that nobody voted for.  
War shaped my childhood – don’t let Brexit risk our peace | Patrick Stewart  
Exclusive: Theresa May's failure on the Northern Ireland border threatens Brexit talks 'crashing down', warns Good Friday Agreement's architect  
MPs call for probe into claim that social media data breach helped sway Brexit result | London Evening Standard  
What do you mean? Ross Thompson is the one who campaigned for Brexit to happen, he must have known how it will end, I knew and I told him so.  
Find your nearest anti-Brexit rally this week here.  
There were no promises before the 2016 referendum, and none since have been kept. The only democratic way forward is a #FairSayforAll referendum, with the option to #StopBrexit 
the population is furious and needs to get out there and protest its not just brexit or Islamic attacks its this whole holier than thou attitude May & her ministers have  
Today's transitional agreement is a major victory for hard Brexiteers since it carries the Brexit process beyond the date of no return, ie 29 March 2019. So Brits will discover how hard their hard Brexit is only after it has become irreversible. 
Fishing is just the latest example. If you voted Leave, you were entitled to believe the promises, but this is not the brexit you were promised. It’s not too late to change course.  
EU agreed to transition deal which removes cliff edge hard Brexit scenario 
The year is 2042. The Earth is a radioactive, smoking waste. Brexit secretary David Davis predicts the UK will be able to sign its own trade deals before the decade is out. Twitter ignores him and continues arguing about a hat. 
Absolutely, @acgrayling, I completely agree with you. This whole #brexit fiasco has made me - and so many millions of people like me - strengthen my identity with Europe.  The mood IS altering in this country. Bring on the second referendum! #stayorgo 
"MAY HAS TOTALLY BETRAYED THE FISHING INDUSTRY!” - For fishermen, there will be no Brexit, as the Theresa May has handed the EU even more power. The Tories have shafted the fishing industry on both the way in and way out of the EU.  
*** THIS IS IMPORTANT REMAINERS ***It's fight brexit now or NEVER. 
'Make no mistake - Brexit will make it harder for us to combat Russian aggression in future' | @ChukaUmunna 
The rise of fake news on Facebook has been really worrying. We fully support the work of Transparent Referendum Initiative to bring social media ads out in the open during the #8thref campaign. Find out how you can get involved below.  
EXCLUSIVE - "MINORITY REPORT" Starring Jacob Rees-Mogg as Tom Cruise.  #Brexit Facts4EU publishes Committee Minority Brexit Report drafted by @Jacob_Rees_Mogg. Avail free here:  
62% of the UKs fishing catch is landed in Scotland. The fisheries industry is a major part of the Scottish rural economy supporting jobs and businesses at sea but also in our coastal communities. Scotlands economy is a sacrificial lamb in the pursuit of an English brexit. 
Behind the scenes Scottish MSM will be trying to hustle up another news squirrel to distract from the latest Scottish Tories Brexit collapse. 
All the @Conservatives and @theresa_may have done with the transition period is to kick the ball down the road till 2021. If you think for a second that ‘we the people’ are going to allow you to betray the vote taken by 17.5million people in 2016 think again! #Brexit 
About to move cross-party amendment on Withdrawal Bill seeking option of referendum on any Brexit deal. Hoping for strong support from across the House #FBPE 
I truly welcome this consultation. I have been calling for quite some time for the Welsh Government to enable children and young people’s views to be heard and listened following the referendum result, because decisions to be made will be critically important for their future.  
Progress is made in #Brexit negotiations.EP will have final say.Discrimination against EU citizens during transition period & obstacles to free movement for UK nationals resident in EU are removed. EP will scrutinize & adapt the procedure for our citizens  
The Brexit transition deal shows that the EU, not the UK, has taken back control, writes @georgeeaton. 
Dick Mann on his ’70 Daytona-winning CB750 – the only works Honda to finish. Teammates Bill Smith, Tommy Robb and Ralph Bryans all went out with broken cam chains – Brexit perhaps coming as a relief given the titanium racer’s wild handling flat out on the banking...  
So, in essence, all the time and effort which has gone into the exit negotiations and the withdrawal agreement just mean......that things, in effect, will stay the same until 31 December 2020......which will be four-and-a-half years after the referendum."Change." 
Scottish Tory MP's verdict on his own government's Brexit deal: "It would be easier to get someone to drink a pint of cold sick than try and sell this as a success."  
Survation poll of Tory voters finds they back a 2nd referendum by 46% to 30%  
Great news. @theresa_may has delivered on #Brexit again despite @UKLabour's best efforts to screw it up! 
Why the Irish border is proving such a complicated Brexit issue  
My quick take on the politics. Despite 'vassal statedom' Ultras will accept this as likely gets them over the 03/19 line, so no fear that Brexit will slip out of their hands. The duller ones will also like the (meaningless) 'concession' on signing trade deals in transition. 1/3  
I see the @ScotTories new logo is causing some controversy !!! #brexit  
*cough* Brexit *cough*  
I say do not accept the referendum was the "Will of the people" partly because long term EU citizens did not have a vote at #StayOrGo We need a referendum on the final deal as more & more people see they were mislead. Let's vote on the reality of now. @Labour4EU @labour4europe 
Do you have confidence in this government producing the #Brexit that you voted for ? 
It doesn´t matter whether its brexit, Russia, WWlll, Islam, free speech, the EU, Child rape, because they are all being churned out for the same reason. Globalism is desperately trying to pull us down before the penny drops and Britain becomes a nation impossible to defeat !!! 
@Jacob_Rees_Mogg What are you going to do about this traitorous PM, she is giving away our fishing and immigration controls, this is not what we voted for. She is on her knees to to the EU and will never deliver the #brexit we voted for. Lose her or lose the party. 
Barnier/Davis: "We have a deal." Sinn Fein: "The British PM has buckled on the Irish border." DUP: "Oh no she hasn't." Clear as mud. #Brexit 
Here we go again: HMG raises the white flag in Brussels, yet it will no doubt be hailed as a triumph. This is shaping up to be an embarrassing Brexit delivered at all costs. Is this humiliation really what people voted for? 
UK and EU decide to postpone #brexit because 'it's way more complicated than first suggested' and 'basically it might not be as good an idea as we thought' 
Draft Withdrawal Agreement may have a few concerning items (immigration/fishing control) but this is huge step forward & the fact we can crack on with a SuperCanada type deal with EU & negotiate a host of UK trade deals is huge advance. Brexit will be born with long list of FTAs 
In light of our Govt's complete surrender to the European Union today... Maybe the Telegraph would like to retract this headline . #Brexit  
OMG !  How does Nicola Sturgeon now dare criticise the UK government for selling out the fishing industry when she's been driving for us to stay in the EU ?Unbelievable !#Brexit 
Guy, can the UK resume its EU membership during the transition? Hopefully we’ll defeat Brexit before March next year but just in case... 
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon loses the 'Battle of Brexit', Nicola Sturgeon doesn’t have a future as she drags the SNP ever downwards, when is she getting an RT show? Sturgeon good for at least 10 viewers! #UKandEU #MichelBarnier 
"What happened in the #EUref is that people voted for departure. They were unable to vote on destination because it was not made clear." @CarolineLucas #Brexit  
New Caledonia sets date (4 November 2018) for independence referendum  
Government refuse to reveal details of meetings with the man who’s shaping Brexit  Brexit ministry refusing to release details of meetings with onetime Legatum head. Latest on @opendemocracy 
Now that British have accepted Brexit commitments they must bring forward proposals - @M_AndersonSF 
If the UK wasn't an EU member would you vote for the UK to join the #EU today?Including:Joining the EURONo vetoesNo rebate 
Don’t be fooled: there was no ‘agreement’ today on anything other than the length of the period during which the UK obeys EU rules without any say on them, before becoming a ‘third party state.’ At least it gives us more time to STOP BREXIT.#FBPE #ABTV #WATON #OFOC (@acgrayling) 
Despite British Prime Minister Theresa May’s utterance that no Brititish Prime Minister would ever agree to Brexit backstop for the north legally keeping us in custom union & single market - she did exactly that in Dec & furthermore confirmed that today #Brexit #specialstatus 
So David Davis wants the UK to get all the benefits of EU membership in the transition period, but without any European Parliament voting rights or a veto.In effect, Brexit means a loss of sovereignty. 
Correct. This Government never has been serious about #BREXIT  
Welcome progress in #Brexit negotiations. The EP will scrutinise & have the final say.The UK's attempt to discriminate against EU citizens in the transition has been defeated. The EU must allow free movement for UK nationals resident in the EU after Brexit  
Well that didn't take long... #Brexit 
As @Jacob_Rees_Mogg and other Brextremists appear in media to have a shrill tantrum about Brexit being 'weakened', ask them what they have to gain from a no deal Brexit.  Only a tiny minority of predatory money hoarders could gain  
So Brexit betrayed if this is true. If the Government is to keep #NorthernIreland IN THE CU and SM then the UK is not leaving the EU. Care to comment @DavidDavisMP @theresa_may? 
This agreement with the EU in no way matches what I hoped to achieve for fishing. It will mean our fishing waters continue to be controlled by Brussels for much longer than expected.  We must have complete control of our waters after Brexit.#Brexit #fishing 
Excellent thread comparing the Brexit we were promised to he Brexit we are going to get. Promises made by Tory Ministers about transition are now promises broken. Take a look...  
Hundreds of industries are going to be screwed by Brexit, but all Brexiters care about is fishing. FFS.  
NO CHANCE: Ruth Davidson says she won't support a Brexit deal that sells out fisheries.'I will not support a deal as we leave the EU which, over the long-term, fails to deliver that full control over fish stocks and vessel access.' 
Good take. It’s becoming clearer the government hasn’t a clue how to solve the issues thrown up by Brexit.Ignoring them won’t make them go away, and getting to March 2019 and dealing with them during the transition would be an appalling risk.This whole thing is a car crash.  
The same deals we were going to do immediately after the referendum? Or new ones even better than the ones @LiamFox had already struck? 
I’m not against a transition period-what else could be done-but those who sold Brexit as taking back control need to look at this.No part in decision making, no role for parl or BofE, experts may be ‘exceptionally’ invited to meetings (but chucked out after their bit) & no vote  
Rather ironic given that the SNP oppose Brexit & would have us rejoin the EU!  
June 2016:“Let’s take back control!”March 2018:*gives away all control*#Brexit #transition 
The context of Brexit: the USA is no longer a reliable trade partner. Russia is vital for UK energy, but we can only negotiate from within the EU. China is becoming increasingly nationalist. @vincecable #BrexitStayorGo 
Please! Do the Maths!!If the Brexit negotiations are going to take MORE than the planned two years.... Then how likely are we to be able to negotiate trade deals with multiple other countries in the less the two-year transition period WHILE ALSO still negotiating Brexit?!  
Yes, I think there has been collusion all along between the EU, the UK govt and the UK Parliament to frustrate, delay and hopefully to deny BREXIT.They want to keep us paying OUR £billions to the otherwise bankrupt EUand they want to show other members what happens to exiteers  
"To consult with seven-year-olds on Brexit is really a part of a sinister plot by the Left. Bear in mind, they want votes for 16-year-olds in Wales & they also want to bring in a smacking ban. What they're really trying to do is brainwash the kids".~Gareth Bennett @WalesPolitics 
Don’t be fooled: there was no ‘agreement’ today on anything other than the length of the period during which the UK obeys EU rules without any say on them, before becoming a ‘third party state.’ But at least it gives us more time to STOP BREXIT. 
#Brexit is estimated to increase British businesses costs by £28.4 billion according to a study by the business advisory firm Oliver Wyman & the law firm Clifford Chance. The public must be granted a vote on the deal & a chance to #ExitFromBrexit as the implications become clear. 
Given the security situation and rise in economic nationalism, if there was ever a time to embark upon Brexit, this is not it #stayorgo 
.@vincecable: The Liberal Democrats are an unapologetically pro-European party and back remain. Brexit is not not inevitable and can be stopped! @StayOrGo 
#Brexit will harm the UK and millions of innocent citizens if we allow it to go ahead. Which is why we're going to #StopBrexit2018 
#Brexit #TransitionDeal announced today consists in government belatedly accepting what the EU and others have pointed out for ages, but government resisted until the last minute. 
The UK and EU agree terms for Brexit transition period  
Davis: The UK will be able to sign and ratify new trade deals during the implementation period which will come into force when it is is over - providing new opportunities for businesses across the UK and seizing one of Brexit's greatest opportunities  
Scottish Rural Secretary @FergusEwingMSP on the #Brexit transition deal: 'Ruth Davidson and Michael Gove should apologise for fishing sell-out'.  
Last year, @carolecadwalla ripped the lid off an even bigger political scandal than #TrumpRussia and was rewarded with lawsuits.Now, her find threatens the nefarious right-wing forces behind both #Brexit and #Trump by exposing their misinformation plot. 
New Caledonia sets date for independence referendum  
BREAKING: European car manufacturers say transition of 21 months "is too short". Extension needed and we have not even left yet! #Brexit  
Davis David - “It remains our intention to achieve a partnership that is so close as to not require specific measures in relation to Northern Ireland”Total betrayal of every Brexit voter. 
Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson says she will not support a Brexit deal which does not deliver full control over fish stocks and vessel access 
Had several conversations with Scottish fishermen about #Brexit last year. All of them laughed at my point of view that UKG would use their coastal waters as a bargaining chip. They called me a Nat muppet & liar.To them, after today's #fish grab, I say who's the muppet liars 
This is what @RuthDavidsonMSP said about Scottish fishing and Brexit last week.  
Good to see @simoncoveney again before my meeting with @DavidDavisMP this morning. Full support for Ireland. Backstop solution must apply unless and until another solution is found #Brexit  
“The Tories have sold out the Scottish fishing industry once again and Ruth Davidson should be shame-faced for her fastest broken Brexit promise yet”: @FergusEwingMSP 
Once again. I long ago said that Uk incompetence would mean that the Brexit deal would be written by the EU and passed to Davis with a pen.Basically...yup. 
Citizens rights; agreedFinancial settlement; agreedEU citizens’ UK residency; agreedTransition period; agreedUK freedom to make trade deals during transition; agreedStill more to be worked out, but great progress on Brexit  
So @DavidDavisMP announces that UK Government will sign away our place around the table without knowing what comes next. It's the height of irresponsibility to contemplate ‘exit day’ passing with no EU trade deal in place, fooling people with a false sense of security #Brexit 
Scottish Twitter today is really confusing today. A group of people who are against #Brexit are taking the piss out of people trying to implement Brexit for not implementing enough Brexit quickly enough. While still being against Brexit. 
Today's 'decisive step' represents reality colliding with the Government's rhetoric over Brexit:1. We were told transition period would be 'implementing' future relationship, but it will be negotiating it2. We were told UK will not pay money to EU after March 2019 but we will 
Smoke and mirrors... Scottish Tories have sat back and let the UK Gov't make Scottish Fishermen a low priority at the #Brexit negotiation table. So much for that famed influence, nothing more than rubber stamps.  
The ONLY reason to step into transition in these circumstances, rather than seek to extend Art 50, is to satisfy the Brextremists who are determined to get over the line and to drive through Brexit at any cost. It's simple. We should not leave until we know where we're going. 
And she’s done it again. Fantastic work by @theresa_may and @DavidDavisMP to secure Brexit transition terms. Stand behind your PM. She is delivering for you.  
I *believe* that assuming indyref 2 is considered a local referendum like the last one was, then ScotGov can determine the franchise.Worth another shout out to the Electoral Reform consultation which asks about this kind of thing. 
The most striking first impression of the EU transition draft is that UK ‘s many promises to the most strident #Brexit interest groups (Fishing, DUP etc) have all been abandoned in order to secure the agreement.  Illustrates @GovUK’s weakness at home and abroad. 
The Tory Party are the pretend Brexit party. They've never been serious about honouring what the 17.4 million voted for. Time for our Brexit leaders to get serious & form a Brexit caucus within Parliament to stop this Brexit sellout. 
In order to thwart the evil Putin, Captain Brexit needed the help of a league of friendly nationsSo he donned his Cape of Irony and went to ask the European Union for help#TheBrexitComic 
UK agrees to make legal Northern Ireland's place within the single market and customs union post Brexit unless another way can be found to ensure a soft border  
Just heard A Tory MP on bbcdp proclaim that people in the country have accepted Brexit is going ahead,and I just want to dispute this.There are loads of people who don't and won't just allow this act of self harm to go ahead without a continued fight. 
Whether it's sabotage or incompetence, May's government has folded pocket aces at every stage of the #Brexit 'negotiations'. This latest capitulation must now trigger a leadership challenge. We need a Brexiteer at the helm. #LeaveEU #Mogg4PM 
Britain’s Brexit deal looks like a total sellout. Fisheries? Fucked. Borders? Fucked. Sovereignty? Fucked. @DavidDavisMP must resign & Tories must put fwd a motion of no confidence in @theresa_may if they want any real eurosceptic to EVER vote for the Conservative Party again. 
"The United Kingdom will be able to ratify new trade deals - Brexit Secretary David Davis says businesses will not be affected during #Brexit transition  
Theresa May asked for a red, white and blue Brexit.We have today received a very different green, yellow and white Brexit.A Brexit which is entirely on the EU's terms.This is what "taking back control" looks like. 
Re today's #Brexit deal..... So the English have just thrown the DUP under a bus in order to save the City of London - who would ever have thought they'd do a thing like that to their most loyal subjects??? 
Draft Brexit transition deal means business face a binary choice. Plan on basis of1) Political deal = put contingency plans on hold 2) Legal certainty = make an irreversible decision to activate plans now as October too lateI'd say a 50-50 split amongst businesses I speak to 
Naysayers a year ago: May will never get Article 50 passed. She does!4 months ago: She'll never clear Stage 1 of negotiations: She does!After Xmas: Theresa May will never sort out a transition deal: Nearly done! Well done @theresa_may #Brexit  
UK trade after Brexit.  
‘Where is Mark Zuckerberg?’ Reporter nails Facebook for data ‘scandal’ that helped deliver Trump and Brexit  
So the very @GovUK Minister who told me that differentiation for parts of the UK was “impossible” now accepts that it might have to happen after all.  Continued SM membership for Scotland therefore perfectly feasible after #Brexit  and @ScotGov will continue to advocate it. 
Now that we have understandably caved in to all EU demands during the ‘negotiations’, it is surely fair to ask again: what is the point of Brexit, and is it worth it?Basically it stands for loss of control and economic growth - is that what we really want? #bbcdp 
What David Davis and Michel Barnier just agreed gets the UK all the economic benefits of EU membership in the transition, but we'll no longer have ANY SAY.Brexit just sold our sovereignty!!!  
Brexit latest & more appalling violence on the streets of Britain.  
Having sold out the Scottish fishing industry once before, the Tories are doing it again, just as many of us warned they would. You cannot trust the Tories on fishing. Not then, not now and not in future. #SellOut #Brexit  
YOUR COMMENTS: As you may well imagine, news of the Brexit transition deal being agreed upon is going down terrifically well with Mail readers.  
Brexit is turning out to be a long, twisted way of spending a lot of our money to make ourselves poorer and less influential. Time to consult with the people whose lives will be affected #SouthWestFinalSay 
Can't help but laugh at NE Tory MPs suddenly realising they're about to sell out the fishing industry and throwing around empty threats of voting against Brexit. Up Brexit creek without a paddle. 
The transition period agreed between the UK and EU has effectively overturned the June 2016 referendum. It does not equate to leaving the EU. 
"Put simply we do not trust them to look after us" Scottish Fisherman's Federation response to Brexit transition arrangements on access to UK waters.  "Falls far short of an acceptable deal" they say 
Scottish Tories now holding Scottish people hostage"You can have either devolution or Brexit, not both"There will be a third way 
OK, lots of 'fun' stuff from that Brexit press conference between Barnier and Davis. All downloaded. Editing and subtitling now. Gimme 30 min. 
If the Irish border issues are fudged to transition period, and rest of the withdrawal agreement agreed in principle, difficult to see any reason why Brexit will not take place on 29 March 2019.No real and current prospect of Article 50 extension or revocation of notification. 
The (widely predicted) beginning of the end of the United Kingdom of Great Britain & Northern Ireland, brought to you by the Brexit government, comprising the 'Conservative and UNIONIST Party' and the 'Democratic UNIONIST Party' of N Ireland. They both need new names.  
Anyone else feel that this has all been stage managed from the beginning ?#Brexit #Brexiteers #LeaveEU 
Gibraltar leaves the EU as the same time as Britain, Michel Barnier says  
Now published! The #Heritage of #Brexit: Roles of the past in the construction of political identities through social media. 1st study of public perceptions and experience of the past based on #Facebook #BigDataIncludes interactive #topicmodels 
Brexit Secretary David Davis announces that the EU and the UK have come to an agreement on protecting citizens rights during the transition period  
Brexit Secretary David Davis said that the agreement represented a"significant step" on ensuring a time-limited implementation period after Brexit which would deliver the certainty demanded by business. #Brexit 
A new @YouGov poll shows growing opposition to a second EU referendum, with a 10% majority against.The country has moved on, isn't it time our political class did so too?  
Virging on a burlesque parody but sadly the reality of the sad but entertaining Alice in Wonderland Brexit process  
The farce with the #Brexit negotiations continues. David Davis and his team instead if walking out and forcing Michael Barnier to beg London for any deal are negotiating a perverse arrangement for the UK to have no say yet abide by EU laws and rules. What the hell is that? 
The reaction to the events in Salisbury from our European allies has been much warmer than President Trump, who has gone out of his way not to support Britain against Russia. #Brexit leaves us reliant on the irrational Trump and threatens our security cooperation with the EU. 
The UK and EU, will Brexit actually change anything? £Billions spent on this #Brexit shambles could have been spent on our wonderful #NHS. We MUST have a 2nd ref. Electorate is sick of all this nonsense. 
EU's Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier says there are still outstanding issues relating to Irish border: "We are not at the end of the road and there is a lot of work still to be done."   #brexit 
Au contraire, Helen, it was not 'the left's blithe rejection' of legitimate concerns which caused Brexit but the very precise obvious, the metropolitan middle-class centrists' belief that any racist bilge was what 'real people in Stoke' thought and therefore had to be appeased. 
Rather than putting OUR money where your mouth is, why don't you promise to personally pay £350 million to the NHS if there is no Brexit Divided by 2025?C'mon @Jacob_Rees_Mogg, where's your British can-do entrepreneurial attitude? Where's your belief in brexit?  
Michel Barnier announces that the UK will be part of the European single market until the Brexit transition period finishes on the 31st of December 2020  
David Davis replaced as Brexit negotiator by two short planks 
BREXIT: Channel 4 News will broadcast Cambridge Analytica exposé despite legal threat / #EU #Brexit  
OOPS ANOTHER WHEEL COMING OFF THE BUS-Ex-leader of Mays Downing Street policy board says he will not back her Brexit deal if it creates hard border in NI. George Freeman MP warned time is running out to resolve issue which is a “red line” for himself & other Tory backbenchers. 
The joint legal text for draft withdrawal agreement will go to the European Council of EU leaders for approval at Thursday's summit - Michel Barnier says  #Brexit 
I keep returning to this. Surely anybody who campaigned with these undeniable facts (and pointed out that Brexit would inevitably mean a hard border in Ireland) would have to bow out of the ring and not become spearhead of hard #Brexit if the other side won?  
Breaking news: Britain and the EU have agreed on terms for a 21-month transition period after Brexit  
Pound rises against dollar as Britain and EU confirm they've reached a Brexit transition deal  
EU and UK reach Brexit transition deal  
The UK and EU agree terms for Brexit transition period  
1/x Here's the colour-coded text of the Brexit withdrawal agreementgreen = agreed in principle, maybe technical legal revisionyellow = policy agreed, drafting still an issuewhite = not agreed yet Some thoughts  
BREAKING: David Davis and Michel Barnier announce Brexit transition agreement that ties the UK to EU rules  
BREAKING: Brexit negotiators announce a transition deal to keep Britain and EU aligned until the end of 2020.We've agreed on a large part of the treaty, Michel Barnier says  
EU's negotiator Michel Barnier hails "decisive step" towards UK's orderly withdrawal from EU  #Brexit  
BREAKING: EU chief negotiator says a 'large part' of Brexit deal has been agreed to with the UK 
BREAKING: EU negotiator says sides have agreed 'large part' of Brexit treaty. 
Maybe she should have thought about that before.Scottish independence would ruin our Brexit deal, says Theresa May#FBPE 
It is clear that Cambridge Analytica have misled MPs and the public in harvesting personal data from Facebook. CA have denied working on Brexit campaign but Brexit campaigners openly say they did. Serious questions now need to be asked about that data too.  
Who do you trust more to get it right on #Brexit?Please RT! 
MPs call for probe into claim that social media data breach helped sway Brexit resultSir Ed Davey asked Speaker John Bercow to grant an urgent question to MPs over claims the data was used to bombard individuals with propaganda#FBPE #StopBrexit 
As ever with Brexit, to take back control is to give it up. The only acceptable deal for aviation is to stay inside the EU agency, instruments and decisions. And if we can’t influence those decisions, we have only ourselves to blame.  
Brexit legend Jacob Rees-Mogg has hit out at chief remoaner Hillary Benn and his anti-Brexit buddies, describing Benn as the "High Priest of Remain".It's about time the anti-British remoaners got put in their place! Well said Jacob!!   
Health care in the Brexit withdrawal agreement - in particular a) the EHIC card and b) pensioners living abroad Updated analysis by Prof @TamaraHervey - based on the revised proposed text of the withdrawal agreement -  
You want the UK to set the terms of its trade?UK vs Brexit - Who's been setting the terms?UK vs US - Will Mr America-First let us set the terms?UK vs China - Triple our GDP. Market = Billion ppl. Who'll set the terms?Or we could have one of the strongest seats at the EU table 
Your @WelshLabour Govt is to launch a consultation with children and young people to ensure they have a say about the #Brexit process. It will ensure their views are represented in the @WelshLabour Govt’s decisions about #Wales’ future once the UK leaves the EU. @huw4ogmore 
Those in favour of #Brexit keep pointing towards lots of new trade deals. Unfortunately, @liamfox’s jolly around the world to sort out these deals hasn’t worked out so far. It’s unclear how new trade outside the EU will make-up for the loss of trade with the EU. 
.@joswinson: it is still possible to stop Brexit, but we must encourage dialogue and discussion between leave and remain voters #StayorGo #LibDems 
My respect 4 her grows with each passing week & each statement. We need many more MPs to do their homework, appreciate the dire consequences of this flawed #Brexit & to get behind a #FinalSayForAll with a #Remain option. Play the Get out of Jail Free Card & #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
.@joswinson is discussing the increasing distrust and division in the UK and the dangers of echo chambers, as well as the way in which this contributed to Brexit at the #StayorGo conference #LibDems 
The pound jumped after reports the EU and Britain reached a deal over a Brexit transitional period  
The Brexit transition is merely an extension of our EU membership in the hope that it will keep businesses from leaving the UK. But it will leave us without a vote or any influence in the EU.   
If you read one tweet in this thread, make it this one.We can argue whether the decisions made in anticipation of Brexit were justified, (Nurses leaving, businesses moving, pound devaluation etc...)But you CANNOT argue that because you think we're OK now, we'd be fine after.  
The great Brexit irony: leaving will mean more bureaucracy, not less - my piece for @prospect_uk 
Stephen Kinnock - Theresa May triggered article 50 without having a clue what she wanted out of negotiations. You can't Square a free trade agreement with having no infrastructure on the Irish border... so again it's a rainbows & unicorns approach to brexit@SKinnock #FBPE 
Brilliance by Stewart Lee on Britain, Brexit and Russia.  
The media is talking about: RussiaThe media is not talking about: 'Brexit in Name Only' Transition Treaty & sell out of UK fisherman, Italian populist election win, South African farm confiscations, Foreign aid corruption & child abuse, Telford grooming, pimping & rape gangs.. 
Good to see papers in other countries picking up on this story. It’s vital that the Govt. pauses #brexit to ensure that UK is not thrown off a cliff and to enable parliament (& public) to better understand #brexitreality before meaningful vote in October! 
Risk being a joke nation - thanks to the UK Govt's handling of brexit the UK IS ALREADY A JOKE NATION. Mogg's done an awful lot of talking but have seen very little action from him thus far same goes for all leaver MP's & Ministers  
Peter Galbraith, one of the engineers behind KRG "economic independence" which led Iraqi government to cut KRG budget in 2014 and one of Barzani advisors who pushed for 25 Sep referendum, earned more than $100M in one of KRG's oil agreements in 2009. 
And again! More EU rules that we need to keep after all, this time #Aerospace   Is #brexit worth it? 
A central pillar in the #Brexit cause is fabulous new trade deals. This looks like another false promise to me. 
Dr Lauren telling it like it is on LBC. There is a grand plan to sell off the NHS and Brexit facilitates it. @DancingTheMind 
BREAKING: U.K. officials believe Brexit transition deal has been agreed with the EU, sources say  
This lovely man @OwenPaterson knows what he's talking about because he was the secretary of state responsible. We quoted him in the first of our 2-parter on fisheries and #Brexit here: 2nd part here:  
If the LibDems are remembered by some for tuition charges whilst in a coalition, the tories will be remembered for ending free school meals, and brexit. Their reputation will be trashed for years. Tutition charges.... melt in to nothing in to comparison to brexit #fbpe #LibDems 
What evidence do you have that migrants come here solely to obtain benefits?Do you know that to be eligible for benefits you have to work for 4 years first?This whole "migrants are coming here to steal our benefits* idea is a #Brexit myth put about by trolls to cause division.  
With the UK declining to furnish #Russia with a sample of the nerve agent they accuse them of usingIs the #Skripal affair an attempt to pull off a "Falklands War" parallel that kept #thatcher in powerAs @theresa_may's government sink deeper into the abyss that is #brexit?. 
Children are affected by the 8th Amendment, as shown by the news this weekend. Here is a handy article with advice about how to talk to your children about this referendum.  
St Patrick points at Brexit  
The fishing industry backed UKIP & Nigel Farage - who didn’t bother to attend EU debates/votes on fishing industry - now want exemption for Grinsby as EU free port to keep its fish industry.If you want to understand how #Brexit happened.That would be a perfect place to start. 
Fully expecting delays today on #Brexit #transition talks. It will be orchestrated by France who are trying to relocate trade & City business to Paris, but will be presented as a dispute over the Irish border. #Collusion. #Duplicity 
Theresa May, Philip Hammond, Boris Johnson, Amber Rudd and David Lidington have all in the past warned that Brexit would put Britain at further risk from Russia #LeaveWatch 
Good meeting with @MichelBarnier again this morning - #Brexit negotiations are moving forward - progress on Irish issues remains a key priority for both negotiating teams and solidarity with our EU partners remains strong.  
'declare the 2016 advisory referendum result null and void due to foreign interference' Petition.  Sign then RT. Lets take back control of our own borders from Russia.... #FBPE #WATON #ABTV 
Commons committee: Regulatory divergence 'self-defeating' for aerospace sector post-Brexit  
And the youth here (some) bleat on about how they’re being robbed of their future by #Brexit - maybe they should have a chat with some of the young victims of Germany’s success in the Southern EU 
Tory MP @John2Win: I’ll vote down Brexit deal if it doesn’t include complete control of fisheries.Britain’s fishermen must not be betrayed! @fishingforleave 
Tory plan to amend Holyrood's alternative Brexit Bill backfires  
The “#Brexit dividend” doesn’t exist.  In fact #Brexit will cost all of us a lot of money.  The reality will be further Tory austerity because of Rees -Mogg and his pals’ imperialistic delusions.  Still millionaires will feel it less harshly than the rest of us.  
DUP Donaldson can’t remember why his Brexit campaign spent more than £32,000 on controversial data analytics company linked to Trump | openDemocracy  
Summary:1. Brexit means War in Our EU Federation.2. Which is why I have appointed Jean-Luc Druncker as Our New Captain of Our USS EUterprise.3. He will hold a new Referendum on whether Our Borg should assimilate us.4. Resistance is - literally - futile.5. That's all, folks!  
Jacob Rees-Mogg has warned the Government Britain will not accept a deal which leaves us subservient to EU rules. We must be able to forge our own future after Brexit! 
Jacob! Your standing back whilst the PM makes a complete 'horlicks' of our Brexit negotiations amazes me. The majority of the Nation is crying out for a leader to lead us out of the EU  completely and cleanly. You are that leader! 
'After controlling for age, gender, region, education, EU referendum vote, social liberalism, personal finances, the economy, NHS, schools and tuition fees, a respondent’s housing tenure was still a statistically significant predictor for both parties'  
Have you heard about the word???Anti-Brexit Voting on May the ThirdThird, Third, Third is the WordWe’re Anti Brexit voting on May the ThirdI say Third, Third, on May the ThirdGet out and vote on May the Third #abtv #fbpe #fbr #IamEuropean 
Brexit has made us a joke nation already. Stopping it & getting back to normal would earn us respect, as would sacking the jokes who masquerade as politicians in our current Parliament.  
They naïvely think #Brexit is about regaining Control whereas we'll lose Control & Influence over EU policies, we'll lose Rights..& the Govt is grabbing control over Parliament.These charlatans aren't interested in the Will of the Ppl merely in imposing their will on the Ppl  
[Ticker] How Facebook data helped Trump and Brexit campaigns  
The emerging story and this tweet from #CambridgeAnalytica (see the responses strongly disagreeing with them) makes you think - should I trust what they are telling me? Do we need a criminal investigation of the Brexit campaigns and campaigners? I think we do. #StopBrexit 
Footage shows ‘extremist Muslims’ attacking protestors at Speakers Corner event  via @Your Brexit 
COMPETITION! Win this original signed drawing  from my Brexit tea towel (). To enter, just RETWEET this tweet! Comp closes 20th March at 4pm (GMT). 
Interesting. Business is already adapting, adjusting, innovating as we knew it would. Brexit will work out because business people cannot allow it to do otherwise. All we need now is our politicians and disaster hungry media to find something else to occupy their time with.  
Labour have solved Brexit... (by @SKZCartoons) 
UK anti-obesity drive at risk from new US trade deal.Expect more of this after Brexit.Trade is always about compromise.The compromises we make with the EU are good compromises.The Brexit idiots promise a world without compromise. That's a fantasy. 
When asked about some of the timescales involved with Brexit the Foreign Minister described the criticisms as "BBC claptrap".  
Remainer MPs on Brexit Committee are trying to stop Britain leaving the EU, JRM says they’re doing everything to block progress, including extending transition period & compiling a report to influence gov, Jacob’s at war insisting Brexit members should also present a report. 
#Brexit is not taking back control: May has said UK hopes to remain in EASA, even as a non-voting member: becoming a rule-taker, not a rule-maker. And there is no practical alternative; no preparations being made for one. #StopBrexit 
Brexit, Russia, Jeremy Corbyn. Meanwhile, >10,000 additional people die in 1st 7 wks of 2018 & no one says a word. Where are you .@BBCNews .@BBCNewsnight .@Channel4News .@Telegraph .@LBC .@BBCRadio4 ?#NHS #NHScrisis 
There is a lot of hype about David Davis, the #Brexit Secretary, being in Brussels today for talks. But, speaking to EU27 ministers and senior figures at EU insititutions, it’s clear who is leading negotiations for the UK side: Ollie Robbins, the PM’s #Brexit advisor. 
David Davis in Brussels to thrash out terms of implementation deal | Jacob Rees-Mogg warns that Britain risks becoming a 'joke nation' if it cannot sign trade deals during transition | Poll shows growing opposition to second EU referendum  
Britain will only get the Brexit deal it needs with Scotland “pulling together” with the rest of the country, Theresa May will say at the Conservative Spring Forum on Friday.Then why is it we have a power grab and banned from the EU Neg table?No respect for Scotland from the BG 
 Press conference today at 12:45pm (Brussels time) following latest round of #Brexit negotiations  watch live here:  
"A fully-fledged European defence community." What we've been saying since long before the Referendum. Slammed by Remainers as liars, but we kept saying it. Our latest defence articles:  and  
Patrick Harvie has renewed the Green’s commitment to campaign for a Yes vote in any new referendum on Scottish independence.  
Here's news about the campaign to highlight that #Brexit promised a big fat burger and is turning out to be an almost empty bun  Look out for the billboards and please retweet 
Serial liar Boris Johnson asking today for unity against Russia from an EU he demonised with Fake News, fibbed about in the referendum and continues to ridicule is the chutzpah of an over-privileged oaf 
BACK OFF: Brexiteers warn Brussels to stop pushing UK around if they want a deal. Or we walk - and pay no Brexit bill!  
New anti-Brexit billboards going up today across the country. Actually not bad at all  
Fishermen voted Brexit to protect livelihoods, but UK Gov's failing to take back control of UK waters & negotiate a good deal. Gov should have listened to fishermen & negotiated better deal inside EU long before the referendum! #RenewBritain #RethinkBrexit 
Some people appear offended by my occasional sweary rants. For this I make no apologies on the grounds of being deeply offended by Brexit, every single fucking day. If you want to put an end to my swearing then put an end to fucking Brexit. 
"The people who called on MPs to intervene, unelected Lords to intervene, launching legal challenges... are now saying they love democracy. We don't buy it"@Tom_Slater_ demolishes the calls for a second EU referendum on #bbctbq 
The critical measure of May's Brexit is the 200 mile fishing limit. Unless Brexit includes exclusive UK control of all UK waters she has failed the UK' She must decide to ensure that or hand over to someone who will. 
The Tories have more than doubled cuts on the poorest since re-election in 2015 and #Brexit would deepen austerity. Give the People the #FinalSay 
Here's the reason why there is war over brexit, because it is fundamentally a false result. The reason why it is war is because it is in fact not the will of the people at all, it's the will of a tiny power crazed Far Right authoritarian well financed coup. Rees Muck, Bannon etc 
Your daily reminder that #Brexit is built on a tissue of lies that are unravelling. The British people were sold a false prospectus. We must have a #FinalSay with an option to #ExitFromBrexit and #Remain. Anything else would be undemocratic and a danger to the national interest. 
After a brutal winter, parts of the NHS are close to breaking point. Leaving the EU would only deepen the staffing and financial crisis. To be the party that (again) saves the #NHS, Labour must stand against #Brexit. Thank you @BenPBradshaw for securing this vital debate  
Following an entire career built on maligning & misrepresenting the EU, culminating in Brexit, Boris Johnson is in Brussels today seeking political unity with our soon to be ex-partners. What a bloody travesty. 
Oh dear. Seems the @ScotTories have quite a bit to learn about parliamentary tactics #Brexit #ScotlandsPlaceInEurope 
We should also add that many leavers are glad to see us, with the growing Brexit disaster they want a #SouthWestFinalSay Join us at our march in #Exeter on 24th March  
Doctors lobby to defend EU health standards in @UKHouseofLords | #Brexit #DoNoHarm amendment backed by more than 15 medical groups including @rcgp @RCollEM @R_S_P_H @FPH  
Britain’s aviation regulator is doing no preparatory work to take over responsibilities from the EU’s watchdog after Brexit, as “it would be misleading to suggest that’s a viable option”.  
I'd argue that while Facebook was incredibly incompetent the real story is you have a company iwned by one billionaire using military grade information warfare on a civilian population in order to influence their votes in a democratic election/referendum. 
Brexit is a lie and any politician backing Brexit is a liar, regardless of their past behaviour 
Rees-Mogg demands inquiry over civil servants  'hoodwinking' voters with 'KitKat' Brexit  
Britain must not become a ‘subservient state’, Tories warn as fresh Brexit talks begin  Bit late for the Brexiters to be worrying about Britain looking like a joke abroad (not their fault, of course!). 
Pierre Nkurunziza Of Burundi, is the Worst President in Africa & wants to take the Clown Crown from Yahya Jammeh, Former President Of Gambia .. Like Jammeh, Nkurunziza hides under religion on an illiterate population ... AU, if true to its Charter should disown May 11 Referendum. 
BREXIT BRITAIN WILL BE GRIDLOCK BRITAIN-Interesting BBC NEWS ITEM yesterday. I think it was called "inside out". The article was discussing research into effect on roads around Dover if border changes resulting from Brexit resulted in a delay at Dover for processing of lorries. 
Most Theresa May voters support another Brexit referendum, poll reveals  
#Brexit plans include "special passport arrangements" for #Canada, #Australia & #NewZealand#CANZUK #cdnpoli #auspol #nzpol #UKPolitics 
War shaped my childhood – don’t let Brexit risk our peace | Patrick Stewart  
.@BBCPolitics Remember how excited you all got about fishing during #Brexit referendum? Remember those pictures of Farage and Hoey and the flotilla on Thames? I hope you are going to report on govt reneging on promise to ‘take back control of our waters’SW fishers demand truth 
On early flight to Brussels for meeting with @MichelBarnier this morning - important day in #brexit negotiations in build up to EU Council on Thurs/Fri - no backsliding on Irish Border issue remains clear focus to facilitate progress on other issues. 
Before another vote in favour of Brexit MPs should be required to put their hand on their heart and declare that the country and their constituents will be better off after Brexit. If they can’t do this they shouldn’t vote for it. 
Tory plan to amend Holyrood's alternative Brexit Bill backfires  
Scottish independence would ruin our Brexit deal, says Theresa May  #Referendum2018 
What part of the disaster that is Brexit do referendum-advocates not get? Asking the often uninformed public to direct policy is a ludicrous idea advanced by lazy politicians. As for the carbon tax, the Conservatives are "full of baloney":  #cdnpoli #abpoli 
Brexit is almost dead, the reasoning behind its justification weakens every day, the promises of the Leave Campaign are watered down by the hour.Brexit as promised simply does not exist.#FinalSay #FBPE #WATON 
For Eddie Woo, there's a direct link between the trouble many adults have with maths and the election of Donald Trump, Brexit and climate change denial  | @pallavisinghal_ 
proud to contribute to a piece by the excellent @WendySiegelman, spurred by @brexit_sham! 
UK aerospace industry could be priced out after Brexit - lawmakers  
Cambridge Analytica, which swayed elections for both Brexit & Trump, is funded by top Trump backer, Robert Mercer.  
Let's hope many other MPs have the guts to stand up for their country and constituents to vote down a transition that increasingly looks like an engingered capitulation to Brexit In Name Only @Jacob_Rees_Mogg @johnredwood @OwenPaterson @cmackinlay @annietrev @PeterBoneUK 
BREXIT CHAOS: MPs warn of Brexit damage to UK aerospace / #EU #Brexit #Aviation 
As Brexit-supporting British decry immigrants to the UK, some British are moving the other way for the better health care offered in France and much of Europe.  
But Brexit would surely ruin our once United Kingdom? 
Lost referendum.Lost election.Lost her Poll. Blames it all on trolls and hackers  
AlternativelyJan- Brexit will be aceFeb- Deal coming soonMar- SoonApr- SoonishMay- HonestJun- Patience it'll all be fineJul- It's all under controlAug- Look! Over there!Sep- Russia!Oct- ¶π¢€Nov- Brexit will be ace, honest, deal coming soonDec- Next year, promise 
Nothing sinister in the fact that Jacob Rees-Mogg, whose firm is a major investor in a sanctioned Russian bank, is also a great favourite of Putin bots & sockpuppets. They just happen to share a mutual interest in #Brexit, that's all.  
As reported in Leeds Live – please come and help us turn the streets of Leeds into a forest of blue and gold flags. Some cracking speakers, and a chance to show the North of England what we think of Brexit. #StopBrexit2018 
The vocal Brexiters convinced people in financial hardship to vote Brexit with promises of prosperity.Now that's no longer on the cards, they're pretending that those people are just as fundamentalist as they are....  
Universal Credit is taking 12 years from being announced to full roll out. That is perhaps a more useful comparison than World War One. Oh, and Brexit is much more complicated than Universal Credit.  
Story around FB & CA alarming Democracy is being subverted on global scale & by whom? Who gains from this ...#Trump#Brexit#Catalonia#Ref on 8th amendment Voters being manipulated by misinformation put out by ppl w enough money to afford it & who want to control how we vote 
But you don't see Brexit as harmful? OK, then....Our Femi, who studied EU Law in two unis, used his knowledge to come up with a best case scenario for Brexit.If you can come up with a way Brexit *doesn't* hurt us, please... tell us. 
What is 'unpatriotic' about being unwilling to accept harm to your country?#Brexit 
The growing evidence that Cambridge Analytica influenced the Referendum result should be enough to cancel A50 #FBPE #ABTV #OFOC #WATON 
Everyone in the UK who voted against Brexit needs to get behind Scottish independence  - By supporting Scottish independence you can put a stop to the Tory Brexit madness. 
Despite the alt right trolls, the vote is swinging. Brexit will be shown to be the biggest threat to our future. You all know it, even if you don't want to admit it. Open the borders, welcome all, say YES to friendship and freedom of movement. 
Theresa May says "Scottish independence would ruin *OUR* Brexit deal".She reckons Scots need to forget what's best their country and do what's best for the Tories and the offshore accounts of their tax avoiding billionaire pals. 
On a number of occasions the MSM has misrepresented Corbyn and that is shameful. But they haven’t misrepresented his views on Brexit in respect of which he has been naive, muddleheaded and plain wrong. 
This hasn’t made me rich, but I’m proud of the fact that, as a journalist, I never wrote a single sentence that wasn’t opposed to Brexit. 
Oh look there's another one linking Cambridge Analytica to Brexit @hugorifkind @carolecadwalla (ht @JimMFelton ) How interesting @ICOnews 
This is potentially explosive. One more reason the UK is likely to promote a “no deal” Brexit and walk away. This was the alleged reason for Brexit in the first place so if leaving involves the same requirements on tax avoidance then they will walk.  
COMMENT OF THE DAY: Ah, yes. That time the government sent pro-Remain leaflets to Hong Kong. So that Brits abroad could vote in the referendum. Good times.  
Let #Brexit be the ultimate proof that Referendums are the tools of depots and fools. Britain is only exceptional in its number of imbeciles who would seek to damage our nation for a generation in the quest for some post imperial glory that does not exist. 
"Ruin *our* Brexit"The Tory's BrexitWell fuck ye  
Is this the Scottish Tory leader saying she’ll want her 13 MPs to veto a Brexit deal that doesn’t include full control of fishing? UK gov seems to be signalling that’s unlikely....  
Home to snow after two weeks in the sun and heat. On the Bathgate train, straight into politics with two young folk who were achingly aware they have not been told the truth in either referendum. Yes badges distributed.  Good to be back  
Bullying EU chiefs have been warned their campaign of “threats and scaremongering” will never halt Brexit:  
'It's BBC claptrap!' Boris tells Marr to STOP bleak Brexit claims, UK will have GIANT deal  
Given all the Russia related mud slinging this story about the #Brexit Select Committee majority report is not getting enough coverage. I’m proud to be one of the “high priests of #Remain”  #FBPE  
Scottish independence would ruin our Brexit deal, says Theresa May  
over 40 large organisations are now queuing up to set up a business in the UK to enable them to trade with the rest of the world freely through UK just as I predicted when the EU referendum was cast  
Worst-case Brexit scenario (I think) is now as follows:Massive fudge that achieves a technical exit from the EU, but puts UK entirely at the mercy of rules we no longer control.Major but not terminal hit to the economy; slow and irreversible decline over 10 years; rejoin. 
POLL: Two hours ago, Scottish Tory MP John Lamont said he will defy the government whip to vote against the final Brexit deal if it doesn't include full UK control of fishing.  Do you believe him? 
And if each MP with a constituency Brexit negotiation interest were to be given a green light to threaten to vote down the Withdrawal Deal... then the chances of it passing the Commons may just have fallen fairly sharply... Car factories? City? Pharma research? Universities? 
Frankly I’ll believe it when I see it either a decent deal for fisheries from a UK Govt or in the event there isn’t a @ScotTories rebellion. #brexit #ScotlandsPlaceInEurope 
'We'll pay billions to EU for 46 YEARS' Farage RANTS against Brexit deal 'no-one mentions'  
The CBI is seeking to prevent the loss of as much as €1bn (£882m) in annual European funding for scientific research and technological development, which has been thrown into doubt by Brexit.  
Scottish Conservative MP suggests he’ll vote down final Brexit deal without full fishing control - not where transition talks are currently heading in Brussels  
Brexit hurts Europe, but it hurts Britain more  
Doesn't the Left and our stupid government realise yet? The more they try to oppress us, we will come back fighting. It's happened with Brexit and now Free Speech and it will happen with Islam#SpeakersCorner 
Cambridge Analytica revelations should be concerning for Irish voters who may be similarly targeted in the upcoming referendum. An analytics expert who previously worked for CA is working with the campaign against repealing the Eighth Amendment  
It’s high time @BorisJohnson realised there’s now far too much baggage attached to him ever to become PM & retired gracefully from the scene. The EU referendum prevarication and subsequent lies killed off the public’s affection for him. He’s nowadays just seen as a nasty clown.  
We Remainers agree with the Brexit populists on one thing: we reject this pathetic UK Parliament. It's as dead as a dodo. But here's our civil war: we don't reject representative democracy as such. They want a revolution of the Executive. We want a revolution of the Legislature. 
The European Union is one giant protectionist racket:  #Brexit 
This is a very interesting episode of @RemainiacsCast -albeit pretty worrying given what @jayrayner1 says about #brexit likely effect on the food industry. If unlike @michaelgove you think it’s vital we listen to experts, tune in & then highlight the issues to others.#StopBrexit 
He's my MP. I asked him to identify tangible benefits of Brexit. He couldn't. Only benefit mentioned was 'sovereignty'. To him that means no ECJ. I suggested we would have to deal with ECJ for any trade deal, no reply. Delusonal ideology only. 
Boris Johnson is trying to appeal for collective support to deal with developing concern with Russia.  Sir Roderic Lyne added “Brexit has made Britain’s task harder in appealing for EU solidarity this week. The UK alone cannot have a big impact on Russia."  
#countryfileA NEW LOW FOR THE BBCWe have come to expect #brexit negativity from Countryfile - but the STATE broadcaster of a CHRISTIAN country attempting to JUSTIFY VILE #halal slaughter practices ON OUR SOIL...THAT is BEYOND despicableComplaints to @Ofcom will follow 
So @BBCAnyQuestions thought would be balanced to ask; "should the people have the final say on the Brexit deal?" at Uni' of Sussex, Brighton. A Uni that has seen people physically assault Brexiteers, banned Brexiteers from premises and also have Caroline Lucas in the front row.  
Diane clearly explains the Labour position on using nuclear power if we are under severe threat It's as clear as their Brexit policy! #NationalSecurity 
HER DEAL, The TORIES DEAL.............NOT SCOTLAND'S DEAL. ARE YOU YES YET? This lot only care about themselves, they don't care one jot for Scotland, not one! Scottish independence would ruin our Brexit deal, says Theresa May  
Ruth Davidson supports Scottish Tory MPs rejecting Brexit deal unless Britain takes back control of her territorial waters.The CFP has been disastrous for our fishermen. Brexit is a fantastic opportunity to revive this dying industry!SUPPORT US @  
Excellent @BBCCountryfile makes case for British lamb (tastes great & sheep farming vital for hill management) & #SingleMarket & #CustomsUnionWhy risk tariffs & abandon regulatory alignment w EU for unicorn trade deals when we already are exporting to new markets? #Brexit #barmy 
Theresa May's ministers repeatedly warned that Brexit would put Britain at risk from Russia  via @BIUK_Politics 
Moved back home to recover from surgery and being subjected to #countryfile Apparently Muslims have saved the sheep industry but Brexit will still ruin everything. 
Here we go again with the anti Brexit rubbish and yet more scaremongering from the BBC. But at the same time supporting Halal food. Time to scrap the BBC #countryfile 
Data,democracy & dirty tricks;what happens if it is discovered that the Brexit Referendum was seriously & illegally manipulated?  
Brexit stamps..  #BrexitNews 
The illegal psy ops operation behind the #MAGA and #Brexit campaigns. #TrumpRussia #ProtectMueller 
This poll has been invaded by fascist bots. Let's RT and give the fascists a kicking.#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit 
READ: hardly a day goes by without a promise made by leading Brexiters during the campaign is broken.It's clear: the Brexit that the country voted for isn't the one we're getting. Please RT: 
Disappointing how strident Hilary Benn is being on Brexit committee - ought to be bringing sides together  
There is no Brexit dividend.  
I wondered for a moment how a nation could have been so easily fooled, then I remembered Brexit. All you need is a compliant state broadcaster behind you.  
Still seeing some Labour people saying Labour is not a pro-Brexit party. Presumably they believe that Corbyn is lying when he says the "ship has sailed" on staying in the EU and that the UK must quit the Single Market. #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit #ABTV 
Slowly each and every Brexit constituency is being sold down the river. Farmers, car makers, fishermen, all to achieve the ends of a clique of hard-right disaster capitalists and tax dodgers. #youvebeenhad  
British exports post-brexit   
#EUsuperwolf and #EUsupergirl All going to plan so far...Airport in the morning and then onto #Berlin! No pesky snowflakes gonna stop this snowflake stopping Brexit! #StopBrexit 
All Leave-backers on the Brexit Select Committee reject its new anti-Brexit report  
UK abandons bid for immediate return of fisheries control after Brexit – sources  
The cracks are firmly showing now as domestic ministers call on the EU Commission to give Britain a fair Brexit deal. Member States are petrified of being cut off from our market! We rely on public donations. Support us at  
We must leave the CFP and we must be able to decide who comes in to our waters to fish, and how much they catch. A failure to deliver would mean this historic opportunity that Brexit represents to revitalise our coastal communities would simply be thrown away #Brexit @ScotTories 
The 28 year old, pink haired, whistleblower who created & oversaw Steve Brannon’s Cambridge Analytica with its links to UK Brexit Leave campaign and Team Trump in the US presidential election.  via @guardian 
If the Irish border question is not enough to ensure a Hard Brexit and the end of the talks in next few weeks,this will probably guarantee it, be ready for a  Indy Referendum . 
But to think that a teacher in a school thought it's ok to let pupils do this as homework in this climate of Brexit - when there are EU nationals *in* the class - that really is quite something. Awful, truly awful. 5/5 
Last year I predicted that Trump, Brexit and Theresa May would all be finished by this June. I’m still standing by that. 
@Rachael_Swindon @UKDemockery Food banks, homelessness, fiscal genocide of the disabled, ATOS, Brexit chaos, 2 trillion debt, paedophile scandal, cuts, austerity, Grenfell all things theyve hidden behind the shield of this dubious Russia nerve agent fairy tale  
Brexit will make Britain poorer. Fact.Corbyn supports and enables Brexit. Fact.>> consequence: Corbyn is actively working to make Britain poorer. So no, I'm not insane. But all this is profoundly tragic because Corbyn chose to adopt this position when he could pursue another.  
Nicola Sturgeon just announced a second Scottish independence referendum  
The tribal bickering and finger pointing over Brexit and reaction to Russia just exposes how broken, inward-looking and petty our politics is. And I’m not saying who wrote this because it isn’t about the messenger, it’s the message. And it’s spot on.  
Britain will still be paying for Brexit in 2064, official forecasts suggest  
#BehindEveryGreatCounty was our theme for this year's St Patrick's Day Parade in London. Thanks to @SkyNews for talking to us about the upcoming referendum to #RepealThe8th  & our #HomeToVote campaign #StPatsDayLDN 
So you understand how the British state controls what we feel strongly about, Brexit is a disaster, the Tories in disarray, it bungs protection money to the odious DUP, Boris, a man with a Russian name waffles on, and we are all talking about Corbyn's hat.  
Conservatives on Brexit select committee say not ruining U.K. by arbitrary timetable would be a betrayal of Rupert Murdoch’s values 
The remarkable investigative journalism by @carolecadwalla and team at the Observer and Guardian, revealing how Facebook data was secretly used to influence the US election and possibly #Brexit , has led to calls for a Europe-wide inquiry. 
Can anyone explain why the Brexiters  may be influenced by the alt right and Russia?And shouldn’t this be fully thrashed out in relation to how the UK proceeds?Isn’t it time for an Official Review to analyse the validity of the EU referendum in this regard?Suspend #Brexit! 
Nigel Farage - "75% of the £40bn so-called leaving bill will be paid in the first 3-5 years. After that we will go on paying a sum of money for access to their markets."Given the amount of German motor cars, I expect they should be paying us for access to our market." #Brexit  
MEP @SophieintVeld is calling for a European Parliament investigation into the Observer revelations that Facebook data about 50 million people were secretly used to swing the US election and possibly #Brexit.She wants FB's practices to be assessed under EU data protection laws.  
MPs are trying to stop Brexit with partisan report, says Jacob Rees-Mogg  via @Telegraph 
Nathan Gill MEP - "We must stand up to the EU bullying and make our demands clear. We are leaving the Customs Union and we don't want to obey any more of Brussels' rules and regulations." #Brexit  
Zuck bullshits UK parliament over Brexit. MPs call for his testimony   
Greg Hands - your constituents overwhelmingly said no to Brexit in the referendum.  Your tiny majority in the 2017 election manifested their dissatisfaction with your failure to represent their interests and those of the country.  
For eighteen months, hardline Europhiles have applied a simple algorithm to every economic development. Bad news? “Because of Brexit!” Good news? “Brexit hasn’t happened yet!” says @DanielJHannan 
I don't see any contradiction in being a Lib Dem supporter and thinking David Lammy would make a great PM. I'm guided these days by principles and despair at what Brexit is doing to our country. Party politics is an indulgence we can no longer afford.  
What businesses will be 'getting on with' in short order is disinvesting and relocating precisely because HMG show no signs of having a realistic way of undertaking Brexit: just a series of incompatible demands and red lines, and unrealisable fantasies. 2/2 
Or preferably join the @LibDems; though we are happily working with anti-Brexit moderates of all parties & none, we are the only whole party united on a liberal, progressive, internationalist, pro-European programme  
Labour letter to individual EU nationals in Fulham, calling the local elections: “your chance to say no to Brexit”. Even though almost all Labour MPs voted for article 50. And probably they’re saying the opposite in Birmingham. #FoolingNobody #LabourCouncilFail 
MORRRRAAAATTTTAAAAAAAAA GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOLSHUTTING UP ALL THE CLUELESS BREXIT CHELSEA FANS!!! VAMOS ALVARO I LOVE THIS GAME.   
The Remain campaign continues to ignore the referendum vote and blatantly push for another vote as they seek to stop the entire thing. Brexiteers should pay attention – there is a clear establishment attempt to stop Brexit.  
"This is not about Leavers vs Remainers. This is about democrats vs anti-democrats. And we outnumber you."@Tom_Slater_ takes Caroline Lucas to task on #BBCTBQ #Brexit  
Cumulative GDP growth in 15 years’ time is trimmed in all three models for post-Brexit trade relations  
 "It is important we give a voice to donkeys and not leave these animals to their fate when it comes to Brexit." ICYMI: The European Parliament has approved a resolution that prevents animal welfare deregulation post-Brexit   
I voted for #Brexit and was a committed Brexit voter. But facts have changed and with another vote. I would vote #Remain @campbellclaret @DavidLammy @ChukaUmunna 
Brexit Committee descends into row over plan to delay EU withdrawal.We should #StopBrexit, not just delay Brexit.MPs should have the courage to say publicly what many believe privately - that Brexit is a disaster, and that we should #Remain in the EU. 
After watching Tommy and the crowds today #speakerscorner @theresa_may the crowds will be even bigger if our Brexit is not delivered you have been warned. 
The left: Trump and Brexit only happened because a) The Russians b) evil Cambridge Analytica harvesting data. No way would the people have voted the way they did otherwise. 
BBC Reporter: "Hello man lying on the pavement drinking cider, are you voting for Brexit?""Yes""This man speaks for 17 million people in a Britain fuelled by HATRED!"Will Franken live at London's free-thinking comedy club#BrexitWhat's on next?  
*Brexit Explained*  
UK To Install Border Collies At Dover.. As They're Smarter Than Anything A F**King Brexiter Will Dream Up  /#Brexit  
Brexit: Commons committee split over transition call  
This coming Thursday there will be a debate on the impact of Brexit on the NHS. Please ask your MP to speak and to highlight the threat posed to patients by our potential departure from the EMA.  
It would be interesting to see the impact of #Brexit on national pride versus the 2012 Olympics. For me, 2012 was a highpoint - I'd never felt so proud to be British. Now, with #Brexit and all it entails, I've never felt so ashamed.#Survation #YouGov #ComRes #IpsosMori #ICM 
Cambridge Analytica worked with Trump’s election team and the Brexit campaignThey harvested personal info of millions of Facebook users, and used that info to build a powerful software program to predict and influence choices at the ballot box.#OUTRAGE 
I wrote a thing for @jacobinmag on today's referendum in Russia.  
'The Brexit the Tories will take us towards will be one that weakens us internationally and makes life at home nasty brutish and short.' | @lloyd_rm writes on the Tories negotiating a Brexit for the few ↓ 
There is no longer a '48%'. Most people who voted to remain in the EU are also democrats. Those calling for a 2nd EU Referendum are really on the fringe of public opinion. 
Brexit is a bluff. It was always a bluff.The Tories wanted a mandate for it so they could blackmail the EU into giving us more.That's still their plan. It's why they want to crush any dissent - any suggestion we might not go through with it.They're playing chicken. 
A Brexit where we maintained all the trading/economic advantages of the EU, kept our seat at the decision-making table of the European economy, kept all the EU medical staff our NHS needs, and had a magical solution to the Irish Border problem, could potentially be OK.  
Friends! Hate hate!Only people who understand what they're voting for should be allowed to exercise Our Vote!Namely, Our Remoaners (in Our Second Referendum), along with those wise people who always shrewdly vote Labour because 'that's what me old dad and me old grandad did.'  
If the Russian spy scandal teaches us anything, Londongrad's laundered money, lies to unite the 'Brits' behind a rotten, disreputable, inept government, it's that Scotland had better vote Yes next referendum, otherwise the corruption we see there is on its way here, permanently. 
Please don't retweet.....UNLESS you want North-East fishermen to look silly!!!UK set to back down over fishing quotas during Brexit transitionBritish share of ‘total catch’ to remain unchanged during two years after EU exit 
Please stop parroting this lie. There is no such thing as a jobs first #Brexit. Just like the Tories, Labour is shamelessly peddling #LeaveLies. No honesty, no credibility!#StopBrexit #ABTV 
If you voted for Brexit knowing that you make yourself poorer,would make the nation poorer,would make the UK less secure,would hand control to the executive rather than Parliament and do damage to the NHS rather than help it then that’s fine. Otherwise you were misinformed.  
#BREXIT has created a "hostile environment" in the UK for migrants, Green MEP @GreenJeanMEP has claimed.She said their treatment had been "disgraceful" due to uncertainty over their #citizensrights to remain after the UK leaves the EU. 
#Brexit groups are scared stiff of a 2nd referendum, precisely because some EX committed Brexit voters, like myself, have changed their minds. Let's #Remain 
Corbyn should never be Prime Minster. Duplicitous on Brexit, dogwhistling to anti immigrant supporters, refusing to stand for anything  
I see the Observer story is being handled at the Beeb by 'North American technology reporter' (just in case anyone tries to mention Brexit) BBC News - Facebook suspends controversial data firm Cambridge Analytica  
EU member country successfully controls its own border despite freedom of movement. "Founder of far right anti-Islam group Pegida barred entry to UK and deported."#Brexit #FBPE #ABTV #OFOC 
#marr - Are you cheerful the way #brexit is turning out?Boris Johnson - I don't know why you're saying this sort of BBC claptrap#marr - If it's claptrap it's the prime minister's claptrap.... she told me that. #StopBrexit #FBPE #bbcsp 
Scariest story I've ever read:#Facebook hacking via psych tests allowed data mining/profiling on 50 million people.Russian cyberwarfare got Trump elected/Brexit approved.Clear collusion with Trump campaign via Bannon.Powerful weapon against democracy. 
Must be a big week for #Brexit - even the Belgian King is gettting in on the action.  
Why not a bus? Because we envisioned rail, studied bus and rail and determined rail was the best option, advocated for rail, planned for rail, designed for rail, budgeted for rail, put out a referendum for rail, voted for rail, have the money for rail.  
Coming up live on @LBC until 6pm.Has Corbyn called it right on Russia?Are Commons Committees conspiring against Brexit?Did Steve Bannon use Facebook to hijack  the presidential election?Have your say... 0345 60 60 973 84850 @LBC #SalmondOnSunday 
"Ask Albertans what they want in the most truly democratic way possible – a referendum."  #ableg #UCP 
 The Tories won’t rule out selling off our NHS to get trade deals post-Brexit. Sign our petition and send a loud and clear message – hands off Scotland’s powers.  
My interview with the great @charlesadler, where I discuss the fight for our energy sector and my carbon tax referendum bill:  #ableg #ucp #cdnpoli #cpc 
MUST-WATCH: Boris Johnson's dishonesty is exposed as he claims that Britain won't continue to pay into the EU if we leave.Boris knows that the Brexit he promised in the referendum is never going to happen. Please RT so everybody knows the real facts:  
The Leave supporters on the Brexit Committee are refusing to accept the majority view and are creating their own minority report. I’d be laughing my arse off if I could just stop crying for a few moments.  
An advisory non binding referendum with no majority % stipulated, a gerrymandered electorate and votes based on deceit, spreading fear and hate. It's a travesty. That's not the country I recognise. 
BREXIT CHAOS: A furious Brexit row has erupted over fears Britain won't be ready in time / #EU #Brexit  
Martin’s simple guide to social media:LinkedIn for workTwitter for campaigning against Brexit & other evils (plus occasional foolishness)Instagram for family and friends Facebook for sweet FA.#StopBrexit and #BuggerFacebook 
Stretching the Russian story- the great escape for Theresa May from the #Brexit chaos and the catastrophic new wave of Government cuts! #bbcsp 
The so-called Brexit Select Committee is made of 7 MPs who voted Leave and _14_ that voted Remain. Fourteen!Is Parliament, supposedly the seat of British democracy, even serious on enacting a democratic decision of the British people?#Brexit  
Nothing good can come out of Brexit.  #StopBrexitNow #FBPE 
Pat 'thats what you say in election campaigns' Rabitte is warning about Fake News' re  Abortion Referendum  
Informative explanation/discussion of key points in the latest Brexit Select Committee report. Thread:  
Jacob Rees-Mogg blasts the Brexit Select Committee report attempting to "keep us in the EU by sleight of hand."The underhand tactics of Remainers know no bounds. We must keep fighting for Brexit! Support us at  
.@peterkyle – Boris Johnson “has resorted to dishonesty” as Brexit promises crumble  
Your daily reminder that we currently have no escape route from Brexit, because the Tories and Labour have refused to support one. Our Brexit date is set, and if MPs reject any Brexit deal during their "meaningful vote" in parliament, we leave the EU without one.#FBPE 
“Chlorine chicken? You might be glad of it the way things are looking...” Food critic JAY RAYNER on Britain’s post-Brexit food miseries on the new #Remainiacs podcast: 
Absolutely, and there are surely millions who believe we need visionary political leadership that commits to the UK remaining in the European Union, while also tackling, with massive vigour, the social and economic problems within Britain which contributed to the Brexit vote.  
When the countriy has been broken by Brexit, and millions have been left destitute because of the ideology of either Corbyn or Farage, we’d still hear the cries of ‘but Corbyn was right on Iraq’ ... #StopBrexit 
Haggis and George are right. We are stronger within the EU. That's why Vlad helped Farage win the Brexit ref. It weakens the UK and weakens the EU. A Putin wet dream. #Skripal #BrexitReality #Remain 
Mr Gove has vowed to make sure Brexit works not just for citizens, but for "the "animals we love and cherish" What about the fur trade horror Mr Gove? Words, words, words.  
Perfect visual metaphor for Labour's Brexit plan"I know our notion of a 'Jobs First Brexit' makes no sense but trust us because Corbyn"I respect Corbyn. He's a decent, principled man but the idea of a 'Jobs First Brexit' is so preposterously misguided I just can't support it  
Theresa #May's ministers repeatedly warned that #Brexit would put #Britain at #Risk from #Russia. Surprise, surprise ! 
."If we don’t stop Brexit, we will become a twilight zone on the edge of Europe & anyone who CAN leave WILL leave.Once again, as we try to renegotiate trade deals after Brexit, we will NOT have the upper hand.We will be over a barrel.". 
So now they wake up to Renew's example of a moderate, sensible, visionary party but after Brexit? Why wait? We're well down the Brexit gangplank to nowhere. Renew is trying to stop this Brexit madness now. Join us! #RenewUK #LightyearsAhead #21stCenturyPolitics 
More #Brexit promises unravelling, this time for fishing communities. In spite of grandstanding it seems that government has no intention of ‘taking back control of our waters’. Unilateral action was never possible when so much of the catch is sold into EU market#BrexitReality 
I wonder how many of the MPs involved in the Vote Leave campaign, who promised £350m extra per week and a stronger NHS after Brexit, will bother to turn up to this?  
YOUR COMMENTS: Yeah, Mail readers are not reacting well to the idea that a gay, vegan Lib Dem ‘exploited their inner demons’ to promote Brexit.  
Boris Johnson might be right about Russia stockpiling nerve agents but the problem is Johnson has spent the last 2 years lying about Brexit, so his credibility will be lacking to many.  #marr 
Russian doesn't need to disable our interconnected services. We're doing it to ourselves with Brexit. Biggest act of self sabotage in history. #radio4 
Calls to extend the Brexit Implementation Period (IP) are ill-judged. From Referendum to end of the IP is already to be 4 1/2yrs - historically, that’s longer than World War One. It’s time to get on with it. 
The evidence keeps piling up    Scotland's health minister voices post- Brexit concerns - BBC News  
The Brexit ref was wholly undemocraticI will never accept the result  
Brexit...Putin's greatest triumph.  
However you voted, you should have the final say on the Brexit deal once the negotiations are over. It would appear these Leave voters agree!  
#JacobReesMogg "For the 21 months remaining of the Multi-annual Financial Framework, without our money the #EU is bust. Neither the #Germans want to pay more nor do the #Poles wish to receive less. That is our best playing card.”  #BBC #SKY #LBC #UK #BREXIT 
"We've had twenty months of this very vocal, elitist section of the #Remain campaign screaming about #Brexit. The fact the same people are now  saying they believe in #democracy so much they want us to have a second say, we don't buy it!"  #BBC #SKY #LBC 
There will be a new Welsh Political Barometer poll published tomorrow. First up will be the latest on Brexit; other material - on party support and party leaders (and potential contenders) will follow later on.As Margaret Thatcher once said, “just rejoice in that news”. 
John Longworth - "The EU fear a deregulated Britain, not just the financial sector because the EU has created a nanny state where people are restricted from doing things."It is sort of an Orwellian approach where big brother knows best and you will do what I say." #Brexit  
I & a cross-party group of MPs have secured a debate in Parliament on Thursday on the impact of #Brexit on the #NHS. Please encourage your MP to attend & speak. 13.30 - 16.00 Westminster Hall. #fpbe 
There's a reason we have a theory test AND a practice test.The practicalities of Brexit are what we're seeing now.How well do you think it's going? #TreatyVote 
It's time for us to tackle the fear that independence could be many times more disruptive than Brexit, says @LesleyRiddoch.via @ScotNational 
"Accept", "respect" and "honour" are three of the words politicians apply to the referendum result. I agree only with the first. I accept that it occurred. As for respect and honour, neither of those is remotely appropriate for an outcome obtained by disinformation and deception. 
Only an idiot, a cheat or a liar (Govt. contains examples of all 3) could still be using the "will of the people" & "it was democratic" blather. The 2016 referendum was corrupted, plain and simple. 
Hide information from the public. Use the press to print right wing propoganda.Force MPs to vote against their wishes.Use a referendum to blame the public.Accuse judges and MPs of being traitors.Blame foreigners for a countries ills.Not 1930's Germany, but #Brexit UK 
I agree @IsabelOakeshott, there is no way that any extension of the Brexit timeframe would be acceptable. You need a deadline in order for a negotiation to be successful.The likes of @hilarybennmp & Co simply wish to kick Brexit into the longrass. 
#Brexit promised (1st guy) vs Brexit they're trying to get now (2nd guy)#pmht 
The Brexit committee is a waste of time. Because it does not nave the courage to say "Stop Brexit and Remain!" Instead it talks about impossibilities like extending A50. It's like a medieval Vatican conclave deciding how many angels can sit on a pinhead!  
Yesterday a cabinet minister said that her side would not accept the result of the referendum and not one Sunday Newspaper thought this worthy of a stand alone story. Wonder why. #Repealthe8th 
"If there's a whole load of things that have not yet been negotiated, then the government could ask for an extension of the Article 50 process" says the Chair of Brexit Select Committee @hilarybennmp "This is not about undermining the referendum result" #bbcsp 
Who is "Us" A Troll farm?You know there is no point trolling against people that see how terrible the @Conservatives are?They went from a majority to a hung Government after a snap election.Have the lowest membership in history.Embarrassed us in Brexit negotiations  
You have to ask: who benefits from backbenchers ceasing to work cross party against this extreme Brexit?  Jacob Rees-Mogg, Boris + the extremes in British politics - thats why we will not be gagged and will continue working together through the @eurelationsappg and other groups. 
Tory Brexiteer @Jacob_Rees_Mogg slams ‘high priests of Remain’ for Brexit delay plan for 'vassal state'  
Read here the most important excepts from the Japanese statement on Brexit.Basically, unless things stay pretty much the same, they're off.#FBPE 
Leave Means Leave - “Far from regretting #Brexit, increasingly the British public is looking forward to the day when we regain the freedom fully to govern ourselves."  
We owe our low maternal mortality to services like @AbortionSupport just as much as to the staff in our maternity services. #repealthe8th will mean we can take responsibility for all our patients, and be less vulnerable to changes in a foreign healthcare system - Brexit, cuts.  
Too good to lose? Call for Scotland to consider setting up its own post-Brexit version of the Erasmus scheme if it proves necessary. via @ScotNational 
Very little coverage on today's political programmes about Cambridge Analytica's deliberate harvesting of 50m (that's MILLION) online identities to subvert democracy in the USA elections - & more than likely also Brexit. How come? 
Question:  If you could choose between having a vote on Brexit as a theory, and having a vote based on the deal after the negotiations, which would you choose? Which would better reflect the Will of the people? 
Jeremy Corbyn has a near-identical policy position on Brexit, Russia, Syria, Libya, NATO, Ukraine and the Free Movement of People as Nigel Farage. So either Labour PR bloggers are claiming that Farage is also as woke as Jeremy on foreign policy issues or they are misleading you. 
There is one objective.STOP BREXIT.Until we do everything else is just window dressing.#FBPE #StopBrexit #brexit  
Lawmakers say UK should consider postponing Brexit  
Brexit Central gets to the heart of the matter  
Tory talk of punishing Putin is hypocritical drivel so long as the Tory government is handing Putin the huge strategic victory of #Brexit on a plate. #Skripal #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Saying your side will not accept a democratic vote if you lose is always profoundly anti-democratic. Saying it when you're a cabinet minister in the government organising the referendum is a disgrace & should have you removed from office. 
Still snowing late into March? Blame Brexit. 
.@Jacob_Rees_Mogg: "This is the classic strategy of those who backed Remain, to try to overturn the referendum result by sleight of hand.”  
When the full story of attempted #Brexit is finally told, with all the illegal roubles, social media black ops, and right wing nutjobs exposed, there will be a fat chapter telling about the nobbling of @BBCnews. There are too many examples now for them not to be complicit. 
I work for a company that set up offices in Dublin rather than London because of Brexit. Your red line has been crossed. So, what are you going to do to stop Brexit?(or are you lying about the red line?) 
I can only think of two good things about Brexit... 1) The amazing community that has come together to fight it... 2) it's not gonna happen 
Today we have published our latest Report on the progress of #Brexit negotiations. Read it here  
Our story reminding the Prime Minister, Chancellor, Foreign Secretary, Minister for the Cabinet Office and Home Secretary of what they said before the referendum: that Brexit would make it harder to stand up to Russia  
In July 2016 I was reluctant but relatively comfortable about #brexit. 20 months on I find a hopeless govt, pursing a nonsensical disastrous brexit policy, risking N Irish peace to carry out Russia’s top foreign policy aim as it attacks us with nerve gas.It has to be stopped. 
Who's hacking Brexit and why we need our own Robert Mueller inquiry  
Russia is a rogue state and it pushed for Brexit.All Leave voters should ask themselves why they voted on the same side as the ex-KBG leader of a profoundly undemocratic state.  
Brexit won’t mean leaving the NE of England behind. The region will lead the country in job losses, wage stagnation, closed businesses, cuts to public services, people losing their houses and everything else that 11% lower GDP than expected will bring. He knows that, BTW.  
Just a quick reminder that if you're asking 'Why did people vote for Trump or Brexit?', the main reason is not 'Cambridge Analytica'. It is certainly not the only reason either. It may even turn out to be only be a very, very small reason in a tiny number of cases. 
From Resisting to Reforming: lets stop Brexit, then let's rescue our political and governmental orders from the grip of dysfunction. 
“This idea that we should stop Brexit because young people don’t like it is the ugliest of the Remainer arguments. Do old people not count? Should the young have two votes rather than one? This all undermines the idea of one person, one vote.”@Tom_Slater_ on @bbcbigquestions 
“Voters were energised by Brexit. People who hadn’t voted for years voted for it. If Brexit doesn’t happen you will destroy their trust in politics. You will destroy democracy for a generation. Is that what you want?”@Tom_Slater_ grills @CarolineLucas on @bbcbigquestions 
On #Marr this morning @BorisJohnson explained that we're making "great progress" in the Brexit negotiations.  
WATCH | "We've had twenty months of this very vocal, elitist section of the Remain campaign screaming about Brexit. The fact the same people are now saying they believe in democracy so much they want us to have a second say, we don't buy it!"SUPPORT US @  
.@Anna_Soubry & @ChrisLeslieMP totally right on @pestononsunday - there are attempts to stop MPs working cross party to on #Brexit. We will ignore them+carry on working in the national interest. V.proud of the entire movement inc @Open_Britain @euromove @_Britain4Europe & others 
The #brexiters on #thebigquestion seem particularly anxious to parrot “the will of the people” - but not to allow the people to have a chance to express their will on the actual #brexit deal when #BrexitReality is spelled out 
Local Elections fast approaching. Sadly a vote for Labour will be seen as a vote for #Brexit. LabCon won't give us a #FinalSay, so we know what to do. We will vote pro-EU!#StopBrexit #FBPE 
#Brexit dystopia. I find I’ve slipped through to an alternate dimension where Jeremy Corbyn & Jacob Rees-Mogg are both doing the bidding of Vladimir Putin to destabilise the west. I’m going back to bed until it stops.  #StopBrexit 
This is just remarkable. This story has been bubbling under for a year & yet #Marr completely ignored it.It's no longer a 'conspiracy theory', Cambridge Analytica had access to millions of profiles & manipulated voters, definitely in Trump, possibly in #Brexit  
Boris says the public just want us to get on with #Brexit. Doesn't the buffoon access the media, or is his head so far up his own derrière he can't read it? 
BREXITERS - how can you still beleive BoJo.........  Bojo lying unchallenged again on Marr Show this morning... "we will not make payments to EU after Brexit" - has he forgotten about the fees for access to EU agencies the govt has agreed to?? 
No. Unilever did NOT relocate its HQ to the Netherlands because of Brexit. It had 2 HQs previously and Dutch laws make takeovers harder. But the UK did not alter our takeover laws, so Unilever is retaining just ONE HQ in Rotterdam. UK Govt was warned months ago, but did nothing. 
Must Read: Details reported about Cambridge Analytica, Facebook, Trump and Brexit campaign are hugely concerning. Thorough investigations must follow.   
.@BorisJohnson - the leading figure in Vote Leave - is about the only person in diplomatic circles I’ve come across who doesn’t think there was Russian interference in the 2016 EU referendum #Marr 
Boris Johnson is right. We must be careful not to tarnish all Russians. But we do need a proper investigation into Russian attempts to influence UK internal politics. Brexit and Stop the War would be a good place to start. 
This is getting embarrassing.  Boris Johnson is an absolute shambles, compare his performance to the assuredness and authority with which @EmilyThornberry and @Keir_Starmer speak on foreign policy & #Brexit. We need a #Labour Government as soon as possible #JC4PM #Marr 
No @jeremycorbyn - please learn from @nick_clegg. Making pledges you can't keep is toxic. There is only one way out of this, change policy on #Brexit and support full EU membership. The only way to stop job losses in the North East. Please share.  
Jacob Rees-Mogg is absolutely right to dismiss the latest Brexit select committee report calling for the UK to remain within the Single Market and the Customs Union as nothing more than a "defeatist re-run of the Remain campaign".Support us at:  
Health Secretary makes case to 'shield' Scotland's health services from Brexit  #Referendum2018 
Good to see MPs recalling @CamAnalytica after brilliant @carolecadwalla scoop in today’s Observer & BBC finally reporting this very important #Brexit related story.  
One image of Jeremy Corbyn that has definitely NOT been photoshopped. I wish it had been. Still trotting out the trite and meaningless, and utterly impossible, lie that Brexit won’t damage the worst off communities that he pretends to care about.  
632 days since Brexit. All too many Remainers have chosen *Remain in Labour* over *Remain in EU*. Hence Corbyn has had a voice, but the case for Remain has been silenced. #StopBrexitSaveBritain #LE2018VoteRemain #ABTV 
Support the next big anti-Brexit march. Leeds next weekend  
Cambridge Analytica also rigged #Brexit vote thru FacebookTheresa May's ministers repeatedly warned that Brexit would put Britain at risk from Russia - Business Insider #TrumpRussia 
We know Cambridge Analytica/Facebook story is huge.We know it likely influenced the Trump election.We know the Trump & #Brexit campaigns were very similar.We know there are links between all parties.So hearing @owenjones84 playing down any link at this stage is bizarre#marr 
READ: Theresa May's ministers repeatedly warned that Brexit would put Britain at risk from Russia  
Marr keeps to BBC line on Brexit matters and says @carolecadwalla’s story today is awfully complicated (meaning:best not to worry about it). 
WATCH: It’s been another busy 2 weeks in the Brexit debate, and every week, with your help, we're moving the debate in our favour.Brexit is not inevitable. Please RT:  
#marr interesting that @OwenJones84 immediately plays down any influence on #Brexit from Cambridge analytica story despite the proven links between all parties involved 
.I think they mean that May's 'Red Lines' could still kill off Brexit transition deal.....It's just more convenient to blame Ireland & the EU rather than their OWN leader.. 
Honestly though, what is the point in a Brexit Select Committee that seeks only to be a mouthpiece for the continuity Remain campaign? It makes a mockery of the entire select committee system. 
Jacob Rees-Mogg on the Brexit Select Committee's anti-Brexit report: "Select Committee reports are powerful when they cross a divide, but this report was a defeatist re-run of the Remain campaign, backed by Remainers."  
Let’s be clear once againThere is no brexit dividend A jobs first brexit is a contradiction in terms Jobs have and will be lost thanks to brexitGrowth is already slower than rest of EU thanks to uncertainty#StopBrexit #FinalSayForAll 
I’m not a heavy FB user but in view of their complicity in delivering Brexit I’m not comfortable having any presence on that platform whatsoever. Can anyone think of a good reason why I shouldn’t delete my Facebook account?  
The Observer story a tough one for Obergruppenfuhrer Dacre too. On the one hand bad for Facebook which he hates. On the other bad for Brexit which, from his British Virgin Islands haven, he loves 
Frankly I will lose it if I hear Corbyn or anyone else in @UKLabour talking again about a ‘jobs first’ Brexit!  
Odd that in recent weeks the attacks on David Cameron’s warning that peace in Europe isn’t a given and that leaving the EU was a security risk seem to be less prominent. Brexit puts our national security at risk and Dorries is a facilitator of that.Thats why Russia backed leave.  
Bid to delay Brexit by Hilary Benn’s Remain-dominated select committee slammed as ‘despairing and defeatist’ | Gibraltar not covered by provisional Brexit transition deal, Spain warns | EU told to ‘stop pushing us around’ or UK will not hand over a penny  
Most of the arguments you have had on Twitter and Facebook were engineered by psychological warfare tools. Both Brexit and the Trump election were bought by psychological profiling and bots. Lets start thinking a little more carefully.#FBPE 
Am assuming that given the whiff stretches into Brexit that the Beeb are giving this one a miss?  
The race is on for which will completely collapse first: Trump's presidency or Brexit. I can't call it. We now know that both are entirely."fake results" brought about by deliberate disinformation of voters, so it's absolutely right that they should fail. No "respect" for either. 
Good work PontyPridd @UKLabour calling for a #FinalSay on #brexit - now the party leadership must catch up with its membership and the majority of its voters. They must start listening to all the #leave voters (& abstainers) that have changed their minds and are #remainernow 
Britain settles for dismal growth, no rise in living standards and deteriorating public services - but at least everyone can be delighted with Brexit.  
More starting to say it as it is but goodness why has it taken so long to get here when it was blindingly obvious any form of #Brexit must leave us Poorer, Weaker with Fewer Rights and less Control.Binding #FinalSayForAll on the Deal with a #Remain option.#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
There are just 6 Brexiters out of 21 on the #Brexit Committee. Us Brexiters may be in the minority on the committee, but we need to ensure we speak up for the 17 million people who voted to Leave.   
Leave used this sinister,  weaponised psyops to "break" UK society and jamb in Brexit. All that anti muslim, anti immigrant, north/south/metropolitan, stuff was weaponised by Banks, Farage, Bliney, Wigmore, Lord Ashcroft. They should be held accountable.  
A call for Brexit to be delayed to give the UK more time for a better deal has provoked a furious bust-up  
Well I never. Brexit Committee in Commons concludes extending Article 50 period might be necessary. Took them a while, but better late than never! #brexit  
Daniel Hannan claims Remainers are making Brexit costly.If you had not already realised Daniel Hannan has a seemingly depthless capacity for stupidity. 
Today marks 4 years since #Crimea & #Sevastopol officially reunified with #Russia based on popular vote of its people cast during a democratically held referendum of 16 March 2014 #CrimeaIsRussia 
Love the way some journalists who’ve spewed out lies about Brexit are now getting awfully cross about Putin being not quite on the level. 
The involvement of Cambridge Analytica in the #Brexit referendum is being investigated by @ElectoralCommUK and @ICOnews Read more about its boss Alexander Nix and his boasting about involvement in the  campaign 
Corbyn has no credibility whatsoever. He is becoming more ludicrous as each day passes. What is utterly mind blowing is that both he and his party fail to see the opportunity they have to lead Britain out of this Brexit mess - and make Labour heroes of the hour.  
Further evidence that @jeremycorbyn refuses to face Brexit facts. Every serious economic forecast, every one predicts we will be worse off after any of the conceivable Brexit outcomes. That means job losses particularly in the north. Wake up @UKLabour! 
It's a fair point. How can Jeremy Corbyn back Brexit when it is forecast to annihilate British manufacturing, by the people who are promoting Brexit!  
.@LeaveMnsLeave has written to the EU Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker and other Brussels bigwigs telling them “no amount of threats, scaremongering and bullying” will make Britain reverse the referendum result 
City playing Chelsea in the cup today. Hoping to see a nice blue passport game. Tough tackles, a series of wallops and a clean sheet. Ball pumped up early to Vardy from Hard Brexit Harry Maguire, get the goal then defend well for 88 minutes. Up the city! 
 What’s happening every guest on today is a Remoaner bloody bore. Anna Soubry on again be shouting & screaming I hate Brexit and Donald Trump as usual. Leave EU won the Referendum what’s going on. Peston show now worse than Bias BBC. Get some Brexiteers on make a change.  
"Russia, Facebook, Trump, Mercer, Bannon, Brexit. Every one of these threads runs through Cambridge Analytica."  Please read this and the related articles in the @Guardian today. Vital material about the worrying state of our democracy. 
I voted #Remain, but reckon we should roll up our sleeves and make the best of Brexit. My @thesundaytimes column today on the new opportunities for innovation in competition policy, industrial strategy & regional growth outside EU laws. 
Brexit update 2024Parliament voted overwhelmingly last night to request a further two year extension on Brexit. Micheal Gove President of the European Commission welcomed the news saying "the time has come for Britain to withdraw Article 50" #FBPE #marr  #bbcsp 
And so it should, #brexit is a farce that will leave the UK with "No Control" whatsoever, and the whole country will be much much worse off.Even many hardened leavers are now seeing this is the case and weakening their stance. The only sensible option is to withdraw A50 now  
Almost everyone else is imploring that Brexit be stopped. A huge gale-sized sigh of relief would blow away the fog of despair shrouding the land. (And then we could get on with fixing this country properly, for everyone’s sake.)  
State of this. ‘Jobs-first Brexit’ nonsense *still* being peddled after govt’s assessments showed even Soft Brexit would hit North East hardest in UKNHS in NE already lost thousands of jobs since referendum - EU staff left & not replaced. Maplin, ToyRus closed, Nissan at risk  
STOP BREXIT BULLYING: EU told they’ll LOSE if they take on UK as Leavers issue OWN threats  
Once we understand the scale of the troll attacks against us on behalf of brexit and their techniques for stirring up societal hatred then the brexit sham must be seen for what it is, a rigged, bullshit sham perpetrated against the nation. This is treason. We must demand justice 
A @RVAwonk thread on Cambridge Analytica & their work for the Trump campaign, including links to Bannon, Kushner, Flynn, Erik Prince, and the Mercer family (as well as their work on the Brexit campaign).  
Health Secretary makes case to 'shield' Scotland's health services from Brexit  
It was a pleasure to speak to @PoliticoRyan while in #Brussels about Women, K-B economy, how does Qatar see Brexit and why the #EU model is still an attractive model? All in this podcast starts minute 25 
Is *anyone* surprised to hear that Mercer/Bannon’s Cambridge Analytica — who worked on BOTH Trump’s campaign and #Brexit — has ties w/#Russiathat they FAILED to disclose to British Parliament just last month8/#TrumpRussia 
Reminder that Cambridge Analytica was key to Brexit. They aren't new to destroying democracy and creating havoc 
Before the UK joined the EU we were known as the 'sick man of Europe.' Since the #Brexit vote the world sees us as the 'thick man of Europe'....Here's our Clown Representative.  
VIDEO: British Prime Minister Theresa May takes aim at Russia at a major speech to her Conservative Party, cutting a stronger figure as internal Brexit divisions take a back seat  
Let's just remember what #JayWeatherill told us last year,'the forthcoming election would be a referendum on renewables, yes Jay Weatherill that's exactly what it was & that's exactly why you are out of government' people are walking away from Green Madness @rowandean #outsiders 
English, or at least a simplified version known as Globish, has become the lingua franca of the EU elite in Brussels, but with Brexit Francophones are hoping their once dominant language can make  'Le Comeback'  
Civil service head sheds trying to give us a 'KitKat' Brexit with an undigestable filling, or a everlasting Brexit Gobstopper from Willie Wonka's Chocolate Factory more like #  
Mercers also allegedly behind Brexit propaganda. Super rich people manipulating governments all over the world - same old story. This is why we have to keep money out of politics everywhere. 
Mr Lamb was careful not to make the vote a referendum on the president  
“Brexit: Most Conservative voters who backed Theresa May in 2017 would favour second referendum”. #Brexit#StopBrexit 
But you and your seedy ERG cabal would give us Disaster Brexit.  
The real referendum question  
British friends, this is true! All the British media that are mates with Nigel Farage will try to cover up this story because Cambridge Analytica’s crimes also led to Brexit/flouting UK electoral legislation.  
Britain should consider postponing Brexit because there may not be enough time to strike deal with EU before U.K. leaves the bloc a year from now, key British lawmakers say.  
It's long been known that sm, in particular Facebook and Twitter, were used to manipulate Trump's election and the referendum. @carolecadwalla has shown who did it, how and its scale. Who now could justifiably claim either political outcome was the democratic will of the people? 
Schiff says the Cambridge Analytica revelation must be “thoroughly investigated” and that it raises serious questions about whether C.A. acquired info illegally and “sought to abuse that information in support of Pres. Trump’s political campaign in the U.S. or Brexit.” 
All Leave-backers on the Brexit Select Committee reject its new anti-Brexit report  
Read and RT this & understand how our democracy was hi-jacked in the EU referendum. Very important to challenge the Brexiteers on “will of the people”  
I am a Labour member and this is a total embarrassment. If you are unaware that jobs *have already been lost* due to Brexit you have no qualifications for your jobs. The only way Labour can help preserve jobs is to stop Brexit. 
Corbyn is a joke. A joker, or an idiot. If he comes out against Brexit he will restore some credibility: not before.  
2/x This "gentleman's" comment, is, against extraordinarily tough competition, one of the most dishonest comments ever made on Brexit. The committee report clearly assumes Brexit will go ahead and simply discusses the details.  
This is the lead political correspondent for the leading Sunday Newspaper in Britain. Apparently, he's dismissed already the idea that Cambridge Analytica played any role in #Brexit. Screenshot it.  
1/2 The @CommonsEUexit report on the Brexit negotiations has been published - asks for a short extension of EU membership to complete negotiations if needed -  
Brexit Committee descends into bitter row over plan to delay EU withdrawal. Jacob Rees-Mogg, who is a member, attacked others in the group as the “high priests of Remain”, claiming they had attempted to force through a “partisan” document. 
BREXIT: Theresa May implored by MPs To Postpone Brexit / #EU #Brexit  
May, May, Johnson and Gove … new Brexit comic copies Trumpton roll call#FakeNews @TheBrexitComic @kimwillsher1 
Brexit was also a target of CA & Russia. The truth is coming out in a flood @DrDenaGrayson@ericgarland@lauferlaw@thespybrief@FelisDave@LouiseMensch 
Thank God some of our MPs haven't given up telling it how it is, haven't lost their voices, aren't cowed by lies, or living in hope someone else stands up on their behalf, or closing their eyes to how devastating Brexit will beThank God some speak up for ordinary Labour people  
Select committees reports are only influential if they are unanimous, dividing on leave remain lines simply refights the referendum #remoanathon 
The Exiting the EU select committee report merely seeks to stop Brexit #remoanathon 
German car manufacturer Porsche warns EU negotiators that bullying Britain over Brexit could cost German jobs, damage the economy and lead to ‘big trouble’ for Brussels & advocates a free trade deal  
This is pretty amazing; a British-American data analytics company working for literally the richest nazi freakjob in America used illegally harvested personal data from an America company BUILT on harvesting Data to help sell Cruz, Trump & Brexit & liberals are mad at?Russia. 
Brexit will hit the north east extremely hard according to the only analysis we have.Politicians need to start talking to the public like grown ups, not posing inside dumbass photoframes that say not a single job will be lost.  
Hahaha amazing! @carolecadwalla has spent months trying to link Brexit and Trump to Russia and all she’s come up with is a gay Lib Dem who regrets his own ideas over abusing Facebook data  (she even gets Bannon’s title incorrect in her piece!)  
#Brexit Referendum was stolen with dirty money, stolen data and the lies  facilitated by Facebook.Our sovereignty has been stolen in a coup d’etat.  @theresa_may this cannot stand.   
Brexit: Most Conservative voters who backed Theresa May in 2017 would favour second referendum 
A gov't run by progressive activists will deliver for progressive activists.They don't think the majority is smart enough to have a say in decisions that progressives want to make without consulting the majority. A #BC referendum on #TransMountain would embarrass the protesters. 
BREXIT CHAOS: Delusions, hypocrisy and historical amnesia – the Tory Brexit meltdown begins here / #EU #Brexit  
This is getting so f'cking stupid. When will the adults take over?Irish border problem ‘put on ice to help Brexit deal’  
Greens tried to make Batman a referendum on Adani, and lost. LNP tried it in Qld State election and ran 3rd or 4th across Central Qld. No doubt that many people care about Adani, but they seem to care more about Labor’s issues - job security, health, inequality. 
Tories are spinning and dialing up the rhetoric about the nerve agent attack, to distract us from Brexit, whilst Toxic Tess and her accomplices asset strip our country. @jacqui703 #ToxicTess #Novichok #NerveAgent #SalisburyAttack #Brexit  
As the #CambridgeAnalytica story rolls to encompass Trump, Brexit and Russia, please don't forget this. (And I saw it at first hand). It was a solo freelance feature writer @carolecadwalla who won Chris Wylie's trust and broke one of the biggest stories in years. 
The idea that the UK can 'leave' the EU is nonsense. The EU will remain the economic superpower next door. It will continue to wield enormous influence over Britain, but by leaving it we surrender our currently very large power in its decision making. #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit. 
How do we get the message across to the public that we're dangerously close to dictatorship? Hard Brexit  would create high unemployment and likely social unrest. I could see the Tories closing off democracy to 'save the UK'. Think this would never happen? We're 70% there already 
What will happen to #CambridgeAnalyticaFiles? Where will that accumulated data from the "non-data breach" go? How much of it has already been sold to some other entity?Details are staggering. Two decisive votes were involved: #Brexit & US POTUS election 2016.Both upsets. 5/  
Gibraltar not covered by provisional Brexit transition deal, Spain warns  
Lovely to spend the evening yesterday with @LiamFox and @consabroad discussing the many successes of @tradegovuk and looking ahead to post #Brexit opportunities  
Today, @theresa_may heralded "A Brexit that works for every man, woman and child in Britain. An economy that is fit for the future"Judge for yourself   
My local MP was anti-Brexit, the majority of his constituents are anti-Brexit, he is a member of government and is now supporting a disastrous Brexit. So far, so what? Well, my local MP also happens to have young children. Imagine putting self and party first like that. 
"This was a referendum on my Government's energy policy" claims @TurnbullMalcolm of #savotes* 7% primary vote swing against @LiberalSAHQ * 1.5% 2PP swing against too* net loss of at least 2 seats after redistribution#GodwinGrech 
I can't describe how much I prefer speaking to Brexit voters in real life. So many normal people who just want what's best for the country, and are willing to use new information to achieve that. #RationalNationals 
Huge waste which can still be avoided : Brexit, a Wall to Mexico, enormous production of new miltary hardware etc. I have only faint hope for change but can’t stop thinkng of  large-scale human suffering and destruction of Nature. We need a movement to get priorities right. 
The Remain bus is ready for the #FinalSay referendum...  
Really well done @carolecadwalla finally Facebook mans up. How the referendum was manipulated is still to be revealed. #ExitFromBrexit 
The government, & the Brexiters manipulating them, have no credibility: they do not know how to achieve their fantasy Brexit, they are skating on the thin ice of lies, contradictions, bluster & BS; they know Brexit is harmful to the country but they want it out of blind bigotry. 
The UK is currently experiencing a Brexit coup from the hard right and the hard left. The Rees-Moggs, Jenkin, IDS, Redwood, Hannan types along with Corbyn, Hoey, Skinner, Field and Hoey’s chum Farage. None of them has any of our interests at heart. 
Putin, Theresa May and Cambridge Analytica photoshopped the hat as a false flag to distract attention from AC Grayling and Andrew Adonis' new anti-Brexit social movement, pass it on 
Tommy Robinson removes EU flags from parliament as remainers rush to stop him  via @Your Brexit 
It wasn't just the 2016 presidential election that #CambridgeAnalytica manipulated. In Britain, the Mercer-funded company is facing Parliamentary and regulatory investigations into allegations that it performed illegal work on the “#Brexit” campaign.  
The great British Brexit robbery: how our democracy was hijackedA shadowy global operation involving Cambridge Analytica big data, billionaire friends of Trump and the disparate forces of the Leave campaign influenced the result of the EU referendum. 
"Russia, Facebook, Trump, Mercer, Bannon, Brexit. Every one of these threads runs through Cambridge Analytica."     @jaketapper @chucktodd @CBSNews @matthewjdowd 
Rees-Mogg demands inquiry over civil servants  'hoodwinking' voters with 'KitKat' Brexit  
I remember the referendum. I don't recall the "Whoever loses this ADVISORY referendum must never speak of it or its consequences ever again" So, with as much respect as some of you deserve, no, I won't shut up and I won't get over it. 
For your information, Labour support leaving the EU, ending Freedom of Movement, ending membership of the Single Market, ending jurisdiction of the ECJ, and leaving the Customs Union in favour of an unspecified cherry picking customs arrangement akin to Turkey.That's hard Brexit  
Tomorrow's News: English football to leave Europe! We need to to break free from German dominated sclerotic Europe to make English football global! We will of course continue to enjoy frictionless access to the main European tournaments! #StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
Should the individuals steering the UK into a permanent political, military, financial and industrial commitment to the EU Commission’s defence architecture after Brexit be SACKED?Please RT. 
How can we possibly get full Brexit when clearly our government and negotiating bureaucrats want to keep us locked into the EU? Replace them with Brexiteers. 
Isn't it time we heard from reasonable Brexit voters, NOT the fundamentalists on TV (Mogg and Farage) who don't care what Brexit does to this country as long as their side 'wins'? - #OFOCinSheffield Train Station. 
Bingo..we are over 100K...congtratulations everyone who signed shared & tweeted you are all magnificent (-;) Petition: End the export of live farm animals after Brexit.  
BREAKING: Government confirms Parliament will debate vote to REVERSE BREXIT  via @Your Brexit 
"What we desperately need is for Facebook to finally open up and be as honest and transparent as it can be about the way that their platform was used and manipulated during the U.S. presidential elections, during Brexit in the U.K.," @carolecadwalla said.  
Cambridge Analytica stole Facebook data to help both the Trump campaign and the Brexit vote.Here's an article I wrote in July. Rob Goldstone , Natalia Veselnitskaya & Yana Gorokhova all traveled to London for the Brexit vote right after the TT meeting.  
And to be more specific: I hope they nail any Americans who worked for you or who hired you or who financed you (like the Mercers to start). As for the UK, I hope they get their pound of flesh from those of you who are UK citizens for your role in Brexit. 
Video of @TRobinsonNewEra taking EU flags down in London in ‘protest’ against the EU and in ‘support’ for Brexit.  
Will you be marching against Brexit next weekend? #FBPE 
With ruling party plundering the country with only 17% votes, the people have never been heard in reality. Its time that SC, Army & the Caretaker Govt go for a Referendum to know the will of the nation for accountability & political reforms before any more elections. 
We know that parliament will never agree to political reforms which will destroy the hold of corrupt Mafia on the country. Now only the Judicial option is left....Else, the military option is always there. Why not go for a Referendum on the issue of Political reforms? 
‘Stop this madness!’ Germany finally SNAPS as nation to become EU ‘cash cow’ after Brexit  
Why should I respect the referendum result when Leave was founded on lies, forged in fraud and built on corruption. I will not. If you are for #Remain vote against Leave-supporting Con and Labour at the local elections in May and help to #StopBrexit #ABTV #FBPE 
Now THIS is how you treat an #EU flag the Filthy Rag of #Europhile #AntiBritish #Defeatists & #Traitors!  Cheers @TRobinsonNewEra! Why is the Blue Muppet allowed to deface @CityWestminster property..?  #BBC #SKY #LBC @LBC #LONDON #BREXIT @ConHome #Tory 
Just what's happening to Great Britain?*Outlawing free speech*Failing to protect our borders*MP's openly ignoring the people's will on Brexit*Selling out our fishermen - again*Mass unnecessary immigration*Locking up patriots*Introducing two-tier legal system with Sharia 
A little-known and little-noticed provision in the European Withdrawal Bill could be the key to triggering a referendum on any Brexit deal, writes @Andrew_Adonis 
Each day brings a new Brexit absurdity:  
Cambridge Analytica was also behind the Leave campaign during Brexit. 
"Russia, Facebook, Trump, Mercer, Bannon, Brexit. Every one of these threads runs through Cambridge Analytica."  
Leavers should try to grasp that modern free trade is more like a sport than a free-for-all. You've got to join the trade version of a sports association, then play by the rules. If you're lucky like the UK in the EU you get a big say in making the rules. #StopBrexit #Brexit 
This is when the North of England will tell @BorisJohnson how furious they are that he lied to them about Brexit  
what takes precedence? An advisory referendum, or a (snap) election? May lost her mandate in 2017. Is that not where the grave of Brexit should be dug? #fbpe #stopbrexit 
."The people of Ireland don't want Brexit – it's the last thing our island needs & we will work with those in Britain who understand the gravity of the situation to avoid this potential catastrophe.". 
This question must now be answered: did Cambridge Analytica influence the Brexit vote?  
I'll never tire. I'll never tire of calling out racists, bigots, xenophobes & fascists. I'll never tire of calling out Brexit for the deceit of the working class that it is. I'll never tire of standing up for my country & EU against those with selfish interests. I'll never tire. 
We all know umpteen reasons why #Brexit is wrong. What we urgently need to do now is to condense all this detail into a handful of simple & emotionally appealing themes aimed at target audiences, presented through simple memorable slogans.That's the task!#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Don’t worry we know exactly where you are coming from. Facebook is in deep  for the coverup of the conspiracy to illegally harvest users’ data in both the Brexit and Donald Trump campaigns that have weakened democracy 
Great work Pontypridd @UKLabour Hopefully many more CLPs will followBy the end of 2018, Wales will be 2% poorer than with a vote to Remain. When Brexit means another 5.5% hit to wealth in Wales, people have the right rethink #isitworthit 
In business you learn one rule immediately. Under promise and over deliver.Leavers are like failed business people. They wildly over promised the benefits and speed of Brexit only to completely under deliver.Now everyone hates them for that, they want to blame Remainers. 
GAP shop in Perth now charging 20% more for £ Sterling than for €uro. Pound plumetting thanks to #Brexit @WingsScotland 
Now bear in mind that the supposed “Brexit Dividend” is 0.5% GDP (= size of our net contribution to EU)...... anyone spot the problem with the dividend theory?  
.@Andrew_Adonis - The idea that somehow #Brexit is being promoted by those people who have the interests of the masses at their heart is one of the greatest lies at the heart of this project. Brexit is simply a gangplank to nowhere.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
FLASHBACK: How Washington State - one of the most liberal states in the US - voted in their carbon tax referendum in Nov. 2016. Albertans should have the same opportunity. #ableg #UCP #cdnpoli #CPC 
Right thing to do ???? lol you voted Brexit cause you don't like seeing brown people in lidl. 
Tally-no: Will British airlines lose their rights to fly to America after #Brexit?  via @TheEconomist 
We have everything to gain and little to lose by Brexit. We gain freedom; we lose subservience. We gain control; we lose an avalanche of regulations and laws that our people neither agreed to nor voted for. We gain reconnection with old friends; we lose a problematic partnership. 
We will continue to fight this.  @theresa_may must be told there will be permanent consequences if she proceeds with selling out #Brexit  
May reported to be preparing to sell out British fishermen. This must not happen. #Brexit must mean taking full control of the UK's 200 mile Exclusive Economic Zone.  
James O'Brien's Must-Watch Monologue On Britain's Escalating Row With RussiaI use the term 'Wilful Ignorance'. Far  2 many ppl still allow themselves the luxury of ignoring facts & shafting the UK with a damaging #Brexit, incl 2 many MPs.#FinalSayForAll 
I see @johnredwood has finally blocked me.A MP who only  transmits never debates.I think this is for suggesting that jumpstart because he'll benefit from Brexit lots of others won't.I might also gave suggested he is an evil malevolent waster without functioning logic circuits! 
67 and jackpot Petition: End the export of live farm animals after Brexit.  
Huge story.  The Brexit referendum illegally manipulated.  
1/ Cambridge Analytica were involved with Arron Banks. Arron Banks admitted that Cambridge Analytica  submitted an illegal proposal to target foreign wealth individuals and corporations to raise money in support of #Brexit.  
Winston Churchill, William Shakespeare, Oliver Cromwell, St. George, Benedict Cumberbatch, Morris dancers, Simon Cowell’s bootcut jeans and pointy shoes, Brexit, those English lads that work at Paddy Power who wear slip-on shoes with no socks – your boys took a hell of a beating! 
Yes: very important! How can the referendum result stand in the face of this:  
Or you could stop spinning this into a less bad story than it is. Facebook screwed up. Big time. And didn't tell users. Inadvertent or not, Facebook helped deliver Trump and Brexit. The only route forward is to address that progressively rather than continue the spin.  
on influence in U.S. elections, Brexit: We can't say for sure but we can know that scale of it was unprecedented. It is about getting answers and transparency about how it actually worked.  
1) Why do you use #FBPE if that is your view?2) Brexit, which Corbyn supports, will deliver neoliberalism on a scale you've never seen before. And thank you for providing more evidence that international workers' solidarity does not exist for many on the left. 
"Those People Will Do Everything They Can To Frustrate It" says William Dartmouth MEP on Brexit Negotiations & Westminster Politicians 
RAND research finds that no matter how #Brexit negotiations end, the UK will be economically worse off. But a Brexit "do-over," while complicated, is possible, says @Jim_Dobbins. 
From internet genius to whistle blower: Chris Wylie: Cambridge Analytica; Steve Bannon and more. Manipulating the digital age to deliver Political outcomes like Trump snd Brexit?Watch Channel 4 News tonight 6.30pm or  
there is such a thesis to be written on how the combination of Corbyn and Brexit has made everyone lose their fucking minds, everything is exhausting 
The #FBPE FollowBackProEU hash tag continues to dominate the #Brexit debate on Twitter, exposing the increasingly ridiculous position of the government.Add the #FBPE tag to your title or put it in your bio and make those connections.We're winning.#marr  #bbcsp RT 
How's that Brexit working out for you, lads?  
Following PM prematurely invoking Article 50 like a giddy teenager, Select Committee recommends: #Brexit 'should be delayed' to give UK more time to prepare.Act in haste, repent at leisure, wind up #Leavers for months. 
WRONG! There is no "solving Brexit". The Irish Border is just one problem, on a very long list of problems.. Binning #Brexit is only option!  
This is dynamite. How can the referendum result stand when it is known that serious illegalities were involved in it? See what this NYT article says about Brexit: “How Trump Consultants Exploited the Facebook Data of Millions  
Nasty Tory MP Sir Christopher Chope has put forward a private members bill to deprive #EU nationals of all benefits. (While claiming £136k in parliamentary expenses).    May I use: 'vile racist trash' on here?#fbpe #waton #Iameuropean #brexit  
#ENGvIRE England’s decision to extend the boundary in the dead ball area has backfired on them. You’d think that after #brexit they’d know not to fiddle round with any more borders... 
This #StPatricksDay Brighton & Hove Greens have been proud to be out campaigning for the Irish abroad to go #HomeToVote in the referendum on 8th amendment & for reproductive rights  @repealeight @LdnIrishARC #repealth8th @BHGreens @TheGreenParty #prochoice 
You've got to laugh. The brexits wanted to close the borders. Now, to get Brexit over the line, we have to fling em wide open  
Those who voted for #Brexit & work for companies like Toyota, Nissan and Honda should step outside and give themselves a good kicking. Then start chasing your MP to do their bit to #StopBrexit#StopBrexitSaveBritain #StopBrexit2018 
If you want to understand #Trump & #Brexit, and the forces that are eroding our democracy & our social fabric, you MUST watch this interview with Cambridge Analytica whistleblower Christopher Wylie.More superb journalism from @carolecadwalla & @guardian.  
In the 24 hours after @Keir_Starmer was on #BBCQT - nearly 5,000 of you told us your view on @UKLabour policy and #Brexit. The result was emphatic  We're winning the debate online, join us and let's win it in the Labour Party and then the country! #StopBrexit 
Postpone Brexit date and prolong the two-year transition, suggest UK MPs. We Leavers know that the clear & shameless intent of these Remoaner saboteurs is to keep stringing out the length of the transition period in the hope that it becomes permanent.  
Because I think we know the answer. Never. You will blame Remainers, blame the EU, blame opposition or rebel MPs, but you will never, ever blame yourself.‘I keep trying to move on from Brexit’. I bet you do, mate.  
The Brexit strategy proposed by Corbyn will not solve the ‘extreme problems that this Tory government have created’Far from it. Rather it will entrench inequality. Entrench poverty. Entrench division. If Corbyn was at all serious, he’d advocate the softest possible Brexit  
The very same people who want to leave the pooled sovereignity of an EU we rarely disagreed with are now lining up to do exactly what Putin wants with #brexit & downplay nerve gas attacks on our streets. It’s not just about trade nowIt’s way more importantWe have to stop this 
#EUsuperheroes no.27 is @JolyonMaugham "founder of the Good Law Project, fighting for EU citizenship rights. Jo has spoken at anti-Brexit marches and is a fearless and outspoken champion of the EU."Nominate your Hero: 
To the "you lost, get over it" #Brexit crowd. I've got a lovely new BMW M5 to sell youOf course when you come back and say it's 3 yes old, has been in 3 accidents, contains parts from a golf cart, only steers left and has no engineI'll say "you bought it,get over it"Grow up 
NEW: "The data analytics firm that worked w/Trump’s election team & the winning Brexit campaign harvested millions of Facebook profiles of US voters...and used them to build a powerful software program to predict and influence choices at the ballot box."  
Cambridge Analytica also played a role in the Brexit referendum campaign. Can you guess the side for which they worked?  
Cambridge Analytica, described by its founder as an ‘arsenal of weapons’ for a culture war, worked for the #Brexit campaign and the Trump campaign. CA has just been blocked by Facebook.#TrumpRussia 
I want @Jacob_Rees_Mogg to be our next Prime Minister and if the @Conservatives can't see that he will wipe out @UKLabour amateurs, they're seriously missing something that the British Patriot can see.#Brexit the @Jacob_Rees_Mogg Way ! 
We go live now to Brexit  
This is a huge breakthrough on what happened in 2016- and UK investigators are looking into how it also could have affected Brexit vote. Facebook now really on the spot  
It’s time to declare the Referendum ‘null and void’. #CambridgeAnalytica 
“Because when #Brexit is done, and Britain steps into the new future that awaits us, I want it to be this party, the @Conservatives Party, that leads our country into the next decade and beyond”Inspirational speech earlier by @theresa_may at #SpringForum & very well received 
As an average somewhat informed citizen it is hard to understand all the different #brexit options being discussed. This #dataviz might help to clear things up. Or it might further confuse you. You tell me :) Source:  
Facebook has known about this for two years. Does nothing. Only acts when faced w/investigative journalism. Millions was spent on Brexit ‘data analytics’ too....  
Pretty clear they did the same for Brexit.  This is a coordinated attack on Western Democracy by Russia.  Time for NATO to stand up. 
And Brexit.  
Brexit: Most Conservative voters who backed Theresa May in 2017 would favour second referendum 42.7% said they would support it34.6% were against the idea 
In all the years of campaigning for a referendum to leave the EU, Nigel Farage never once gave a thought to the consequences for the Good Friday Agreement.The Leave campaigns never explained what would happen to customs on the Irish border.Now they say that's the EU's fault. 
Those important Japanese investors/ multinationals communicating pretty bluntly what they need in Brexit negotiations - entire EU acquis to apply in transition, and for it to last long enough and be extendible: “pls keep it all the same” basically... pic.twitter.com/JBmPeUdDlZ 
Shady dealings of data tracking firm #CambridgeAnalytica finally dragged out of shadows. These agents of Trump & Brexit now proven to break law in US: UK public enquiry needed to help .@ico #HoldThemToAccount #democracy 
“The data analytics firm that worked with Trump’s election team & the winning Brexit campaign harvested millions of Facebook profiles of US voters...and used them to build a powerful software program to predict & influence choices at the ballot box.”  
BREXIT: 'Great' Anti-Brexit' Northern March' will bring city to standstill next weekend  / #EU #Brexit  
Parliament hasn’t voted on whether we should leave the EU. The referendum was advisory - not a plebiscite instruction.What with Trump and Russia leaving would be even more mad.This may be a (sovereign) democratic process to avoid this Brexit disaster. 
The Tory ERG Brextremists don't want to return sovereignty to the UK, they want huge portions of our nation's affairs including the #NHS to be handed out to multinationals and the global super-rich. #BrexitBetraysBritain#StopBrexit #Brexit 
If Labour or Tory councillors want our Remain votes on May 3rd, they should stand as anti-Brexit independents.We cannot vote for candidates from pro-Brexit parties. If we do, those parties will take our votes as support for their Brexit policy, like they did in the GE.#FBPE 
Cutting London's banks off the EU will "significantly weaken" the EU, and EU officials are "naive" to do so, warns European Investment Fund ex-president.This will lead to global investment in the EU drying up. Keywords: cut, nose, spite, face?#Brexit  
Revealed: 50 million Facebook profiles harvested for Cambridge Analytica in major data breach.Thus is democracy manipulated.And we still don't know the full extent of how #CambridgeAnalytica helped with #Brexit. 
The UK has 73 seats in the EU parliament.46 will disappear after Brexit.The remaining 27 seats will be shared amongst 14 under-represented countries.#FBPE 
Gibraltar threatens to revoke rights of Spanish/EU workers who depend on Gibraltar for their income if Spain blocks a UK-EU deal from applying to Gibraltar. Which way do you think the Spanish economy will go after that?#Brexit  
A preview of the geo-political costs of Brexit. My latest blogpost:  
Brexit vs. food: it’s a lot more complicated than chlorinated chicken. Britain’s best food writer @jayrayner1 joins the REMAINIACS podcast for a jaw-dropping journey into our food future. Listen here: 
Theresa May uses a speech at the Conservative Party Spring Forum to highlight the government’s successes on Brexit, the economy and public services:  
.@theresa_may: "When Brexit is done, and Britain steps into the new future that awaits us, I want it to be this party, the Conservative Party, that leads our country into the next decade and beyond." #SpringForum 
It's time for us to tackle the fear that independence could be many times more disruptive than Brexit, says @LesleyRiddoch. via @ScotNational 
Brilliant to see Labour leader @jeremycorbyn support our #Brexit red line: not a single job lost after we leave the EU! #JobsFirstBrexit 
Worth remembering that even the Brexit “Economists” believe it will result in the annihilation of UK manufacturing. A strategic mistake.  
Infographics of the world's 15 richest cities (summing up the assets of residents).Asia has overtaken North America in numbers (6 vs 5).London is overshadowing the rest of Europe. Will it keep this position after Brexit?ht @simongerman600 Source:  
I've got news for you getting rid of Corbyn doesn't stop Brexit b/c he's not the problem-the Tories, Right Wing Media and decades of de industrialisation which provided the breeding ground for Brexit are.  
*Major development*. Tomorrow the Brexit Select Committee will call on Theresa May to extend our date for leaving t…  
This is The Headrow, #Leeds, right now. In exactly one week’s time this space will be filled with people demanding the Final Say on #Brexit. Be one of them! #GreatNorthernMarch 
Tommy rot. We're getting behind the UK by opposing Brexit. A 3.8% majority, after an appallingly dishonest campaign, is not a mandate to destroy our country's future and ignore half the electorate, Scotland and Northern Ireland. 
If Theresa May does not take back full control of our borders, money, laws, trade & fishing grounds from Brexit Day - 29th March 2019 - she will have betrayed the British people. There is no excuse for selling out the UK with a binding Transition Treaty.  
Perhaps the most hateful of these are just a tiny fraction.  But what we have seen is large segments of the population have embraced them because they help advance their political aims (see Brexit, see Trump, see the Russians).  And even larger segments remain silent. 
My landlord just said I can't put a Liberal Democrat sticker in my window this May, because her and her husband are Pro Brexit and.. "The Germans are taking over Europe and letting the Muslims in".Ohh kay... #StopBrexit #StopBrexitSaveBritain #FBPE #BrexitShambles 
Very few people voted for #Brexit to hurt themselves or their families.  We must respect that & embrace Churchill / Maynard Keynes words 'When the facts change, I change my mind. What do you do? Time for Remainers to properly embrace regretful Brexiteers   
Oh! Another #brexit complication the government didn’t think of: via @IBTimesUK 
FINAL PUSH to reach 100,000 signers (closes Mon 19 Mar)UK Residents Pls Sign + RT Petition to Ban Live Exports after Brexit  Everyone please SIGN #BanLiveExports @seasylvia2005 
When ur grandads had a few cold ones and starts with the brexit talk  
Research finds Brexit could result in longer waiting times, more pressure on staffing & reduced rights when travelling. No-one voted to make NHS weaker. Now we know more, let's #RethinkBrexit & fix UK's issues @ source... Let's #RenewBritain!  @UKandEU 
What impact did Cambridge Analytica have in helping to secure Brexit and Trump election victories? Facebook suspends the data analysis firm for failing to delete user data  
Seems very odd that presiding officer @KenMacintoshMSP permitted this reserved issue to be discussed considering he prevented reserved issue of Brexit being discussed at Holyrood just a week or so ago.  
Our problem with combating Putin is that the #Brexit billionaire press barons and the Tory Brextremists are quite knowingly helping Putin's hybrid war against the EU and Western democracy. #BrexitBetraysBritain.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
#Brexit is a once-in-a-lifetime chance to revive our proud #fishingindustry but once again @theresa_may has rolled over for #Brussels & surrendered to their mad demands. This pathetic #PM is selling us to the #EU!  #BBC #SKY @LBC #LBC @ConHome @CCHQPress 
No. There ARE pro-EU councillors in the Labour and Tory parties. But their own parties are not listening to them. We tried to differentiate between such candidates at the GE, but both parties took our votes as support for Brexit. The only way they'll listen is if they lose votes.  
I've supported JC from the get-go. Even when I'm a bit cross with him about #brexit sometimes I still #ISupportJeremyCorbyn and I'll never stop. #jc4pm 
#BREAKING Patrick Harvie says “you can bet your bottom Euro that it won’t be people like Jacob Rees-Mogg who bear the brunt of the economic damage” of Brexit #SGPconf 
EUROPEAN big businesses are falling over themselves to set up UK companies so they can continue trading in Britain after Brexit and make sure they are part of the country’s future outside the bloc.  
SMASHED: British fishermen ‘won’t get larger share of fish during Brexit transition period’. That means our fishing industry hammered until at least 2021. 
If ministers sell out to the EU on fishing this is a bad sign they will betray voters in other areas too, i.e. with a Fake Brexit in which businesses and consumers are still stuck with hugely costly EU red tape. 
‘We do NOT support EU Army’ Ireland TURNS on Brussels in shock security broadside  #Brexit 
Fun and accurate explainer of Brexit transition.Perhaps it would be worth doing a version with Duplo instead of Lego so that cabinet ministers can understand it as well? ;-)  
Except for the fact that fishing towns are now afraid of Brexit....  
Brexit is a once-in-a-lifetime chance to revive our proud fishing industry but once again Theresa May has rolled over for Brussels & surrendered to their mad demands. This quisling is selling us down the river!READ MORE SUPPORT US  
One day, St. Brexit's Day will be celebrated, to remember the time Saint Brexit drove all the diversity, decency, logic, wealth and power out of Britain. 
At least in Lisbon I, during the campaign the then government lied and said they would not entertain thoughts of a second referendum. They had the decency to have basic manners towards democracy during a referendum campaign. 
This is massive news from Brexit Select Committee (@CommonsEUexit) who say we need Art 50 extension as pragmatic measure to ensure we have enough negotiating time. Well done @hilarybennmp and cross-party team for putting good sense before ideology. 
The idea of punishing Russia for Skripal is absurd when our government is handing Putin the huge strategic prize of #Brexit, a prize vastly outweighing any possible punishment.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
So @reginado says the results of the referendum will not be accepted by repealers if they lose?? Confirmation that this referendum is as much about safeguarding our democracy as the welfare of women and their babies. Disgraceful stuff. 
Psychological tactics used against us in referendum finally acknowledged.They targeted the gullible with pro Brexit lies and fantasies.They targeted innocent and decent people, to make us believe it was anti-democratic and elitist to support the EU.Free your mind. #FBPE 
The UK's geopolitical position is weaker than at any post-war moment (Putin, Trump, Brexit). 
Our weekend reading at #Brexit task force of the @EU_Commission 
Regina Doherty, Cabinet Minister:- Says she won't accept a NO vote on #repealthe8th- Says that NO voters are "ignorant"- Says there'll be a push for a second referendum.These are scandalous comments. Scandalous.  
Unfreakingbelievably, this Irish government minister says her side will not accept a referendum vote to #SaveThe8th. Then they want you to trust them. The sheer contempt.If you really believe in democracy, you know very well what to do:  
Brexit is undermining our democracy #1:If ERG member John Whittingdale MP doesn't like what he hears he doesn’t have to ring a hotline or fill in an online form, like most Radio 4 listeners.He picks up the phone to BBC execs expecting they'll dance to his tune. And they do.  
Porsche boss warns EU bullying Britain over Brexit deal could cost jobs in Germany and cause 'big trouble for businesses'  via @MailOnline 
Remoaner MPs want to use their power on the Brexit Select Committee to  get Article 50 extended - another dirty tactic from sore losers who want  to defy the will of the people!We rely on public donations. Support us by visiting  
Congratulations again to @BuzzFeedUK for your great story-breaking investigative journalism. More to come on the rot inside the #Brexit campaign. Soon please.  
Wow BBC, I though you reserved this carry-on for Scottish politicians. Up side, rest of the UK can see what we in Scotland, of an indy supporting nature, put up with day after day. And no, I don't have a TV licence.#Brexit #indyref2 
IMPORTANT: whatever @Arron_banks and @andywigmore say now, not long ago they were boasting of @LeaveEUOfficial "We used CA (Cambridge Analytica) to win Brexit"@carolecadwalla @hugorifkind @J_amesp 
... fuck Brexit, fuck Brexit, fuck Brexit, fuck Brexit, fuck Brexit, fuck Brexit, fuck Brexit, fuck Brexit, fuck Brexit, fuck Brexit, fuck Brexit, fuck Brexit, fuck Brexit, fuck Brexit, fuck Brexit, fuck Brexit, fuck Brexit, fuck Brexit, fuck Brexit, fuck Brexit, fuck Brexit ... 
The idea that Brexiters thought they could get their ‘win’ and then stop thinking about it exposes Brexit’s inherent weaknesses; namely the hard work and responsibility of doing it, the detail, the compromises and goodwill needed and managing expectations after so many lies.... 
NEW: UK set to back down over fishing quotas during Brexit transition   
Steve Bannon is a big fan of Mussolini.He's also very keen on Putin.This is the man who Farage thanked for having "helped hugely" with #Brexit - a project promoted at every stage by the extreme right.Wake up, UK. 
DISGRACE: Remoaner MPs set to push for Brexit to be delayed. The country voted Leave. We’ve waited long enough. This is a clear attempt to thwart our country’s independence.  
It’s time we had a serious conversation about @BBCr4today and its approach to reporting Brexit.   
READ: a new poll reveals most voters who backed Theresa May at the last election would support a final say on her Brexit deal. Please RT: 
At last, a @UKLabour MP with the courage to say #Brexit will be a disaster and to support another vote for the electorate. Thank you @MadeleineMoon Support @Labour4EU to #StopBrexitNow 
Will there be a Brexit transition deal next week?More likely than not, imo, but UK will get political deal, not legally-binding text.Uncertainty over how much further UK needs to go on Ireland to get that political deal.Next three days decisive.  
Latest climbdown is on fishing quotas during transition. Dear Michael Gove, can you remind us what the point of Brexit is?  
When you think of Cambridge Analytica, don't forget that  Mike Flynn, now co-operating with Mueller after indictments for Russian connections, joined the Bannon/Mercer company just after Brexit and before Trump was voted in.  
Even Grayling, as dim & deluded as he is, must know what he’s saying is illegal & not even remotely workable. Seems to me govt has basically given up trying to deliver Brexit & inviting public to change its mind.  
And the UK in 2016 with our manipulated EU Referendum. 
This huge leak of Tory MPs' WhatsApp conversations reveals how they pressure the media on Brexit, what they think of some of the UK’s top journalists — and the time they joked about chopping off a BuzzFeed News reporters’ balls 
Hi everyone, I'm the new twitter editor at #Brexit Facts4EU.  I'll try to keep you informed & entertained - wish me luck! Sara xFacts4EU - the most original & factual daily #Brexit news:  
Yes. And I get it to some extent: who wants to hear that one’s country is as unpleasant as what Brexit has brought out? But those who’d rather ignore the issues  of course accidentally enable them further. It doesn’t matter how uncomfortable: always best to address upfront.  
When you suddenly remember that Brexit is real.  
Predictable tit-for-tat playground stuff between UK and Russia. It’s obvious that only one thing would worry Putin the slightest: Britain stopping Brexit 
We’ve a choice of three leaders:@theresa_may: hard Brexit & Breitbart values. @jeremycorbyn: hard Brexit & Putin’s values. Or @vincecable  
Read more about this data manipulation and propaganda company and their role in the #Brexit referendum here: Cambridge Analytica 
Mueller forced Facebook to reveal details of Cambridge Analytica’s methods of influencing US election as part of his Russia probe. UK Govt must now demand same on EU Referendum.    
"People shouldn't underestimate the dangers that Brexit's bringing."Britain's car industry is about to be forcibly split from its biggest market  
NEW: a clear majority of Tory voters in London say they want a people’s vote on the #Brexit deal  
Pub chain boss hits out at Brexit scare stories | Press and Journal - The Press and Journal  
A fascinating insight - 1) he is basically admitting that Brexit has the potential for UK's ruination 2) he blames this on the people who opposed it. We must overturn it because it is clear even to ardent leavers that it cannot work.  
What nags me about Salisbury is the ‘who benefits’ test.1. Putin. By portraying Russia as under siege.2. The UK government & its enfeebled Prime Minister. By seizing an atmosphere of outrage as a political opportunity overshadowing a daily turmoil of Brexit-related failure 
Unilever announce they're moving their headquarters out of the UK - not Brexit. Prices are up - not Brexit. Businesses being forced to sign non-disclosure agreements about border arrangements - taking back control.It's all fine, it's all great. 
Here's my blog from May 2016, arguing that one problem with Brexit is that it would embolden and enable the Kremlin:  
So much societal progress is being torn down on both sides of the Atlantic - each with common factors. Putin's information war has aimed to confuse, to set allies against each other and, to our shame, it has worked. See Trump and Brexit for proof... #Shambles 
Facebook suspends controversial data firm Cambridge Analytica, which played such a key role in EU Referendum. Significant.  
BBC’s flagship morning news programme is reporting that Facebook has suspended “a data company credited with helping Donald Trump win the 2016 Presidential election” & FAILING TO MENTION THE SAME COMPANY’S INVOLVEMENT IN BREXIT REFERENDUM CAMPAIGN. #CambridgeAnalytica #r4today  
How dare YOU presume to dictate to others what they must think and where they must live, who elected YOU to that high position?Several million more people did NOT vote for Brexit than did...so get used to it, Brexit is DEAD BTW 
Latest #brexit absurdity if we aren't going to enforce border controls in Ireland but Ireland is obliged to maintain them doesn't that mean we are handing over control of our borders to the EU? 
Cambridge Analytica - Great news to wake up to @Nigel_Farage & @Arron_banks. Here's some more... Won't be long before matters are tracked just a bit further back to #EURef.#Trump#Brexit@CamAnalytica 
The question is why wouldn’t you have a referendum to hold the Leave campaign’s promises up to the light.  
#BREXIT EXCLUSIVE - EU to hit UK with another huge bill - and it's not even part of our treaty obligations. Read it & weep:  
According to the @guardian ‘a committee of MPs is set to warn in a report tomorrow that Britain is so unprepared that it should consider postponing the Brexit date’ 
Only 407 sigs needed for the jackpot. Keep signing & sharing. Petition: End the export of live farm animals after Brexit.  
So Mrs May wants to remove any restrictions on people and goods entering or leaving the UK by having an open border in Ireland and Dover. So the only restriction in movement #Brexit delivers is for UK citizens. They're taking away our rights for no good reason.#Brexit is bollox 
The majority of Conservative voters who supported Theresa May in the 2017 Generl Election favour a second Brexit Referendum - once the terms of the withdrawal deal become clear. It's what May's people want ... #StopBrexit 
Facebook suspends Cambridge Analytica, the data analysis firm that worked on the Trump campaign (& allegedly the Brexit/Leave campaign), for misusing user data. BOOM.  
Things standing in the way of Brexit:Irish BorderCitizens rightsEU27The EU ParliamentGibralter#FBPEParliamentary democracyThe youngThe LordsThe will of the people#remain48% and risingIndustryJobsNHSThe factsUnicorns#FinalSayAnyone with a brain.ME 
The pro Corbyn hate Corbyn battle all over my twitter feed is now louder then the #StopBrexit campaign.As I have no political alliances and I only use twitter for campaigning against Brexit and a bit of fooling about,I find this disturbing.#Stopbrexit 
The bias of the man who shames democracy: PETER OBORNE on John Bercow's latest Brexit embarrassment after Speaker put pro-EU sticker in his car  via @MailOnline 
“There are people in Scotland who are willing to do the hard thinking for little reward. Nations are built on the back of such people.” New book by Common Weal. England & Wales, you voted for Brexit where’s your book detailing the why, what, how, & how much? #ScotRef 
Rees-Mogg demands inquiry over civil servants 'hoodwinking' voters with 'KitKat' Brexit 
Great piece. There’s insight in every paragraph, and I agree with every word. “There is precisely zero geo-political benefit of Brexit: it is all downside.”  
This is an image of a pro-Independence protest against BBC bias during the Scottish referendum. The building behind is BBC studios. This, like the recent Catalan Rallies, never made it to the News. BBC is a state tool, don't pay their licence tax  
Here's one of my mega-threads on Cambridge Analytica and their work for the Trump campaign, including their links to Bannon, Kushner, Flynn, Erik Prince, and the Mercer family (as well as their work on the Brexit campaign).  
It's all going to come to a head very soon.Personally, I can see only one outcome.#IndyRef2Other outcomes may be available. I just can't see it.If they overrule Holyrood, there is no other option.It has to be an independence referendum.I'm up for it! 
This firm worked for both the Trump and Brexit campaigns.  
Mercer, Bannon, Farage, Brexit LeaveEU, Louise Mensch, VoteLeave, Ted Cruz, Trump all used Cambridge Analytics data to weaponize social media and influence elections  
.@carolecadwalla’s ‘The great British Brexit robbery: how our democracy was hijacked’ gives a great account of Cambridge Analytica’s meddling.  
Facebook suspends Trump and Brexit-affiliated data analytics firm Cambridge Analytica after reports it and affiliated psychologist lied about data retention (Paul Grewal / Facebook) 
This is pretty interesting. Cambridge Analytica has been credited with helping both the Trump campaign and Brexit win their elections. Since then, the UK-based company also opened an office in NYC to help do similar psychographics work for brand marketing.  
Here is a little girl who doesn't get invited to birthday parties because her parents are foreign. Mum says *I live South Humberside. 70% . .  voted leave . .  I'm used to racist remarks now.* This is what Brexit has enabled. I'm ashamed of GB. Just stop it @UKParliament. 
"Scotland could wait to find out what happens after Brexit, .... Or it could cut the rope, pull itself back into the boat, and sail towards a hopeful if uncertain future. I know which option I would take." 
finally a Brexit policy I can get behind  
Watching the Mishima doc again, seeing his idealised wish to return to feudalism and a glorious, ancient noble, past, as well as ending his life with such a grand destructive dramatic gesture, made me think of brexit. 
The Russians have nothing to gain from assassinations creating cold wars or further diplomatic tensions, but UK Gov & BBC State propaganda have everything to gain from shutting down RT and a distraction from the Brexit Shambles and the UK breaking up 
Anyone wanting to understand the stance of Japanese companies (and, by extension, companies from other non-EU countries) investing in UK towards Brexit really needs to read this. Time is running out fast - meaning days and weeks, not months - if UK is to avoid an FDI catastrophe.  
Listening to @BBCRadio4Today in parliament.The language used to describe Remainers is ABSURD."Arch Remainer @Andrew_Adonis"And voting down the bill is an attempt to "Scupper", "frustrate" and "filibuster" #Brexit 
I can pretty much guarantee that apart from the morons, xenophobes, racists and fascists, everyone else i.e. 95+% of the British population would breathe a MASSIVE sigh of relief if Brexit was stopped. Why are so many being held to ransom by so few? 
‘I didn’t vote for what it appears we’re going to get now.’Everyone, however they voted in 2016, needs the opportunity to take stock of where #Brexit has got to & is heading, and to choose #ExitFromBrexit through a #Brexitdeal vote if they conclude now: #itsnotworthit 
Brexit will be stopped, probably after being delayed...   
‘Most Conservative voters who backed May in 2017 would favour second referendum’Come on, @UKLabour. You should be capitalising on this. Back another referendum; get moderate Tory voters to defect; give moderate Tory MPs the jitters; force a rebellion. 
The next betrayal in the brexit saga seems to be giving half the control of Gibraltars airport to the Spanish. No  Britons negotiating for the UK that's for sure. 
It's the people who didn't vote in 2016 who have now given #Remain a majority. Lots of horrified people who didn't bother voting now wish they had. #Brexit #StopBrexit #FBPE #FinalSay #FinalSayForAll  
For Britain's sake Brexit must be stopped:Vote tactically at 3 May local elections. Vote for the Remain Party with the better chance in yr ward: Lib Dem or Green usually, NOT Tory or Labour. If Remain lags far behind, vote Remain anyway. Let's make ourselves heard. @acgrayling 
.@EvanHD obsessing over a poll of less than 2,000 people from @YouGov. YouGov a thing owned by the @CONservatives. You know, the political party who have taken over £800,000 in donations from the #Russians since the EU referendum. #Newsnight 
Porsche boss warns the EU that bullying Britain over the Brexit deal could cost jobs in Germany and cause 'big trouble for businesses'  
#Russianspy Corbyn ally Chris Williamson says Labour MPs backing Govt enemies of @jeremycorbyn that’s shad foreign, defence & Brexit secs 
Brexit: Most Conservative voters now favour a new EU referendum.The study of more than 1,400 Conservative voters shows the majority favour a #FinalSay vote once the terms of our withdrawal are clear.The public have a right to #StopBrexit. #FBPE.   
The Home Office shamelessly tweeting a xenophobic lie. There are circa 65 million EU citizens in the UK.#LeaveLies#Stopbrexit #FBPE #Brexit  
The UK government lied about Iraq, Serbia, Afghanistan, Phone hacking, VIP paedophiles, the Falklands, Hillsborough, Brexit, the Bank bailout and many more. But we really really need to believe them about Russia. This time they are telling the truth. #newsnight 
Old Etonians spun us a tale of sunlit uplands & unicorns, sprinkled with Latin bon-mots. For a moment half the country was taken in. It was a flight of fancy, a vision of Empire 2.0, a new religion.But Britain is waking up now. We know #Brexit is a bad idea. We need a #FinalSay 
Why won’t nobody tell us what the Russians got for their £800,000+ in donations to the @CONservatives since the EU referendum? It’s not an unreasonable Question to ask. Just what, exactly, are the Tories doing for Russian money? 
Inevitable sooner or later as the Brexit divisiveness is probably even irritating some moderate Tory Leavers by now. We'd all like to put this nightmare behind us and find some resolution other than the inexorable hardBrexit trajectory. #FinalSay might just resolve matters. 
I was a lifelong #Labour supporter who joined the @LibDems just over a year ago, appalled by Corbyn & #Brexit I have met kind people interested in progressive politics & who believe in good causes.Come on over. 
MPs call for Brexit delay as deal by March impossible. They should have backed Article 50’s author Lord Kerr’s call for the delay to allow a second referendum on the final deal. RT if you agree  
Irish border remains a Brexit hurdle, say EU sources  
The outrage for the Salisbury attack is entirely justified. If it were shown across the country against the Austerity that led to Brexit, or against the poverty Brexit will bring, both would be stopped over night.  
Pity that Hilary Benn MP failed to get consensus on his Brexit committee report.  Rare that Commons committee chairs are so strident or partisan 
Some telling humour on #brexit from @InFactsOrg 
I work in a hospital & people R pissed with me talking about Brexit. Looked around the theatre today & of the 8 of us there, 4 were either married 2 other EU healthcare nationals or were non-British EU nationals. #StopBrexitSaveOurNHS @DerbyChrisW @UKLabour 
Tomorrow's front page: 'Brexit could be the spark that reignites the Northern Irish powder keg' ... NI Green leader in stark warning as parties prepare to sign 'Greenock Agreement' to fight for Scotland's EU place  
So it's official: I'm taking the Chair of Logic and Metaphysics at the University of St Andrews.In the middle of Brexit, USS and all that mess, I'm happy to go back to beautiful Scotland, where my heart belongs. Aye!  
Thank you for this thread. I voted Leave - expecting a soft and orderly Brexit. Alarmed at the slide out of CU and SM - only to be shouted down (from all sides) with “you knew what you voted for!”#NoMandateForHardBrexit 
The UK currently has three threats to its prosperity, integrity & existence:The Conservative PartyHard BrexitRussiaand they all work together... 
Tories will be adamant there will not be another referendum right up to the point where it’s in their electoral interests to have one & then they’ll back it.This poll suggest that point is getting a lot closer than was previously thought.#ExitFromBrexit 
Gotta say I totally wasn’t expecting the latest “we’ll take control of our borders by not enforcing control of our borders” Brexit plot-twist. 
Brexit: Most Conservative voters who backed Theresa May in 2017 would favour second referendum - The Independent  
Mayors and BC gov reach historic deal for funding a $7 Billion transit plan, the biggest in BC history. “But what about a referendum?” Said nobody. Well maybe Jordan Bateman #vanpoli 
Unspeakably proud that Pontypridd Labour Party has called for a #FinalSay Referendum on terms of Brexit, with an option to Remain in the EU, as the reality of Brexit becomes clearer Wales did not vote for a poorer future. We should not be complicit in providing one #FBPE 
Mini Brexit leak: I've got my hands on a copy of the revised guidelines on future relations, which were circulated this evening. Main changes below, in consecutive order. (Warning: there are definitely better things to do on a Friday night.) 
It seems simple to me people. It's time to call out racism, intolerance and bigotry wherever you find it.Brexit had emboldened the nasties and we need to stand up to it more than ever before. 
"In a move that has infuriated Tory MPs, the Commons Brexit Select Committee is set to recommend that the PM should request an extension to the EU’s Article 50 process beyond next March"Sounds sensible.#brexitshambles 
.If you are bored with #BrexitMay I remind youThat this isn’t Brexit yetThis is still the Brexit foreplayAnd you’re boredAnd it’s crapDo you say “Oh just get on with it”Or do you say what you really think: “Sorry, this isn’t working. Please stop” 
Sugar from Poland, workers from Latvia, packaging from Greece - a border business like Crilly’s Sweets would be seriously jeopardised by a hard Brexit. Fascinating afternoon in South Armagh with Alyn Smyth MEP. Thanks Conor Patterson of WIN Newry & Justin McNulty for the insights  
Azerbaijan has repeatedly voiced that changing the country’s internationally recognized borders could be decided through a nationwide referendum, in accordance with the requirements of Azerbaijan’s constitution.  
We agree. The referendum is a red herring. And there is as yet no constitutional decision to leave.  
The majority of Britain would now back a second referendum.. People just want the chance, to right this wrong. #EU #Brexit #FinalSay 
Brexit ‘should be delayed’, MPs set to urge.The PM should request an extension to the EU’s Article 50 process beyond next March, the Commons Brexit Select Committee is set to recommend.Even better, let’s #StopBrexit and give the public a #FinalSay. 
Be fair this Brexit government won't totally fail at restricting Freedom of Movement, although it's been revealed the UK is removing all border controls into the UK they've done a great job of restricting our FoM in 27 EU countries. 
If someone really wanted to “distract Britain from Brexit” all they’d really need to do is get that woman to put another cat in a bin. 
This is absolutely extraordinary - they're now actually boasting that Scotland is not a democracy.  The elected Scottish Parliament voted to hold a referendum in this session - a minority party has no right to say "no".  This is not Spain. 
Good to see the BBC finally inviting MEPs other than Farage onto Question Time. Let’s have them bring knowledge and experience to the Brexit debate. #StopBrexit. 
Well, well.   Most Conservative voters who backed Theresa May in 2017 would favour second referendum  
#Brexit-is extremely costly-is pointless-will satisfy no-one-can be stopped-will fail-is the fault of brexiters-not the EU or remainers-will not meet any of its promises@afneil@BBCNewsnight@Peston@AndrewMarr9@bbclaurak@BBCNews@bbcnickrobinson@daily_politics 
#Brexit 'should be delayed', Commons Brexit committee to urge.  
Dominic Grieve - #Brexit risks isolating the UK. Those of us who want to take our country to a better destination are aware that we need the support of our European partners to achieve that. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
The North of Ireland could face a 20% drop in economic growth as a direct consequence of Brexit. The public have a right to know.  
A preview of the geo-political costs of Brexit. My latest blogpost just up:  
Mr Lamb was careful not to make the vote a referendum on the president  
Theresa May's Brexit plans suffer major blow with release of report by MPs  
Can’t stop laughing at the idea that the Skripal business was just ‘to distract people from Brexit’. Mate, the UK lost its shit for days because a baking programme moved channels; you don’t need to attack someone with a chemical weapon to distract us. 
Had the Tories proposed a UK tax haven style economy in a General Election manifesto, that would have been democratically correct. But instead the Tory ERG extremists are trying to sneak it in under the pretence that #Brexit is about immigration & sovereignty. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
In response to our investigation on government plans for the #Brexit border 34 MPs have signed a letter to the PM demanding answers @faisalislam 
I'm never disappointed by Prof Grey who articulates all my own views (he may have read my Brexit & security paper lol) and brings ever more thoughts & always joins up the dots in an original insightful way. The best all round read on Brexit shambles around. A true Brexit polymath  
#UK uses #Russia as boogeyman to divert attention from #Brexit's negotiation failures. 
Michel Barnier, wearing shamrock, turns up at Brussels #StPatricksDay celebrations and has a glass of Guinness #Brexit #softpower 
Barry Stanton has been suspended? house in meltdown, carling all over the floor, threw a mug at the telly, holding back tears while munching my tea watching the chase. might go twat a paki round the head and scream brexit means brexit in remembrance of my dear friend 
This is dreadful behaviour, but sadly this is the reality of living in the UK now. The Brexit ref seems to have given the haters the green light to be openly racist and xenophobic. I'm so sorry you feel you have to move back to Berlin. I'm so ashamed. Huge hug to you and yours.  
Traitor Labour MEPs voted against leaving the single market & customs union, ending ECJ jurisdiction in UK, a wide ranging trade deal with recognition of standards, protecting our fishing waters. They also supported a financial Brexit bill & EU attempts to annex Northern Ireland.  
On May 3rd in the local elections it is our opportunity to show our MP's their fate in the next General Election.Hit them where it hurts the most. In the polling both.Don't vote for a pro brexit party #FBPE #StopBrexit #brexit 
The people want a proper Brexit and they must get it, says Brendan O’Neill:  
wallace from wallace and gromit would’ve definitely voted brexit 
Emerged from a news-free day to find myself in a country plunged deep into John le Carré landscape on the one hand. On the other, a country so desperate to enforce border control that it decides to unenforce borders. Secretly. Brexit. Go figure. #FridayFeeling 
Keep saying it but why didn’t parliament vote to get this sorted out BEFORE voting on & through the EU referendum? Why did parliamentarians vote to hold a national referendum when there was NO DUE DILIGENCE on N Ireland or the rest of the UK?!  
A risible proposal. Hilary is a good man and I respect him very, very, much. On #Brexit, however, he is just plain wrong and like so many remainers, desperate to avert the inevitable.  
A little clip on #brexit seen on facebook  by @brexitvideo 
Our cross party letter, co-ordinated by @Open_Britain, to the Prime Minister demanding that her Government clarify their chaotic #Brexit border policy. Full details here:  
In a move that has infuriated Tory MPs, the Commons Brexit Select Committee is set to recommend that the PM should request an extension to the EU’s Article 50 process beyond next March.#StopBrexit #FBPE #iameuropean 
Despite govt’s own record on IT projects and the glaring lack of evidence of any other border in the world being frictionless and without checks, Theresa May’s Brexit plans suffer major blow. Wow. Almost like her ‘plans’ are......crap.  
Have written this afternoon to the PM, along with over 30 MPs from different parties, demanding that the government clarify the chaos that is their border policy if #Brexit happens. Details below   
MPs have written to the prime minister demanding clarification after the transport secretary, Chris Grayling, said any additional physical checks on lorries at Dover after #Brexit would be “utterly unrealistic”.#StopBrexit #FBPE  
They took to the streets to protest:An democratic EU referendum resultA democratically elected US PresidentA democratically elected UK governmentHere are the same people protesting grooming gangs, mass rape of British girls & the media/establishment silence#TelfordAbuse 
I will be attending a protest that has been organised by PTI, its labour wing and PTI PakSteel Insaf union that one the referendum in 2017, at Pakistan Steel Gate at 9 AM tomorrow.  
Excellent thread on perhaps the weirdest Brexit story so far  
Brexit is a cult with a brainwashed following. It is not based on rationality but being pushed by its cultist leaders for nothing more than power 
Our daily reminder to register to vote for local elections in England.Deadline to register: 17 AprilElection Day: Thurs May 3 This is an opportunity to send a #StopBrexit message (#ABTV = anti-Brexit tactical vote) …Please Retweet. 
First, UK shoots itself in right foot with #Brexit. Then they shoot left foot with #PoisonGate hoax.   
Everyone born after 1974 has been a British AND EU citizen their entire adult life... Guess which generation voted Remain.The Brexit campaign complained about a loss of identity... Guess what Brexit is taking from us. 
News alert: Boris Johnson referred to the streets of Salisbury as *the streets of Europe*. I know that Brexit hasn't happened YET but given Brexiteers talk as if it has, is this a good sign? Come on, BoJo, you've turned before, you can turn again. Do it! #StopBrexit!  
HMG gives away its final fall back position of an open border in breach of all international norms as the ultimate threat.If I were the EU27, I'd give May 48 hours to withdraw this proposal by a legally binding text or call our bluff and end the Brexit negotiations.#FBPE 
Snow risk to life....Russian Assassination...Cheltenham Festival....Brexit Deal....Nowt beats top news ere in Yorkshire....  
Donald Tusk confirming that EU-UK trade post-#Brexit will be ‘more complicated and costly for all of us’ and that it won’t make ‘trade frictionless or smoother’ demonstrates how catastrophic #Brexit will be for the UK economy. @theresa_may cannot continue to ignore the facts. 
Never in my entire life have I felt so politically unrepresented as I do now.I suspect that there are many like me. I wonder how many others feel this way.#FBPE #StopBrexit #brexit 
EU protests against Trump's trade policies have the stench of hypocrisy about them:  #Brexit 
BREXIT RUSH! Euro big businesses starting firms IN UK to exploit Britain’s GLOBAL future“Having an entity in the UK also puts businesses in a position where they could have access to any future preferential trade agreements.”  
This afternoon we also had some of our dedicated volunteers outside Glasgow Central Station. If you want to join our volunteers and help spread our message that Scotland doesn’t want, or need, another divisive referendum, then please sign up here:  
A St. Patrick’s Day greeting from us to the people of Oxford with a serious message. Stop Brexit. #FBPE #WATON 
About time Barry Stanton got suspended. Funny at first but his tweets had become repetitive. Long live @oldbob1944 the true patriot of Brexit Twitter 
Ditto, Brexit and international trade.Ask them about whether the EU has unfair trade barriers against #Wakanda, and some will nod. 
Gibraltar warns the EU it will challenge it in court and could rescind citizens' rights if Spain uses its 'illegal' veto on any Brexit deal  
A huge cache of leaked WhatsApp messages show how Tory Brexiteers have repeatedly pressured the media to shape coverage of Brexit – and joked about cutting off a BuzzFeed News reporter’s testicles 
A preview of the geo-political costs of Brexit. My latest blog post just up:  
The Civil Service in the north has done its own analysis on the impact that Brexit will have on people here. The results are so damning that they haven’t been released to the public domain. The public has a right to know.  
Shortly after the Brexit vote I began to suspect that this is in fact a right wing coup - everything I've seen since reinforces this.  
Exclusive: Brexit 'could be delayed' to get better deal for UK, MPs set to urge. Brexiteers on the cttee so furious they've submitted minority report. 
Impassioned speech by Labour MP @MadeleineMoon saying she agrees 100% with Tory MP @Anna_Soubry: virtually everybody in Parliament knows Brexit is a disaster; will leave the country poorer. There are a few brave, sensible MPs on both sides #BrexitShambles 
"We have the ability to bring about a referendum on Irish Unity, we must win that referendum. And we will do it, if we all work hard and do our best" @GerryAdamsSF 
The areas hit hardest include the north-east, the north-west and the West Midlands, all of which voted for Brexit  
No one voted for higher prices and poorer public services, but that is what is likely post-#Brexit. The emerging evidence suggests Brexit will hurt most those who have the least. This isn’t ‘Project Fear.’ @theresa_may must grant parliament a free vote on the deal. 
700 sigs and we are there..let's do it. Pls share & sign if you haven't already :  Petition: End the export of live farm animals after Brexit.  
She said "not yet". The time is coming. I want no part in your horrible #Brexit . An independent Scotland inside the EU is a sensible way forward. #ScotRef #Indyref2 
The NDP wants to force endless carbon tax hikes on Albertans without consent (didn't even mention in 2015 election). @jkenney will scrap the carbon tax, and require any future gov't to hold referendum if they want a carbon tax. #ableg #abpoli #UCP #cdnpoli #CPC 
One year ago today, the Prime Minister rejected Nicola Sturgeon’s demand for another independence referendum.Sign our petition and send the SNP a message. 
Today's brexit music is the acquired taste that is "Fresh Fruit for Rotting Vegetables" by the Dead Kennedy's. Hopefully it isn't delayed at Dover with the rest of the fresh stuff It was going to be "Bedtime for Democracy", but this has better songs. 
Jesus. The media Wall to wall Brexit followed by wall to wall Russia/CorbynAre there NO journalists interested in the housing crisis, NHS crisis, the Social Care crisis, education cuts, poverty, falling wages NOW? It's like an alternative fucking Universe for the journalists 
hey look, it's all the debates in the run up to the referendum #repealth8th 
Walk away.......Only way .......    Wetherspoon boss threatens to DEVASTATE 'Brussels plutocrats' with Brexit TRADE WAR       
Ironic and it would be laughable if it weren’t so serious: the Brexit that is supposed to take back control of our borders is preparing instead to throw them wide open. #FinalSay 
So Russia is being investigted about EVERYTHING - er - except how it may have interfered with, corrupted and "swung" the 2016 referendum. Hmmm.Corruption, pure and simple. By our own government: 
Procopius wrote in the 6th century that at night, Frankish fishermen rowed the souls of their dead over the Channel to Britain and in reward they were exempt from Frankish taxes.Brexit'll put an end to that kind of trade deal. 
Some Leavers say the UK is not independent in the EU.A nuclear armed nation with a permanent seat on the UNSC not independent! They should ask the Scots and Welsh what not being independent means!#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit 
The Road to Brexit (2018)  
'Absolute NONSENSE!' Redwood demolishes Anna Soubry's anti-Brexit speech in Commons clash  
Life's not all about #Brexit but Homemade FRENCH onion soup & homemade ITALIAN Focaccia consumed whilst reminiscing about a Euro hol passed in 6 EU states & only showing a passport at the UK & Swiss borders makes me realise if we don't #StopBrexitSaveBritain we'll lose plenty! 
If this chart is anywhere close to accurate, Brexit was just beginning. You're looking at complete disintegration of EU. Euro voters will backlash vs lack of control over borders and will - if only as 1st order approximation - blame EU. Without fixes they'll go further populist.  
I can’t really accept Brexit as a Tory coup d’etat when current Labour policy is to cheer it and them on.  
.@M_AndersonSF recently launched a campaign aimed primarily at young people. #OneThing about Brexit is an online platform which will allow young people to articulate the #OneThing that concerns them about Brexit. This is a short video to promote the campaign. #OneThing 
All across Europe people are now asking the question: What is the point of the Union?Brexit was the first brick in the wall. More will follow! Read more:  
30 mile queues at British ferry ports after Brexit. But, hey, spaceports! Hurrah!   
There’s a couple of dozen MPs from more than one political party who, if political tribalism took a break, could form a government twice as good as the current incompetents. It’s not a coincidence that they are all anti Brexit. Not hard to guess who they are. 
BBC News - Brexit: Lorry checks at Dover 'unrealistic' says Grayling  Fortunately, there is a way to avoid customs procedures, spotchecks, health & safety checks etc. not only in Dover but also on the Northern Ireland border. It's called the Customs Union 
#PutinPunishesUKBy rigging #Eurovision2018 so the UK wins...and then we have to host #Eurovision2019, which the rest of Europe snubs because of Brexit. 
“Once you start proposing that violence may be a consequence of something, you’re almost encouraging violence,”- Jacob Rees-MoggWe've come to a point where remainiacs are actually hoping to see violence  flare up in Northern Ireland so they can say we must reverse #Brexit?  
There is a massive amount of noise around on Ireland and #Brexit today. FT set hares running this morning.... 1/Thread 
++BREAKING++Reuters reports 'No deal' #Brexit will cost UK companies £27billion a year - explains why Govt trying to tie UK firms down to non disclosre agreements on their Brexit costs.For reference EU memebership costs UK£8bn a year & leaving means many additional expenses. 
"Democracies are under threat: Brexit vote, Netherlands & Spain referendum, USA France Germany Italy elections... All were attacked by Russia."Former Estonian president @IlvesToomas on why we urgently must be #DefendingDemocracy. 
The UK should use Brexit to promote free trade and prosperity across the world, says UK Chamber of Shipping chief executive @guyplatten  
#FBPEThe Brexit equation is, and always was, very simple:  
SATURDAY 24 MARCH 2018: "After Brexit - The Prospects For A United Ireland"12noon–4pm, Congress Centre, Great Russell St, London, WC1B 3LWSpeakers include: • @GerryAdamsSF TD • @MaryLouMcDonald TD • @MONeillSF MLA • Further speakers tbc •  
I really am stunned. I cannot believe that having laws which allows this country to prosecute anyone for anything they might say,  they have to take matters beyond the obscene and prevent free speech at hyde corner. People. Its all over. Forget brexit, its just another con. 
A huge cache of leaked WhatsApp messages show how Tory Brexiteers have repeatedly pressured the news outlets to shape coverage of Brexit – and joked about cutting off a BuzzFeed News reporter’s testicles 
Those claiming Brexit could lead to a return to the Troubles in Northern Ireland are "almost encouraging violence", Jacob Rees-Mogg has said.  
So Britain after Brexit will become the first country in history not to bother checking what comes into its country. Right now we do it in partnership with neighbours. Soon no partnership, no checks, no security #lunacy  
More fake Brexit news as @MetroUK tries to link Brexit to rising costs, despite @jdwtweet making it clear the rising costs are because of utilities, staff salaries, and the sugar tax....  
Your daily reminder that the biggest supporters of Brexit are:Theresa MayJeremy CorbynNigel FarageDonald TrumpVladimir Putin Jacob Rees-MoggKate HoeyDavid DavisBoris Johnson... and many other assorted idiots and puppet-masters from the extreme right and left#FBPE 
Doing Brexit, Crashing the Economy, So We Can Throw Open Our Borders #FFS 
deep breath..sign & share and we are there brilliant work : Petition: End the export of live farm animals after Brexit.  
BANNON ON BREXIT: It Was Breitbart London Wot Won It  
All I’m saying is, if we stop Brexit and unite against Russia, we’ll definitely win Eurovision. 
Remember folks, Brexit turning out to be utter s***t is the clear fault of those who opposed it. Those who proposed it, campaigned for it, planned for it- they are never at fault.  
Hmm ... That feeling you get when you're inclined to remind someone that both Corbyn AND the Russians support Brexit.#FBPE 
#EUsuperheroes nomination 25 is @ThatTimWalker "A consistent and persistent agitator to stop Brexit. He had brought Mandrake to @TheNewEuropean. Tim Walker doesn’t suffer fools and consistently questions #Brexit insanity." Nominate your hero:  
It’s a #Brexit myth that #Britain has open borders to all citizens from the rest of the #EU, or that ‘free movement of people’ is entirely free. Read and RT @Jon_Danzig’s report. Link:  #StopBrexit 
If #brexit is so good, why are we on our arse while the French, Germans, Dutch, Poles and Scandanavians are booming? 
Correct me if I'm wrong, but aren't there more than two sets political opinion in the UK? So why doesn't the UK parliament reflect that? No wonder people wanted more control... But it seems Brexit only makes it worse... 
PM told hard Irish border can only be avoided if UK stays aligned with EU rules, i.e. UK must remain in CU & SM with an open border with the EU in Ireland and Calais too. FOM will already continue during transition.So #Brexit is toast. Stop it and save billions. 
I remember it well. It was on this issue that I abandoned my dream of becoming a @UKLabour MP as I resigned as Branch Sec. and joined the #StopTheWar contingent of the party. I have the same strength of feeling now about #StopBrexit - Brexit is wrong & will be proven to be so.  
Government Brexit plans ‘unrealistic’, says everyone else.  
FOLKS! The furore over #Russia should give you a clear indication that there is no way Tories would vote with @jeremycorbyn even if he did come out & say Brexit should be stopped. They’d rather him damaged & the Tories in power. Attacking him is pointless & solves nothing. 
So...some of the same people who have spent the last year (falsely) accusing Corbyn of not opposing batshit-crazy Theresa May's disastrous Brexit strategy are now accusing Corbyn of not obediently falling in line with batshit-crazy Theresa May's dangerous Russian strategy... 
Calling someone ‘extreme Brexit’ for wanting to leave the EU’s authority is like calling someone an ‘extreme Christian’ because they go to a church. 
WATCH | @JohnRedwood blasts @Anna_Soubry's reliance on debunked forecasts to talk down Brexit."Treasury modelling got entirely the wrong answer for months after the referendum. Their short term forecasting was massively wrong, forecasting a recession. It is complete nonsense!"  
Another @GOVUK Minister denying reality and citing the US/Canada border which, despite what he says, does not just wave every lorry through ...Brexit: Lorry checks at Dover 'unrealistic' says Grayling - BBC News  
The Brexit you thought you were going to get vs. the Brexit you got  
Deal with America on post-Brexit flights could be struck as early as this month, as US aviation industry boss rubbishes claims the US has been trying to make it difficult for the UK  
Bolster the Royal Navy to protect British waters from ‘armada’ of European trawlers after Brexit, urge MPs  
Chris Leslie - The red lines chosen by the PM were hers... they were not on the ballot paper during the referendum... Hannan & others said no one was questioning the SM during the referendum. There is a majority in parliament for a CU & he believes for the SM as well.#FBPE pic.twitter.com/P4E6I5HbMP 
Four years ago today, Russian authorities held a sham “referendum” in Ukraine's Crimea region. We will never accept the illegal annexation. Canada’s Conservatives will always stand with Ukrainians in their fight for sovereignty and territorial integrity.  
#PutinPunishesUK rigs the Brexit election and funds the Tory party... oh, sorry was this meant to be a satirical hashtag? 
#Russia's #Skripal conspiracy theory No. 12:Russia’s Ambo to the UK Alexander Yakovenko:“In order to divert attention from Brexit, the UK has to present something to the public to move [the focus] a little bit to the other side... This is a scenario that was written in London."  
NI Sec of State Karen Bradley tells a #stpatricksday breakfast in #DC that British people voted to leave the EU,they did not vote to leave Europe and the UK is a committed European country.She stressed there will be no border on the island of Ireland or in the Irish Sea. #Brexit  
'Absolute NONSENSE!' Redwood demolishes Anna Soubry's anti-Brexit speech in Commons clash  
I see Una Mullally is out comparing #repealthe8th to #marref again. In the marriage ref many of us were persuaded to grant a right to love who you want. This referendum is about a right to end a life if you want to. The comparison does Una no credit. And voters don't buy it. 
If there is anything at all that is clear in this Brexit mess it is that this govt absolutely means to treat us in exactly they way they are. Hostile environment and cutting migration numbers have been an obsession for years. They *chose* to throw us under the bus. Repeatedly.  
As if we get the Brexit game... I wanted to see an away day in sunny Spain where Bobby scores 6 past Barcelona and we see the camera cut to Coutinho crying in the stands 
This tells you everything you need to know about Brexit.Claim: We need to leave the EU so we can take back control of our borders.Reality: We don't have the technology or manpower to control our borders, so we'll have to leave them open once we've left the EU.#FBPE 
The Truth, the Whole Truth & nothing but the Truth about #Brexit..you'd think the Ppl deserved it from those in power on the most existential issue of a generation..but no..we get secrecy & avoidance of scrutiny. #StopBrexit via @CrowdJustice 
Calling UK Citizens in Brussels, Belgium, and the EU27. Please come along to @FinalSayForAll‘s event on Thursday 22nd March to find out about  , and tell your stories of how Brexit will affect you personally.#BrexitIsPersonal 
#EponBrexit event:The #brexit threat to our #fishing processing industry 
Brussels is slammed by its own watchdog as ex-EU president walks into a top job at Goldman Sachs and 'uses his contacts to lobby commissioners'  #Brexit 
ACTION TO HELP STOP BREXIT: PLEASE RETWEETWrite to your MP asking him or her to attend the debate on petition to include Remain option in final Parliamentary vote on deal with EU. Details attached. 
Bombshell tapes passed to The Sun reveal senior civil servants secretly pledging to continue spending taxpayers’ cash propping up Brussels defence and foreign projects — including the controversial “EU Army”. No attempt is being made to hide the brexit betrayal now. 
Just had to confront a racist for telling a shop clerk to go back to her own country.This sort of behaviour has increased massively since Brexit and I will not stand by and say nothing.I'm not having it!#StopHate #StopBrexitSaveBritain #FBPE #StopBrexit #StopFundingHate 
Today marks four years since #Russia’s illegal referendum in #Crimea. The UK does not recognise its result. Here’s why it didn’t meet international standards. #CrimeaIsUkraine 
Putin subverted UK democracy so as to procure his anti-EU and anti-UK "brexit". May has been briefed about this and is covering up, possibly because of Russian money to the Tories.  Surely in the National Interest, she must now be required to state all she knows 
“We must combat Putin’s agenda!” say Brexiters as they promote Putin’s Brexit agenda. 
Brexit is getting more lunatic by the day. The No-Deal ERG headbangers' ploy of not introducing border checks (take back control?!) would land the EU with a rogue state on its border. They won't allow that. People in Dover don't want Stacks. So please can we just #StopBrexit ? 
Brexit isn't a new battle. It's been going on for decades. The far left and far right have always been against the EU. Many of the players today have been heavily influenced by the players of the past. Faces have changed, but the arguments have not.#FBPE 
I’ll tell you two things Putin really would worry about. 1. Some of his rich cronies expelled from UK with assets held here. 2. Brexit not happening. 
Gibraltar rages at 'ILLEGAL' Brexit veto and threatens to REVOKE EU nationals' rights  
Glaxo thinks Brexit will cost it up to £70 million over the next 2 or 3 years  
The former president of the EU's European Investment Fund explains why it is critical that the EU includes the City in a Brexit deal and warns that "the idea that Europe will win by keeping the City of London at arm’s length is naïve at best"   
The economy has outperformed the gloomy forecasts made just after the referendum. But it is by no means a star  
In this one way, Brexit is a good thing.  Whether UK remains in or leaves, we are now more aware of what EU membership actually means.Appreciate of course, this lesson comes at a price, a dreadful price for many; but still a lesson all the same.  
Govt’s supposed solution to border chaos is to say “we won’t enforce checks after Brexit”.They hope the EU won’t either (they will).Leave-voting chair of cttee speaks for many: “I voted Leave, but I didn’t vote for what it appears we are going to get now though”.  
Leaving aside the civil service/Brexit aspect of this, it is particularly concerning that there has been a major U-turn on longstanding British policy towards EU defence integration since the referendum with no serious debate or scrutiny in the UK first  
I've been living in England for 14 years now. It's like brexit made xenophobia and racism acceptable. It breaks my heart, people turning into what their ancestors fought in WW2. Maybe they are just a minority, but they are the loudest! 
Pakistan before Nawaz Sharif disqualification was ranked 80th on Happy IndexPakistan after Nawaz Sharif disqualification jumps up 5 places to 75th.Thats what you call a referendum.  
Theresa May's Brexit plans suffer major blow with release of report by MPs  
Thoughtful and practical report that highlights the huge disruption to existing business of #Brexit - an issue the #Brexiteers never considered....FDF public site: Exiting the EU > Rules of origin  
 I hate stories like this, just confirms the adage that so often those who are most proud to be British are those Britain is least proud of... #brexit 
Business leaders need to challenge British government over Brexit 
Excellent answer from @LORDMARKPRICE on @BBCr4today earlier.Q: You say you would vote Remain again so will you try and stop #Brexit?A: I spent 30 years in the democratic John Lewis Partnership. If there is a vote you abide by the decision and make a success of it. 
Betrayed  by our goverment all us brexit voters have been stabbed in the back.may has to go. She can't negotiate anything in our favour  
If the UK were deliberately seeking to self-sabotage Brexit, their conduct to date would be indistinguishable from what they have done so far.  
Cambridge Analytica proposed soliciting wealthy foreign donors on behalf of a pro-#Brexit group in violation of UK campaign finance laws.Hmm. What other group did I recently hear worked with CA? Oh yeah- the Trump campaign.#TrumpRussia 
.@ChukaUmunna – Throwing open the borders would be biggest breach of Brexit promises yet  
That’s Brexit reality for you.You want to have a nice trip to Barcelona or Munich but have to settle for a bus to Manchester. 
"The impending teacher strike in Oklahoma is a crucible of the future of public schools in America. More than a movement to raise salaries, the teacher strike is a referendum on respect for a beleaguered profession."  
For a family of four this registration process could cost £290. The European Parliament and I think it should be free. RT if you agree!  #Brexit 
Anna Soubry - There are members who don't know what the CU is or understand what the SM is. When history records what has happened before/after the referendum it will not report it glowingly... we will all be painted very badly.. apart from those who stood up & spoke out.#FBPE pic.twitter.com/3g9mbaVH2z 
Government schizophrenia on full display, which should terrify everyone:No unchecked Russian flights in after chemical weapon attack, but no customs checks at border if we leave EU on no deal, WTO basis.This insanity is but one reason it’s either war or Brexit but not both. 
#russianspy Now @Keir_Starmer Labour's Brexit spokesman has abandoned @jeremycorbyn over his position on the Kremlin. the thin veneer of Labour unity since general election has been shattered 
7. Border professionals basically not optimistic, eg JCCC Brexit committee chair MacSwiney (who refused to sign NDA) and is worried about a “disaster”.. though a Leave voter in referendum. “I did, but I didn’t vote for what it appears we are going to get now though”. 
Sterling's surge is being fuelled by (Scotland’s apparently worthless) oil, not a Brexit bounce. Fixed that...  
gonna be wild telling my grandkids that before brexit bands from this country played in europe all the time 
#brexit has always been about the same thing.Tax AvoidanceThat's why, despite all the Leave promises and claims now being seen to be false, from trade to borders to control... the monster continues to drag us to the cliff edge. #stopbrexit 
6. FTA’s Snelling tells me that operators are already operating dual pricing pre and post Brexit Day: “they’re having to set two different prices: one for now while we are still in the EU and then a higher price once you are out of the EU because of uncertainty” 
Birthday wishlist:• Scottish independence (Might as well ask for the big one first!)• A referendum (to lead to the above!)• Scottish citizenship (so tired of being in limbo!)They say you won't get if you don't ask. So: I asked. And I'll even share with all of you!  
Interesting information I have just been told aboutCompanies leaving the UK may be not be doing it directly because of brexitBut moving to the EU where they'll be better protected from foreign hostile takeoversA post-brexit UK would have little protection for them#FBPE 
Useful Bannon admission though: ‘Brexit would not have happened if Breitbart London had not started,’ he claims, referring to the UK edition of his website which was launched in 2014. ‘We were the platform for Ukip ideas, particularly immigration."  
Ministers urgently need to purge the civil service of hardline Remainers trying to sabotage Brexit. These are often the same people imposing poisonous Cultural Marxism on our institutions. 
.@vincecable explains, as a guest on today's anniversary episode of Chopper's Brexit Podcast, why the public deserve a vote on the Brexit deal  
The three worst foreign policy disasters of the twenty first century in UK were all carried out with1. The opposition agreeing with the government 2. MSM cheering onIraq, Libya and the vote on the terms of the Brexit referendum Corbyn is doing the right thing. 
Do France & Germany understand the defence value Britain brings to the European table? With Russia playing up they should value Britain more and back off the Brexit bullying & punishment. They may need us to bail them out again. Play nice with UK! 
Govt needs to drop its fairy tale approach to the Irish border and get real. Delays to trade talks now would mean lost business confidence, lost prosperity & lost jobs.Better still, admit Brexit is a damaging folly based on a false prospectus & stop it. 
This Brexit, done the way May and Davis have tried to, has a little tumor in it. Its unconstitutional. Keep saying it, and every time you do one of the Brexity fairies vaporises..   
University of Illinois Students Reject Anti-Israel Divestment Referendum for Second Year in a Row  
Says a foreign ex military sort.  We must lead from within the EU. Brexit is a retreat from real threats. It weakens us and our allies in the union of world-leading western democracies.  
Jacob Rees-Mogg blasts Remainers using Northern Ireland and the Good Friday Agreement to score political points over Brexit. Suggesting there may be violence again on the island or Ireland over Brexit is a disgraceful tactic which deserves to be called out!  
Japanese warning - continue as we are after #Brexit.Does raise the question whether the damage to UK economically is worth it.Constitutionally it has demonstrated the excess of power in the Executive & the inadequacy of Parliament.  A new form of democracy is required. 
It is vital our fishing waters are protected after Brexit! 
SORE LOSERS: The Bermuda based, non-dom owned, Brexit distorting Daily Mail, whose circulation is supported by aeroplane give-aways (often to customers who can’t speak English), congratulates the Financial Times on winning an award they themselves picked up last year.  
Exclusive: Secret Brexit agreements cover No Deal “open border” plan to not enforce customs checks at UK border 
Brexit will allow the  UK to dispense with the EU's crazy 64.9% import tariffs on solar panels, cutting the cost of switching to solar, as pointed out by @SimonClarkeMP for @BrexitCentral 
Part 2 of our #brexitforensics special on the Brexit Border coming up at 10am on @skynews All Out Politics - featuring Channel Tunnel, freight, and some of the scenarios being discussed under the NDAs we revealed yesterday... & me live from Peterhead: Tune in. 
Sky News understands non-disclosure agreements the Government is asking businesses in the UK to sign include a plan not to enforce a customs border if no deal is reached on Brexit 
On way to Leeds, a city close to my heart, to join @gregwrightYP & @WardHadaway to celebrate Yorkshire’s #fastest50 businesses ... and, of course, to discuss Brexit!  
Putin wants BrexitRussian fake profiles all over Facebook and Twitter, attacking EU, pretending to be British BrexitersIf you support Brexit, you’re on Putin’s sideBiggest blow to Putin’s plan for the West would be to stop BrexitTime to stop any kind of Brexit 
Post #Brexit we will have to agree to rules and pay a subscription if we choose to join agencies like Euratom just as we do with NATO.But Parliament and our Courts will be sovereignWe will control immigration policyWe will be able to enter into free trade agreements   
I have no doubt that if the UK had PR there would be a new anti-Brexit party by now that brought together Tory and Labour MPs opposed to Brexit. They won’t dare it under FPTP.  
Finnish observer and human rights activist Johan BÄCKMAN in #Crimea: Referendum of 2014 is the greatest event for the whole world, the most resonant political event of the century.#Referendum #Russia #Delegation #Finland #Crimea 
Being PM is about choosing either to disrespect a slim majority of an advisory referendum or to have a massive hit to the economy, jobs, incomes, security and peace. Your call. 
'Bombshell' secret tapes reveal civil servants plotting to hide post-Brexit ties to Brussels | Davis 'confident' on transition deal being struck next week | US deal on flights 'possible by end of month' | Gibraltar issues warning to EU over Spanish veto  
The fundemental conundrum at the heart of Brexit is that you can't 'take back control' of the UK's borders without imposing border controls in Ireland. It's 2 years since the Brexit campaign began, and many MPs seem only just to be realising that. 
1. Lord Price Trde Mnster on @BBCr4today asked if he'd still vote #Remain in a Ref: Yes we face more imp global challenges & #Brexit's a distraction. But the Ppl voted 4 it & we have to do it.ME: 26.5% of the Ppl gave a non-binding opinion. If it's wrong give us a #FinalSay. 
People think I’m criticising Corbyn for his stance on Salisbury. I’m not, though I think it’s politically ill-judged. I’m criticising him for failing to show the same moral courage in attacking the Brexit right wing coup. 
It was a pleasure meeting up with my dear brother @arrahman for our latest @reflectionspodcast. We discuss everything from spirituality, the Oscars to Brexit! You can listen to the episode tomorrow:  With love. _sy. #reflectionspodcast #arrahman 
"Negotiating": the special Brexit definition.  
I never heard a single one of my friends and family who voted Leave ever, in my memory, speak against the EU before the Brexit vote. Not one, not once. Or, for that matter, speak about control or sovereignty. I truly believe they’ve been brainwashed. 
‘Land of Hope & Glory’ popped up on a playlist this morning. Brexit putting an end to both. IF it happens... 
“Brexit is the fault of Remain voters” is the kind of scorching take you’d expect from the thickest man in Britain.  
Jacob Rees-Mogg has accused those who warn of a possible post-Brexit return to Troubles in Northern Ireland of 'encouraing the violence'.  He says they are 'politically unappealing and cynical' - unlike himself, who is nothing of the sort... #BrexitShambles #StopBrexit #r4today 
"Cabinet ministers have warned Tory MPs not to expect a bonanza for public services in next year’s spending review."Because that bonanza is being spent on Brexit... as our NHS starves. 
It doesn't take an attack with a chemical weapon for me to say stop Brexit. Having politicians who tell other nations to go away and shut up is enough to tell me we cannot make it on our own. 
This is what happens when you have a Government and an agenda, dominated by an irrational #Brexit ideology.I suspect May's government will go down in UK political history as the least competent ever.  
Always worth reminding ourselves that:168 Countries85% of World Trade7,000,000,000 people (92% of the world)have nothing to do with the EUIts a Big Wide Growing Dynamic World Lets be out there making our mark..not cowering inside 'Europe'!Viva Brexit! 
REVEALED: Civil servants plan UK to FUND EU army post Brexit in secret plot caught on tape  
One of the great Brexit paradoxes: while the “Leave” vote was in part a strike back at EU bureaucracy, exit will mean a whole lot more of it!  
Dear Twitter, I’m going silent for a few days to finish Anti-Brexit book with Will Hutton. Proposes a Great Charter, 800 yrs post Magna Carta, for a Federal Constitution of the UK, a Statute of Local Self-Gov’t & a Federal Senate replacing the Lords, to meet in North of England 
Some odds & sods from the @CommonsNIAC Brexit report: A unilateral open border is likely to cause bother with the WTO  
Rules of origin: the biggest #Brexit problem you didn’t know about"Rules of origin are going to be one post-Brexit additional cost to business that no amount of innovative thinking or new & unusual technology can stave off,” Sam Lowe#StopBrexit #FBPE  
Very useful thread which shows clearly how Brexiteers have changed their position on single market by 180 degrees.As cost of leaving the EU become clear we have the right to change our minds and we need a #FinalSayForAll referendum to express this#StopBrexit 
Brexiters I talk to often cite the 'both sides lied in the referendum' argument.Even if I believed that, I'd still feel more comfortable being on the side of those who are useless at telling lies than than to those to whom it is second nature.#StopBrexit 
Interview on BBC radio 4 by Tory Brexiteer & Chair of Westminster NI Affairs Cttee should be mandatory listening for DUP Brexit-No-Matter-How-Many-Jobs-It-Costs Brigade. He admits there is no technological solution to border issue and says alignment with EU must continue.  
SHOCKING NEWS: EU still can't pay for its own defence and needs UK. Read #Brexit analysis of new NATO report:  
Given the @CommonsNIAC report it is clear there is no alternative to staying in the Customs Union and Single Market when it comes to avoiding a hard border in Ireland if Brexit happens. There can be no other conclusion. 
If true, with Brexit (and memories of Iraq), surely this would kill off any integrity the Govt has internationally having come to such a certain judgment of Russian state guilt so early. 
1) threadThe single biggest con trick ever pulled on the British people, carried out in plain sight.Brexiters said we would either be in the Single Market, or in something even betterWe would get a pain, cost, consequence free #Brexit@afneil @BBCNewsnight @bbclaurak 
My #tftd:This magnificent thread from @EmporersNewC explodes the myth peddled by @afneil, @daily_politics & Brexitremists everywhere that voters "knew Brexit would mean leaving the Single Market & Customs Union".#StopBrexit #FinalSay@LBC #Newsnight #r4today #bbcdp #bbcaq 
Let me get this straight.The British tax payer gives money to the EU.THE EU give it to British charities who keep 50% for massive salaries, expenses & pensions.Let's hope Brexit puts a stop to this nonsense.  
Hopes of #Brexit transition deal face Irish barrier  
It wouldnt surprise me if the answer to the question below was 'we want an incompetent Foreign Secretary, an idiot in the defence ministry and Brexit. In return we will fund your party and destroy your opposition'.  
This should be TV journalist gold.There should be interview after interview where @afneil and co show past clips to brexiters and then ask "but you said this about #Brexit only 18 months ago, now you've changed position completely"Why don't they?  
Brexit really is the dirtiest thing this nation has tried to achieve and yet Brexiters still expect us to 'respect' the vote.#StopBrexit 
If you’re an EU citizen living in the UK, here’s how you can stay informed about your rights:  #citizensrights #brexit  
Looking forward to catching up with #bbcqt later. Sounds like @MaireadMcGMEP stormed it.Perhaps the producers would now consider the radical step of inviting a British MEP who isn’t a Brexiteer onto the show? We might just know a thing or two about Brexit 
.Simple Solution To A Complex Problem.....Stop Brexit.. 
The terrorist attack in Salisbury was timed to coincide with the arrival of Russian LNG in the UK. Have no doubt that this is a threat/test/message from Mr Putin to a state he has weakened with Brexit. 
The worst option is Brexit, it was always the worst option.Trying to fight for the U.K. to remain is the best of all worlds. The fault lies with those who persuaded voters that Remain was all project fear not project fact.  
Many Brexit voters were sick of being ignored. They felt that the UK's two-party politics didn't reflect their views. The EU parliament has a broad range of political parties with decent shares of the vote. So ask yourself...  
White people, the majority of whom voted for Apartheid for 50 years, must be ashamed of voting in a referendum that would determine the future of black people in which black people weren’t allowed to vote for their own destiny. Absolutely nothing to be proud of. 
Calls for Bristol City Council to lobby government for a second EU referendum  
Here is a comparison between my legit referendum in Crimea and the absolutely fake one in Scotland.  
OTD in 2014 residents of Crimea who didn't want to be arrested voted in a legit referendum to join Russia.  
Today we celebrate the 4th Anniversary of the 2014 referendum in #Crimea: 96,77% votes were cast in favour of reunification with #Russia. This historic choice of the people of #Crimea must be respected & celebrated as a triumph of true democratic processes #CrimeaIsRussia 
Ukipper Cathy gets her news  YouTube and 60 years of common sense and talking to people.... Cathy believes the Skripal poisoning is a conspiracy to derail Brexit.  
A "truth-based referendum" is a very good way to put it. We can't run democracy on lies by cheats. Julia Hartly-Brewer squarely aligns herself with lying and cheating.  
Tories have asked businesses to sign dozens of non-disclosure agreements over the impact of its Brexit plans on UK borders. The move is "extremely unusual" and "a sign of Government paranoia". The Government should be transparent - tell us what they fear! #BrexitShambles #r4today 
People warning of Brexit risk to Northern Ireland peace process 'almost encouraging violence', says Jacob Rees-Mogg My hatred for this man knows no bounds 
BBC News - Chris Grayling: No post-Brexit lorry checks at Dover Grayling: "We don't check lorries now, we're not going to be checking lorries in the future." Mairead McGuiness, vice president of the European Parl't, asked him: "So you're not leaving?"" 
Russia sees UK as weak because of Brexit, says Lithuanian ministerHe joins the call for a strong response to #SalisburyChemicalAttack making it more difficult for Putin cronies and their families to travel freely to Britain 
The government of Gibraltar has warned that it could rescind the rights & protections enjoyed by Spanish & other EU nationals living & working in the territory if Madrid uses its veto to exclude the Rock from any Brexit deal between the EU & the UK. 
The multi-ethnic People of #Crimea overwhelmingly voted «Yes» on historic referendum to come back to #Russia on March 16, 2014.#Referendum #Home #History #Victory 
About 20 banks are expanding their presence in Frankfurt before Brexit, lobby group says  
Yes and look how empty and disinterested the Commons is.  Like the rest of us, they’re bored of hearing clapped out lefties like Lucas droning on about Brexit as though the referendum never happened.  
Gibraltar warns it could rescind citizens rights if Spain uses veto on Brexit deal  
If Osborne can be believed, given Brexit has turned him into a bitter troll, this means Theresa May inherited a total nightmare & her steering us so far towards #Brexit has been all the more a feat.Meanwhile she's kept economy on track too.  
In a post-Brexit cultural crisis, Britain is using cinema to glorify its past, even when that means glorifying a racist, evil man who let millions of Indians die.  
BBC Question Time audience member DESTROYS luvvie Remoaner Brian Cox over Brexit  
Irish border with no checkpoints post-Brexit not possible say MPs  
Wrong again, we want to #remain, you never could deliver Brexit because it was all based on lies.Unlucky#FBPE 
Bannon. Bots. Putin. These three things keep coming together in every analysis of #Trump or #Brexit since 2013.  
Read this and weep tax dodgers! Big round of applause to the EU  @RandolphTrent @mellysbelly007 #Brexit #TaxAvoidance 
Those not living on Planet Hannan will recall that any suggestion of staying in the single market etc is immediately met with cries of "People voted against that! That's not really Brexit!" from his chums.  
Here's the S*n ranting about treacherous civil servants disclosing a secret government policy to contribute to EU defence after BrexitThis policy is so secret, it was in the Prime Minister's Munich speech!  
Hmm, let me think. Why would a self-employed UK citizen, living in the EU, whose mother, sisters, brother, nieces, nephews and many friends live in the UK, who is from and loves NE England, where many of them live, be worried by Brexit? Nope, I’m stumped.  
#bbcqt I was in the audience in Dover, Mairead McGuiness was easily the best. Solid points the EU is not trying to punish anyone but the UK Govt position just doesn't work. Brexit is a failed idea time to stop it. 
Spot on from @MaireadMcGMEP - this ignorant & false view that Brussels is imposing a hard border is pure nonsense spouted by those who clearly don’t understand #Brexit #bbcqt 
Brian Cox endearing himself to Brexit voters and the English An angry xenophobic Nat that lives in America 
So, no #brexit after all? 
#bbcqt finally inviting quality experienced and informed MEPs like @MaireadMcGMEP on programme. Public discourse on EU would have been very different if this had happened in the years prior the 2016 referendum.  
Also, has anyone noticed the curiosity of basing an entire referendum on ‘taking back control of borders’ and then basing your entire post-referendum policy on not applying controls at literally any of them? We’ve always been eccentric, but we used to at least be serious #bbcqt 
Most of Dover voted Leave, now they are worried about queues of lorries. It's good that people are starting to think of the realities of Brexit. #bbcqt 
On Question Time tonight BBC has recruited a Southern Ireland EU lover to try to re create Project Fear. Remenmber we took no notice of Obama Pre Brexit So BBC your latest effort has totally failed 
Chris Grayling on #BBCQT - "After Brexit we will not check ANY lorries going through the port of Dover. Its NOT possible to do it & we WONT do it."That seems quite extraordinary to me...Im sure the people traffickers & drug smugglers will be delighted though...#StopBrexit. 
#bbcqt If Remain won, would the BBC be so keen to keep reliving the referendum campaign ? They would want everyone to move on ASAP from the topic, just like the rest of the MSM. 
#bbqt the Irish MEP is on fire tonight. Very impressive. Saying it like it it is, and standing up to people when they talk rubbish on Brexit 
#bbcqt  How do you turn the port of  #Dover into a #Customs border (as the government wants) after #brexit and not have customs checks? 
"We aren't going to be checking lorries in the future after Brexit" says Chris Grayling. Let's remember he said this.  #bbcqt 
It shouldn’t be a shock that people want to get away from the political establishment that got us into this Brexit mess.  
Brian Cox on Brexit: “I think it is a disaster. If ever there was a time for a united Europe it is now.”Absolutely spot on.#bbcqt 
Shock horror! Leftist luvvy SNP supporter Brian Cox thinks leaving the EU is a disaster. “Brexit is a much sexier word than Remain. That’s what I think got people going.”Thanks for your input, Brian. 
Audience member suggests that Chemical weapons attack on British soil is a "smokescreen" to stop #Brexit - I'm done #bbcqt 
.@Keir_Starmer - Brexit negotiations going, "slowly and badly". Absolutely right. Now, let's have the courage of our convictions and see the Labour Party change course. #BBCQT 
.@MaireadMcGMEP hits back at @afshinrattansi over his suggestion that the EU is threatening peace in Ireland over Brexit #bbcqt 
Have voters changed their minds about Brexit? #bbcqt  
#bbcqt Talking of #Russian money , was that where the DUP's secret £425,000 #Brexit cash came from? Shouldn’t #TheresaMay stop helping them keep the truth secret? 
Yeah its a new cold war .. and its part of the globalist reaction to Italy and Brexit.. you make me sick .. Next they will say we can't leave the EU because of Security concerns.. just wait and see..#BBCQT #Bluehand 
Russia, Russia, Russia, it all feels like a distraction to me from the Brexit disaster & incompetent, debt ridden, collapsing economy the Tories have inflicted on the UK on the back of an advisory referendum. Irresponsible. #bbcqt 
Corbyn and far left, Farage and far right, Trump and the alt right are all pro Brexit, anti NATO and pro Putin. All with an added dash of antisemitism. Lovely people. Threes sides to the same nasty coin. #BBCQT 
I stopped watching Question Time on BBC months ago due to it's shameless anti Brexit bias - But I notice that tonight the panel is yet again, heavily loaded with remainers despite being in a constituency that voted overwhelmingly to leave the EU. It's beyond ridiculous.   #bbcqt 
Civil Servants briefed secret meeting of EU diplomats last week that under Brexit “KitKat” cover UK will be paying in and tied closely for decades. Prepare for restart of bitter Whitehall wars...  
Self serving shameless lying scum Boris Johnson's Brexit lies just to further his career will result in hugely diminished tax revenues taking money away from the NHS & will kill many more people in the UK than Russia ever will. #BBCQT 
To coincide with Keir Starmer on #BBCQT tonight, a poll for all who care about Labour and #Brexit. Scenario: May's deal falls in parliament in October, November General Election. Labour's manifesto should pledge to... 
Telegraph Brexit story manages to find a silly jingoistic word it hadn't used yet  
The Daily Mail says @jeremycorbyn is a “Russian stooge”. They conveniently forget it’s the @CONservatives who have received over £800,000 in donations from the Russians since the EU referendum. The establishment are losing & they fear @jeremycorbyn. #ChangeIsComing #BBCQT 
#BrexitCondundrum 2314 in a continuing series: if it is so “obvious” that the referendum vote was for a Hard Brexit, why did the leavers look at their shoes and mumble when asked what the plan was the day after vote? 
Did I really just hear a @BBCNews corespondent say ‘Britain has been disappointed in its traditional allies... including Ireland’ on #Brexit?Unreal. 
Bercow’s ‘bollocks to Brexit’ sticker disgraces his office  
RT if you're not reassured with this buffoon as our Diplomat in Chief.  @RandolphTrent @mellysbelly007 #ToryClusterfuck #Russia #NerveAgent #Novichock #Brexit #BrexitShambles pic.twitter.com/rZ6nlfOlGr 
The UK will have to “concede everything” to get a trade deal with Donald Trump’s America, US policy experts have warned MPs.So much for Britain gaining great trade deals and sovereignty through #Brexit#LeaveLies#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Love the response to Adonis’s attempt at a brexit “joke”. What a tool.  
How, in all seriousness, can #rtept conclude tonight that the pro-repeal side will have "less ready cash" for the referendum when the groups in question refused to divulge their spending plans to the programme? #transparency #fairness 
Brexit: Government 'paranoia' over secret business agreements.The public have a right to know the real impact of Brexit.Stop the secrecy. #StopBrexit. 
I was there when he said it.  None of the Brexit mob who allegedly believe in the sovereignty of Parliament challenged him, but many others did including people on his own benches. A shameful development in British politics.  
Danish PM @larsloekke talks to me about #Brexit negotiations: “Even though I love Britain, I have to protect Danish business the way Theresa May has to protect the UK business community”  
Chaired our residents association AGM tonight, every single household without exception thinks Brexit is just stupid & want it stopped, even those who voted against independence  (3 out of 12) now consider it an escape route. It’s nice to know common sense is alive and well. 
Job moves of highly paid workers from the UK to the EU after Brexit would be a disaster for the public finances, according to the respected Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS) #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit 
#Russia used as a pretext for internet #censorship & blamed for every election #Globalists have lost from #BREXIT to #Trump & latest Italian election.  Now #NerveAgent attack on #RussianSpy connected w #christophersteeleIs it a #FalseFlag?WATCH: pic.twitter.com/9LfhBv7za6 
The UK's Brexit bill would quickly pay for itself via a trade deal, say Bloomberg economists  
Delete your tweet. Why lie?Unilever’s chief executive Paul Polman said: “This is not about Brexit”. “The opposite is true. We would not be investing in our two headquarters here for the two divisions in the UK. We would not have secured the £1bn spending if that were the case.  
Extraordinary THREAD. Blows the “everyone knew what they were voting for” nonsense to smithereens with regard to leaving the Single Market. Exceptional use of video evidence. Please, read and share as widely as possible. #Brexit  
Russia sees UK as weak because of Brexit, says Lithuanian minister.In the EU, we’re stronger. We should #StopBrexit and #Remain in the EU. 
The Sun & Daily Mail are no longer UK’s biggest papers after their sales figures plummet  / #Brexit #StopBrexit 
Great to be on @BBCLondonNews this evening talking about the damaging impact of Brexit on the museums sector and its employees. Full interview on iplayer here: #museums #FedBrexit @MuseumsAssoc @Creative_Fed 
Well, that’s how a healthy transparent democracy should behave, hey?... UK Govt signing dozens of secret business contracts with non-disclosure clauses to hide processes & impacts of Brexit.  
Unless you think that Thatcher talked Argentina into invading the Falklands and Iraq into invading Kuwait, and that Cameron masterminded the Arab Spring but couldn't handle a simple referendum, then this makes no sense.And if you do think that, you're an idiot.  
I honestly believe, if this was shared enough, and enough people knew about this, it would destroy the whole Brexit argument.  
1. We have to stop indulging political tribalism. You can be right wing and oppose tories. You can be pro-Brexit yet anti-Brexit dogma. You can agree with Corbyn and still hate his politics. Stop being spooked by people who label you as other for the crime of wrong-think. 
I suppose we ought to thank Brexit really.For years we bathed in self-congratulation that Great Britain was united in rejecting the hate of Nazi Germany and the tyranny of Soviet Russia.Now we know the truth.Britain's just as corruptible and intolerant as the worst of them. 
44. That future is yet unknown, and it is vitally important that those who do represent us today respect the things they said in the referendum. 
30. Therefore, to ensure the government is not required to deliver the impossible, it must both make the decision and be held accountable for it. Only the government can decide on how we implement a referendum if the country is to retain democratic integrity. 
Was Russian Spy Poisoned To Avert Brexit?  
PM told business leaders at Number 10 today that her Mansion House Brexit speech was “driven by principled practicality rather than ideology”... doesn’t sound like the language of red lines...  
26. There is one very good reason for this: Democracy! In normal elections, the people decide from a range of options, but in a referendum they can only vote for the designated campaign.  
25. Indeed, both the Treasury documents lay out the EEA model, and the official leaflet indicated a vote to leave could lead to Freedom of Movement. Those being the last official statements before the country entered Purdah on May 27, as per the Referendum Act 2015.  
21. Although it doesn’t matter what George Osborne, or anyone else said, and to understand why that is, we need to look at Section 7 of the Referendum Act 2015 which explicitly required certain documents to be published to provide information to accompany the act.  
Labour under Corbyn have won the political arguments. Labour under Corbyn have a superior Brexit strategy. Labour under Corbyn have been ahead in the polls. The creation of an ethical foreign policy based on international law is the final hurdle. Labour must back Corbyn on this. 
Are you under 27 years old? If you are then be sure to vote for a Brexit party such as Labour to lose your rights to the freedom of movement to live and work anywhere in the EU.We really don't care about you but we sure do want your votes.  
The people of Crimea and Sevastopol held a legitimate referendum and voted to come back home to #Russia. #CrimeaisRussiaThe Embassy of Russia in Canada! Helping our American colleagues get the facts straight!  
Each time you think you have read about every area #Brexit will impact on, up pops another one. The case for ending #Brexit gets louder by the day.   
Labour betrayal! MEPs SURRENDER and vote for EU access to UK fishing waters after Brexit  
The 62 "ERG" hard Brexit Tories are suffering tonight.EU tax enq committee-"Any UK/EU trade deal must depend on UK adherence to EU stds on tax avoidance/money laundering (inc tax havens)"NB. *Any* tax fiddling in France= Jail. 1st offence.No UK compliance= no tradeD'oh!  
EXCL Jacob Rees-Mogg also says the Republic of Ireland should leave the single market and customs union to ensure the NI border stays open after Brexit 
Our Defence Secretary is a child.Our Foreign Secretary is a clown.Our Brexit Secretary is a div.And our Prime Minister is just shit.Our government really is a joke.#ToriesOut #Brexit 
None of this can do this alone and I have been very lucky to have met some wonderful, funny, intelligent and dedicated people. I know that, if we work together and support each other, we can stop brexit. #BrexitIsPersonal 20/21 
Sooner or later the Gov must admit that #Brexit is not what people voted for. We will lose FAR more than we can gain and are cutting ourselves off from our closest allies at a time of rising global threats. 
This is the strange thing about the claim that Brexit was driven by anti-immigration sentiment. UK keener on migration than most: desire to control it not same as disliking it.  
Russia sees UK as weak because of Brexit, says Lithuanian minister  
Our aims are to get a final say for all & make as many ppl as possible aware of the personal impact stories of brexit. Our focus has been on UK in the EU, b/c that is what we are, but we also want to highlight the personal impact on EU27 & UK in UK #BrexitIsPersonal 15/21 
Jacob Rees-Mogg just explained EXACTLY why UK’s Foreign Aid budget must be scrapped  via @Your Brexit 
If you listen closely you can almost hear this person’s world crumbling around them as Trump and Brexit continue apace. Next step... Marion Marechal for French Prez   
Martina Anderson MEP will join John Finucane on Tuesday 27th March for a discussion on Brexit & the way forward. Come along and hear about @M_AndersonSF work in the European Parliament to fight against Brexit.  
Just remember, fellow Brits, we may be losing free roaming due to #Brexit. And this is just one of many consumer benefits - eg EHIC card, compensation for delayed flights - as  well as free movement rights we’re set to lose. #ExitFromBrexit #Brexitdealvote 
My piece on UK indifference to Northern Ireland, Brexit and a mother who brought her son to be shot. It's been most read on @guardian all day. Thanks for all the feedback: 
Russia sees UK as weak because of Brexit !!..Yep they are dead right...Only the stupid Tories cannot see it !!..May asks the EU to back them over Russia..You can now lady but not after Brexit you will be on your own !! #FBPE #StopBrexit #StopTories #ABTV 
If #Remain had won the #EUReferendum by 52%, @Nigel_Farage would have immediately demanded another referendum. How do we know? Because he said so. Read and RT @Jon_Danzig’s report. Link:  #StopBrexit 
Two little things bugging me: 1. These bloody remoaners saying Brexit mean loss of EU allies. No, it doesn’t.2. Talking like Russia could do whatever it wants to us militarily with impunity Yes, we know we would need our allies but they would not be laughing it they dared. 
Brexit twitter in real life. Incredibe. Jaw dropping.  
Royal Navy will be bolstered to protect UK waters post-Brexit and stop EU trawler 'ARMADA'  
Or Parliament could actually just put the country first and stop pretending everything will be alright. The sooner Brexit is stopped the less damage it will do. The fact that the uk is under attack from a foreign aggressor should be reason enough.#StopBrexit#FBPE 
Labour betrayal! MEPs SURRENDER and vote for EU access to UK fishing waters after Brexit  
Demand from abroad for British goods and services is at an unprecedented level. We're on target at this growth rate to reach £1.0trn exports by December 2022. 43 non-EU countries want Free Trade Agreements with us. Brexit is an exciting and unsurpassed opportunity. Embrace it. 
'Brexit is not deliverable!' Chuka Umunna's SHOCK claim "Leaving the EU is impossible."  The Difficult We Do Immediately.. The Impossible Takes a Little Longer.Chuka is underestimating us Brits.  
Brexit will set the British energy market free – and ought to cut costs for consumers too  
It was not a mandate. 37% of a deliberately restricted electorate in an advisory referendum is not a mandate. There is no mandate for Brexit: May asked for one in the 2017 election - and lost her majority! That doubles-down on ‘no mandate.’ - AND there is no decision either!  
More United has successfully secured a debate in Parliament on how Brexit will impact the NHS!!! 5000 people took action, 46 MPs from 5 parties took up the call & the agenda changed. This is a new mode of cross-party politics in action!  
Shocking. Brexit is crime & skulduggery.  
We support without any reservation our government's measures against the appalling attack on our people and our city. The most effective retaliation would be to cancel Brexit. Breaking up the EU is a key strategic aim of the Russian Federation. We are safer in the EU  
“And then I found out Brexit means losing over 750 international agreements with over 160 countries”.#CaptionCompetition#LiamFox@LiamFox 
They aren’t wise words.  We aren’t going to change our minds and no we haven’t been sold a pup by voting to leave. We are going to have Brexit and neither you nor your ridiculous Remoaner chums are going to stop us.  
Had Leaver Ministers tried to soften Brexit they'd have succeeded. But in their zealous pursuit of "No CU. No SM. No ECJ. No FOM" they risk damaging the national interest as severely as could be contrived. 
 This week we cover everything from the myth of post-Brexit isolationism, Britain striking Free Trade Agreement during the Brexit transition period, the Unilever move to the Netherlands and Vince Cable’s ludicrous caricature of 17.4 million Brexit voters  
"Liam Fox keeps promising us that a trade deal with the US will save us from the huge economic cost of Brexit. But today’s meeting shows he is already being taken for a ride by US trade negotiators." - @ChrisLeslieMP 
I know everyone is distracted by the Russian chemical attack on the UK, but it bears pointing out that Brexit just got another day closer, and we still don't have a solution to......ANY of it. 
Russia Today:Must we respect the will of the people?99% will vote for PutinThey think we're lying about the chemical attackAll want Brexit and support the foreign policy of the European Research GroupWell done Jacob Rees-Mogg, Putin's useful idiot.#FBPE 
Astonishing admission on @lbc from George Osborne that Govt made no contingency planning for  Brexit. A shameful dereliction of duty by Treasury and Downing St 
.@theresa_may must listen to the facts and the evidence, #Brexit will be damaging for us in every sense. Don’t sacrifice young people’s futures for the preservation of the Conservative party. 
.@AlfDubs stayed in the chamber until 11.30PM last night. He made sure a major legal route that allows child refugees in Europe to reunite with family in Britain stays after Brexit. Brexit should not put children into the hands of smugglers. We're 100% behind him!  
Nicola Sturgeon's whole Brexit pantomime is more about her seeking a role in the national drama of Brexit than about fighting the perpetual and beloved myth of a Westminster “power grab", says @MrTCHarris 
"It is a type of referendum known as pre-legislative or consultative, which enables the electorate to voice an opinion which then influences Govt in its policy decisions." Except our Govt surrendered its decision making process to the outcome.  That is why #A50Challenge must win. 
A Guardian article in which Putin's adviser Glazyev gives the real reason for attacking the Ukraine, Putin's fear of an EU/Ukraine association agreement - in other words Putin's fear of Ukraine becoming democratic, lawful and prosperous#StopBrexit #Brexit 
Corbyn was far more enthusiastic in calling for Article 50 to be envoked the very morning after the EU stay/Leave Referendum than he has been in saying, only today, Russia are behind the Salisbury poisoning. Totally unfit to lead Labour #BrexitShambles 
The government is voluntarily choosing to pursue a policy they have admitted will make the UK poorer. #Brexit  
Sadly this news is hardly surprising. The EU is nothing more than a glorified financial scam and we’re better off out! #brexit @UKIP @UKIPWales  
George Osborne has confirmed there was no plan in place for Brexit, telling @IainDale it would have been “extraordinary” for a pro-Remain government to prepare for its departure from the EU  
If a genius says so...#StephenHawking after the #Brexit referendum. #StopBrexit #FBPE #Remain  
Perhaps the saddest aspect of our political situation is the ‘credibility vacuum’ that now exists? Diplomacy isn’t a joke, Brexit isn’t owned by nearly half the UK, austerity isn’t a guarantee of our future wealth & health. All in all we’re paddling up the creek the wrong way.  
As the pressure on Russia increases, we should question whether now is the right time for Brexit  
When considering a 'No Deal' Brexit, Chris Grayling suggested that UK could just 'grow more food'... ignoring EU related supply chains, foods that can't be grown in the UK and EU subsidies that support the agriculture industry... #ToryShambles #bbcqt 
I am going to type this very slowly so you can understand @GavinWilliamson & @theresa_may - the BEST & ONLY response to Russia is to STOP BREXIT  - if you do not, you are leading this country into a lethal situation as well as driving it off a cliff with Brexit .WAKE UP FFS! 
Royal Navy's ability to monitor coastal waters to be strengthened post-Brexit to protect UK fishing grounds from EU trawler 'armada'.   ://www.telegraph.co.uk/politics/2018/03/15/royal-navys-ability-monitor-coastal-waters-strengthened-post/ 
He continued "we have already made certain commitments—to our agricultural community, for example—to maintain spending at EU levels until the end of this Parliament."  So where is the supposed Brexit dividend? 
'Paranoia' forcing govt to demand firms sign no-disclosure agreement on Brexit border information  
Russia sees UK as weak because of Brexit, says Lithuanian minister   
My point exactly. Not only a supermajority should have been required but a majority of the UK constituent nations ie 3 out of 4. The UK Referendum bizarre franchise and lies and false promises told further delegitimise the Brexit Referendum IMHO 
Enjoy our Brexit-free (!) season finale tonight at 10.30pm - we'll hear Wireless Witches, 'Not So Super Mario' and a seductive Jeremy Corbyn... Hosted by @AngelaBarnes with Chiara Goldsmith (@roisinandchiara) @JBImpressions and @JasonAForbes  
This is what brexit is asking us to surrender with out a fight.We say no, we will never surrender, we will never give up.Are you listening @ theresa_may and @jeremycorbyn ?#StopBrexitSaveBritain #StopBrexit #FinalSay #Remain #FBPE #Remain 
Almost desperate to spell out the consequences of Brexit, Jean-Claude Juncker can't help but state that "If you decide to jettison, leave behind, the common agreements and rules, then you have to accept that things cannot remain as they are."  
Cabinet Secretary for Culture and External Affairs @FionaHyslop will be in Paris tomorrow to celebrate the contribution of French artists and companies to 2018 @edintfest programme and strengthen #ScotFra links in light of Brexit. #ScotEU @UKinFrance @French_Gov 
Pleased to accompany Minister @creedcnw to meeting with Secretary of State @michaelgove. Useful exchange of views on agriculture and fisheries dimensions of #brexit.  
How can you 'overturn' an advisory referendum? Parliament was supposed to consider the advice and make a decision, taking into account all relevant factors, to achive the best outcome for the country. It has never done that duty. 
Continuity Remainers are not simply lamenting the result, they are encouraging the EU to offer bad terms in the hope of triggering a second referendum – often with shocking flagrancy, says @DanielJHannan 
Tory government accused of trying to 'gag' businesses about the consequences of Brexit 
Brexit:The closer we get the viable solutions just move further away.It's a choice between unity thus #remainorDoing Russia's bidingLosing our standing in the worldHaving every nation laughing at us#FBPE #Putin 
#Brexit is a key Russian foreign policy objective, a key strategic victory for Putin's hybrid war against the EU and democracy. And our government is knowingly handing Putin that victory.#BrexitBetraysBritain#StopBrexit #FBPE 
What will happen to the environment after Brexit? @TonyJuniper explains how a #GreenBrexit could present an opportunity for Britain to raise standards and become a global leader. 
Now we know how it feels like to work for the #Brexit Govt on trade - must be hard!UK diplomat in Paris just said:« You all in this room will have failed if we get no deal. »... to no less than EU, German, Dutch, Irish, French employers organisations at @medef#Europe 
Back Down: Brussels Says UK Can Sign Trade Deals During Brexit ‘Transition Period’   
.@Anna_Soubry - This place cannot overturn the referendum... the people began it & it is for the people to finish it... let the people have a #FinalSay on the final deal.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
NHS will be 70 this year. It has always been free at point of use. In the Brexit referendum many thought they voted to save it - they believed that it would get more money. Now clear it will get less. Brexit or the NHS you can't have both . #FBPE #NHSLove #FundOurNHS #ABTV 
America has always been proud to stand with #Ireland as allies and friends. Thanks to @MaryLouMcDonald @GerryAdamsSF @moneillsf for great discussion today on #Brexit and the need to protect the Good Friday Agreements and the progress we've achieved together.  
Unilever picks Rotterdam for HQ as Britain loses the battle before Brexit​  
Another set of #Brexit problems never mentioned by the #government: its effect on #charity and charitable organisations: 
In letter to @MichelBarnier European Parliament's Brexit representative @guyverhofstadt says he expects "full set of rights contained in the Good Friday Agreement and underpinned by EU law to be safeguarded and accessible to citizens in Northern Ireland" after Brexit 
In light of that, I support a referendum on the Exit Treaty, which will be known and real, and will be done in greater knowledge of what comes after it due to the political declaration that will come with it. 28/ 
Tory Gov so confident in Brexit - they are asking business to sign a gagging order..............THINK ON THAT...........A GAGGING ORDER. 
The way to get the world out of poverty is get high EU tariffs with emerging market economies down, which we will be able to do once we leave the EU. #Brexit 
I haven’t voted for anything that will make us poorer. When we leave the EU, we will be growing well as long as we follow the right domestic policies. It is nonsense to say that the economy will be hit. #Brexit 
I’m not the same person I was 5 years ago, the world is not the same world it was 3 years ago. Brexit is not the same question it was when the EURef was held. 23/ 
This is what we'll all have, come 2019. Brexit WINGS.   
If the will of the people had swung behind #Brexit , every recent opinion poll wouldn't have the country still split down the middle, 21 months on from the referendum.Surely even hard line #Brexiters can see that. Or do they just not care about their fellow citizens? 
As we have seen from Government proposals - Repeal goes beyond Rape, Incest and FFA.Legally, its UK 1967 Abortion Act on steriods. Going beyond current British law.The referendum is no longer about 3 difficult set of circumstances.Repeal = Abortion on Demand.#Savethe8th 
We hadn’t forgotten. But just because he was good at science didn’t make him right about anything else - least of all Brexit.  The majority of voters in the referendum disagreed with him.  
If you thought the anti Brexit protests were big last summer just wait till the London protest on 23rd June! Time to get organising! Let’s get a million people there! #StopBrexit2018 
The border issue tests a fragile peace agreement that took decades to attain, cost thousands of lives and whose decades-preserved balance has been almost miraculous. This is how seriously our Brexit secretary takes it.(via @Open_Britain) 
This is the kind of garbage the Russian government wants people to believe: The UK government and/or the European Union attempted to assassinate someone using a Russian nerve agent on British soil to derail Brexit. It's absolutely insane but some people will believe it.  
I love the hypocrisy of the most ardent pro Brexit MPs. Labelling the @HouseofCommons a puppet Parliament within the EU without realising that would be the exact same fate for the @CynulliadCymru and @ScotParl post Brexit under the British Governments proposals 
UK govt has been signing “many dozens” of secret agreements with companies and industry groups over highly controversial outcomes of the Brexit process for Britain's trade border, imposing silence by non-disclosure clauses 
MPs Spent £84,000 on ‘Fake News’ Fact-Finding Trip to U.S. to Investigate $1 Brexit Ad Spend by Russia   
Unilever bosses are PRETENDING their emigration had nothing to do with Brexit. Because they're a consumer-facing company. They know that Brexiteers are vindictive fruitcakes. They don't want a public argument. Here's what Unilever really think, from 2016. 
Bearing in mind the considerable amount of "hot news" stories which seem to have flooded the press in the past few days culminating with May threatening Russia, I am beginning to believe something horrible is going to break in regard to Brexit which she is trying to dilute. 
Boris Johnson hits out at Emmanuel Macron & France for trying to encourage more immigrants to France rather than the UK, Ladies & Gentlemen we have reached peak #Brexit - Brexiteers are now angry at Europeans for stealing "our immigrants". 
I am heading to Norway with work today. During the #euref campaign people like Farage and Hannah said U.K. would be like Norway if we voted for brexit - they seem to have forgotten that now & want to throw UK off a cliff. This misrepresentation is source of many #remainernow 
WELL DONE BREXITERS-About 20 banks have decided to expand in Frankfurt ahead of Brexit-other centers will also receive a boost as banks move away from the hub model, according to a lobby group. The old approach of doing “everything from a hub like London is over, at least for now 
But Brexit has nothing to do with it . #Brexit #Toxic #Unilever 
May is still pushing #Brexit which is Putin's great strategic prize. It's like fining someone £1,000 while leaving them holding the £1 million you've gifted them. As long as the government pushes Brexit it is helping Putin & betraying the UK. #BrexitBetraysBritain#StopBrexit 
.@acgrayling said we need the biggest demo Whitehall has ever seen on 23/4/18 - we can't let him down! Join us from 11-6pm when MPs will debate that Parliament's vote on the final#Brexit deal must include an option to #remain in the #EU. #SODEMaction #FBPE #FinalySay #StopBrexit 
 Look!  Russians While we're all talking about Russia, the Tories have voted through the removal of free school meals for the poorest children & screwed up another week of #Brexit negotiations! The Russians are coming Over there....Corbyn!  
HMRC is to start sending #Brexit bill invoices out to the 17 million that voted to leave. The single person invoice is to be £2,352, whilst a couple can expect a bill of £4,704 A government spokesman said: "It's the will of the people, get over it, they won" 
You might think  - what with Brexit - taking control was in vogueBut Philip Hammond this week put these three lads in charge of public spendingHow so?   1/4  
GOOD! COLLAPSE AND DO US ALL A FAVOUR! #ThursdayThoughts #EU #Brexit #FMQs 
Good news! EARLY Brexit planned with UK set to sever ties with EU sooner than expected  
Shocking revelations from Prof Michael Dougan at @BathforEurope talk last night: during the referendum campaign UKIP would call up the BBC and get him pulled from broadcasts with false claims he was funded by the EU.  #BrexitLies 
Dear Brexiters, the world outside the EU is not a free trade paradise. It's a shark pool.  #Brexit #trade 
Today I introduce the 'Alberta Taxpayer Protection (Carbon Tax Referendum) Amendment Act.' Never again should an Alberta govt be able to impose a carbon tax without first asking voters directly. Read the preview from @sunrickbell:  #ableg #UCP #cdnpoli #CPC 
This is the text in black and white adopted yesterday by the Parliament, through gritted teeth I supported it. This is what brexit britain’s future looks like. If you voted Leave, this is not what you were promised.  
Shocking: #Government trying to gag #business on #brexit problems   
Stephen Hawking told motor neurone disease to fuck off, and he outlived his original death sentence by 54 years.Shortly before his death he suggested that Brexit should likewise fuck off. We owe him that much. 
“The best way of defending our interests is to cancel Brexit & reinforce our position as a leading European power. That, too, would be the best way to retaliate against Putin, who rubbed his hands with glee when we voted to pull out of the EU” @InFactsOrg 
let’s make a rule: if you are not indigenous, don’t have a clue about australian history between 1788 and the 1967 referendum or an extensive understanding of the socioeconomic factors working against the indigenous you do not put your ignorant racist two cents in ta 
Do you see what's happening here? By arguing that there's "no evidence" against Russia, Corbynistas are fanning an "Iraq 2.0" debate which only serves to HELP the Tories move attention away from Brexit.With Brexit at its most vulnerable, May & Corbyn distract from it.#FBPE 
We are in the shit, and I mean We, the UK are properly in the shit.With the simultaneous issues threats of the Russian sponsored Brexit and the Russia Nerve agent crisis. If you are not scared or at least highly concerned you should be! 
Where is the indyref2 polling surge? Time for use to tackle the fear that independence could be many times more disruptive than Brexit.  
Lastly - private sector chair of Joint Customs Consultative committee on Brexit, Peter MacSwiney, told me: “I don’t understand what the secrecy is, I don’t know what is causing this paranoia”.Since interview he was asked to sign NDA, and refused, citing Brexit secrecy concerns 
This is a deeply disturbing development. UK Government appears to be preparing for #Brexit  No Deal, but is issuing gagging orders to the private sector companies who might be involved in enforcing borders. 
10. Official Opposition response from @PaulBlomfieldMP “disturbing evidence of a Government obsessed with secrecy and intent on keeping the public in the dark about their plans for Brexit”  
today's brexit mood  
This thread is worth reading and sharing.  It’s the young who will lose so much.  Brexit is madness and it can  and must be stopped. #GiveusasayMrsMay #exitfrombrexit 
7 days before March #EUCO. Here is draft text of #brexit withdrawal agreement as transmitted to UK.   
Government is sharing its plan for the border after Brexit with companies, then getting them to sign gagging orders to hide that information from Parliament and the people. It makes a mockery of Parliamentary Sovereignty when MPs need this information to hold them to account.  
8. HMRC has responded confirming that, yes, the Government is signing Brexit NDAs “with key delivery partners for the border” and suggested that it is “standard practice for the Government to use NDAs”. It did not answer how many have been signed.  
East of England exports boom in year after Brexit referendum. Exports from the East of England reached nearly £29bn in 2017 new figures show a rise of 8.2% on the year before 
No it’s not, but Corbyn put his anti western/ pro Russian ideological stance before the need to come together as a country against an imminent danger. He’s doing the same with Brexit, adhering to an anti EU, 1970’s socialist worker’s ideology before helping deprived kids.  
I am looking for spaces to host our durational art campaign @NotAtHomeIre all over Ireland in the lead up to the referendum. Get in touch if you can help? Particularly need help in WATERFORD, ATHLONE and WESTPORT @ireland 
Theresa May doesn't  seem to get that our crisis with Russia is immense and needs to be dealt with quickly but so does the crisis caused by Brexit. #Unilever 
THREAD:1. Several sources who basically operate the currently frictionless border, have attended Brexit Border consultations said they were highly surprised to be asked to sign non-disclosure agreements - some refused saying too much Brexit secrecy 
Demand for office space in London is up by 76 per cent year-on-year...'despite Brexit'  
Brexit is about ignoring you (you lost) and pandering to this (they won).  
.@ChukaUmunna – Government's Brexit gagging agreements are "shocking and very serious"  
WATCH: Sky News exclusive #brexitforensics Report on secret agreements over Brexit border -  
The EU has published the updated text of the #Brexit treaty which has been sent to the UK and is now up for negotiation.  
Huge excitement - one of first direct Thameslink trains from St Pancras to Peterborough, thanks to big investment started under last Labour Government. I’m on this train for my Brexit listening tour day in Peterborough, which voted leave & elected a Labour MP last year  
Unilever goes to great lengths to underline that its decision has nothing to do with Brexit. Nothing. No thing. Really, absolutely nothing.Nothing at all. Nada. Zilch.  
Just my opinion but wouldn't #Putin and #Russia take us more seriously if we had a big group of friends to call on and stand alongside us rather than insulting and alienating those friends and thinking we're special and can go it alone#BrexitShambles #Brexit #bbcdp #Salisbury 
Letter in today's @guardian on our attempts to force the govt's hand on their #Brexit impact studies and how the battle for transparency was won by political pressure and huge public support. @JolyonMaugham 
This is the party that is an expert at using fear tactics, as they did over Brexit, and BOY are they making the most of it right NOWAll too neatly orchestrated for me, I smell many rats.. and golly there are enough of them.Don't be duped by propaganda from any side. Question it 
It’s worth noting that there has been a concerted effort to imply that Britain’s two closest militsry allies are not fully backing us - possibly to further a narrative of post-Brexit decline - yet both Presidents have come out very firmly and clearly in support of Mrs May.  
Pleased to have been asked by SoS Defence @GavinWilliamson to undertake review of contribution made by Defence to UK prosperity. Hope my review will help support wider recognition of the economic impact of Defence to the United Kingdom, particularly post Brexit. #moderndefence 
Steve Baker, who is now a #Brexit minister, called for the EU to be "wholly torn down". That would impoverish the people of Europe and massively benefit Putin. Why after the #Skripal attack, is he allowed to remain in government?#BrexitBetraysBritain#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Unilever picks Rotterdam for HQ as Britain loses the battle before Brexit​  
Paul Polman, chief executive and a critic of Brexit, said of the year-long review: “I can categorically say that it has nothing to do with Brexit.” Both the UK and the Netherlands were “highly attractive investment planets”  
In any second referendum, the people might now reasonably be asked to clarify whether, when they voted for Brexit, they actually meant they wanted a full-scale dictatorship. 
Remind me again. We are ploughing ahead with #Brexit in the full knowledge that it will harm our country because we are too scared to explain to Brexiters that it will harm our country? Give me strength.#StopBrexitSaveBritain@theresa_may @ChukaUmunna @Anna_Soubry @michaelgove 
The Government's Brexit strategy. In full. () 
After #Brexit, Britain will pursue a commercial policy very similar the EU's: we have very similar interests, especially with Trump policies that show little regard for smaller trading partners. Leaving the Customs Union is thus a political decision, and a bad one at that. 
John McDonnell on Brexit Negotiations: "We could inherit a real mess, the way the Tories are negotiating with the EU."@johnmcdonnellMP #marr #bbcqt 
It can never be right for major constitutional change to be agreed on the basis of a couple of percentage points and without proper research. Whether it be the break up of the UK or Brexit. The informed debate we’re having now should have taken place before. 
EU softens hardline Brexit stance by granting fresh concessions to the UK over laws and fishing quotas during transition period  
John McDonnell on Brexit Negotiations: I think if you change the tone of the negotiations, and work on the basis of mutual interest and mutual benefit. We can protect our economy and protect jobs.@johnmcdonnellMP #ThursdayThoughts #ImpossiblePossible #bbcqt 
Khan focuses on hate speech, Brexit, Donald Trump. Is that to deflect from the appalling problems he has failed to tackle in his real job as Mayor of London?  
But But But.....We were told time and again the UK #Space industry was dead in the water if we opted for Brexit. What’s going on ?   
Wednesday Narrative:"Of course the Tory Government can be trusted and are always open and acting in the nations interest"Thursday Fact:Revealed the Tory Government are demanding big businesses sign gagging orders over the post-Brexit plans with threats of losing contracts. 
MPs Spent £84,000 on 'Fake News' Fact-Finding Trip to U.S. to Investigate $1 Brexit Advertising Spend by Russia  
Grimsby voted 70% for Brexit in the referendum.Now it's seeking exemption for itself:#bolloxtobrexit 
More evidence of how the process of #Brexit is undermining the strength of our democracy. If Brexit is causing problems for hauliers and travellers we have a right to knowWe need to how the full impacts and must fight this creeping authoritarianism#BrexitReality 
Open Britain's @ChukaUmunna on the government's Brexit gagging agreements: “This is a shocking and very serious development... It is undemocratic and makes a complete mockery of Parliamentary sovereignty" 
Unilever CEO Paul Polman: We're not moving because of Brexit  
Stephen Hawking - the genius of our times, warned May a few months after the Referendum that  complexities of Brexit were beyond even his superior brain,“I deal with tough mathematical questions every day, but please don’t ask me to help with Brexit.” 
Britain will be free to sign trade deals during the Brexit transition period without permission from the European Union after a climbdown by BrusselsThis will allow us to secure the 80% of future growth that will come from outside of Europe  
Forget whether this is really about Brexit...Every time a business like Unilever moves their HQ out of the UK and to the EU, they're choosing EU standards over UK ones. And because we depend on them, we become more and more bound to EU law. But we won't be deciding it anymore...  
The Brexiters who voted to "restore" sovereignty to Parliament, which it had never lost anyway, are now doing their best to deprive it of sovereignty. Brexit is nothing but deceit and hypocrisy. 
I’m starting to get an ever-so-slight, incy-wincy feeling Brexit is not a brilliant idea. Retweet if you are getting it too. 
BBC News - Unilever goes Dutch for HQ as London loses out  Or alternatively.....The two fastest growing business divisions will be based in the UK. HQ move not affected by Brexit. No job losses in UK. #Unilever 
.@Open_Britain's Social Media Manager: "But that article says "the decision over its HQ was not about Brexit""@Open_Britain Editor: "Never let the truth get in the way of pushing a political agenda." 
It's out! My book "Yes to Europe: The 1975 Referendum & Seventies Britain" is published today - a snip at £24.99. Warmest thanks to everyone @cambUP_History.  
David Davis asked why the government is refusing to put Brexit legislation through the commons, blames Labour for planning to vote against it. 
First DExEU refuses to listen to those not “positive” abt Brexit.Then the govt fights tooth-and-nail against publication of devastating impact assessments.Now they ask companies to sign gagging orders on BrexitDoes this look like a govt confident it’s doing the right thing? 
Percentage of UK GDP exposed to Brexit: 12.20%Percentage of EU GDP exposed to Brexit: 2.64% 
UKGov apparently forcing companies to sign non-disclosure agreements to hide the reality of their shambolic Brexit preparations and avoid public scrutiny.  
This is not the behaviour of a government confident about Brexit  
"Weather is not good today."- Look, that is nothing to do with Brexit, alright? Even the Met weather statements don't mention Brexit. You blame Brexit for everything, and it is simply not fair.  You are obsessed. Talking us down, all the time. 
Britain will be free to sign trade deals during the Brexit transition period without permission from the European Union after a climbdown by Brussels, The Times has learnt  
Government is petrified the public will find out the truth about Brexit.  
This Brexit process has been a total mess. Why are we only getting detail from the government a year and a half after May took office and half way through our negotiations?  
.@DavidDavisMP dismisses business concerns that a 21 month transition period will be insufficient. Jobs are on the line and the Secretary of State doesn't care. #Brexit is a scorched earth policy. 
Sky News has discovered the Government has been asking businesses based in the UK to sign secret agreements about their post-Brexit plans 
Brexit: Government 'paranoia' over secret business agreements  
Brexit minister Steve Baker asked by Labour's Matthew Pennycook if he can name a single organisation representing manufacturers which backs the government's policy on leaving the customs union. He can't 
The Government's failure on air pollution, and the threat that Brexit poses to clean air, have been exposed. Parliament is eerily quiet at the moment, so why not use this time to bring forward a Clean Air Act to protect people's health?  
...and at the point now where Brexit people are attacking Stephen Hawking in order to protect Brexit.  
psThis thread, which does not mention Brexit, is now being replied to by anxious Brexiteers telling me it has nothing to do with Brexit.A telling projection. 
Interesting use of language, given that during the referendum Mr Salmond’s SNP pressured the BBC into NOT using the phrase “break up the UK” as a description of SNP policy.  
GLOBAL: Brexit Britain should be free to sign worldwide trade deals from 2019.There’s no time to waste - let’s get on with it!  
Exactly as @20committee told you all, and as I have been reporting since he was elected. @UKLabour’s internal election was just as badly attacked by bots as #Brexit was. #AntisemitesForCorbyn were Russian bots. It was a dry run. The truth is sometimes unpalatable. @GCHQ 
After 100yrs in the UK, Unilever, the makers of Peril, Dove & Marite, have decided to move their HQ to Rotterdam. They're claiming this isn't related to Brexit...no doubt for political reasons.Either way this is a big blow to the UK's status as a financial centre #BrexitShambles 
Fund it with WHAT dividend?! JRM seems to have forgotten EVERY forecast showing U.K. will be WORSE off after Brexit. This means LESS money for our public services & strain on our NHS. If JRM really cared about NHS, he’d #RethinkBrexit. Enough is enough. #RenewBritain #SaveOurNHS 
The UK’s economic growth of 1.7% in 2017 is the slowest rate of increase since 2012. This is compared to the EU growing by 2.5%. #Brexit is harming the economy. @theresa_may must grant the public a vote on the deal and a chance to #ExitFromBrexit. 
Unilever moves from London to Rotterdam - Brexit Britain latest  
Spoke to colleague this AM who is UK/RUS dual:1 Obvs RUS did it2 All re election - wack traitor plays well, gets base out3 RUS lies & resulting Western chaos all part of fun - textbook maskirovka4 UK can do nowt - compromised by RUS money & weak due to Brexit5 Putin laughing 
The Daily Mail says @jeremycorbyn is a “Russian stooge”. They conveniently forget it’s the @CONservatives who have received over £800,000 in donations from the Russians since the EU referendum. The establishment are losing & they fear @jeremycorbyn. #ChangeIsComing. 
Lord Hill has a point - we cannot 're-fight the referendum' as it is what it is, but that was an ill-informed process, so looking at where we are today, I will #FIGHTBREXIT with all my might as any promises given by @michaelgove for a #GreenBrexit will not be delivered. #FBPE  
June 2016:“We hope that in the interests of Unilever, the UK & Europe, the UK will choose to remain and thereby *continue to play a central role* in Unilever's long-term growth and prosperity” Move to Rotterdam 'not Brexit related'? Yeah, right. 
BBC has finally chosen to highlight Prof Stephen Hawking's political views. Good. He set a model for us all of being a scientist who was constantly politically engaged: Brexit, the NHS, assisted dying, Trident, Iraq and party politics... 
How can you be a citizen of a country that doesn't exist, the EU is not a country ??#Brexit: Britons take EU rights bid to Dutch court - BBC News  
The decision of Unilever to focus its HQ in Rotterdam is not to do with Brexit, as will be claimed, but due to wider issue of ‘dual listed’ companies: dividend tax policy & greater protection from takeover more vital. RELX (Reed Elsevier) has done the opposite & focused on U.K. 
He thinks #Brexit is going to slam the door on countless opportunities for young British people who want to spend some time living, working and supporting themselves in Europe He's not wrong12/ 
Not to be deterred by a small thing called Brexit, Dave got himself an internship in Brussels which he was still able to do as part of our free movement rights that allow Brits to live, work and study in the EU, EEA and Switzerland. Way hay.. 5/ 
So Dave looked at his options and discovered that as part of the UK's EU membership he could go and study at first rate European universities at local rates. Way hay for Dave.  2/ #FBPE #FinalSayForAll #Brexit 
Parliament is going to debate the petition you signed – “Parliament's vote on the Brexit deal must include an option to remain in the EU.” Scheduled for 23rd April. 
This kind of tweet proves my point. It is not ‘leavers’ claiming #Unilever decision isn’t about #Brexit ...it is the company themselves. Honestly, I think some people would blame Brexit for the recent snow storm if they thought they could get away with it...   
Brexit Britain can secure new trade deals during the transition period, the EU reluctantly admits in a major victory for Theresa May  
PM May SHOW THE EVIDENCE 1) Putin is Guilty2) Austerity is Good3) Brexit is BestSHOW THE EVIDENCE 
Top tip for @Open_Britain: if you're going to keep spreading scare stories about the British economy you probably shouldn't link to articles which clearly state:'The company said the decision over its HQ was "not about Brexit".'  
You’ll either love this or hate this, but it’s bad news either way and just the start of what brexit really means. Pay attention.  
Brexit is an idiot 
Russian Twitter accounts targeted UK on #Brexit, the refugee crisis and the general election.  
If you voted Leave, this is assuredly not the brexit you were promised. Me in today’s @ScotNational #buyapaper 
READ: Unilever's decision to place its HQ in Rotterdam is yet another sign of weakening business environment in Britain after the referendum  
Brussels concedes on UK having power to sign trade deals in transition period | UK to be consulted on new EU laws and fishing quotas during transition | Sturgeon optimistic about Brexit powers devolution deal | Unilever says HQ move "not about Brexit"  
You have to read several paragraphs to get to Unilever saying this has NOTHING to do with Brexit! BBC values…  
.@theresa_may must rewrite her #Brexit priorities to serve country ahead of party. British influence in the world was amplified, not constrained as a member of the EU. Relinquishing that power brings costs that the PM doesn’t dare admit in public. 
And do you know what is absolutely sickening is the Tories and their rabid warmongering MSM have weaponised for votes as a tool for power the horrific suffering and pain of others.. Migrants refugees dead Basketcase Tory Brexit  
This is fine. #Brexit 
If the DUP's secret £425,000 Vote Leave cash came from Russia the game would be up for them and this government and maybe even #Brexit .However, Theresa May has taken steps to keep the truth secret.Why would that be? 
Unilever is the third biggest company in FTSE 100 and is worth £113billion. It is now moving its joint HQ from London to a sole HQ in the Netherlands. #Brexit #GlobalBritain 
Now more than ever I wish Gov't & Parliament grasped the idiocy of Brexit. If we weren't leaving, Russia's attack would have been on the EU, not on the UK. Britain should Remain for economic and geopolitical reasons. #SalisburyAttack #StopBrexit 
Blogged late yesterday so you might not have seen it - how trade with the rest of the world, and aviation, are the #Brexit issues that cannot be left for the transition period. Just 12 months to find solutions.  
Unilever's backing for a Dutch HQ is a setback for Theresa May, who's trying to retain investment before Brexit  
The EP once again playing a blinder.  They’re protecting U.K. citizens post #Brexit while our own government sells us down the river. #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Having until midday tomorrow to elect your Young Labour representatives isn't going to stop brexit, Jeremy. 
Watch Brexiter MPs:1. Dismiss Unilever's departure from London as irrelevant to the UK economy.2. Declare that Unilever's departure has nothing to do with Brexit.3. Claim Unilever will be desperate to return to London soon.4. Condemn Unilever for talking Britain down. 
It could have been very easy for @thatginamiller to stay, but that's just not in her nature. "I hate bullies and I will not be bullied by anyone – I have always been that way." Listen to our podcast to hear why she had to take a stand. #Brexit  
Remember when #Brexit was going to be fine because of a sad hamper of all these British products? Yeah, #Unilever who make marmite are pissing off to Rotterdam... Bloody Dutch staying over there, taking our jobs pic.twitter.com/S5YN7eid7l 
A little-known and little-noticed provision in the European Withdrawal Bill could be the key to triggering a referendum on any Brexit deal.  
Wales has so much at stake during Brexit but so little influence on what actually happens. Renew is the party listening to the ENTIRE UK - making sure YOUR voice is heard. Together, let's shape our future #RenewBritain 
Nothing to do with Brexit obviously..  
I really do not know how much more evidence you need, dear UK, to finally understand what Brexit has always been about since @theresa_may let hard Brexiters run away with it: a coup. One that has increasingly fascist undertones. 
Remainers - Remember to eat fish to support a bunch of people who voted Leave and caused Brexit. I suppose you must be a traitor if you don't.  
It says @UKLabour, if elected here, would champion the many, not the few. Labour supports Brexit. By default = a future *only* for the few. Labour is actively helping make the UK poorer and rob people of opportunities. None of those things are championing a future for the many.  
Bercow’s ‘bollocks to Brexit’ sticker disgraces his office  
Unilever, Anglo-Dutch firm which makes Marmite, PG Tips and Dove soap among other well-know brands, says it's moving its HQ from London to Rotterdam, but says it's due to a corporate restructure rather than Brexit. 
This is just the start. @RuthDavidsonMSP @ScotTories must abandon their Brexit fantasies and protect peoples jobs rather than what is in the interests of her party.  
Brexit has led Unilever, 7th most valuable European company to move it's Headquarter  to the Netherlands and it's main Listing in Amsterdam leaving hence the FTSE index 
Blow to Brexit Britain: as we revealed last month Unilever chooses Netherlands over UK for corporate base  via @financialtimes 
As @BrexitCentral revealed, Unilever is moving its corporate HQ to Rotterdam - but "purely for technical reasons", their boss Paul Polman just told the Today programme. "This is not about Brexit," he said in terms, with the company continuing to invest in the UK. 
“When our negotiators go to bed at night, they should say to themselves, without our money the European Union is bust.” Listen to the man here:  #Brexit  
As there seems to be some confusion amongst those who voted to Leave the EU:I don't want another referendum - the first one was rubbish!I want our MPs to do their duty & act in the best interests of our country based on the evidence now available.#BrexitReality #SaveBritain 
David Davis could ‘live with’ shorter Brexit transition period  David Davis says he's not bothered. Hardly surprising as that seems to have been his attitude throughout the negotiations. 
Porton Down has confirmed the source of the nerve agent as being RussianExpelling diplomats is a pointless exercise and will lead to tit-for-tat expulsions.If we really want to hack off Putin we should call off Brexit and present a united front with the rest of Europe. 
#BREXIT EXCLUSIVE - "Lauren Southern at EU Parliament" - Interview with conservative journalist banned from UK, but allowed everywhere in the EU27:  
Spiegel reports Up to 20 banks will open Brexit  offices in Germany creating up to 5-6,000 new jobs. Shows Brexit good for employment - outside UK 
BREAKING: Unilever picks a single HQ in the Netherlands, abandoning a British base it's had for nearly a century  
I was under fire on The Mash Report recently – to determine just what Labour's position on Brexit is ↓  
And don’t blame #Brexit folks. Europe was equally wavering after Litvinenko  
Something is rotten in the state of Brexit.Lord Callanan @DExEUgov asserts in the Lords that the will of the people exceeds parliamentary sovereignty.The argument apparently being that the referendum is frozen in time & principle, giving the govt free rein over parliament. 
Oh dear some of leading Brexiteers won't be happy including the hedge fund donors to the EU Leave Referendum campaign hoping to make a killing from the volatility they anticipate from Brexit in the UK markets if the final outcome doesn't deliver the cake and eat it deal promised  
The hard Brexiteers make it up as they go along including reinventing the UK Constitution & changing the Brexit narrative from promises of delivering sunlit uplands & NHS dividend to a price worth paying to take back control. They're gradually being exposed for their dissembling 
Thank you @Andrew_Adonis: "We are a parliamentary democracy."Outrageous that Brexit minister, Lord Canallan, had to be reminded of this. Our democracy is under threat. Is this being reported widely enough?#StopBrexit #FBPE 
“Irrespective of Brexit and the tough negotiations, I’d like to express my full solidarity with PM May in the face of the brutal attack...” Utterly bizarre comment from EU following nerve agent attack in Europe. Says much about their real attitude.  
Salisbury is May's Falklands. An opportunity to deflect from her abject failure on the Brexit front. 
As if we weren't hurting ourselves enough with Brexit, now Tory and Labour wasting time on a pissing contest over which of the two is more in Russia's pocket.Where the hell are the grown ups? 
BREXIT REALITY - CRAZY  
Pennsylvania Republican Rep. Charlie Dent says the special U.S. House race was a "clarion call" to his colleagues. "This election cycle is going to be a referendum on the Republican Party, the President of the United States and his conduct in office," he added.  
Republican strategist @murphymike on whether #PA18 / #ConorLamb victory was a referendum on @POTUS: "Yes, it's #Trump! This is not rocket science! We have the most unpopular president in the history of polling!" 
Oh @WelshChrisHumph! You legend!One of SEVERAL members of the House of Lords who denounced Brexit's betrayal of young people, but you called OFOC out by name!   
So @LordCallanan is happy to invoke the will of the people to justify putting executive power over parliamentary democracy.Perhaps he might also consider the good and wellbeing of the people, particularly in his, and my, own region, whose lives will be harmed by Brexit.  
Salisbury: alternatives galore - yesterday, we saw a House of Commons, braying and bleating, with perilously few exceptions united in its conviction of Russian guilt. It wasn't a legislature we were watching. It was a lynch mob...  #Brexit.  
The history of liberty is a history of resistance - Woodrow Wilsonc @PicPublic #history #brexit #dogsoftwitter 
After the European Medicines Agency, now Unilever. #Brexit proving to be pretty lucrative for the Dutch.  
Thoughts on PM May's speech on Skripal today:1. Far too little & far too traditional2. Why not going after the money? Bought or unprepared? 3. UK suffers badly form Brexit: Both unprepared and abandoned.Conclusion: UK is easy Ru loot outside of EU & w/o proper transparency. 
Thank you very much. Glad to have all our EU allies with us, as we will be with you, collectively and individually, when you need our help. We remain friends, partners and allies. Signed, a #Brexit supporter. #NATO #Skripal #Sanctions 
Retweet, follow, and share this account to show your support for Avon Schools, and to stay up-to-date on information regarding the referendum! To get involved, or for more information, feel free to DM. #Yes4AvonSchools 
“Brexit” nor the election of President Trump ought to be pinned on voter whims or considered fluke events.  
Brexit achievements so far ......  
Remind me again why we are pressing on with a #Brexit that can only leave us Poorer, Weaker, with Fewer Rights & less Control at this time, based on the non-Binding opinion of a minority of the Ppl & the electorate?Binding #FinalSayForAll + #Remain option 
There's far more evidence of the Russian state's substantial involvement in the referendum result than in the poisoning in Salisbury. Yet UK govt acted immediately and decisively over the latter, but has been going along for months with the former and taking no corrective action. 
Britain will be free to sign trade deals during the Brexit transition without permission from the EU, The Times has learnt 
& I still don’t understand why Sikhs are automatically labeled “terrorists” for wanting Khalistan & no one associates Scottish person campaigning for independence, Quebec wanting to separate f/ Canada or Brexit as “terrorism”  
Brexit Explained  
Yes I think you’re right. They are so invested in this it’s not possible for them to be rational. Exactly the same as Brexit.Slightly unfortunate for the rest of us. 
Very busy day discussing Brexit and international relations with variety of experts. Things more complex and problematic than assumed by UK government for both #Brexit and #Russia. 
Don't want to sound superior, but when we have an election or a referendum then the one with the most votes wins.  
Theresa May is in a desperate position,she's in trouble with Brexit & she is trailing behind Corbyn in polls, with Local Elections coming up shortly in UK. Perhaps she saw #RussianSpyPoisoning as an opportunity 2 try to misrepresent & damage Corbyn. She failed.#ThursdayThoughts 
Every opinion poll shows the country deeply divided over Brexit (with a growing majority wanting to Remain). In those circumstances to proceed with Brexit is foolhardy. It is not the settled will of the British people. 
Brilliant. The same reaction occurs whenever you try to explain to a Remoaner that 17.4m Brexit supporters knew exactly what they voted for and why they wanted to leave the EU.  
You will be poorer. I will be poorer. We will be poorer. Oh, and in more debt. This is because of Brexit. #StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON #ABTV 
Brexit: David Davis 'can live' with shorter EU transition  
If Brexit goes ahead and Scotland doesn't vote for independence then I'd advise anyone under the age of 40-45 who has any ambition at all to emigrate cos if u think our economy is underperforming now you ain't seen nothing yet. 
#newsnight DD makes it clear that it is the EU council,  democratically elected heads of nation states, that will make the final decision on the Brexit deal. Not the unelected bureacrats of a supposed superstate as the Brexiters would have you believe. All their BS falls away. 
Immigration was a key reason why many people voted for #BrexitGovernment must deliver on this.It must not be offered as a concession in #Brexit negotiations.To do so would betray 17.4m peopleRT if you agree#LBCLIVE #PMQs 
Referendum Polling discussion.  Many people will no doubt say they don't want one soon, not because they don't want independence, but because they don't think it can be won soon.  There surely will be no third chance.  On that basis I'd say, "not now". 
Make no mistake.  Democrat, Conor Lamb’s victory in the #PA18 Pennsylvania House race is a referendum on Donald Trump’s presidency.  
I find these words shocking and unprecedented: "I am asserting the supremacy of the people who voted in a referendum" An advisory referendum? A disputed referendum in which millions were excluded? This nonsense has got to stop. #StopBrexit2018 
#Putin’s strategy is divide and conquer, systematically encouraging division in the international community to enable the expansion of Russian power. A real response would be to stop playing into his hands with #Brexit. 
All #remainers and pro-Europeans should be voting for the @LibDems.They're the only party who genuinely seem to be not be playing games with #Brexit and using it as a way of achieving power.  
12 hrs of debate on EU Withdrawal Bill today as Government keeps Lords sitting extraordinary hours to try & cut short debate. ‘Highlight’ today is Minister refusing to accept that Brexit is subject to parliamentary sovereignty. But we may keep a single market in racehorses! 
I'm getting a bit pissed off with polls being used as an unofficial referendum on whether to hold a referendum. A 2nd #indyref was inevitable after the incompatible results of two previous ones. We have to choose which union is more valuable to us, EU or UK 
This is excellent: How Britain must defend itself against Putin's hybrid war by @J_amesp #StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
Unbelievable: Brexitremist articles being written saying Unilever's move to Rotterdam isn't bc of Brexit... So called #ProjectFear was always #ProjectTruth 
Some of Britain's leading corporate bosses are expected to raise concerns about Brexit's potential impact on their UK workforces during talks this week with Theresa May: About time! @CBItweets 
The USA have just signalled there complete support for the UK in the face of the alleged Russian attack in Salisbury.To Corbynista MEP's taking opportunity to score pathetic anti-Brexit points over a matter of International security. You can now shut up!  
MUST READ ANALYSIS by @OfficeOfMike — The Pennsylvania Special Election Isn't a Referendum on Trump. Here's What it Means for the Midterm Elections  
'Brexit is not deliverable’ says Chuka Umunna. Think about that. It means that even if 100% had voted to leave, including Chuka, it could never happen. Once sucked inside the EU Black Hole event horizon escape is impossible. Remainers are getting desperate  
We should also expel our Russian collaborators @Arron_banks @andywigmore @Nigel_Farage @georgegalloway @matthew_elliott who helped Russia weaken this county with the Brexit vote. Traitors  #FBPE 
Slovenia's prime minister will resign after court rules his government improperly backed one side in referendum over railway construction.  
If it wasn’t for Chelsea fans, remain probably would’ve won the EU Referendum, so you lot deserve to be booted out of Europe. #Chavs 
Boards of Dove-maker Unilever finalise move to axe UK HQ.It is the third-largest company in the FTSE 100 index, with a market value of £113bn.Brexit putting jobs and our economy at risk. #StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
Brexit Leaves us Lonely in a Dangerous WorldTimes 2017.03.14 Comment#FBPE 
'He must go!' Nigel Farage demands Bercow's resignation over 'B***OCKS TO BREXIT' sticker  
A home win for the @Remain_Labour campaign! My local branch of @Hounslow_Labour (Brentford & Isleworth) has just passed a motion asking the Labour Party to support a 2nd referendum, with an option to #Remain  
In a free society, people should also be able to criticise #Brexit without being called traitors, enemies of the people or being against democracy. But you don't like people criticising brexit do you Nigel? #justsaying#StopBrexit2018 #FinalSayForAll #FBPE #Remain #WATON 
Brexit update:The British Government is a bit crap at negotiating because:Our demands don't make any sense to the Europeans. What we want isn't available.The EU is a rules based organisation.We only get to Leave on their terms or walk away.It's not hard. #FBPE 
Nigel today claiming the EU is a greater threat than Russia. If you haven’t joined up the dots yet allow me: Russia wants Brexit to weaken the Western Alliance. Nigel and his mate Donald both work for Russia. Nigel is not your friend. Nigel is not a patriot. Nigel is a media ho. 
#Russia held an illegitimate, fabricated “referendum” in #Ukraine in a futile attempt to legitimize its purported annexation of Ukrainian territory. Russia’s claim that Ukrainians made a free choice in that sham “referendum” has always lacked credibility.  
Strip away the layers and Brexit becomes ever more murky | Gina Miller  
Sputnik publishing a UKIP claim that the #Skripal case was staged to keep the UK within the EU over a "Russian threat".Yes, #Skripal is a good reminder of why #Brexit should be cancelled, but most of our press & politicians have failed to make the connection.#StopBrexit #FBPE pic.twitter.com/KtLqZZ2E0G 
My man @chucktodd is working really hard to make last night a referendum about Nancy Pelosi. Also a victory for"Centrism." This is incorrect. 
So, forgive me for being a bit pessimistic and sceptical and anxious and angry and sometimes even unreasonable, I’m only human... 5/5 PS: buy the book InLimbo, full of stories of ordinary people like me touched by the madness of #Brexit @InLimboBrexit #FBPE 
Please, Please Please, Don't assume that this is just going to be big, It won't be big if you're not there. Let's MAKE this big. Sort your travel, take friends, take the kids, tell anyone that knows how stupid brexit is that they're needed! See you there! And let's #StopBrexit 
BREAKING: Slovenia's prime minister says he is resigning over a top court ruling on a referendum. 
#Russia's claim that Ukrainians made a free choice in that sham "referendum" 4 years ago has always lacked credibility. #Crimea is part of #Ukraine and our Crimea-related sanctions will remain in place until Russia returns control of the peninsula to Ukraine. 
Final scores on those 231 amendments to ScotGov's Brexit bill, after over 11 hours of debate and voting:38 passed54 withdrawn139 rejected 
Yes @realDonaldTrump, Lamb's win is a referendum on you. And on all the GOP leadership that rolls over for Trump. November is coming. 
"This issue is about to be tested in the courts with a crowd-funded action against David Davis requiring him to call for such a referendum."  
Will the Tories, at stage 3 of the #ContinuityBill, heed the words of Mike Russell?"The members who now support Brexit and intend to make it even more difficult for the Scottish Parliament to adjust to Brexit really need to consider their position." 
NEW: State Dept. critcizes Russia on fourth anniversary of Crimea referendum."Crimea is part of Ukraine and our Crimea-related sanctions will remain in place until Russia returns control of the peninsula to Ukraine."  
'You want to sell fishermen down the river' Tory MP savages SNP over post-Brexit powers  
The Scottish Government's Brexit legislation - the UK Withdrawal from the European Union (Legal Continuity) (Scotland) Bill - has passed stage two at Holyrood  
.Brexit Means....."Britain wants the support of its allies in taking action against Russia, but relations with those allies are shakier than they have been in generations, given Britain’s pending divorce from the EU & frictions with Trump.". 
Interesting that Unite’s Len McCluskey, a big Corbyn supporter, thinks Tory pro-Europe Brexit rebels might risk an election producing a Blair or Miliband Labour Govt but not one led by Corbyn promising fundamental change. He’s right? 
.@Nigel_Farage has taken aim at the Speaker of the Commons after a “b******* to Brexit sticker was spotted on display in his car  
The three worst foreign policy disasters of the twenty first century in UK were all carried out with1. The opposition agreeing with the government 2. MSM cheering onIraq, Libya and the vote on the terms of the Brexit referendum Corbyn is doing the right thing 
Do you think that the Russian spy poisoning episode might be a ploy to divert the growing public anger away from Brexit and child rape gangs? 
Brexit threatens EU superstate: German MEP's SHOCK warning for Juncker's vision  
“The man’s a liar. He’s a liar and a chancer.” - Emily Thornberry doesn’t hold back on Boris Johnson over his Northern Ireland border Brexit private & public positions 
Britain will still be paying the Brexit divorce bill in 2064.Is this a betrayal of your vote? 
Jacob Rees-Mogg - "The EU is trying to keep the UK in the single market and the customs union. Basically to deny us of the benefits of #Brexit."And we should simply say no to that. It would be entirely unreasonable for us to stay in the single market and the customs union."  
Always remember: brexit divides. It will continue to divide everything it touches, until it finally divides itself, and dies. 
Unless I have missed it -- in which case I apologise -- I have not detected much reference in the BBC's coverage of the death of Stephen Hawking to his lifelong socialism, opposition to Brexit, the Vietnam War and the invasion of Iraq 
Our MPs are like Strephon in ‘Iolanthe’ - their legs carry them into the wrong lobby when voting on Brexit, while their brains know they should be in the other lobby. - Gilbert & Sullivan should be compulsory viewing for MPs. @ English National Opera soon. 
Our Brexit #ContinuityBill amendment to give parliament rather than ministers the power to determine how changes are scrutinised has been agreed. May not sound exciting but this is a significant win for the role of parliament, as the public's representatives, in this process. 
To our politicians: If you want to punish Putin stop Brexit. Otherwise STFU you hypocritical toads!#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit 
Sad to hear of #StephenHawking passing today - his appetite for social justice was vital to campaigns in support of Palestine, Vietnam, and most recently against Brexit!  
Steven Woolfe MEP - "Britain has never feared looking forward to the future, we weren’t in fear when we came to your aide in the time of Nazism or communism."We will not leave in fear living outside of the EU. We will embrace it and look forward to a bright future." #Brexit  
Calling all #YoungBrits + #EUcitizens not yet registered to vote. You can send a strong anti-#Brexit signal to the Govt + Corbyn in local elections on May 3rd.To register online you only need your NI number. Takes 5mins. Deadline = April 17th:  #LE2018 
Hey, Europe ... If you want to side with these tricksters that's up to you, but you'd be much better off making individual deals with the UK.#Brexit #Brexiteers #LeaveEU #GoodRiddanceToBadRubbish 
Name: Michael HudsonAge: 19Hobbies: drinking pints, following England and Sunderland away.Political views: not racist just want them out, brexit means brexit.Brief description: fat, pasty, loves baths in gravy. Slug hips.  
Brexit: Brussels picks up the pace as paperwork mounts  
Farage is obviously missing all the attention he got from Brexit...he'll say anything now for a bit of publicity, but this is pretty low even by his scrape the barrel standards. #Russia 
The Russia story is dividing the nation more than Brexit.I cannot believe I'm saying this, but I agree with Jeremy Corbyn. There is not enough evidence and Moscow weren't invited to jointly carry out the investigation.It's all a bit knee jerk, like there's an agenda. 
Our daily reminder to register to vote for local elections in England.Deadline to register: 17 AprilElection Day: Thurs May 3 This is an opportunity to send a #StopBrexit message (#ABTV = anti-Brexit tactical vote) 
We're very familiar with far-right Putin lovers like Farage and Arron Banks. But keep an eye open for Corbyn supporters trying to cast doubt on Russian culpability. There are many of these Putin tools on the Left.Socialists for imperialist kleptocracy!#StopBrexit #Brexit 
Or No Brexit. Don’t give up. As the promises evaporate and the untruths unravel we have a right to change our minds and #StopBrexit 
With spy poisoning by Putin, Brexit Britain finds out who its friends are•US has proved itself at best fairweather and at worst dismissive•EU “full solidarity with the British people and the British government, ready to offer support if requested” 
I see #Brexit is now causing issues with the Edinburgh Festival. A shame its organisers didn't support Scottish independence when they had the chance. 
This is quite astounding. It's difficult to know whether Government Minister Lord Callanan actually understands what is being put to him or what the implication of his answers are.We are in some very troubled times as a democracy and it results from #Brexit  
.@M_AndersonSF convened a meeting of the"Peace Process Support Group" today at the European Parliament. Martina briefed MEPs and others on the state of play in the North of Ireland and of course Brexit.  
I would actually prefer for our MPs to man the phück up and actually say - "you know what this ref was advisory - more info has come to light on the impact of brexit and the shady goings on in connection with Russia so we're just gonna cancel it". I won't hold my breath tho. 
Those of us wth opinions that could be called 'centralists' but who voted for @UKLabour to oppose #Brexit should now be considering it time to forgive @LibDems. It would not be a wasted vote as they could be influential in another hung Parliament. I speak as an ex-Conservative. 
I haven't been able to support @jeremycorbyn, mostly but not only because of his devotion to Brexit. I'm not his friend!But even I can see  that he's the one who comes out of this sorry mess with his honour enhanced: measured and mature. All power to him, frankly. 
Party members turning on Corbyn.. sickening, he's right we do not categorically know who did it.. May and her 'superbrains' have decided to be Judge and Jury without considering it could be another outfit, foolish. Sounds just like Brexit, people were not in possession of facts ! 
Our closest friends in the EU stand by the UK at this time but after Brexit we must hope and pray it still remains the case.  
I will never accept responsibility for any inevitable future downside to Brexit as a strong Remainer as the fault lies firmly with the dissembling and false promises of Brexiteers. History will judge them badly-that is my prediction. Our children will one day be proud we spoke up  
First Minister Nicola Sturgeon meeting UK Prime Minister Theresa May about a Brexit power grab should be the leading item on British Broadcasting Corporation's Reporting Scotland. Its not even in the leading 3 items. BBC yet again treating the Scottish public & Govt with contempt 
Overheard a conversation at breakfast this morning between a banker from Dublin & one from Frankfurt, discussing how they are picking over the relocation spoils of Brexit. I felt sick to my fucking stomach, fucking sick & fucking ashamed of those who voted to fuck over my country 
The Russian poisoning gives May a face saving way of cancelling #BrexitWill she take it? Nope, she's more afraid of the eurosceptics in her own party than the negative consequences of #Btexit 
Brexit now has people denigrating Stephen Hawking and defending Vladimir Putin. The same people, obviously. 
Brexit is a #Russian Project to destabilise the EU and the UKThe best way to punish the Russians for attacks on British soil would be to #StopBrexit#FBPE #WATON #StopBrexitSaveBritain #ExitFromBrexit #ExitBrexit #RemainerNow #remainers 
Minister @PatBreen1 meets with Scottish Cabinet Secretary for the Economy & Jobs, @KeithBrownSNP  to discuss the economy, Brexit & how Ireland & Scotland can strengthen the business relationship to support SMEs looking to export  
Brexit myth alert. EU labelling legislation encourages Member States to show calorie indication of food/drink. That’s why UK has adopted green/amber/red traffic light system. Pls RT  
Farage says the EU is more of a threat than Russia. Here is what Putin did to Grozny in 2003 when Chechnya tried to gain independence. #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit  
Chuka, one of the good guys (except on #Brexit)  
Stephen Hawking on Brexit: “By remaining in the EU, we would have given ourselves more influence in the world, we would provide future opportunities for young people, but leaving Europe threatens Britain’s status as a world leader in science and innovation.” 
Lord Hain says we are "desperately unprepared for Brexit and nowhere is this more evident than on N Ireland" and technological solution is "fiction" 
MPs should be offered a free vote on the Brexit deal the PM comes back with. An issue this monumental should not be forced through by a Government avoiding Parliamentary scrutiny at all costs.  
I have very little trust in Theresa May or her ability to protect this country from foreign threats considering her Brexit strategy and austerity policies. However, I am convinced Russia is involved in the poisoning of #skirpal and know the ice Britain walks on is very thin. 
The UK Government has announced 24 devolved areas where it seeks to temporarily retain power post-Brexit, most relating to food and farming. The full list is available here. This is a disaster for Scotland. Here’s why:  
Proper Answer: Because they all had a horizontal bed of softer rock on top of them which has been eroded over the years exposing the harder rock underneath.2018 Answer: Brexit. 
Yeah. He also thought Brexit was the dumbest move ever. Listen to smart people.  
Here’s the story of another #leave voter who did so to give much needed money to the NHS, now it’s clear that it won’t happen and #brexit puts his job at risk, he is quite rightly fuming!With so many #bregretters now reality is clearer, MPs must stand up & oppose #brexit  
"The EU is more dangerous than Russia", says Farage.The words of a traitor and enemy of democracy!#BrexitBetraysBritain#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit  
Sheer waste of money. This is the tip of the iceberg. Brexit will have cost £40 billion in lost growth by the end of this year. NO GOVERNMENT HAS THE RIGHT TO IMPOVERISH THE NATION!!!  
.@NicolaSturgeon says there is still an important principle of Holyrood consent on #Brexit powers after meeting with @theresa_may 
The chancellor boasts of good news, but the Brexit effect is plain to see  
Want to know the people who connected Russia to the EU Referendum campaign? Check out @MollyMEP’s website #RussiaGate #EURef #RussianSpy 
Abandoning Brexit would stabilise the economy, scupper Russian attempts to fragment Europe, bolster UK and EU foreign, trade and security policies, and help to balance against Trump’s unpredictable lunacy.It would be better for the UK, the EU, and the world.  
Yogi's Gorakhpur bastion crumbles after 29 years! Referendum on 1-year of Yogi rule? Warning bell for 2019?Watch #PeoplesCourt with @PadmajaJoshi at . 
Letter to my Tory Brexit mp  
"This is about whether those UK frameworks are reached by agreement or imposition" says @NicolaSturgeon on clause 11 of #Brexit EU Withdrawal Bill.  
Here’s the real #Brexit dividend for the NHS, as of the £350m per week myth wasn’t bad enough. Is this what you voted for? If not, then demand a #FinalSay so we can pull the plug on #Brexit. #FinalSayForAll #FBPE #StopBrexit 
Long & v unsatisfactory Lords debate on the parliamentary process for considering Mrs May’s withdrawal treaty. Minister Lord Callanan wouldn’t even agree that parliament was sovereign and could determine the best course if that meant a referendum. 
A majority of Scots do not want a second referendum on Scottish independence in the next three years  
There's a definite swing in the attitudes of #Brexiters. They now blame the downsides of #Brexit on the #Remain camp and the EU. They won't accept the consequences of their own actions. They say they knew what they were voting for, so they need to grow up and own the downsides. 
We have just launched an inquiry on international trade. We will be looking at Scotland and Brexit phase 2 and Scottish brands.  
European Parliament overwhelmingly voted today to put the final nail in the coffin of the Tories’ plan for creating tax-haven Britain post #Brexit.No cooperation on tax, no trade deal.  
The White House: "GOP does not view (the race) as a referendum on Trump. Rather a weak candidate"That's fine. And, that's why the GOP will be transferring power in the Congress soon. 
Who has taken over £800,000 in donations from Russians, @JuliaHB1, since the EU referendum? Ah, yes, the @CONservatives. 
The European Parliament has passed a key resolution on #Brexit, with MEPs overwhelmingly voting to back the rights of people in the north of Ireland. In this video, @M_AndersonSF explains the significance of the vote and outlines the state of play in the talks. 
I thought #Brexit was meant to take back control? In order to maintain market access for industrial goods, we will have to apply almost identical trading rules. Is #Brexit really worth it? 
Jean-Claude Juncker tells MEPs the UK will “regret” Brexit  
.@Shawn365Henry: This really is a referendum against gun violence, not just school shootings. #AMR 
Your regular reminder that the people who back Brexit also back Putin- ask yourself, is that patriotism?  
Brexit  
NI Human Rights Commission/Irish Human Rights & Equality Commission recommend that people in NI should retain the right to stand as candidates and vote in elections to the European parliament after Brexit.  
The smear campaign against Corbyn is relentless and fact-free. The point is to link him to any bad thing in the world. Terrorism, rogue states, Brexit, and now...Russia. The facts don’t matter. History doesn’t matter. All that matters is Project Fear.  
He was also passionately anti-Brexit but the Corbynites never want to mention that. It dishonours Hawking that some choose to ignore that for political purposes.  
Brexit is a #Russian Project to destabilise the EU and the UK.The best way to punish the Russians for attacks on British soil would be to #StopBrexit , and hold those working with Russia to account.#FBPE #WATON #StopBrexitSaveBritain #ExitFromBrexit #ExitBrexit 
Funny how the party of Bernie and Pelosi is now acting like running a candidate in a centrist district who is barely recognizable as a Democrat is a national referendum on Trump  
I strongly disagree with the PM: on Brexit, on austerity, on Trump, on trade deals, on uni policy, on school meals, on almost everything. Today - I'm with her.  
A few of the Brexiters’ promises during the referendum, such as £350 million a week to the NHS would of course be welcomed. However, the problem is that none of them are true and none of these have been followed through. We will be worse of in every situation post-#Brexit. 
You think trading with the rest of the world makes Brexit worth it?We already do! You keep saying "Only 50% of our trade is with the EU" Where d'ya think the rest goes?Brexit just shifts things in favour of multinationals and those who can afford to export much further. 
"Brexit is clearly failing. Let's pull a fictitious benefit out of our collective arse and hope nobody questions it."  
In debates in Parliament today (#PMQs + #salisburyincident), .@theresa_may referred to support from EU allies several times, mentioning .@eucopresident Donald Tusk by name, but the other Donald T only once, as an afterthought.#Brexit is Putin's project. Let's #ExitFromBrexit! 
The Corbyn faction’s reaction to the Russian poisoning is exactly the same as Brexit. It doesn’t matter if any harm is being done to the country, if somebody’s response puts Corbyn in a bad light, shout them down. 
I feel like I got too complacent in the 00s, thinking hate crimes and this way of thinking/acting was not eradicated but definitely on the way out.  Post Brexit and post Trump I certainly don't think that any more.  
It’s traditional to find out what happened first. Still Russia hysteria beats Brexit humiliation, day after day  
Met with US state department this morning, discussed among many things the need for protection of Good Friday Agreement  Brexit, special envoy & boundary commission. @MaryLouMcDonald @GerryAdamsSF 
@jeremycorbynIn October, when you get the draft Treaty back from Brussels and it fails most of your 6 tests, If you keep your word and vote down the 'Tory Brexit' you'll pretty much be the Messiah of young people. Or you could support it, and the Tory Rebels will take the credit  
Or you could mention61% say Brexit bad for economy41% want referendum on Independence within 3 yearsSupport for Independence up to 48%Tories fall to third place, SNP still hold commanding lead.See, twitter gives you enough characters to say all that. Why didn’t you? 
Unilever, third biggest company in FTSE 100 and worth £113billion, is today finalising plans to move headquarters from UK to the Netherlands.#Leavers will say it has nothing to do with #Brexit. Everyone else knows better. 
Brexit is exercise in damage control for all involved, but especially for UK. With time running out, responsible, concrete solutions needed from UK gov asap, especially on border in Ireland. Parliament vote on detailed resolution outlines our position:  
As a life-long @UKLabour supporter, I too am struggling to see how I can vote for you again whilst you are seemingly supporting #BrexitA huge amount of support for you in #GE2017 was from the youth & #Remainers, but that is transferable with #ABTV in #LE2018 @chunkymark 
Regardless of the outcome of the Conor Lamb race it was clearly a referendum on Trump deep in the heart of Trump country.Conor be like...#BlueWave#ConorLamb#TheResistance#Resist 
SLAMMED: @davidkurten tears into Vince Cable over Lib Dem leader's remark that Brexit was fuelled by racism.'Brexit is about freedom and democracy, and taking back control of our laws, borders, trade and fishing.' 
On the assumption of the damage done by Brexit: "BBC News - Tax rises of £40bn 'needed by mid-2020s' to cut deficit  
If we really want to annoy Russia, we should cancel Brexit  
How can anyone call this democracy. It's like a football team fielding 18 players against 11. It's cheating the public. They really are a bunch of despicable, bent crooks.#Brexit  
We could get a say on the final Brexit deal - thanks to some small print and some very dedicated anti-Brexit campaigners:  
Nigel pretending to be patriotic, whilst simultaneously weakening the UK - and Europe - by doing Putin’s dirty work with Brexit.  
Resounding speeches from trio of Tories in Lords - Hailsham, Patten, Cormack - in favour of Parliament ‘taking back control’ through a ‘meaningful vote’ on #Brexit withdrawal/transition/framework future rels agreement & follow-up, stopping govt crashing out with no deal 
If the ‘Transition Agreement’ means we’re in the EU in every sense after March 2019 - except having a seat at the table and a voice... why wouldn’t we keep our voice and influence by extending our m’ship until the final deal is done in Dec 2020? #Brexit 
Have to say that after all this, feel the most enormous foreboding about a #Labour government on present lines. Similar to #Brexit worries. 
“The opportunity cost of Brexit” is a big term today. We just can’t get important health legislation through - or repeal key parts of 2012 Health & Social Care Act... because parliament blocked up with #Brexit stuff.#BrexitNHS 
In view of the shocking events in Salisbury surely the issue of Russian involvement in the EU referendum must be looked again? Only a second referendum would clear up the stench of Russian interference in the vote  
.@LiamHalligan: "Hammond should have outlined in more detail the preparations Britain is making to leave the EU, whether Juncker and his pals end up granting the UK a post-Brexit free trade agreement or not"  
Six in 10 Britons think Theresa May will fail to get good Brexit deal, exclusive new poll finds!  (the other four are really stupid).    #fo2eu 
A bit misleading. 41% want indyref2 within the next 3 years. For 22%, this is because of Brexit. Another 19% wanted one anyway. It looks like Brexit has made *quite* a big difference, even if not as much as the SNP might have hoped.  
#Brexit: Today the European Parliament voted with an overwhelming majority of 544 to 110 on a resolution to end the stalemate: An association agreement establishing a deep and special relationship between the EU and the UK  
Important #EPlenary in @Europarl_EN Strasbourg this week with the adoption of a new #Brexit resolution. We share the same analysis of the #UK’s red lines. 
A point too few MPs are making: Russia knowingly targeted Britain at a moment of weakness (Brexit and Trump). 
Brexit was driven by racists and sold on racism, and racism will be the driving principle of the plan that executes it. This is why I can't imagine an honest leftist supporter of Brexit. My assumption is anyone supporting Brexit is, openly or not, on board with hating immigrants.  
Brexit minister Lord Callanan refuses to confirm free movement of racehorses across EU after Brexit. So not clear that Cheltenham and Ascot will continue. Maybe royal assent will now be witheld from the EU Withdrawal Bill (!) 
You only have to listen to @Anna_Soubry @NickyMorgan01 and others Tory remainers contempt for Corbyn to know they would never bring down May over Brexit if it risked handing him power 
he also hated the Tories and actively spoke out about cuts to the NHS, Brexit and austerity but hey   
Head of Vauxhall says lack of clarity over Brexit threatens future of Ellesmere Port operation. Brexit is posing a threat to our industries & its workers - We should re-think Brexit, now we know more... Let's renew instead!  
There are some things even a great mind cannot comprehend. For Prof. Stephen Hawking it was Trump & Brexit.He was a #Remainer for the sake of science, naming FOM & research as well as for economic and security reasons, #RIPStephenHawking #StopBrexit 
Putin knows his only threat is an international effort against Russia.So he installed Trump.He funded Brexit.Divide and conquer.And we fell for it. 
Want to punish Russia for its foul deeds? Cancel Brexit. They paid good money for it. 
MUST-READ: consumer group Which? warns that flights to EU countries after March 2019 are at risk if there is no aviation deal in place.Brexit is not inevitable. As Brexit becomes clearer, people can take a different view.  
I see a lot of Brexiters are very unhappy with anyone who makes a connection with Hawking and Brexit. Well, dear Brexiters: Hawking made that himself. Repeatedly. So it clearly was very important to him in life. As far as I’m concerned we have a duty to remember it for that. 
2014 Scottish referendum didn't burst the independence balloon, as we know from the enduring 45-ish% support figure. Rather, it set 45% support as the future pre-campaign baseline, as against less than 35% pre-2014 campaign. Just stating the obvious, but so rarely said by media. 
Great video from our friends @OFOCBrexit - the pressure on Jeremy Corbyn from within his party to change his Brexit position continues to grow. Please RT:  
We are very concerned about today's reports of a capitulation by the Government over immigration during the Transition Period.Taking back control of our borders is a key part of Brexit! 
Brexit Britain looks pretty bloody bleak. If you voted Leave this is not the brexit you were promised. My statement on the  debate and vote in Strasbourg today.  
When we have left the EU I would very much like to see a number of EU energy measures repealed with a view to dismantling the wind industry - along with an investigation of its advocates who fiddled the numbers - and the politicians on their payroll. #Brexit 
May expected to escalate diplomatic stance against Russia by cancelling Donald Trump's visit to London! 
The greatest tribute we could pay to Stephen Hawking would be to #StopBrexit and use the cost of Brexit to fund the #NHS and improve the lives of our poor and disabled. 
Brexit is death by 1,000 cuts  
#PMQs"Highly Likely" Motives for the #Skripal poisonings on Sunday:-A cover up of how the Chris Steele #FakeDossier was producedStoke up anti Russia War FeverDistract from bad news at home (#Telford, #BrExit, polls etc.)#FalseFlag 
Has there ever been time when we SO needed the other European countries to support us? Brexit weakens Europe. Putin knows this. STOP BREXIT. 
Absolutely. If the EU plays politics with our mutual safety now they will regret it forever. Britain would and will stand with any EU ally when the same happens to them. This is not Brexit or Remain - this is #WeAreNATO @NATO @US_SOCEUR #partnerstrong 
Stephen Hawking leaves us with a dire warning on Donald Trump and #Brexit: 'We are at most dangerous moment in humanity' RIP 
.@MaryLouMcDonald describes report from North-South Human Rights Committee as "an important contribution to Brexit debate"  
I made a Brexit tea towel. Please feel free to RT if you think it’s nice   
#StephenHawking was, and quite rightly, placing #brexit in the wider context of the dangers of yielding to regressive forces. This is his quote:  
Katie Hopkins represents the Future if we do not unite to #StopBrexit & fight to defend all that was good in our country. The #Tory #Brexit is still likely whilst #Labour deny offering the Ppl a #FinalSayForAll & will leave us Poorer, Weaker, with Fewer Rights & Less Control. 
At #PMQs @IanBlackfordMP goes on the Westminster post Brexit power grab, reminding voters of the Conservatives’ long history of opposing Home Rule. 
Some #ABTV questions and answers for May 3rd:Are some Labour councillors pro Remain?》Yes.Does the Labour Leadership listen to them?》No.Will voting for them help stop Brexit?》No.Will NOT voting for them help stop Brexit?》Yes. By forcing Labour to rethink its position. 
“The only way to have enough money for the NHS is to ensure there’s a strong economy” says Prime Minister determined to torch economy with kamikaze Brexit. #PMQs 
A majority of Scots do not want a second referendum on Scottish independence in the next three years  
NB: Much as I'd obviously love people to support the Lib Dems, that's not the point. The point is: other anti-Brexit options are available; Labour isn't one of them.  
#ConorLamb is a direct referendum on .@realDonaldTrump - No more Hate- No more passes from Congress- No more lies- No more DJTA blue wave will hold Trump accountable & #impeach the fool! Elect leaders that will do the job the .@GOP won’t! #BlueWaveComing2018 #LOSER 
GOT THE GUT TOO Retweet this 
Lord Stevenson - Over half the channels licensed in the UK broadcast directly to overseas countries... these channels invest over a billion pounds in the UK.. if we don't reach a reciprocal agreement with EU  after #Brexit these jobs & investments will be lost.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Turkey says it's only against PKK not Kurds. But reality is shown by Turkish backed islamists burning Kurdish flags and tearing up picture of Barzani and Turkey opposing independence referendum. No difference for them between KDP PKK YPG or other Kurdish parties  
Constructive meeting on #Brexit this morning with @RobinSwannUUP and @JNicholsonMEP in Strasbourg. Necessary to find practical solutions to avoid a hard border on the island of Ireland. 
Democrat Conor Lamb rejects the idea that his strong showing in the Pennsylvania special election is a referendum on President Trump, who won the district by 20 percentage points in 2016  
The attempted Skripal assassination has opened a window onto Putin's support in the UK. Look for 'patriotic' windbags who are oddly silent. Or those on Right and Left frantically trying to deflect blame away from Rssia. They are Putin's tools. #StopBrexit #brexit #FBPE 
As fears grow over #Brexit impact, a new poll finds @theSNP support rises since #GE17 and support for an independent  up on #indyref 
Free mobile phone roaming across Europe. Is it going to continue after Brexit? One of key EU services issues in Lords debate on EU Withdrawal Bill underway for next 11 hours 
548 MEPs voted in support of GFA, rights protections & protocol on north of Ireland being included in BREXIT draft Withdrawal Agreement Political unionists position of deploring SF efforts to keep north in the single market & custom union overwhelming defeated  by 576 MEPs  
The people of Scotland are watching brexit carefully. We’ll work out what is in our interests, not be told it by the UK government or their apologists.  
The political class’s hysteria over Russia confirms it isn’t Brexit voters who are anti-evidence, paranoid, jingoistic and nostalgic for Empire — it’s them. Brendan O’Neill’s column: 
Reading the data, the headline could equally read: 41% want an Independence referendum and 46% would vote Yes. That's a pretty decent starting point for the next campaign!  
By 544 votes to 110, the European Parliament has just approved a resolution suggesting an association agreement as a framework for future EU-UK relations post-#Brexit. Any such framework must respect the integrity of the EU #singlemarket & four freedoms. #EPlenary 
Days before the 2016 referendum, I was campaigning in Birmingham and I met this gentleman with some very interesting concerns about the EU leading to Shariah law taking over the UK legal system.  
Waiting 4 someone 2 explain why UP by-polls are not a referendum on Modi ji and Amit Shh. 
New poll for STV shows support for Scottish independence at 48%; also found 59% of people aged 25 to 34 would vote Yes if referendum held tomorrow, and 57% of 16 to 24 year olds. 
Why can't Brexiters accept 'Democracy' only gave them an advisory referendum. #GetOverIt 
Here’s Professor Stephen Hawking on what will happen if Brexit isn’t stopped:  
.@theSNP maintain double digit poll lead. Support for independence up since  2014 #IndyRef. 48% of respondents would vote Yes if a referendum held tomorrow. Clear majority support for independence with under 55s The #Brexit penny is dropping.  
New poll for STV shows:@theSNP 13-points ahead in Westminster polling (up on GE17)Fewer than 1 in 8 people think Scotland's economy will be better off withBrexitSupport for indy up on 2014 at 48%, with majority support among under 55s 
Just 22% of Scots believe that Brexit should lead to #indyref2. @NicolaSturgeon has completely misread the public mood on this issue. 
7 of our top ten trading partners are in the EU. 8 are in the single market. Yet Brexit will remove us from both.#FBPE 
As if #Brexit wasn’t bad enough - Take it from a former British EU negotiator—May will regret destroying trust in these negotiations  via @prospect_uk 
First Spain's justice put @quimforn in preventive jail for organising a referendum. Then his release was forbid because he could be "politically reincident". Now he got Tuberculosis while in prison but the judge refuses his release. This is hate and revenge, but not justice. 
The UK economy is already being damaged by #Brexit. The impacts will only worsen. The public must be granted a chance to vote on the deal with an option to #ExitFromBrexit. 
'Point scoring'?  Brexit's not a game, Sheila. It is not about making petty little points or party politics or tribal loyalties or ancient feuds. It's about screwing up the future of this country to enrich the few at massive expense to the many. We all expect better of Labour.  
A little-known and little-noticed provision in the European Withdrawal Bill could be the key to triggering a referendum on any Brexit deal, writes @Andrew_Adonis  
Just a shoutout to the so-called Tory Brexit ‘rebels’ (Soubry, Allen, Grieve etc) for still voting to axe school meals for a million children...just goes to show, what a load of despicable crap they all are 
Another service we’ll lose. The CE mark is one of EUs best kept secrets. The Leavers failed to tell us that when they lied to the Brits. We can and must stop #Brexit #givusasayMrsMay #ExitFromBrexit 
Also on the right side of the argument about Brexit from the get-go. Unlike you, Jeremy.  
The OBR has revealed that Britain is set to pay 100s of millions of £s to the EU each year until 2064. All this, when Brexit plans will rob us of our EU membership: join us as we campaign to keep the UK in the EU with all its benefits  
Away from Salisbury, nerve agents and PMQs - Brexit negotiations on Ireland/ transition again in Brussels today after last week’s issues - time tight to get around impasse I reported on Monday:  
No they didn't. Only 26% of the British public voted for Brexit, and even then they didn't agree on what kind of Brexit they wanted.Why do Leavers always need to lie?#FBPE 
Jacob Rees-Mogg: "Let's fund the NHS that won't exist after Brexit with the dividend that won't exist after Brexit."#FBPE 
Acceleration of #Brexit negotiations ahead of March #EUCO. A lot of progress being made on #WA. And also on #EUCO guidelines. 9 days left. Stay tuned. 
We have a window of two years to achieve reforms. #Brexit was not followed by Nexit, Dexit or Frexit, but that doesn’t mean it’s not going to happen in the future; if we are in the incapacity to reform the EU. That is our common responsibility #FutureofEurope 
It is utterly unacceptable that any organisation seeking to enagage in this referendum campaign would use such clearly dishonest testimony. It is most revealing that they would do so. #ItsTime #Repealthe8th #8thref 
A great rolled-up thread on liar and traitor Nigel Farage."Here is a thread on Nigel #Farage. His lies, his fans, his friends, his campaigns worldwide... and a few questions. (1/41)2/ For a start, #B […]" @Hayleeee1848 #StopBrexit #FBPE #brexit 
Commiserations to all those council workers facing redundancies and having to apply for their own jobs because of the cuts by government to help fund Brexit #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Britain's #BrexitShambles divorce bill will not be paid off until 2064! We didn't see this on the side of a bus or in read it in any of the #Brexit Leave literature, did we? Time to call a halt to this and #RemainAndReform @GMB @The_TUC @BestForBritain 
Now the true implications of #Brexit are clear, the public must have a chance to vote on the deal with an option to #ExitFromBrexit. Weakened environmental standards, lower animal welfare standards, our NHS for sale and workers rights are all under threat with this government. 
I'm not much for conspiracy theories, but Craig Murray raises some good points here, and it sure is a very convenient timing to distract from the absolute shambles that Brexit is. 
There's a reason why I use this video. You cannot reach a Brexit voter by telling them Brexit would be bad. They're immune to #ProjectFear. You have to point out the avenues of hope. And then discuss the flaws in those paths. 
The Tories are about to flood the House of Lords with scores of new pro-Brexit peers to suffocate Brexit opposition. What this awful - evil even - party will do for its own interests knows no bounds. @DavidLammy @DanJarvisMP @johnmcdonnellMP @thomasbrake 
Hawking was also passionately anti-Brexit. I'm sure Corbyn meant to say that and probably just forgot. Happy to clarify.  
There is no reasonable doubt that Russia interfered with the United Kingdom’s EU referendum, and that the result was what Putin wanted. The most effective sanction that @theresa_may could impose on Russia would be to cancel Brexit.  
Hawking: “I warned before the Brexit vote that it would damage scientific research in Britain, that a vote to leave would be a step backward.”Brexiters: “We’ve had enough of experts!” 
It occurs to me that Russia is currently field testing the UK's resilience now it has helped incapacitate us with brexit.This isn't going particularly well for us, is it? 
Ultimately, historians will say this of Brexit: for too many politicians, journalists and business tycoons, personal enrichment and their careers were more important to them than speaking or writing the truth or doing what was right. And they'll never be forgiven. 
Iain Dale:“I was invited onto BBC a few weeks ago & it was going to be me versus 3 Remainers!So I said ‘well okay if you give me 50% of the air time & you give them 50% between them, I might consider it’@BBC said 'No, it would be unfair!'#Brexit #EU 
Since 2010 the Tories have taken over £2 million from 'Russian sources'. The Tory party knows no shame. It will take money from anyone. This is a party which feasts on money and lies. Now it is busy doing Putin's work forcing through Brexit & helping him to destabalise Europe.  
Wales will bear the brunt of Brexit as Westminster scrambles to protect London at all costs, writes @JonathanPlaid 
Absolutely! If Brexit ends up with higher prices for consumers, and therefore a lower quality of life for the British people, it's a failure. Here's how we can try to avoid that:#BrexitConsumers 
There we go, Tomkins, Green and co, fighting tooth and nail to remove powers from Scotland and reduce its ability to look after Scottish people.Give it a watch on @TrulyScottishtv#ContinuityBill #Brexit 
Bit of a myth developing that the division of powers under the Scotland Act was neat & straightforward until Brexit came along and messed it up. In truth, there are lots of overlaps and uncertainties, and all power is shared with Westminster. 150+ LCMs since 1999 attests to that.  
Gist of Scottish Tory arguments: No matter how bad #Brexit will be for Scotland the ‘integrity of the United Kingdom must not be put at risk’. For Tories, Scotland is expendable and can be sacrificed.  #ContinuityBill 
Good morning, @andrealeadsom On LBC you asserted that the British people voted OVERWHELMINGLY for #Brexit.When you go out and about to meet the people, you might wish to know that only one in four actually did.#StopBrexit 
Stephen Hawking was passionate about what a disaster Brexit is. BBC won’t acknowledge this today. It would be important to him that we do. 
"In a process with no winners, the [UK] government has nonetheless managed to ensure that it will be the undisputed loser."Me for @prospect_uk on UKGov's self-defeating burning of trust and goodwill in Brexit negotiations. via @prospect_uk 
Then sack Jeremy Hunt, start properly funding the NHS and change tack over Brexit. He campaigned actively for all of that.  
May insists: I will not imperil the Union by yielding to SNP Brexit demands 
The greatest British brain of our times was liberal, global minded, unconcerned with baubles and titles, anti-Brexit, principled and humane.  #StephenHawking 
I’ve been highlighting this for long time - confirmation SF are on the right track post-Brexit – reportPeople in North are entitled to EU citizenship and to vote in European elections post-Brexit, a north-south committee on humans rights has recommendeed 
My father fought throughout WW2. I'm sad he has to hear people who had no part in conflict try to hijack his generation's sacrifice to justify their views. His view on Brexit is that it's 'bloody stupid'. He voted Remain. 
READ: Ministers cannot give guarantee that cornish pasties & other protected status UK products will keep their protected status after Brexit. Please RT:  
Wrong assessment. #GorakhpurByPollResult is not a referendum on @myogiadityanath. He will still win the seat comfortable if he contests. @BJP4India's high command ignored Baba's choices & are paying the price for it. #UPByPolls 
THANK YOU ALL - by your action to get this petition to over 100k signatures, MP's will debate "the vote on the Brexit deal must include an option to remain in the EU" on April 23rd! I'll be outside HoC on that day - will you?  @Andrew_Adonis #FBPE  
Russia worked as hard for Brexit as it did to escape a Hillary presidency. If we really want to annoy Russia, nothing is stronger than suspending Brexit and strengthening the EU. When facts change, minds can change. #BetterTogether #StopBrexit #FBPE 
England has broken the 1707 act of unionScotland should declare it voidThen have a referendum on re-joining the UKUnionists would have to make good case for itWhich would be fun would`nt it 
RIP Prof Stephen Hawking CH CBE. A brilliant thinker and wonderful brave human being and dedicated European . Also my hero for his courageous critical stance on hard Brexit. My sincere condolences to his family. 
Police hunt down Facebook users who made ‘offensive’ remarks about Muslim grooming gangs  via @Your Brexit 
Thanks to the petition, Parliament will debate ‘vote on Brexit deal must include Remain option’ on 23 April.This is your big chance, MPs. Don’t fluff it.#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Self serving shameless lying scum Boris Johnson pontificating over Russia: His Brexit lies just to further his career will result in hugely diminished tax revenues taking money away from the NHS & will kill many more people in the UK than Russia ever will. pic.twitter.com/oJJArds2fm 
Stephen Hawking a man of great intellect understood that #Brexit was bad for the UK. He also fought for the NHS which fought for him. Our biggest tribute to him should be to remove the Govt that is underfunding the NHS and blundering through #Brexit. 
When you voted for Brexit, Did you vote for No Deal?Did you vote for literally "no deal" for the millions of Brits living in Europe who'll have to apply to national authorities just to stay in their own homes?Did you vote to reduce our EU trade to WTO rules? What are WTO rules? 
That’ll be the same Brexit that was going to save us £350 million a week?How the hell have they got away with this? 
'No SURRENDER!' British MEP fumes at EU's demands for a 'subservient' Britain after Brexit  
Good morning folks, I’m sure you’re all ready for another day of:Brexit bashing; Virtue signalling; Remainer whinging;Truth ignoring;Guilt swerving;PC conforming nonsense!Have a nice a day!  
Stephen Hawking on Brexit: “By remaining in the EU, we would have given ourselves more influence in the world, we would provide future opportunities for young people, but leaving Europe threatens Britain’s status as a world leader in science and innovation.” 
If you’re wondering why uber-patriot @Nigel_Farage has had nothing to say over the Russia situation, it’s because he’s been a useful idiot for years, Brexit is strategically important to the Kremlin, and he’s been busy retweeting known Russian disinformation actors instead.  
Not to be forgotten amid all the tributes to Stephen Hawking - his passionate defence of the NHS and his equally passionate views on the damage Brexit will do to science and to the country he loved. 
Stephen Hawking, writing in 2016, on Trump, Brexit, inequality and global elites  
More important than the headline: “The OBR also said that the government would not have any headroom for a “Brexit bonus.”  
Theresa May - here's a good sanction against Russia - cancel  Brexit! The Russians love Brexit as it weakens both us & the EU. They spent millions & created thousands of bots to persuade us to leave...telling them we've decided to remain would really p*** them off. #FinalSay 
This is an absolute joke, he’s meant to be impartial. If he’s not sacked it’s just evidence that politics is a complete farce. John Bercow faces backlash over 'b------- to Brexit' car sticker' | via @telegraph 
I like millions of others can't wait for brexit  
I know so many Brexiteers that would have just said "Oh, OK" if they had lost the referendum, but all of the attempts to reverse Brexit since have similarly entrenched them into their position. They see it now as a fight for democracy more than just an anti-eu gesture.  
Brexit in five stages:1. Fantasy2. Arrogance3. Bluster4. Incredulity5. Whining  
Next election will be a referendum between the state of Pakistan and those political elements who want to delegitimise Pakistani state  by weakening its institutions: Jan Achakzai on @DrDanish5 Show 
If we really want to annoy Russia, we should cancel Brexit  
Tory Brexiteer MP @patel4witham tells the Home Secretary @AmberRuddHR to “level with the nation” over her  post Brexit immigration plans as Migration Watch calls excuses for a  delay “absurd”  
Anyone care to take a bet on whether  John Humphrys will ask on @BBCr4today now about Stephen Hawkings’ views on Brexit? 
OBR's view "that Brexit would damage the UK’s public finances,wiping out any “dividend” from not making annual contributions to the EU Budget, still stands. And that’s based on the assumption the Brexit process is nice & smooth"Indeed.#brexitshambles 
(1) There is no such thing as unlimited mass immigration from tEU (nor anywhere else for that matter). (2) If Brexit vote wasn’t about getting rid of people like me, why a) have many like me been subject to hostile environment?b) left?(3) You don’t get to cherry-pick us.  
The money no longer sent to the EU will be used to fund things previously funded by the EU. Looks like the only #brexit dividend to be expected is an 8% drop in GDP and fewer nurses and doctors.  
The government response to our petition is shameful. All they offer is a choice between an inevitable bad Brexit deal or an even worse no deal. There must be an option to #Remain! Let’s gather in Westminster on 23 April to tell them! 
Another service we’ll lose. The CE mark is one of EUs best kept secrets. The Leavers failed to tell us that when they lied to the Brits. We can and must stop #Brexit #givusasayMrsMay #ExitFromBrexit  
RIP Stephen Hawking: right about Brexit, right about everything.  
Brexit: The UK is now experiencing the weakest growth since Clement Attlee was prime minister and the longest squeeze in living standards since the Napoleonic wars. Thousands of people now sleep on the streets while more than a million food bank parcels are handed out every year 
Oh, Brexit. #StopBrexit#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Good morning Manchester United fans. How was your night? It was interesting to see Piano FC sticking to their Brexit plan and exiting Europe at Old Trafford to Sevilla.Chelsea fans don’t get too comfortable. You will be praying for Mercy when Messi & Co. descend on you later. 
Interesting. But missing a key fact. The indyref2 case was to play out over a five year parliament and we would see the folly of Brexit unfold. But the snap election blew that apart and telescoped the time frame. Still time for SNP to be right.  
A sane British government or opposition would now be making the case that Russian aggression and Trump's trade war now make Brexit impossible.Sadly, that would require a British government and opposition that Russia doesn't already have its claws in. 
WE NEED THE BIGGEST DEMO WHITEHALL HAS EVER SEEN ON 23 APRIL 2018:  “Parliament is going to debate the petition you signed – “Parliament's vote on the Brexit deal must include an option to remain in the EU.” The debate is scheduled for 23 April 2018. 
Remoaners are kidding themselves if they think another referendum would reverse the result of the last one.  As long ago as last October,  even remain voters like the Health Secretary were  converting  to Leave. .  
That said, if past special elections are any indication, Lamb would probably have done better campaigning on a more progressive platform. This election is a referendum on the GOP tax bill, not his platform. 
#Pennsylvania #SpecialElection IS a referendum on @realDonaldTrump.  Everyone wants to BE him! Even the #democrats! #saccone #lamb #PennsylvaniaVoteRED 
Yup. People don’t always like to hear this. But this is true. It’s a referendum on Trump.  
Watching all of Republicans make excuses for this election brings such joy to my heart.  “It’s not a referendum. That’s not how this works,” Is my favorite. From +20 to -1 is a loss. A referendum is what this is and that is exactly how this works.Enjoy November.#PA18 
This election was a referendum on the needle. 
It’s a referendum against the traitors that sold our country to Russia and Putin. 
If you voted for Brexit, you voted to help Putin carry out his plan for Europe and not ours. #FBPE 
Chris Christie: Pennsylvania special election "isn't really a referendum on Donald Trump. This is a referendum on Rick Saccone." #PA18LIVE COVERAGE:  
With growing aggression from Russia this is the time for greater international cooperation, mutual support and shared values.Vote Brexit - get Putin.#FBPE 
#Horrific Catalonia's Interior Minister @QuimForn has contracted tuberculosis in the Madrid prison where he has been held AWAITING trial for 131 days for helping organize a referendum. And the judge won't let him out to get medical treatment. #RogueSpain 
Tonight is a referendum on the "president" in a +20 GOP district. Don't let anyone dissuade you of this fact. 
So basically the MSM narrative is if Conor Lamb wins, it's a referendum on President Trump, but if Rick Saccone wins, it's a ruby red district and he was supposed to win. #PA18 
UNOFFICIAL RESULTS ARE IN . . . .NB's REFERENDUM PASSES   NB'S REFERENDUM PASSES   NB'S REFERENDUM PASSESThank you all for your support.   It takes a village to educate our children.  THANK YOU  
One of the 24 devolved powers Westminster intends to retain after Brexit: Hazardous substances planning.“Planning controls relating to the storage of hazardous substances and handling development proposals for hazardous establishments."Is this why?  
New official data indicates that Britain will be paying its Brexit divorce bill for 45 years after leaving the EU – until 2064. This is your kids future in dept for the rest of their life's. You have an option you decide.  
This is James, a self declared "socialist for #Brexit"However James seems to have forgotten international solidarity of workers at the core of socialism.James only values foreigners by what they can contributeHe thinks many of them are parasitesJames is a strange socialist  
You mean, like when Labour voted down 111 SNP amendments to Smith Commission Bill? Like that? If you had been a bit more magnanimous, perhaps we'd have more powers & wouldn't be fighting to keep what we HAVE! Ye reap what ye sow! You're absolutely right, Brexit bill is NONSENSE! 
Nigel faragski putins #brexit pride and joy  
.Not a bad explainer of why Sinn Féin won't be taking their seats in Westminster any time soon.... or ever(He must've forgotten to mention that Brexit will help Sinn Féin achieve their goal of a United Ireland, though). 
When Skepta says ‘Brexit means Brexit’ I’ll know we’ve lost him forever. 
Note "right-to-work" will be an explicit issue in some places this November: unions organized a veto referendum on Missouri's new "right-to-work" law. (It's the state's first veto referendum since 1982)  
The #Brexit scam leaves this country weakened, isolated and virtually powerless in the wake of a resurgent and revengeful Russian regime.   Nailed by @anneapplebaum 
Mrs May is systematically trashing the UK’s constitution, all because Brexit means Brexit. The Courts are our last line of defence, so please, please make a pledge in support of #A50Challenge 
I hope the right wing Institute for Economic Affairs has done due diligence on its new arrivals from the hard Brexit backing Legatum Institute & has asked questions about its demise. 
A friend made a good point to me this evening when we were talking about threats to democracy in the West eg Trump etcWhen Brexit is a disaster - as it seems bound to be - its supporters will blame “others” for the failure. They will say country has been “stabbed in the back”... 
The challenge is on!! Can you out-do Commons Speaker John Bercow with his "Bollocks to Brexit" sticker?!Get your stickers here: Then stick 'em, snap 'em, and post 'm on social media with #BollocksToBrexit 
"rather than creating a bandwagon in favour of independence, Brexit served to expose a fissure in the nationalist movement that Nicola Sturgeon has struggled to straddle."  Decent read ....  
Theresa May had a plan to avoid dealing with the thorny issue of Brexit.She pulled a few strings, made a few calls and arranged to have the entire UK obliterated in an incendiary ball of thermonuclear light.A harder Brexit than most people had wanted.But finally some closure. 
Students at the University of Minnesota backed a referendum on Sunday calling on the university to divest from companies complicit in Israeli violations of international law.  
I've seen a lot in my political years but I can honestly say I've never been more afraid for the future of the UK & our democracy....What is wrong with our politicians that they can't see that by winning #Brexit we lose all our values! Why can't Labour see what they're party to? 
#Brexit irony nr. 382Brexit's been handled so badly that British under30s - usually a group mostly uninterested in things EU - are now some of most pro european young in EU & almost guarantees a "join the EU" movement will succeed in a few years - that is if we still leave. 
Imagine if UK, US and EU were already delivering a coordinated response to the Salisbury attack.  One of the consequences of choosing Trump and Brexit is chosing to do foreign policy much more on your own. 
Our @Nigel_Farage as vladimir Putins very own #brexit mouthpiece LORD HAW HAWSKI  
If we really want to annoy Russia, we should cancel Brexit  
‘UK will be paying Brexit 'divorce bill' until 2064, says Treasury watchdog’By which time 90% of people who voted for Brexit will be dead, and 100% of the people will still be paying the price.  
If they get away with this it will be beyond all doubt that the Tories no longer can claim any democratic credibility...this is becoming an electoral dictatorship...they & their #Brexit must be stopped if we are ever to get back to being a country worthy of its former reputation. 
Personally, I’d say the EU were our closest allies in this mad new world of Trump.Now is not the time to split from our dear neighbours.Russia WANTS Brexit.  They’ve worked hard for it.  Anyone with an ounce of sense would stop Brexit now.#Russia 
Lying of the most blatant kind. The OBR and the OECD have made it clear that Brexit hits the economy. This is deliberate deception.  
Just shy of five hours in, @SP_FinCon have knocked off for the evening. Scores on the doors for ScotGov's Brexit bill - 2 amendments agreed, 49 rejected, 15 withdrawn. 165 amendments still to come, when we return at 8am tomorrow  
The Psychology of Brexit is arrogance and self-importance accompanied by a crippling victim complex.  
The tide has turned. I'm listening to the pub bores slagging off #brexit 
Good analysis on the Skripal nerve agent attack. Brexit weakens the UK and us on the international stage. Tomorrow we will vote in the @Europarl_EN how to continue our cooperation on security and defence after Brexit.  
Tories vote to cut free school meals in England; the only minority they have ever represented are the well off and privileged. They will do unspeakable damage under #Brexit. And at some point a clear majority of Scots will realise its time for Scotland to go her own way. 
Giles & Mary on Gogglebox.....Brexit is like putting sugar in a petrol tank just completely stalled the country.  Well said. What a superb metaphor. #Brexit #Gogglebox #Remain 
'No SURRENDER!' British MEP fumes at EU's demands for a 'subservient' Britain after Brexit - Express  
Awesome  video. Vote for Brexit chaos... and your life will become an effortless oasis of gold. #PassTheSnakeOilCheers 
There will be no Brexit dividend. Every study and report shows a negative outcome for Britain's economy. You are flanneling the British public. How much will you make from Brexit personally? 
Show me one tiny jot of evidence, anywhere...anything at all...that there will be a ‘Brexit dividend’.  Go on. 
Never forgiving the LibDems is bizarre. They made mistakes but Labour took us into an illegal war and the Tories have plated up Brexit. FFS, the LibDem mistakes are small beer by comparison and nobody stops voting for the other idiots. 
Brexit means Brexit. 
If controlled immigration was in the slightest bit important to the Brexit Tories they wouldn’t have let in 263,000 non-EU immigrants last year but if you listen to them you’d think that they were poor victims of the EU who force them to keep immigration doors open. Manipulation 
One thing comes out of the so-called poisoning scandal in #Salbury clearly: having totally messed up the #Brexit talks Theresa May's government is now creating distractions to cover up its grotesque incompetence. 
Irish Supreme Court yesterday decided on the wording of its questions to the ECJ about the impact of Brexit on the European Arrest Warrant - also asked ECJ to fast track this case -  
Our politicians believe they are insulated. Brexit was the safety value but anger building again. They remind me of the little pigs in a straw house , the big bad wolf isn’t happy with any of them !  
Stop killing and call a referendum now and let the people decide, #EndOccupation @narendramodi 
Cost of #Brexit : No wonder people ask #IsItWorthIt ...! 
I say it again. With a sensible person in charge of @UKLabour, who could be clear and fight for what they think is right, who would not keep dropping the ball, we could be free of the Tories and free of Brexit. Corbyn has had his day, he is nice but he really has. 
Perfect solution to the mess we're in.If we really want to annoy Russia, we should cancel Brexit  
.You KNOW Brexit is a terrible idea when a Unionist goes to court to get a judicial review to prevent the Tories from blocking a border poll on a United Ireland...... 
Even ignoring a healthier world economy, Brexit means an economy around 4.5% smaller by 2022 than it would have been. Lower wages, fewer jobs, continued poverty and £680m a week less tax revenueIt's about time the British Labour Party woke up and resisted Brexit for the Many  
At a time when the British press has embarrassed itself with the most appalling lies and distortions about #Brexit , #Trump , #Russia , #Yemen , #Ukraine , #Afghanistan , paedophile gangs and corruption in politics hacks are given #PressAwards Talk about a feast during a plague. 
The NHS clearly needs more money, let’s fund it from the Brexit dividend  
There is no Brexit dividend and there never will be.   
Did you vote for Brexit? I'd like to ask you, given this week's events in Salisbury, if we are really strong enough to go it alone? If not, who are our friends? Trump, Putin, Xi JinPing, or Merkel & Macron? Can we still take the peace for granted that we have enjoyed since 1945? 
Unilever are moving their HQ to Rotterdam.Nothing to do with Brexit ... of course   
The rise of Juncker's top aide Martin Selmayr shows why the EU's days are numbered:  #Brexit 
Worth reading by @anneapplebaum in WaPo on the side-effects of Brexit tht Brits aren’t talking about - In leaving the EU, we leave the solidarity of a powerful block. The nerve agent attack on British soil, she writes, has exposed London’s isolation  
If HMG wants to outsmart Russia it should cancel #Brexit, rebuild ties across the EU and deny Putin his victory. If May doesn’t have the courage to lead, perhaps she should hand over the reins to someone with guts & integrity. Something sadly lacking in both main parties.  
“They achieved the impossible!” Northern Irish MEP mocks  President Juncker’s EU Commission for yet another Brexit blooper, which united the whole of the UK and Ireland  
It's official, the UK is a REMAIN MAJORITY country.  Even the Brexit Broadcasting Corporation have admitted it now.  
The last time Britain was a superpower was the 19th Century. So if Putin ignores Theresa May's midnight ultimatum then let's send minister for the 19th Century @Jacob_Rees_Mogg to Russia for a duel with the blighter. The EU is busy with Brexit  
Hey Brexit fans, this is threatening.  Politely reminding someone that if you leave a club, you can no longer benefit from membership, is not.  Also, this is the reality of ‘global Britain’, it means friendless, isolated and vulnerable Britain.  
You know, "The Lib Dems are anti-Brexit but I really hate the Lib Dems so Labour *must* be anti-Brexit" doesn't actually work as an argument. Either admit that you're supporting a pro-Brexit Labour party, or support the Greens/Plaid/SNP/whoever is actually anti-Brexit. 
“If politicians fail to enact Brexit they will trash democracy for a generation. And to sacrifice British democracy in order to save the EU is a really terrible trade-off.” I despise the Brextremists who insists on getting what wasn't on the ballot paper.  
Something the UK govt & Brexiters fail to understand, at the expense of us all. #Brexit  
Strong public support for UK over #Salisbury. Amid principled arguments abt #Brexit this reminds us that the values which underpin and unite the European democracies  
In 2014 Tories estimated that Scotland leaving the EU would cost 80,000 jobs however today the UK Chancellor has only allocated funding of £37M in 2018/19 to cover Brexit costs in Scotland, a mere 2.5% of the UK total. That's what a NO vote actually meant.#ScotRef 
Next stop is Washington DC where I’m talking at the Brookings Institution about Ireland’s place in the world, Brexit and the Good Friday Agreement #stpatricksday 
So a baby born today will be paying for Brexit until he/she is 46 years old. And that's just the divorce bill, not the extra debt that'll be needed to cover the economic damage.Brexit will be an albatross around the necks of the blameless young.#FBPE 
If Philip Hammond knows Brexit will be bad for Britain and it’s almost certain he does his lack of honesty with the British people is unforgivable.  
Scrap #Brexit Scrap Austerity Scrap the Conservatives Scrap The Daily Mail Scrap Katie Hopkins Scrap Nigel Farage Scrap Tommy Robinson Make Britain Great Again. 
Thing is #Brexit isn't just about weakening our economy, it's also about having Rights removed, about separating ourselves from our closest neighbours & friends, all of whom share a common set of values & a cultural inheritance & it's about binning 40 yrs of diplomacy 4 nothing?!  
Can we stop calling it the abortion referendum please? It's not exclusively about abortion, it's also about giving pregnant women the bodily autonomy to make decisions and have a choice in what care they receive 
New BREXIT stamps out tomorrow.  
UK will keeping paying for Brexit until 2064 while the divorce bill will cost us £37.1bn warns Treasury watchdog.Didn’t see that written on the side of the bus.Let’s #StopBrexit and fund our NHS instead. 
So Speaker of the House John Bercow has a sticker saying “Bollocks to Brexit” on his car. This really does sum up the arrogant contempt of the parliamentary establishment for the largest democratic vote in British history. To the elites, democracy is a pest.  
‘B****** to Brexit’: Commons Speaker Bercow called to resign over anti-Brexit sticker. Odious little creep!  
Who knows what the #Tories are cooking up, but if they don't get a deal, then #Article50 must be withdrawn - please sign this petition and RT.#StopBrexit #isitworthit #FBPE #FinalSay #StopBrexitSaveBritain #TuesdayThoughts #Brexit  
Use #Brexit to end fur imports, celebrities including Judi Dench, @RickyGervais and @andy_murray urge @theresa_may  @Independent ~ @Protect_Wldlife @PeterEgan6 @_AnimalAdvocate @Lionheart0075 
Brexit wouldn't be happening if Going for Gold was still on, claims Henry Kelly -  #NiNews 
Brexit will not save the UK money, says OBR.There is no “Brexit dividend”. Brexit will damage our economy, government reports show. And it will cost us money until 2064, predicts budget watchdog.Let’s #StopBrexjt and fund our NHS instead. 
So let's get this straightWe will paying the brexit divorce bill until I'm 89 years old?No bloody thanks#StopBrexit #Remain #FBPE #ABTV #WATON 
.@Nigel_Farage has the latest on Brexit and more live from Strasbourg. Watch now: #FarageOnLBC 
The Speaker has a message in the window of his car; “Bollocks to Brexit”. Bercow has let it be known that he might want to stay past his promised 2018 departure date “to oversee Brexit”. Bollocks to that, Bercow… 
The European Commission president has sent a dire warning to the UK over Brexit: “You will regret your decision.” Read more:  
The Editor of Reporting Scotland is now treating the BBC's own formal complaints system with contempt.View the response to a complaint after Glenn Campbell inaccurately said Ruth Davidson had *always* opposed walking away from Brexit talks with no deal. 
 Telling & heartbreaking response in today’s @SP_HealthSport from Prof Dame Anna Dominiczak, who was asked by a colleague following the #Brexit vote if she would now ‘go home’? Home has been Scotland for 20yrs +   
The OBR forecasts mediocre growth for the next 5 years - very disappointing given the favourable context of faster growth in the EU.2018 1.5%2019 1.3%2020 1.3%2021 1.4%2022 1.5%#Brexit is making us poorer than we could have been.#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit 
"We voted two years ago to leave this sclerotic union. Any document that includes ECJ oversight and doesn’t take back control of our fishing waters is unacceptable." #Brexit  
Britain will be paying its Brexit “divorce bill” for 45 years after leaving the EU – until 20641st time the UK’s fiscal watchdog has set out how Britain would pay the bill EU is demanding UK pay to meet its liabilities 
Barnier FURY: Frenchman blasts UK for 'closing doors' to Europe through Brexit red lines. Don’t you want to sell Peugeot, Citroen, Renault, BMW, Audi,VW, Mercs etc to the UK?  
BREXIT news: Splits emerge in European Parliament as Guy Verhofstadt goes AGAINST Tusk  
UK will be paying Brexit 'divorce bill' until 2064, says Treasury watchdog.The OBR puts the cost of the financial settlement with Brussels at £37.1bn, which we will still be paying in 45 years.Let’s #StopBrexit and fund our NHS instead. #FBPE. 
Like Brexit and the election of Donald Trump, Italy's election result was a thundering rejection of the establishment  
Things the public are interested in: the Brexit powers row.Things the public are not interested in: Tory MSP Graham Simpson. 
'BE AWARE!' Proud Brexiteer @DianeJamesMEP  issues stern warning to 'bullying' EU over Brexit demands    
Leading poll expert Sir John Curtice says Nicola Sturgeon appears to have misjudged the public mood over Brexit 
There isn’t a mandate to Leave the SM. Caller Tells Andrea Leadsom: “A Hard Brexit Is NOT The Will Of The People!”  
It's criminal. Brexit is a disaster of epic proportions. What the hell is happening to the uk? Small minded xenophobia has become a plague. The major parties are leading us all off a cliff. (Thanks a bunch Labour)  
Britain doesn’t fear leaving the EU. It is the EU that fears Britain succeeding when we leave. My latest speech on #Brexit 
Tory MSP Graham Simpson says "the public is not in the least bit interested" in the Brexit powers row. "No-one outside of the Holyrood bubble is following any of this". Wishful thinking from this Tory. Problem for him and his party we are and it means the end of the Union!  
Ian Blackford points out the UK isn't prepared for Brexit - and gets HECKLED by the Tories for it. 
I think he’s right. Austerity was a political, even an ideological choice. So is the Brexit he has supported all his life & is facilitating now. The only difference is it will be far more damaging to the poor.  
Kassam in Paris: Slams Russia Brexit Inquiry, Receives Death Threat from Remainer on the Eurostar   
UK will be paying Brexit 'divorce bill' of tens of billions until 2064. All to get a far worse trade deal than the UK has now. The poorer trade deal will add billions to businesses costs and consumer shopping baskets every year, for years to come.  
Sally Bercow has put a poster in window of her car parked in Westminster saying: Bollocks to Brexit.'  A new low even by her standards 
Was this on the ballot paper @theresa_may and @Conservatives ?Did people know they were voting for this as well? To be a poorer, weaker, isolated island with illusions of grandeur. What a sad end for this country and its 65million citizens.Better solution, stop Brexit.  
 Today's #SpringStatement has failed to change course on the economy, meaning we face more damaging cuts to public services and a job-destroying Brexit. Here's the SNP response.  
I wonder what elderly Brexit voters think about this, in quiet moments away from Brexit bravado. They won't be around to pay this bill. They're forcing it on their grandkids, who want to stay. I feel bad & I voted Remain. How must they feel? #FinalSay 
Jacob Rees-Mogg is such a brilliant communicator.His explanation to @bbcnickrobinson of why a second EU referendum would be incredibly dangerous for our democracy is a must-listen ↓  
Brexit, a badly written sitcom:1/ protagonists’ incompetence too unconvincing to maintain credibility2/ at end of each episode, underdogs’ despair remains agonisingly unchanged and overwhelmingly predictable3/ it’s not funnyLet’s cancel it  
The U.K. is now where Russia does its dirty work with a Brexit-stricken government too weak to do anything about it  
"There's more than me!" shouts @AlexNeilSNP when the @ScotTories call him out as the sole Brexit voice in the @theSNP .  Do tell Alex! 
OBR Says Brexit Liabilities Only £2.5 Billion Compared to £500 Billion Cost of Remaining  
 Jonnie Marbles has come up with the perfect idea: cancel Brexit. It’ll make us less dependent on the whims of Trump & if anything, strengthen the economy. Steps towards EU unity annoy the hell out of Putin. 
We'll be paying for Brexit until 2064, in return for a worse relationship with the EU than we have now. Remember those Leave campaigners who said any talk of a 'divorce bill' was just more 'Project Fear'?  
Friends! A shrewd prophecy!The UK will regret leaving Our EU after Brexit!Not merely will we no longer be able to invest >£350bn gross/year in Our EU Budget, but we won't even be given the opportunity to vote for Our Druncker, Our Guy, or Our Barnier!Talk about deprivation!  
Fine short piece by @SamuelMarcLowe explains why rules of origin matter hugely for Brexit. If we don't stay in a customs union, these rules will clobber UK companies:  @CER_EU 
And these polls before Hammond tried to serve up years of Brexit-induced misery with a jaunty smile and a few jokes   
I'm guessing that many old nostalgic leave voters, don't give two hoots about screwing the young over again.UK will be paying Brexit 'divorce bill' until 2064, says Treasury watchdog  
When I get old and I’m losing my hairMany years from nowWill I still be paying off the Brexit BillBoris, Rees Mog, bottle of pillsIf we vote out till I’m 83Borders at the portWill EU still need usWill EU still hate us in 2064    
This has got brexiters in a tizzy. Well done Mr BercowBercow’s ‘bollocks to Brexit’ sticker disgraces his office  StopBrexit #StopBrexitSaveBritain #FBPE #WATON #ExitBrexit #BrexitReality #BrexitImpact #BrexitChallenge #FinalSay #FinalSayForAll 
A Brexit speech by Vince Cable where the Lib Dem leader appeared to accuse Leave voters of being driven by racism, has sparked calls to the police to investigate allegations of a hate crime  
Between Brexit and austerity, Britain is in a terrible state that will take years to correct. #SpringStatement . 
SPOT ON!!! - If we really want to annoy Russia, we should cancel Brexit / #EU #Brexit #RussianSpyPoisoning  
Astonishing. And there’s not even a sniff of an independence referendum.  
It's always a "referendum on Trump" until Democrats don't do as well as expected, then it's no longer a "referendum on Trump".  
Tory MSP Graham Simpson says "the public is not in the least bit interested" in the Brexit powers row. "No-one outside of the Holyrood bubble is following any of this".  
Belfast solicitors @madden_finucane taking Judicial Review in Dublin challenging fact that Irish citizens living in Northern Ireland won't be able to vote in 8th Amendment abortion referendum @BBCNewsNI @mlchealth @CathSmyth1 
New piece for @CER_EU on Brexit and rules of origin. Because it is what the people want.  
Brexit opponents have been amply vindicated on two points: 1. That a Leave vote would further embolden Russia. 2. That the Irish border would be an intractable problem. 
#Brexit won't take place, I expect Theresa May to make a speech in next days for unity with Europe (a return in EU ranks) in light of "Russian aggression".Tories never wanted to leave the #EU, most of them continue to falsely say that it was a Putin's plot.Tories = #NWO 
Those big populist Lib Dem pledges in full:- Raise taxes- Boycott the World Cup- Another Brexit referendum  
There's a big Brexit-shaped hole where the government's intellectual property policy should be  
Given the security situation combined with the economic outlook, including the OBR news it will take until 2064 to clear existing EU financial commitments, it appears there is no way a British Parliament or Government can, in good conscience or the public interest, pursue Brexit. 
Brexit and rules of origin: why free trade agreements ≠ free trade. 
Remind us: where exactly in the referendum campaign were we told *this*? What on earth are we saddling our younger generations with? More reason to give us a #Voteonthedeal please. #Brexit #DivorceBill #OBR 
Ok so in a 2nd Referendum Vote Leave would have to campaign on the following facts:- £40BN exit bill- other fees payable to EU until 2064- UK GDP down by 8%- Hard Border in N Ireland - no Brexit dividend, no £350m/week to NHSHmm I wonder who would win? 
Britain will be paying Brexit 'divorce bill' until 2064 - by which point those who were 18 at the time of the vote will be 66  
My Latest:Islamophobia has become Putin's geostrategic weapon of choice, and these anti-Muslim social media posts not only helped Trump and Brexit, but also ignited the genocide in Myanmar and is preparing the groundwork for another in Bosnia. 
UK will keeping paying for Brexit until 2064 while the divorce bill will cost us £37.1bn warns Treasury watchdogThe OBR said it still lacked a 'meaningful basis to predict the precise outcome of the current negotiations with the EU'#StopBrexit #FBPE 
And all this for what? To get rid of people like me and have blue passports? Well done, Britain, well done. It's a masterpiece of "dumb doesn't get any dumber than this".  Britain will be paying Brexit 'divorce bill' until 2064, Treasury watchdog says  
The growth forecasts the Chancellor announced today are all substantially down from before the Brexit vote. The UK is already poorer because of Brexit. #LeaveWatch 
It’s time for businesses to step-up and expose the truth of what #Brexit will do to our economy.  
Sir Nick Clegg says that central government is paralysed by Brexit and local government is paralysed by spending cuts.  
Is it me, or is Vince Cable doing his best to dress like a Russian spy today ?#Brexit & #LeaveEU 
"The Russians are growing more brazen with their attacks on British soil and Brexit threatens to tear the country apart for generations. What do you think the government should focus on in the next election, Quentin?""ELECTROCUTE MORE DOGS"  
Yes Clinton wasn’t a good candidate. Yes her remarks in India were tone deaf. But ‘18 is referendum on Trump not rehash of ‘16 
My new @DailyWireLive article highlights the new @prageru video hosted by @Nigel_Farage: "Brexit: Why Britain Left The European Union"  
If you voted Leave over fisheries catching sector, this is not the brexit you were promised. They lied to you, but we can still turn it round.  
If we really want to annoy Russia, we should cancel Brexit. Me, again 
We want the government to deliver a Brexit that puts consumers first, and we are ready to help them do it. Tomorrow, we launch our Consumer Charter for Brexit, which will set out our views on ensuring consumers get the best deal. But what matters to you? #BrexitConsumers 
Things which I thought might kill Brexit:Lies exposed Foreign influence exposed Economic harm exposed Unity of UK threatened UK attacked by foreign power I’ll say this for Brexit: it’s a resilient little bastard! 
"Thousands more tweets targeting the UK from Russian accounts have been unearthed by the Press Association." (Reported in various press today).The 2016 referendum was, without doubt, corrupted. We can't continue to allow this to be buried. More here: 
Why is it important to vote against Brexit on May 3rd?#ABTV 
There is an untapped energy, anger, concern and passion in Scotland on Brexit. It needs a political lead to halt Brexit  
John Bercow faces backlash over 'B******* to Brexit' car sticker  
BONKERS: Bumper Brexit bill means UK would still be handing EU money until 2064. No Deal, no Brexit bill.  
Chancellor tells @Jacob_Rees_Mogg that there is no sign of a Brexit dividend: ‘the OBR have assumed that any saving from a lower contribution to the EU will ... fund things that would have been funded but will no longer be so.’ 
BREXIT REALITY - Britain will be paying off its Brexit divorce settlement until 2064, it was revealed today. Is this the "taking back control" you voted for,,,, WELL DONE BREXITERS 
.@Jacob_Rees_Mogg asks the Chancellor - is the NHS at the top of the list of things the Government will choose to spend the Brexit dividend on?  
Britain will be paying Brexit 'divorce bill' until 2064, Treasury watchdog says  
The Chancellor's #SpringStatement has failed to change course on the economy - meaning we face yet more damaging cuts to public services and a job-destroying Brexit, outside the Single Market.  
#SpringStatement none-event. #economy bumping on bottom. #Brexit undermining #Growth now slowest in G20. No tax windfall to spend. Have to accept #tax increases to pay for #NHS and social care, police and schools. 1p increase in income tax. Scrap post 2015 cuts in CGT and  IHT. 
Another reason why Brexit was/is such a bad idea. The UK burns bridges with its EU allies in an increasingly unstable world, at at time when the 'special relationship' couldn't be more perilous. Even more difficult for May to push for unified Western response. #Russia #Skripal 
As the economic cost of Brexit continues to bite, with falling real wages, slow growth and high inflation, and a huge divorce bill in return for a worse relationship with the EU, we are all entitled to ask whether this is the right path for the country. 4/4 
BREXIT REALITY - "If you ever wondered what you would have done OR WHAT IT WOULD BE LIKE during the rise of fascism in 1930’s Europe, look around, ITS HAPPENING right now." 
UK Tory Gov Spring Statement continues austerity by choice, fails to address Brexit threat, does nothing on NHS pay, fails to progress Scottish city deals, confirms low economic growth, then short-changes Scotland on Brexit monies! #dissapointed #missedOpportinity 
.@IanBlackfordMP for @theSNP lists the economic realities; Tory mismgmt means UK now has slowest growth of any advanced economy: wages are squeezed & productivity & GDP growth forecasts slashed even before #Brexit #impactassessments#SpringStatement 
Shorter OBR: “we were right” re Brexit forecasts...Lower migration, higher inflation, consumer spending down, business investment down, net trade boost from £ fall#experts 
When a government sees an impending threat to the people in its care, it fails in its duty if does nothing to remove that threat. My speech in Plenary this morning #Brexit  
Bercow's car displays 'BOLLOCKS TO BREXIT' sticker.Time for him  to resign. via 
During a key debate in EP today I explained that the current British position, dictated by the DUP, is political lunacy, that would harm unionist workers, students, businesses and farmers as much as their republican counterparts. #Brexit  
Text of @AlynSmith 's blistering speech on Brexit this morning. There really is still time to change course!Video here:  
Brill OBR chart on how the Brexit bill works over next 50 years. Until 2030, UK rakes in cash, as assets in the form of UK-backed loans via the EIB and other programs are repaid.And then the bumper Eurocrat pension bill kicks in.  
Brexit: we continue to base our forecasts on broad-brush assumptions regarding the UK leaving the EU, but there is now sufficient clarity to estimate the size of the ‘divorce bill’ #SpringStatement 
We’ll be handing cash over to EU till 2064 says @OBR_UK - and that is just on basis of our Brexit divorce settlement and does not include any new commitments @Theresa_may may yet make 
So much for the "Brexit dividend"  
Good news: the OBR forecasts we will stop paying our Brexit bill in 2064 
Punishing Putin while continuing with #Brexit is like fining someone £200 while gifting them £2 million. #StopBrexit #FBPE #Skripal 
MUST-WATCH: we now know we'll be paying billions to the EU until 2064 for a worse relationship than we have now.Brexiters told us that we wouldn't pay a penny. As new facts come to light about Brexit, people have every right to change their minds.Please RT:  
"There will be no downside to Brexit, only a considerable upside" - David Davis  
Those who dismissed economic fears before Brexit as 'Project Fear' are......now those saying that those economic fears meant voters voted with eyes open. 
£1.5bn allocated for Brexit preparations but no sign of that £350m extra a week for the NHS #SpringStatement 
As the govt has confirmed that #Brexit will be damaging, surely those that don't want to #Brexit should be given an option to opt out of it. Job losses should only apply to #Leavers and #Leavers should only be able to see British doctors, dentists, pharmacists etc. Seems fair 
.@eloisetodd: This is why we're taking David Davis to court for a Brexit referendum lock  
Laughter from Opposition benches as Hammond praises “substantial progress” in Brexit negotiations 
Very interesting .... "Broadcasters do not have to adhere to a strict 50:50 split in airtime between both sides in a referendum debate, the Broadcasting Authority of Ireland (BAI) has said."  via @IrishTimes 
Worth comparing OBR growth forecast now compared to what was projected before the EU referendum:    March ‘16 / March ‘182018:  2.1% / 1.5%2019:  2.1% / 1.3%2020:  2.1% / 1.4%In each of the three years growth is forcecast to be far lower - thanks to Brexit#NewBrexitFacts 
This could all be stopped. Brexit is the United Kingdom shooting itself in the foot.  
Fantastic! Bercow has a "Bollocks to Brexit" sticker in his car!!  
Raheem Kassam racially abused, receives death threats from anti-Brexit moron during Eurostar trip.  
It's all well and good that the Chancellor rejects the 'doom and gloom' from opposition parties. The truth is that his party's #brexit plans are a real threat to our businesses, public services and local economies. #SpringStatement 
 Leaving the Single Market will cost Scotland's economy up to £12.7 billion. The Chancellor must rule out dragging Scotland out of the Single Market as part of the #SpringStatement.  Read the Scottish Government's new Brexit analysis in full here:  
PA special election today is a referendum on the "president." Make no mistake about it. This is a +20 GOP district and anything short of a easy victory by the Republican is a huge loss for Trump & a clear sign of the coming tsunami. 
Philip Hammond #SpringStatement starting. Hammond can see the Brexit light at the end of the tunnel...  
Anna Soubry asks for Greg Clark to publish the automotive sector presentation he gave at Chequers which she says persuaded Cabinet against “hard Brexit” so that MPs can read it... 
The government will pat itself on the back today, but austerity and the threat of a hard Brexit have led to the UK plummeting to the bottom of the OECD growth table, and the government is projecting that its own policy on Brexit will make us poorer.  
What we learn from Brexit (3): the national amnesia about the basket-case UK economy up to the 70s, & how membership of the EU got us to be the fifth biggest economy in the world. (Already slipped down on the mere threat of Brexit.) 
UK Minister in Commons "cannot give a cast iron guarantee" that regional food brands will be protected after Brexit. #PowerGrab would leave these powers in Tory hands. Sign the SNP petition: 
Was that a pro Brexit Tory MP from Cornwall asking how EU protected status on the Cornish pasty will apply after Brexit? Um. Someone's going to have to tell her 
Brexit is a far greater threat to the wellbeing & security of the UK than Russia. 
BREAKING: Brexit still sh*t  
John Bercow has"Bollox to Brexit" sticker on display IN his car!!That gave me a boost!!@spaceangel1964 @RemainingKind @nickreeves9876 @dontbrexitfixit @BrexitBin @RemainerCreates @mikegalsworthy @albawhitewolf @MarieAnnUK @BestForBritain @Reasons2Remain 
I don't always agree with Verhofstadt, but he makes a fair point. It's bad enough that we're turning the EU into our economic competitor... but siding with Trump in a trade war against the rest of the world, while Brexit negotiations are still ongoing...Would Be Madness 
What we learn from Brexit (2): that MPs do not represent their country’s interests, they represent their Party line.Proof: the least bad assessment of Brexit in the U.K. is BAD. Only a few honourable patriotic MOs are fighting to defend the UK 
.@theresa_may has consistently failed to provide clarity throughout these #Brexit negotiations. She is simply piling confusion on top of complication. This is weakening our standing in negotiations and harming the economy as uncertainty over #Brexit is discouraging investment. 
.@TiceRichard: “The Government must accelerate all its Brexit plans not delay and be fully prepared to walk away rather than accept a bad late deal.”  
#SpringStatementThe light at the end of the tunnel that Chancellor Philip Hammond can see is the approaching headlight of the Brexit express.#FBPE 
EU may retain fishing rights in UK waters in return for a trade deal. Now what was it about the UK holding all the cards in the negotiations! #LeaveLies #Brexit #StopBrexit 
If John Bercow feels so strongly about Brexit he should step down, says @goodenoughtom 
If you're a Tory MP you're most likely to support Brexit only to keep Corbyn out, and if you're a Labour MP only to get Corbyn in. Neither are proper reasons and they're, errr, somewhat contradictory. 
Almost all the #Tories too embarrassed to show up for #European Parliament debate on #brexit  
Kassam in Paris: Slams Russia Brexit Inquiry, Receives Death Threat from Remainer on the Eurostar   
Seems to me that a massive blow to Russia would be for UK intelligence services to reveal what’s known about Russian interference in Brexit. Present evidence to the public & let people see that Russia desperately wants Brexit. Let people then decide whether we give it to them 
So Russia kill people in the UK using world’s most lethal weaponry, finance & infiltrate on a daily basis our political processes so as to damage the UK’s political standing - all known to MI5 & MI6. Aren’t we rewarding them by proceeding with a Brexit they’ve helped bring about? 
“The 27 member states stand firm and united when it comes to #Ireland. For us this is not an Irish issue, it is a European issue. It is all for one, one for all. That is what it means to be part of this union.” #Brexit  
Brexit is about FREEDOM! Vince Cable reported to police after branding Leavers racist  
2 sides are emerging:1st side: Putin, Russian oligarchs, #brexit leaders, far right parties, anti science/populist press & racists.2nd side: centrist parties, those in favour of Internat. cooperation, academics/scientists & liberals. Time to decide which side you are on. 
NS comes out all guns blazing, very emotional and charges speech .. Rules himself out of PMship race, declare 2018 GE Referendum between Democratic and undemocratic forces! 
I am so tired of the Brexit argument: " Don't be stupid, They'll still trade with us".Nobody's saying EU-UK trade will stop. It's about how profitable/cheap that trade is for UK businesses and consumers.  
Russia funded Trump to isolate America from the world. It funded Brexit to isolate Britain from its allies. It'll come for us in bigger, bolder ways, and having fallen for all of its traps, we will be alone, unaided. 
SNP Westminster Deputy Leader @KirstySNP tells @SkyNews the UK government has made bad choices on the economy with austerity, and the very worst of the bad choices is Brexit - we are facing an economic cliff edge #SpringStatement 
#Brexit: There can be no hard border between #Ireland and Northern Ireland. We stand by the Irish citizens. Taoiseach Leo Varadkar @campaignforleo and @FineGael can count on our full support. 
“I get it. Your anger is real, you were justified in believing the promises, but here is what the future looks like, the brexiters lied to you. There is no shame in changing your mind.” My speech in the brexit debate in Strasbourg this morning. 
Brexit will not hurt the rich. They will move their money out of the UK. Nor will it cause a stock market crash. Big companies will just move abroad.It will hit:(a) the poor - you could lose your job.(b) the pound - prices will rise(c) public services - more austerity 
EU parliament explodes as Juncker says UK will 'REGRET' Brexit  
The Tory Brexit meltdown begins here, says @paulmasonnews 
If we really want to punish Putin and Russia, then we should stop #Brexit and stay in the EU. That would send a much stronger message than any sanctions 
Well well well...It's not often #TheresaMay and #Merkel get together is it... ???#BREXIT #MAGA #UK #Scotland #Wales #NI #England #Britain #British#Germany#GreatAwakening#GreatAwakeningWorldwide@POTUS 
Liam Fox has just called for pan European action to “fight Trump’s steel tariffs so as to protect UK jobs & trade”.That Liam Fox. The man who fought for #brexit so the UK can sign some mythical great trade deal with the US.The world is laughing at us.  
"To solve the contradictions of its Brexit policy the UK government’s search for magical ‘creative’ solutions makes them sound like they want to “put Harry Potter on the border”." 
.@JunckerEU in #EPlenary:  March #EUCO: United on global Trade, Fair on Social rights, Open to our Neighbourhood, Strong on the economy. #Brexit: time to turn commitments into agreements, no Irish issue, it is a European issue, that is what it means to be part of this Union.  
It is factual that the spectre painted in the minds of many Britons, of hordes of Muslim refugees pouring into Britain convinced them to vote BREXIT. #CAS2018 
Very useful list of the rallies and events during 23-26 March. Let's all try to take part in at least one of them! We have to make our voices heard!And please spread the info. #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit 
Think we all feel a bit like this about Brexit sometimes.  
Q.: Was leaving EURATOM on the Referendum Ballot paper?A.: No.  
Skripal attack puts the country in danger & Corbyn’s lacklustre response exposes his past anti west/pro Russian bias. Brexit puts the country in danger & his lacklustre response exposes his lifelong anti EU stance. His supporters response? What about the Tories? What about Iraq? 
Scottish Tories table over 100 amendments in an attempt to weaken the Scottish Parliament and hand powers to Westminster #ContinuityBill #Brexit #ScotRef 
Brexit is costing us a fortune and we haven't even left yet. If we do the Govts own figures say it will be worse in any scenario. It just isn't worth it.#StopBrexit 
Recent EU papers on preparing for Brexit - including on telecoms law (including mobile roaming), e-commerce and net neutrality, network security, endangered species, eco-audits -  
Why are the Poundshop Patriots for Brexit silent about an act of nerve gas terrorism on British soil? #Remain #FBPE 
Corbyn lets down the people he claims to defend. You can't speak up for the poor and be complicit in making us poorer, claim to love the NHS knowing that Brexit will starve it of cash, be an advocate for workers' rights and stand by while we leave the EU, which protects workers  
The DUP midwifed and fostered the RHI debacle with cost to public purse of up to £700m (as Comptroller & Auditor General reminds us today) so no surprise that same DUP financial wizards are oblivious to economic cost of Brexit debacle  
.@MichelBarnier #EPlenary “On our future economic relationship, all models of third-country cooperation are on the table. We are open for business. It's the UK that is closing doors.” #Brexit  
Sir John Curtice: “Brexit served to expose a fissure in the nationalist movement that Nicola Sturgeon has struggled to straddle.”  
If you voted Brexit because of too many bureaucrats you're going to love paying for all these new civil servants needed to senselessly duplicate admin and regulation  previously done at scale in the EU.  
My speech in the @Europarl_EN on the resolution on the future relationship between EU-UK. #Brexit is a clear example of ideology triumphing over reason and is the epitome of bad government.#BrexitReality #StopBrexit 
Dutch MEP Marietje Schaake says in European Parliament that Theresa May needs to come up with specific proposals on #Brexit ."A solid relationship does not magically emerge on the basis of speeches." 
Totally agree. The world is very unstabkle and Brexit unless very carefully handled could weaken all our security both internal and external.  
Telegraph puts final nail in its own coffin as a once decent newspaper. The extent of its continual lying over Brexit surpasses even the Daily Mail these days. Quality British journalism is dying before our eyes  
Bercow Says,"Bollocks to Brexit"Bercow has let it be known that he might want to stay past his promised 2018 departure date “to oversee Brexit”. Bollocks to that, Bercow…  
He wants to extend his term of office past 2018 "to oversee Brexit". Bollocks to that...  
It’s a year to the day since Nicola Sturgeon’s ill-fated demand for a second independence referendum. For those keeping score, she’s due to return to the idea this autumn. 
"Klaus, Li Wei, Brett, shall we locate our new factory in the North of England?""The transport is hopeless.""Brexit's going to be a disaster.""And the fact that they actively voted for both these things frankly does not fill me with confidence."  
The controversy around the EU Commission’s draft withdrawal agreement is the result of @theresa_may’s cowardly failure to make choices of her own. In the absence of concrete proposals from the UK to resolve the difficult #Brexit questions, the Europeans forced the issue. 
.@ChukaUmunna – Chancellor must tells us what Brexit will cost  
Bercow Says "Bollocks to Brexit" 
Priti Patel tells the Home Secretary to “level with the nation” over her post Brexit immigration plans as Migration Watch calls excuses for a delay “absurd”  
Considering Westminster Tories don't even know what's devolved or what's reserved at the moment, who do you think they'll blame when the economy and jobs start crashing post Brexit once they've grabbed all the powers?Keep yer Tory hands off our powers, we're doing fine 
After Brexit are we also going to have absurd hiring jokes?For example, our Govt spent £100m in Aug on trying to recruit foreign doctors into our NHS... only to hit brick wall of its own bizarre HO rules stopping the non-EU docs from being hired: 
Tribalism caused the insanity of Brexit. More tribalism isn't going to help overcome it. Whether you fly a flag for Lab, Con, Lib Dem, Green, SNP, or any other party, it's time to rise above all past and current ideological differences. Only together will we #StopBrexit 
Brexit MPs & MEPs are now conceding that the warnings they dismissed as Project Fear were accurate, we WILL get poorer.The very basis of the #Brexit case has radically changed for the worse.  The people therefore deserve to vote on it.#FinalSay 
.@Plaid_Cymru urges the government in Cardiff to do its job: to stand up for Wales and not let the Tories turn back the clock on devolution.AMs debate plans to by-pass 'power-grab' Brexit bill  
Nearly two years since the referendum.It's time for us to say.... Give us the Brexit you promisedOr admit you got it wrongNo more excuses  
Got to love @BrexitCentral dedication to propaganda. Unilever choosing Rotterdam over London as HQ 'nothing to do with Brexit.' And no mention of Russia in their morning briefing either ... all very odd 
Not again.  More academics forced to leave UK for being out of the country too long when their work is international.The Home Office just doesn’t get it. As the article notes, Brexit means that EU academics could also be treated like this in future. 
Any deal that May strikes to strip us of rule making powers during transition out of the EU is a transfer of power to the EU.It’s UK law that such transfers require a referendum.May wants to secretly scrap that law.Let’s not let her.  
There are no Tories in chamber to debate #Brexit negotiations and they are not using the opportunity to speak. Are they scared, embarrassed, irresponsible?I can’t remember the last time I heard a Tory make a convincing defence of Brexit. We have only useful idiots of far right. 
Farage admires Putin & Trump. Trump is pro Brexit & undermining European solidarity in the face Putin & murder on streets of England. Er, is it wise to be doing what Farage, Trump & Putin all want - UK out of Europe? That’s a tough one! 
It’s time Philip Hammond came clean about the financial damage he knows Brexit will do  
The EU reported its fastest economic growth in 10 years in 2017, compared to the UK’s growth slowing. #Brexit and announcing we are coming out of the customs union is harming the UK economy, with our growth outstripped by Germany, France, Italy and even tiny Latvia. 
On #citizensrights I think we are very near to a satisfying solution. By guaranteeing the existing rights of EU citizen living in Britain & UK nationals on the continent alike. No citizen will be the victim of #Brexit #EPlenary #FutureOfEurope 
Contrast in the response from the EU and Trump on Salisbury outrage should show even the most ardent Brexit voter who our true friends are and how utterly impotent we're going to be alone. 
What the Chancellor would be saying today if he was being honest about the consequences of Brexit - my alternative #SpringStatement  
The best way of defying Russian Government would be to not go ahead with #Brexit. Breaking up a powerful bloc that extends to their borders is a key aim of #Russian foreign policy. Daily Mail thinks it's about the World Cup! 
V strong statement by @EU_Commission President ,J.C. Junker @Europarl_EN on #Brexit .No hard border in Ireland _’Its not an Irish issue, it’s an EU issue’.  & no cherry picking !UK must come up with realistic proposals!! Some UK members not too happy!! 
I’m in Korea with @IrishEmbKorea promoting Ireland - trade between our two countries was worth over €2.6billion in 2017 and is increasing each year - even greater potential post Brexit. #StPatricksDay 
.@JunckerEU #EPlenary #Brexit “As we build our future together, we must continue to make each other stronger by working together towards a more united, stronger and more democratic Union. We need to focus on our European future – not on the past, and not on Brexit.”  
.@JunckerEU #EPlenary #Brexit “The European Union, this House and all 27 Member States stand firm and united when it comes to #Ireland. For us, this is not an Irish issue. It is a European issue. It is all for one and one for all – that is what it means to be part of this Union.” 
The chairman of the Russia-Brexit influence investigation tweets this link, hoping no one will read past the headline. The actual copy reveals a whopping $0.97 Facebook ad spend by “The Russians” and a few hundred tweets in a sea of millions. Embarrassing for @DamianCollins! 
I strongly disagree with Mrs May on Brexit but she is right to confront Putin. It is past weakness which has got us here. We need our European allies as close as possible, some of whom are worried about Russian gas etc. England Alone may sound good on RT but not in the real world 
President @JunckerEU and @MichelBarnier are in the #EPlenary to discuss the guidelines on the framework of future EU-UK relations #Brexit  
There's now an opportunity for the otherwise gloomy Chancellor of the Exchequer to highlight a “Brexit dividend” of an extra £25 billion per year in spending when we exit the EU, writes Neil MacKinnon  
PTI in senate once again votes for Musharraf in chairman / deputy chairman elections. Will it apologise to people subsequently like it did after voting for Musharraf in referendum. 
Brexit latest: blue passports obviously provide a lot more protection against criminal Russian aggression than membership of a strong, unified, multinational bloc. 
Of course it’s nothing to do with Brexit. Not even a factor in the decision. Pure coincidence. They probably don’t even know it’s hapening. Just fancied a change. Move along now. Nothing to see here. I said move along now. Brexit’s fine. Move along. 
OTD in 1938 the Austrian Anschluss. A dictator sent his army over the border & had illegal referendum with a rigged result. Sound familiar? 
If you're a Leaver and want to know why Remainers say Brexit is built on lies, listen to the actual speech. Cable says none of the things Hannan claims he does. None.He's not lying to persuade Remainers. He's lying to YOU. Please, please fact-check.  
Sterling post-Brexit is no longer a viable candidate for a currency union it is now advisable to create an independent Scottish currency & central bank and a series of investment banks to invest in high growth potential sectors such as , renewables and information technology 
As with most things, the EU rushed to support Britain over the Russian poisoning case. Trump America, who are looking to bleed us dry after Brexit, instead delayed.And yet people in Britain will still insist the EU only cares about Britain's money, not shared values. 
Standard Chartered believes that Britain has more opportunity to increase trade with countries such as India and China than any other G7 nation. Brexit would lift the value of UK exports to seven emerging markets by $16.9 billion each year.  
The near total silence regarding the #Skripal affair from @Nigel_Farage @WestmonsterUK and their acolytes goes way, way beyond coincidence. This is the biggest major political event since Brexit - a direct assault on our nation and yet these nationalists are virtually silent. 
Juncker facing a battle to hold on to his own job after claims of corruption in office... #SelmayrGate Couldn’t happen to a nicer guy#ThankEUGoodbye #Brexit 
NoBBC News - Have voters changed their minds about Brexit?  
.#Brexodus"Ireland & the Netherlands leading the race to attract big name international broadcasters, such as CNN & Nat Geo, needing to shift their EU operations from London in order to be able to continue broadcasting in Europe after Brexit.". 
Remember guys, Brexit voters knew what they were voting for.That's why the government still hasn't fully decided what it wants and still hasn't analysed what their favoured solution will cost the UK.That's why the government is still demanding things the EU cannot accept. 
Brexit zealot Liam Fox laid out UK's plan to fight Donald Trump's steel tariffs - by "working closely with the EU"! Tariffs won't apply to 'real friends' - Canada & Mexico. This doesn't bode well for the policy of developing US for a primary trade deal. #BrexitShambles #r4today 
As if Brexit wasn’t going to harm the NHS & patients enough, now this...“Brexit delays at UK borders and airports could endanger extremely time-sensitive transplant operations as medics rush to get organs to patients”But, if Jacob Rees-Mogg says so... 
A NASTY LITTLE BIGOTLiberal Democrat leader, Vince Cable, asserts that old people’s votes somehow count less than young people's. But his “racist” jibe at Brexit voters was clueless, disgraceful, ageist, self-defeating & wildly irresponsible.  
No one can deny Brexit is the ruin of England. After Brexit all that will keep London afloat is Scotland's oil and resources. Devolution is on the block.  
Vince Cable was right about nostalgic Brexit voters. All the faux Tory outrage is just a clumsy attempt to suppress an uncomfortable truth - me in the Independent   
The Skripal scandal. The most effective response is an international one. But Britain has chosen separation over solidarity. Trump is unlikely to take our side against Putin. The EU is about solidarity, but we we are leaving it! The bane of Brexit strikes again. 
Brexit makes the defence of the Scottish parliament a matter of critical concern. Independence is the only way out now.  
Mrs May gives Putin ultimatum on poisoning. But interfering in the Referendum is perfectly acceptable, even if it results in the destruction of our economy and wellbeing. Stop this Brexit madness.#FBPE 
Brexit Secretary David Davis hasn't visited Brussels for Brexit talks in person this year. Has he been sidelined? Not meeting the people you are supposed to be negotiating with is a massive failure in any talks... #BrexitShambles #r4today 
Yet again @theresa_may urges Britain to 'come back together' Yet again we remainers saysFuck you May, Fuck the Tories and fuck any brexit supporting MPWe will not come together for your fascist right wing plot!#StopBrexit #weneedthegfa #FBPE #Remain 
“Potential investors in the UK are “reaching for their coats” because of Conservative MPs’ plans for a “hard Brexit” and the Labour party’s proposals to renationalise industry”Investors ‘reaching for their coats’, CBI chief warns via @FT 
The European Parliament plays a crucial role in the ongoing #Brexit negotiations. Watch our video to find out how and tune in for the plenary debate on EU-UK future relations today at 9am CET.  
The only realisable ‘Brexit dividend’ is the boost to growth that would follow a decision to remain in the EU. #StopBrexit 
Not to say there aren't challenges; declining response rates are a big issue. But if you're citing Brexit or 11/8/16 as examples of failure—when polls were off by only a few points, well within theoretical and empirical margins of error—you may not know what you're talking about. 
"We want to ensure the countries we previously invaded, pillaged and plundered, raped, murdered, tortured and sold their people into slavery, will somehow save us from this #brexit sh*tshow of our own making" (it won't)#FBPE #BrexitIsPersonal 
This is a 2-sided problem. Pre 2016, the media overestimated how accurate polling had been all along. It may underestimate it now. Contrary to the media narrative, polls of Brexit and the 2016 US general election were about as accurate as polls had been on average, historically. 
LETS BE CLEAR AND THIS IS VERY IMPORTANT - Brexit Britain will be poorer and less prosperous for the next 10-15 years  - did you really vote for that =  
The UK has never bowed down to threats & blackmail from Europe so why is Theresa May giving into the EU now? The EU-UK relationship has always been 1 sided where the UK gives & the EU takes, takes, takes. Brexit must mean this abusive relationship ends & we make a clean break  
I'm from the UK, but I literally hate this woman! Even now, she's trying to interfere in the Brexit negotiations, and she hates how the UK voted against her, Obama and Kerry's threats. Haha, Trump supporters, you are simply the best! #ukdeplorable 
When it comes to Brexit, the deadlines and timetables get pushed out years and years. When it comes to murky questionable fact warmongering - they demand an answer in 24 hours. 
The idea that @BarackObama  was a close friend of Britain is ridiculous. His administration knifed  Britain in the back over the Falklands, siding with Argentina,  campaigned against Brexit, worshipped the EU, appeased Russia and mocked  the Special Relationship. An awful record.  
May's 5 tests for Brexit calmly and brutally taken apart former Taoiseach John Bruton  
Putin released a weapons grade nerve agent in Salisbury, just one of many instances of his hybid war on the West, including the UK. He won't stop until we stop him. Trump hasn't condemned him. It is the EU who are our friends, our strength. Brexit is madness. 
If Brexit isn’t stopped, & it will be, it will be very temporary. Pure demographics tells us so. The future of the countries in these island is in the EU. So the Brexiters are on a futile, time wasting, hideously expensive course to nowhere. 
That is what you have to say when it is clear that Brexit will be disastrous and lower living standards- let them eat cake  
I’m a big fan of @SCER_eu. Not just great commentary and analysis on Scotland and Brexit, but on Brexit and the EU more widely. Happy birthday to them.  
Notorious liar Jacob Rees-Mogg lying again. He knows he's lying about there being any Brexit dividend to spend on the NHS. #ShamelessLiar 
I've been a Labour voter all my life (always voted Labour).I'm voting for an anti Brexit party (LibDems, Greens, Renew).I'm not cutting up my membership card (never had one).When the Labour leadership oppose Brexit, they get my vote back.#StopBrexit#WeAreTheOppositionNow 
2016 - Libdems pro EU2017 - Libdems still pro EU2018 - Libdems anti brexit and up for a fight.I know who I'll be voting for in May  
I know it's obvious, but if #Brexit were going to be a huge success, multinational companies would be moving employees INTO the UK, in preparation for the expected bonanza rather than OUT of the UK?But no Brexiters have an answer why this is happening. Nothing.  
Sadly no matter how much faith Brexiteers place in Commonwealth it's too disparate geographically & politically to provide a substitute for EU or NATO. It is a goodwill organisation but cannot become more than that just because UK wants a hard Brexit which most think as self harm  
Russian Twitter accounts targeted UK on Brexit and refugees  
Wow. Former Tory leader & Foreign Secretary William Hague on BBC Putin documentary: “There has quite probably been Russian interference in elections & referendums throughout Europe over the last few years”. Closest yet to Tory admission of Russian role in Brexit#PutinTheNewTsar 
In Russia's hybrid war against the EU and Western democracy, #Brexit is the equivalent of the UK nuking one of its own armies. #StopBrexit #FBPE. 
Please support our legal action taking @DavidDavisMP to court - because the UK Gov won’t give the British people a say on the *terms* of Brexit. Let’s do this! #BrexitChallenge #FBPE 
Wondering why Brexit won? Check out this @PragerU video and you will wonder why Britain waited so long to leave the EU. 
Vote Lib Dem get Tories. Split the LAB vote get Tories. A Tory hard Brexit will be incredibly damaging.  
'We're leaving your beloved EU!" Tory Brexiteer @LiamFox shuts down Treacherous Lib dem @vincecable over UK's post-Brexit trade progress  Treacherous Remainers are damaging the UK in favor of their beloved EU 
False nine football is becoming more and more popular don’t let Giroudesquez and Barry Stanton fool you into the Brexit way. 
From @labisiffre tweeted 29 Nov 2017:Brexit never meant getting "The Best Deal For Britain”. It always meant the Conservative Party Leader keeping that job by keeping The British Empire Nostalgia Wing Of the Conservative Party sweet;At any cost to the country.#stopbrexit 
 "Carry on #Brexit" a British Farce of epic proportions...  
Make the most of this youngsters.Seriously.Do it while you canWhilst the UK is still in the EUMy kids won't get the opportunityDon't waste yours#Brexit woes #Remain #FBPE 
And in 3 years time we’ll be post-Brexit. God knows what economic landscape that will look like and all the new excuses it will give UUK. It’s now or never. #NoCapitulation 
“WE DIDN'T REALLY APPRECIATE THE MACHINATIONS” - ANDY WIGMORE: THE BREXIT INTERVIEWOut from behind paywall earlier than anticipated due to increased public interest in both Russian activity and the practices of Cambridge Analytica.Me via @Byline_Media 
Brexit Deconstructed: Truth of ‘America First’ is dire for UK, forced to open up to hormone-fed beef, chlorine-washed chicken, pus milk, than EU standards don’t allow. 
Keep taking the tablets. Or you’ll wake up and find yourself in the real world.   In that real world, I’ve yet to meet a single Brexit supporter who has not become even more solidly behind leaving the appalling, rotten EU.  
Putin has been brilliant at the propaganda game. A few thousand twitter trolls and a few glossy tv stations are far more effective and cheaper than a few dozen nuclear missiles. He meddled in Brexit and he has weakened the UK. It took attempted murder to wake government up.... 
Heartbreak is on @RTE2 tonight. “She learns things like, constitutional refusal of bodily autonomy, thinks this is backwards blasphemy. You mean, as a woman or plebeian this ceiling and sea is a shamrock colored green glass to me?” May’s referendum vote is coming.  #repealthe8th 
If you support a second referendum on Brexit, there is no logical reason why you should not support one on Scottish independence.  
Nobody wins from Brexit.Nobody wins a trade war.Hard to see Anglo-American power drawing much water in the EU any time soon..  
We don’t as yet know whose responsible but the idea that @theresa_may might want to cause hysteria to deflect from Northern Ireland/ Brexit and then rely on the Patriotic atmosphere ( I’ve paraphrased ) according to a Russian analyst shouldn’t be dismissed folks, #justsaying 
What Theresa May won’t admit about countering Russian threat is we are less influential with our EU partners thanks to Brexit. I negotiated at the EU Energy Council & G7 Energy Ministers post-Crimea: if we’d been leaving EU then, we wouldn’t have got the good result we did 
The loss to Britain in its rebate on account of unkept EU promises to CAP reform adds up to about £42 billion (2005-2019 x 3bn)Can we ask the British Govt to deduct this sum before making any 'exit' payment to the EU, can we?#Brexit  
The point is that, whether or not Russia interfered, Brexit is Putin's "dream policy" as @rafaelbehr put it in December 2017: . Because it isolates the UK from the EU, and weakens the EU, which Putin hates. 2/5 
What's happening with Russia now is crucial to Brexit. I've never bought into the idea that the Brexit vote was down to Russian interference. Even if there was some interference, I can't see it would account for much of the vote. But that's not the point. 1/5 
Russia has asked YOU @theresa_may to show any proof that they were involved, they’ve also pointed out the fact that you could have sunk so low to distract from the Brexit negotiations, show some proof Girl, you can’t just go around saying stuff with NO  EVIDENCE. #SergeiSkripal 
As the legitimacy of Brexit crumbles around him, Daniel Hannan opts for a curious new defence strategy whereby he tries to convince concerned citizens that trade deals are actually rubbish.  
Sorry, I'm sick of the Russian poisoning story. It's too too convenient for Theresa & her Brexit bourach. Call me cynical but it's got all the hallmarks of a false wotsits fleg...or a butchers pinny!!!! 
Brexit could mean that only British and American majority owned airlines will be allowed to fly between the countries  
You do realise folks that the propaganda has been cranked up to ELEVEN because #Brexit is a clusterfuck of epic proportions? #NerveAgentGate pic.twitter.com/wqQ4fc1gSU 
6 pro-EU groups move to new shared office 4 #Brexit fightback.At last some tangible evidence #Remain is coming together to ensure the Ppl get to have a #FinalSay & to express their Will & not have the will of politicians imposed on them!#StopBrexit #ABTV 
Let's have a referendum on nuking the Russians to pay them back for manipulating our thickies into voting Leave. We would get back control, assert our sovereignty and stop them bullying us. Sure they've got 100 warheads for every 1 of ours, but ours are blue and made in Britain. 
Before and since the referendum, Leave voters have been called racist, stupid and in one broadsheet likened to actual shit. And yet we’re supposed to be the prejudiced ones. My piece on Vince Cable and the bigotry of the anti-Brexit set  
#Brexit is the UK having eaten so much cake in the last 40 years it has caused itself diabetes and now wonders why it can’t have any more. 
The US is offering Britain a worse “open skies” deal after Brexit than it had as an EU member, in a negotiating stance that would badly hit the transatlantic operating rights of British Airways and Virgin#BrexitMeansOut 
Will Pennsylvania do its best Alabama impersonation when they shut down Roy Moore & elected Doug Jones to the Senate in a TOTAL repudiation of Trump?We find out tomorrow. This is a COMPLETE referendum of the grotesque behavior & outrageous policies of Trump.Vote @ConorLambPA 
The Russian action also suggests that the UK's security has been weakened because of Brexit. Other EU countries had better hang together!  
The upcoming #Abortion Referendum presents journalism with a bit of a conundrum. First and foremost, to my mind, is the difficulty of engaging the audience beyond those already converted. The “debate” format of opposing spokespeople just leaves many cold. 1/ 
Vince Cable: Tory and Labour MPs are considering defecting to the Lib Dems over Brexit  
'We voted to Leave this sclerotic union!'British MEP:"Any document that has been produced by Mrs Merkel’s people;Mr Verhofstadt, the socialist & communist sitting opposite;would be TOTALLY unacceptable to the British people."#Brexit #EU 
The amazingly powerful stories of EU citizens left #InLimbo after the Brexit vote, published by @BylineBooks are available from @CynefinRoad Waterstones and via Amazon:  
Forget je ne sais quoi...absolutely clear what @EmmanuelMacron is doing here. Post #Brexit it’s move over Britain, the French are coming...  
Amazing isn't it, that 10 MP's from the DUP can control the Tory's but Labour "needs" a majority to be able to affect Brexit.Labour you are complicit in hurting the very people you claim to represent.#FBPE #StopBrexit #brexit 
Our latest @instituteforgov paper looks at the impact Brexit is having on Whitehall departments & their budgets.By the time we leave the EU - Whitehall could have spent around £2bn 
How to charm a country of 1.3 billion people. Macron is wasting no time in taking advantage of Brexit,  
Brexit mate,brought to us by  same man that gave you Trump, except Putin has got us well screwed,we can’t get rid of brexit in 4 years time 
CBI chief says potential investors in the UK are ‘reaching for their coats’ because of Conservative plans for a ‘hard Brexit’ and the Labour party’s proposals to renationalise industry  
Sign of paralysis in government: #DavidDavis hasn't visited Brussels for #Brexit talks yet this year ! 
1/ Please read the linked tweet carefully. This is very likely Putin using a TV mouthpiece to claim responsibility for assassinations in Britain and mocking the UK authorities for being too frightened of Russia to investigate them. #StopBrexit #Brexit 
Dame Judi Dench, Sir Andy Murray, Joanna Lumley and 27 other celebrities call on Government to use Brexit to ban fur imports!  via @telegraphnews 
If the tories conduct their dealings with Russia, the way they've handled the Brexit negotiations, we're seriously stuffed. We sure as hell aren't 'holding all the cards' on this one. 
Rock 'n' Roll time @SODEMAction#Brexit #Isitworthit?No!#EUsupergirl #Stopbrexit 
No-deal Brexit will cost firms £58bn a year, says new research  
Four days after Govt released its own figures which show its Hard Brexit would be economically devastating, and in response to why they're spending £2Bn on delivering that catastrophe, in an act of sheer contempt the Govt said this.  
'renegotiating the UK’s security relationship with the EU will prove a formidable undertaking. Politicians still underestimate what Brexit will mean for policing, judicial cooperation, and counter-terrorism.' #LSEThinks 
Vince Cable is absolutely right about nostalgic Brexit voters, and people like Nigel Farage know it  
Putin chose for his show of aggression a time when Britain's weakened by the Trump presidency and Brexit—two huge problems he wanted us to have, and helped engineer. 
"A joint team of experts from the University of California at Berkeley and Swansea University reportedly identified 150,000 Twitter accounts with various Russian ties that disseminated messages about Brexit."  
Nigel Farage - "Martin Selmayr is now the most powerful bureaucrat in the world, and all of it done without an open procedure. It is the perfect stitch-up. It smacks of nepotism." #Brexit  
Whilst not directly Brexit - this is surely an iconic Brexit image. I particularly love the flag on the far left.  
Anti-Brexit Group Calls For ‘Aggressive Direct Action’ Against MPs  
Local elections in May. EU citizens in England can vote for the first time since the referendum. @hopenothate intends to register 1m EU citizens to vote.We are launching our own official voter registration campaign on March 19th.Watch the space!  
"How dare Vince Cable suggest Brexit is being driven by nostalgia.This wouldn't happen in the good old days*. Remember Churchill*, Dunkirk*, Agincourt*, Waterloo* and Hastings*, and let's make Britain great again*."*Actual statements by prominent Leavers in the last 3 months. 
Vince Cable is absolutely right about nostalgic Brexit voters, and people like Nigel Farage know it  
Six pro-EU groups move to new shared office for Brexit fightback  
If people want to understand why us Remainers are fighting to stop Brexit, follow @SadiqKhan and @MayorofLondon and observe the racist and xenophobic replies to *every single tweet* that he tweets. We can’t let those people take control of our country. 
This from last November by @J_amesp We Need To Talk About @Nigel_Farage ... Flamboyant politician, media spokesperson, bad boy of Brexit. Kremlin asset.   
Brexit has always been a fucking stupid idea and every day there’s more and more evidence that it’s a fucking stupid idea.  When will the penny drop?  
A Russian TV presenter mocks the British government for a number of deaths in Britain (graphic). Now read this article on 14 Russian linked deaths the UK authorities have failed to investigate. @J_amesp @carolecadwalla#StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
All that effort on Brexit when we could have been doing this:France signs contracts with India worth £16 billion. 
This is an excellent move. First battle is to secure a #FinalSay referendum on the #Brexit deal vs #RemainSecond battle is to win the referendum and secure an #ExitFromBrexit  
"People shouldn't underestimate the dangers that Brexit's bringing."Britain's car industry is about to be forcibly split from its biggest market  
Message to all UK #Remain MPs. Please just quit the party line, think only of the country, and unite to overthrow May and her hard #BrexitForm another party. The people of the UK are behind you. There is still time. Country before party. Remain v Leave. Millions will support you 
The Brexiteers have had it too good for too long. @BestForBritain should be applauded for this legal challenge to force a second referendum #stopbrexit #FBPE 
If May & Corbyn continue with current plans to #Brexit there's clear possibility of realignment  with rational moderate Conservative & Labour MPs moving & coalescing around @vincecable & @LibDems to secure a #FinalSay referendum & #ExitFromBrexit 
Putin is treating  with utter contempt, but, after we did what he wanted and voted for Brexit, why wouldn’t he?  
Hi @theresa_may just a friendly note to say that the (cough) Russian ‘attack’ thingy doesn’t work in Scotland. We know it’s all pish. Good attempt to avoid Brexit realities & create delay. Doesn’t work in Scotland. We’re too sharp. 
Could be. Would be. Should be. Let's send Conor to Congress. #VoteLamb Pennsylvania special election could be a referendum on Trump  via @TIME 
In LIBE Committee Strasbourg exchange of views with Commissioner Timmermans re importance of Charter of Fundamental Rights 4 ppl in the northBrexit not just about no return to hard border partition Ireland but also no return to denial of rights 50 yrs after civil rights campaign  
The #Brexit right are constantly lying about Brexit, but Corbyn and the Labour front bench won't challenge many of those lies and  because they too support #Brexit. We are the resistance! #WATON#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Caller Tells Andrea Leadsom: “A Hard #Brexit Is NOT The Will Of The People!” 🖒  
Brexit Countdown: Legal bid could deliver second referendum before Christmas.This is looking more and more likely.Why do you think the Brit Press is on full attack against the SNP right now 
Without the weight of the EU behind us, Russian attacks on British soil will increase and relations worsen to the point of nuclear war (which they'll win). Millions dead, all triggered by Brexit. 
For anyone fed up with news of Brexit and what’s happening over the other side of the pond, I recommend you spend some time with @Being_Brent -  Brent and his mum are my favourite people on Twitter. They look after each other, have loads of fun and are downright lovely! 
So. Theresa May is going full Thatcher-esque warmonger on Russia. You could be forgiven for thinking that this is a transparent diversion from her and her party's disastrous polling and catastrophic handling of #Brexit. Its a Falklands rerun against a proper world power. 
No Govt in Northern Ireland, constitutional crisis threatening with Scotland, cold war with Russia resumed, A+E waiting times the worst ever. Who in their right minds would choose to pursue now a #Brexit that will leave us poorer, less secure and with fewer friends in the world. 
Irrespective of #brexit, EU should show strong solidarity w UK on this- for our freedom and yours ...@eucopresident @donaldtusk @ @FedericaMog @JunckerEU @SylvieKauffmann @norbertroettgen @ecfr @ECFRBerlin @ECFRPower 
#ToryPutinLinks.@jeremycorbyn right to raise:@Robert___Harris: Russians have donated £826,000 to the @CONservatives since the EU referendum. Imagine the outcry if Labour had received a similar sum from the citizens of a country apparently behind a terrorist attack on UK soil. 
Putin’s Brexit  
Brexit is a great start, no?  
Brexit to hit five sectors hardest in the UK:– Automotive– Agriculture– Food and drink– Chemicals– PlasticsSmaller companies will be disproportionately affected 
Six pro-EU groups move to new shared office for Brexit fightback The process of stopping #Brexit just got stronger #FBPE #ABTV 
Re Brexit talks, watch out re Gibraltar. UK-ES talks apparently going nowhere fast. It may become a bigger problem than NI border. 
If you are subjected to anti-Brexit intimidation at work, let me know. 
Once again the entire UK Establishment goes in to an unhinged meltdown over Russia. Is Brexit not enough that now we want mobilise for war against Russia 
Well, that’s certainly taken our minds off the brexit shambles, dead homeless people, Irish border crisis and taking poor kids free dinners off them. Arm the bombs! 
'We need a 2nd referendum, not for my sake, but for fearful young people across the country'. If Leave voters like Dominic can embrace a #FinalSay - the Labour Party certainly can. 
Delighted to now be sharing an office with @euromove @_Britain4Europe @Scientists4EU @HealthierIn @InFactsOrgThe movement is coming together! If #Brexit doesn't deliver everything that was promised, then people have every right to change their minds. 
Brexit is so depressing. Arrive in Strasbourg for a vote on the relocation on the European Medicines Agency away from London to Amsterdam. We lose, they gain = Brexit.  
This is so laughably untrue as to be hilariousmy favorite part is the author not understanding how games are made and thinking any game conceived after Brexit has already released since it's been like 19 months  
A nice war with Russia would take the population's minds off Brexit and extend our negotiating timeMan the horses Melfred, Huzzah! 
Frankly, political games played by the Conservative, Labour and Lib Dem parties absolutely disgust me at a time when we should all be pulling ourselves together to ensure that Brexit is a resounding success.It will be because of the ingenuity of our people. Not these parties. 
I will reply to this.My husband has been a Labour supporter and a trade unionist/convenor all his adult life. He is appalled and has stated he won’t be voting Labour again.Antibrexit Party...LibDemSo Jen.  We are not trolls. We are concerned voters who are fighting Brexit.  
When the @BBCNews man rightly said just now Russia views UK as weak, he didn’t use the word that explains why #Brexit - Allies not exactly rushing out in support 
How people are reacting? Ok, @IainDale! I stand with @jeremycorbyn & fully support him. Well done for exposing Tory hypocrisy, Jeremy. Russians have donated £826,000 to the @CONservatives since the EU referendum. Tories are crooks and hypocrites.  
So currently the UK is under attack in a trade war by the US, and a real war by Russia. Aren’t Russia and the US the only 2 countries in the world supporting #Brexit? #BrexitShambles 
I have reached my absolute limit regarding the Tories, Westminster & the so-called Union. We don't need to wait until the outcome of Brexit is known as they are coming after our parliament now. #HandsOffHolyroodI call on @scotgov @thesnp @scotgp to trigger #ScotRef. 
A free press is not one in which 80% by circulation peddles the same ERG-Farageist-Breitbart propaganda. What we have is not a free press, but one dominated by a far-right faction. And without a free press, the UK is no longer a functioning democracy. #StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
"Britain is the most welcoming, tolerant and open country in the World" - I tell BBC Radio UlsterLib Dem leader Vince Cable insulting the very idea of Britain by labeling Brexit voters as racists driven by "White Nostalgia"  
Outside the EU, WTO trade rules would cost business £27 BILLION. Small businesses are most at risk. Brexit's just not worth it. Let's REALLY take back control- Let's #RethinkBrexit & #RenewBritain instead!  
A new phase in the fight against #brexit has started. We are delighted to be a part of this step change in the campaign.  
As crunch time for #Brexit approaches, we had a fruitful discussion with @theresa_may -JM 
Get real @theresa_may. You can’t pick and choose what parts of the EU you want without EU obligations. #Brexit will make us worse off in every situation. The public must be granted a vote on the deal and a chance to #ExitFromBrexit. 
So @JuliaHB1 is frantically blocking any and all #FBPE people.  If you haven't had that particular honour yet, feel free to tweet her this!#Brexit #StopBrexit #Remain #Brexitshambles #EU #FBPE #ABTV #WATON #rEUnion 
Polling shows a gradual but small shift from #Leave to #Remain since the referendumThat we might exit the EU with a majority against, let alone the supermajority in favour required in most countries, is an affront to democracy.#StopBrexit #Brexit 
There is no "Brexit dividend", only a massive #Brexit cost.  
"This is not about Leave or Remain. It's about making a democratic choice according to our constitution" @eloisetodd and @BestForBritain are bringing a legal challenge for a second referendum before #brexit. Support the case here  
Let's face it, the one retaliatory measure that would give #Putin heartburn would be for May to say we're stopping #Brexit. #SalisburySpy 
Sorry again to point out we’re legally barred from conceding anything on agriculture, US’s main demand, on account of trifling Brexit December deal in which UK agreed to align with EU on agriculture in order to preserve peace in Northern Ireland  
Vince spot on when he argues those voting for #Brexit robbed the young of their future. UK company shares ranked least popular asset class in the world says Bank of America survey of fund managers. Less investment = less opportunities. No wonder young people furious re: Brexit 
I'm a teacher and definitely feel the pressure to not discuss my pro Brexit opinion in the staff room for fear of being called a bigot. 
In May, Ireland will vote on a referendum to repeal the Eighth Amendment, which recognizes the equal right to life of the preborn child and her mother. We're urging the Irish people to stand strong and protect the most vulnerable.  
One way to look at Brexit is to stay as close as possible to the rules of the Single Market and Customs Union to minimise the damage. A so-called ‘soft Brexit’.  This is plainly more sensible than the alternative, but it raises the obvious question:  why on earth bother to leave?  
In the new offices @mikegalsworthy enjoying his #Stopbrexit socks!  From Nicky Thomson knits Hate #Brexit? Say it with socks!Socks and sandals is very British after all!!!   
It destroys their credibility and displays their contempt for voters whom they think are dim. They sense Brexit is their chance and are heady on it - it’s political glue sniffing.  
Six pro-EU groups move to new shared office for Brexit fightback  
If you're ever faced by a Brexiter telling you that economists' post-Brexit predictions were wrong, feel free to fall back on these 5 counter arguments from @realVickyPryce.#SpringStatement 
Did Brits ever feel European? Not reallyRemain were always fighting an uphill battleThis from @whatukthinks one year before the #Brexit vote  
.@JonathanPieNews on Brexit  
Six Pro-EU Groups Move To New Shared Office For #Brexit FightbackThese 6 pro-EU groups will now be based under the same roof in London’s Millbank Tower, in what staff have dubbed ‘Grassroots Co-ordinating HQ’.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
The new Grassroots Coordinating Group Headquarters, dubbed Project GCHQ, is a major step forward in ensuring grassroots campaigning orgs work effectively together to ensure the public’s voice is heard in the Brexit debate. Read more here:  
Very very interesting!! If Westminster push ahead with the EU reform Bill, ignoring Holyrood's Continuity Bill. This will indeed be in direct breech of the Act of Union. Forcing a referendum but not on Independence but one to Dissolve the Union   
MUST-READ: the Pro-European campaigns have joined together in the same campaign space to fight a hard Brexit - please RT 
Not sure who is behind this, but they've nailed #Brexit! Check out the website here: #swindled @PeoplesMomentum @UKLabour @LeaveEUOfficial @DailyMirror @The_TUC @MumsnetTowers @SkySports @MetroUKNews @BBCBreaking @TheMindBlowings @W_A_T_O_N #BSW2018 #FBPE 
So, @ShelaghFogarty... sorry I had to disagree with you a bit, but it is absolutely vital that we do not send the message that we see all Brexiters as racist. I've seen Brexit racism first-hand, but I've met many more reasonable people who just wanted things to get better. 
Six pro-EU groups - including @Open_Britain - have moved to a new shared office to co-ordinate their Brexit fightback  
Today on LBC, @ShelaghFogarty and I discussed @VinceCable's comments.He was right that racism did play a part. But it would wrong to imply that for all older Brexit voters (TBF, He does just say "too many")Blaming a group because of specific individuals is wrong (Left or Right)  
'How Brexit is Bruising British-Irish Relations' | TCD's @EtainTannam will deliver the next Jean Monnet Lecture @UCC on Tuesday 20 March, 3-4pm, ORB156. All welcome. 
Can't let you get away with that. The Leave Campaign undermined the Remain financial impact message by 1. Showing lies about financial benefits of Brexit on buses + talking up the discredited economics of Economists for Leave.2. Painting all Remain forecasts as project fear.  
2: This weekend was a big family thing with 18 staying in a holiday cottage. Last year, Brexit was toxic. Younger generation anti, older (mostly) pro-Brexit. Tense. This year: every single person hating Brexit, mocking Brexiteers, want to remain. Small sample, but telling. 
BBC News - Varadkar rules out post-Brexit border pre-registration  
'Vince Cable is absolutely right about nostalgic Brexit voters, and people like Nigel Farage know it'  
And to think Tories felt able to lecture @vincecable for daring to begin a rational debate about racism and Brexit.  
“The Brexit generation will never forgive our parties if we fail” @ChukaUmunna 
Britain's waters are a national asset, yet our fishermen have suffered for decades as a result of the EU's Common Fisheries Policy! Would any deal which fails to bring back control of our fishing waters be a betrayal of Brexit? 
No need for the word perhaps here!"and in trying to silence Vince Cable, perhaps the Brexiteers are merely trying to suppress an uncomfortable truth."Vince Cable is absolutely right about nostalgic Brexit voters, and people like Nigel Farage know it  
AC GRAYLING: "There are NO arguments against a second referendum"Let the people #stopbrexit once they know what deal has been struck 
Brexit betrayal? UK 'legally entitled' to second EU referendum, Tory rebel claims  
70% of over 65s voted for #Brexit.As Vince cable says.""Many older voters were driven by nostalgia for a world where passports were blue, faces were white and the map was coloured imperial pink".People denying this are either:DelusionalIgnorant Or liars#FBPE #StopBrexit 
#Brexit is the last chapter on our journey to a destination of pompous mediocrity. Remaining in the #EU  we have a chance to evolve into something greater. We must redouble the fight against the agents of reaction and small minded insularity. The tide is turning...be of hope 
If Labour is worried about alienating Pro Brexit voters for a possible General Election, then it’s both cynical & a complete derogation of responsibility. It doesn’t reflect Scotlands voice either. This has same hallmarks of New Labour #brexit #BrexitShambles @theSNP @DundeeSNP 
Thank you @ChukaUmunna and @Anna_Soubry for standing up and being counted.If ever there was a cross-party issue Brexit is it.#StopBrexit #brexitshambles #FBPE 
So, David Davis hasn't visited Brussels for Brexit talks yet this year and he hasn't been in Northern Ireland since September 2016.All this while I'm #inLimbo.#Brexit #FBPE #ABTV #OFOC@StevePeers @IanDunt @GuitarMoog 
Tomorrow's Spring Statement from the Chancellor should finally bury the Treasury scare that a Brexit vote in June 2016 would mean an immediate and deep recession. Economy has kept growing, public finances improving. Once Brexit terms fixed UK economy is well placed to push ahead. 
Thanks to the 15,201 who signed the @libdems petition calling on @theresa_may 'not to sell Britain out' after #Brexit. She must protect our environmental & animal welfare standards, workers rights & ensure that our NHS isn't opened up to privatisation in any future trade deal.  
Scotland’s Daily Record on the awful guddle Labour is in over brexit. Scotland voted to remain in the EU, anything less is a poorer outcome.  
1/ Xenophobia is not racism. It stems from frightened & insecure people clinging to the group/nation & so being hostile to outsiders, claiming privileged status for insiders, and fearing enemies within.It is being ruthlessly exploited by the #Brexit elite.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Our self-imposed ‘red lines’ have boxed the government into a corner. They are so tilted to ultra Brexit opinion, even the cabinet cannot agree them. 125,000 jobs with Japanese companies are at risk post-#Brexit. 
Save the date!! March for Europe on Sat 24 March in Edinburgh! Start 14.00 at St Giles, march to Scottish Parliament - make our voices heard! we CAN stop Brexit!! #ofoc #democracyonbrexit #FBPE #StopBrexit #remain 
London's subway has banned an advertisement aimed at encouraging British businesses worried about Brexit to move across the English Channel and set up shop in Normandy, a region in northern France  
Big thanks to @OleRyborg for my #Brexit mackerel from Denmark! (“We’re all in the same boat” it says)  
#Brexit discussions are taking place in the House of Lords today. The EU Withdrawal Bill is being debated as we speak, and worryingly it could allow a roll back on human rights. We’ve explained it all here   
I wrote this because I couldn't find a good explainer online. Kids are hearing about #repealthe8th & the abortion referendum & asking questions so if you have kids in your life you might find this useful  
Parliament provided for a referendum mechanism in the 2011 Act to ensure the public should be consulted on any significant EU treaty change. Govt is trying to pull a fast one & repeal their existing legal obligation to hold a referendum on the Brexit deal without anyone noticing. 
Ministerial panic at the prospect of defeat over #Brexit and key domestic policies has created the most inactive parliament for at least two decades. 
Anna Soubry and Chuka Umunna: Brexit generation will never forgive us if we fail‘For first time ever, a government is set on a course which, on its own admission, will make us less prosperous’Good to see true patriots coming together on Brexit 
"A society is only three meals away from anarchy."Wait till the supermarkets empty because all the food is stuck at the borders. The whole country will rage and riot against Brexit then - but it'll be too late: 
Brexit will negatively affect your local services.If you don't want to vote for a pro-Brexit party at the local elections on May 3rd, you have a choice of Green or LibDem Think. Vote. Remain.#ABTV 
Vince Cable, not Brexit voters, is the one stuck in the past  via @SpecCoffeeHouse 
German trade with the UK fell 2% last year, whilst its exporters reported trade with the rest of the world grew 5%. An explosion in post #Brexit red tape blamed. One in 12 German companies planning to move investment out of UK to other EU countries. 
Come one, Come all !Whatever your tribe, or where you're from,Defend our land from the #Brexit fall.It's bad for me, it's bad for you.Whatever you can do, do it now (write, tweet, petition, demonstrate),Above all tell others "we are not the few"We are rising. #StopBrexit 
"The Beeb is bound by impartiality rules."You are having a laugh???@BBC is totally biased against #Brexit,@realDonaldTrump etc.@Ofcom should keep them in line but they are just a toothless watchdog who do nothing. 
Vince Cable is absolutely right about nostalgic Brexit voters, and people like Nigel Farage know it  Brexiters trying to "suppress an uncomfortable truth". 
David Davis hasn't visited Brussels for Brexit talks yet this year  So it's not just British citizens that Davis can't be bothered to meet. How has this man still got a job? 
This does not miss Labour and hit the wall: Labour’s position on Brexit is “type of cherry picking that would make Boris Johnson blush.” And 
Ah, the Vince Cable backlash.To say that racism was decision in the Brexit vote is not remotely the same as saying that 17.5m voters were racists.Even if just 10% of them voted based on race issues, that's the margin of victory right there. 
I've written a piece for @IndyVoiceson why Vince Cable has nothing to apologise for - he's absolutely right about nostalgic Brexit voters.@vincecable  
The "Referendum Lock Act" was designed to avoid any transfer of powers to EU unless people give approval in a referendum. Arguably applies to May's #Brexit deal. No wonder she's trying to scrap it... 
Why both wings of the Tory Party are pretending to back Theresa May on #Brexit. My latest blog for @carnegieeurope 
Seems perfectly apt for "Scottish" Labour to go full speed ahead on Brexit whilst pissing over the memory of Donald Dewar and Devolution 
Make no mistake, "it was a UK wide referendum" is shorthand for "you'll do what Englands electorate tells you to do, and be grateful." 
Some of us believe in a Global Britain. To brand all those who supported #Brexit as white, old, and racist is cheap and wrong.  
Brexit, 'respect the will of the people', they say. The people of Wales have twice voted for devolution, and every opinion poll shows that Wales wants more powers devolved.Respect the will of the people of Wales. No Power Grab.  
#SenateChairman Independent Senator from Chagai Balochistan elected Chairman Senate! Congratulations to the people of Balochistan & a historic day for democracy in Pakistan! N League non sense continues: if it wins its referendum against Judiciary, if they lose, its SAAZISH! 
Also note that the real barrier to stopping *imports* is at the WTO level... so Brexit helps nothing. The EU has been stellar here. Since 2010, we've banned seal fur from the Single Market... battling Canada & Norway at the WTO in order to do so.   
An obnoxious slur against the 17.4m who voted #Brexit. If #VinceCable wants to see racism then he should take a look in the mirror at the anti-white racist staring back. Time to retire Vince. 
US Officials say the UK will have to "concede everything" for a post-Brexit trade deal. That would mean lower standards that would make a Free Trade Agreement with the EU impossible.  
Why won't people vote Lib-Dem?Because they have functional memories.Because they don't like being lied to.Because reds under the bed smear-mongering is lame.Because the root cause of Brexit was the Lib-Dems enabling Tory austerity dogma & unprecedented wage repression.  
Agree with @vincecable on all the anti Brexit ‘vanity project’ parties. Divided we fall, united we can beat Brexit.  
Russians have donated £826,000 to the Tory Party since the EU referendum. Imagine the outcry if Labour had received a similar sum from the citizens of a country apparently behind a terrorist attack on UK soil 
Wealthy pro-EU campaigners should stop agitating for a second referendum, accept the 2016 result and work to help make a success of Brexit 
Those who want to stop #Brexit have to understand that another referendum where 50 plus 1 wins won't work. It would have to be a majority of well over 60% before it would have any legitimacy & stifle leaves demand to honour the first referendum. 
Since the EU referendum, elite Remainers have called Leave voters racist, xenophobic and dim. But Vince Cable's ugly comments remind us that it is him and his ilk, not ordinary Brexiteers, who are fuelled by hatred, says @Tom_Slater_ 
[REPOST] #Brexit strongly linked to xenophobia, scientists conclude. ‘I think the Leave campaign gave a new, acceptable way to express xenophobia’. These findings were true regardless of voter age, gender or education.  
Nail on the head, too many fell for the lies the of the Leave campaign's promises to alleviate the consequences of the political choices of a government which had nothing whatsoever to do with the EU, look no further than this embarrassing video, embarrassing if you fell for it.. 
I feel that pointing out the UK's chief #Brexit negotiator hasn't attended any Brussels negotiations this year is a legitimate criticism, but then keeping David Davis as far away from the process as possible seems like a sound strategic decision, so...  
Warning: Intelligence sources suggest a massive distraction attack will hit Westminster on Monday afternoon. Likely casualties include any spotlight on the shambles budget due tomorrow, on the stalling of Brexit negotiations or on the privatisation of the NHS.  
Splendid thread debunking the newly emerged Brexiter narrative that since the Remain campaign warned voters that Brexit would cause economic damage this 'proves' that those who voted leave voted for economic damage.  
Remainers made the blue passport an issue when they lied about it costing the nation millions "because of Brexit".Also the majority of older people support our links with a predominantly BME (2.3 billion) Commonwealth!Get a grip you silly man!  
Thanks - and you are right.  Defending Scotland ‘s democracy, maintaining its links with Europe and listening to people’s #Brexit views  is what I have been tasked to do and that is what I will go on doing as long as @ScotGovFM wants me to. 
@Femi_Sorry we need to unite ppl but I’m really glad @vincecable spoke out and  is trying to address the issue rather than ignore it like @jeremycorbyn. Now we know there’s no tangible Brexit benefits, people need to understand why xenophobia is wrong as that’s all they’ve left! 
Not only would MPs on a free vote support SM/CU membership, so, according to opinion polls, would the British public. There is simply no basis to claim that the Referendum result means it is the 'will of the people' to leave SM/CU.  
MUST-READ: Anna Soubry and Chuka Umunna: The Brexit generation will never forgive our parties if we fail   Please RT to help this message reach a bigger audience 
“The Brexit generation will never forgive our parties if we fail” | our co-chairs @ChukaUmunna & @Anna_Soubry’s joint piece in today’s @EveningStandard  
The very ignorant Vince Cable seems to be unaware that it wasn't just white people who voted for Brexit.  
Wow. So we HAVEN’T seen all of the #Brexit impact assessments. What is it that has been withheld? How bad a picture does it paint? Hopefully the @GoodLawProject @JolyonMaugham case is still going ahead, as we surely have a right to know. #FinalSay #FBPE 
Even fans of the EU are getting fed up of its bullying approach to the Brexit talks  
If - God forbid - you were @theresa_may, wouldn't you be keen for one of the legal challenges to Brexit to succeed? It would be a priceless get-out-of-jail card. #A50Challenge 
Agenda for this week's Brexit talks includes citizens' rights - seems that the talks have not been suspended as some believed.  
Corbyn has actively enabled Brexit. He's whipped his MPs to support it. He wants to leave, always has done. His record shows he has been against the EU ever since he was elected to parliament. He was invited to ally with Greens, Plaid, SNP and LibDems. He refused.  
May’s Brexit will block ports and cripple business. Time to stop pretending | Jonathan Lis  
Furthermore, the blockage to a fur ban happens at WTO level, not the EU-level. So Brexit helps nothing.In fact, at the EU level the European people (and European Parliament) have kept out seal fur since 2010, through battles at WTO vs Canada & Norway: 
Just 24? Just? These are powers legitimately held by Scottish parliament since devolution began. That WM seeks to thieve even one, let alone 24, using Brexit as an excuse, is an outrage we will NOT stand for. 
Six in 10 Britons think Theresa May will fail to get good Brexit deal, exclusive new poll finds  
And 37% of electorate voted for Brexit. Coincidence?  
England's History X.The people supporting racism then are no doubt supporting Brexit now.If they're still alive.#FBPE 
Good for the rather calm philosopher John Gray for declaring he’s pro-Brexit on Desert Island Discs. Smart guy: Oxford, LSE, Harvard, Yale - says academia attacks Brexit views as retrospective, nationalist, even racist, of imperial past. But he sees EU as a past imperial project 
To what extent do you agree with the view that the vote for #Brexit was ‘driven by nostalgia’?RETWEET & VOTE  #yourvoicematters 
Have voters changed their minds about Brexit?  #brexit #EU RETWEET & VOTE  #yourvoicematters 
Another excellent letter from Jill Stephenson.The SNP do not want the UK Government to achieve a good Brexit deal & they will do everything possible to make sure it doesn't.  
Anna Soubry and Chuka Umunna write a joint article on how to avoid the betrayal of Brexit  
#HateSpeech Tyrant @AmberRuddHR introducing her #PoliceState to #Britain 2018 she wishes to destroy #FreeSpeech & I am sure would love to arrest all those pesky #Brexiteers! #BBC #SKY @LBC #LBC @ConHome @CCHQPress #Tory @Conservatives #ConservativeParty #UK #AmberRudd #EU #BREXIT  
LETS BE CLEAR-there we have it. The European Union Act 2011 complicates matters over #Brexit-Now a legal battle is inevitable-Important to vote down that part of the #EUWithdrawalBill going thru Parliament that is trying to undo & circumvent the 2011 Act. 
The most malign influence on social media at the moment is the #FBPE brigade.a) The Tories own Brexit NOT LABb) LAB cannot stop Brexit. They don't have the parliamentary numbers. The Tories & DUP hold a majority.c) Voting against LAB emboldens a hard Tory Brexit & the Tories 
Have voters changed their minds about Brexit?Yes. A majority would now vote to #Remain in the EU, polls show.Leavers and Don’t Knows are switching to #Remain.And there is growing backing for a #FinalSay referendum, with an option to #StopBrexit. 
There’s no end to it... our lives at the mercy of the Daily Mail?!  Theresa May's Brexit plan to register millions of EU citizens risks descending into 'chaos'  1/ 
Anti-Brexit group @BestForBritain tells its supporters to pursue an "aggressive" strategy of "direct action" against Leave-supporting MPs. Cheekily also tells them to fib to land surgery appointments: 
Anti-Brexit Group @BestForBritain Calls For 'Aggressive Direct Action' Against Leave-Supporting MPs:  
Every now and then you stumble across a thread of fascists spouting evil against anyone who isn't them. There was a time when we thought government was there to protect society from the Extreme Right.  #Fascism #Brexit #Hate 
80% of the press by circulation, aided and abetted by the BBC, is peddling the same ERG-Farageist-Breitbart propaganda. This is the biggest challenge facing Remainers fighting to overcome the sham democracy of #Brexit politics. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Sturgeon's planning an ANT BREXIT? Dear God, is there nothing these vile Nats won't stoop to?  
When will the technocrats at @hmtreasury understand that the flawed economics of austerity has bred, and will breed further political discontent? For which UK economy is paying a high price? #brexit 
Thom Yorke interrupted his stream of cryptic tweets to lament a new Brexit scandal  
Post-Brexit delays at UK borders 'could endanger time-sensitive transplant operations'  
Prominent Tory backbench Jacob Rees-Mogg has urged the Government to spend the "Brexit dividend" on the NHS ahead of the Chancellor's spring statement  
So Dr Vincent Cable has triggered some Brexshitters by pointing out that it's a foolish idea and democracy should continue to exist despite BarryPatriot666 from Romford / Russia (who has one follower and a union jack image) saying "Get on with it,  hard Brexit NOW" 
I cannot support Labour in its present stance on Brexit. I wish to retain ALL my EU rights and protections of the last 43 years & nobody has the  right to deny them to me OR remove them from me.. JC & Labour will not get my vote on their current course 
Anna Soubry and Chuka Umunna: The Brexit generation will never forgive our parties if we fail  
The Government is still trying to cover up the fact that its Brexit proposals are unworkable, undeliverable and will make us all poorer. #StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
Government says post-Brexit US trade deal won't result in UK importing toxic material, as we already produce plenty of our own:  
 "It's important people do believe it can be stopped because the biggest problem we have now is the slightly fatalistic view that nothing can be done. It can be done and it will be done because Brexit is simply wrong.” 
Vince Cable accuses older people who voted Brexit of crushing the hopes and aspirations of young people.*cough* tuition fees *cough* 
Working class labour voters voted Brexit because politicians like you deserted them. Swamped communities , compressed wages , bad outcomes on health education & housing...  
I've never voted Tory in my long life. Before the Brexit insanity, I've always voted tactically against. But such is the vile poison of Brexit that I'm now forced to block left lunatics as well as the rabid right. I stand with good Tories & anyone else who will help #StopBrexit 
A mistake reveals a plot by leading Brexiters to ditch EU food standards  to secure a US trade deal. Thanks to @MollyMEP for bringing this to public attention. #BrexitBetraysBritain#Brexit #StopBrexit 
Why is Cable back-pedalling on this? Of course most Brexit supporters are racists! It's blindingly bloody obvious. And of course he said they were. And of course every study has found them to be predominantly xenophobic, if not outright racists. 
I appreciate it must be frustrating being so pig-ignorant of the issue at hand, but railing at me isn’t going to make it any easier.As with so much to do with Brexit you were simply arrogant enough to think the rest of the world doesn’t matter. 
 Details on this week’s round of #Brexit negotiations @EU_Commission are available online: topics include Ireland/Northern Ireland, transition, #citizensrights & other separation issues:  
Brexit is not the most important issue facing the UK rather it is a sympthom of the most important issue of the last few decades which is the transfer of large amounts of public property & wealth to the hands of a tiny minority of rich people and corporations #NeoLiberalism 
May to proceed with Brexit bill, despite no amendments being agreed by devolved authorities. 'Leave the governing to us' say No 10. Looks like the last bastion against hard-brexiteers will be the House of Lords who'll consider if the changes are legal.  What could go wrong  
They are working together to con the fishermenThey have already agreed to trade fishing watersThe fisher folk are furiousOne of your big fat Tories here in Aberdeenshire has just said"IIll never vote Tory again"And he was part of your Brexit Campaign  
Brexit: Why Britain Left the European Union. My new video for @prageru. 
New study on “Red Tape” Cost of #Brexit: £27bn for UK firms, £31bn for EU27 firms. Around 70% in just 5 sectors. Could be cut to £17bn UK + £14 EU in a customs union. Bigger firms can partly mitigate costs; small companies will be least able to do so… 
For those saying that science isn't political, and that scientists need to steer clear of discussion of Brexit, the top 5 sectors hit hardest in the UK include "automotive, agriculture, food and drink, chemicals and plastics".  
Ollie Olanipekun speaks to @adamboultonSKY about the #Swindled ad campaign. It’s not too late to fix Brexit as we don't want to end up with the flat burger after #Brexit..Ideally a #FinalSay would be great.. our future is at stake as it's the young who are going to inherit brexit  
Another leave lie. This pre referendum leaflet says unless we leave EU we can't make deals with countries like India. France did last week  
The UK will quit the EU fishing regime after Brexit, Philip Hammond has said  
Defections to Lib Dem’s, once they start, could totally change the dynamics in parliament. This will be  another one of the many challenges to #Brexit ever happening. I remain quietly confident that #Brexit will fall off the rails soon enough.  
OK ... I'll ask the question ?  Have you changed your mind on #Brexit ? 
"It will be criminally irresponsible for it to be denied. Every elder statesman in our country, and the overwhelming majority of informed opinion, is clamouring that Brexit is a terrible mistake."  
LibDem leader Vince Cable wrong, divisive and disrespectful to say Brexit voters driven by "White Nostalgia"From Croydon to Copeland Brexit voters driven by vision to take back control of our borders, laws and money and to make immigration fair - I tell #VictoriaLIVE 
MUST-READ: The costs of Brexit mean we are entitled to ‘ask whether the whole thing is worth it’  
I am seeing many tweets about #CommonWealthDay today. Doesn't sharing our monarch with 53 countries involve a loss of Sovreignty? I think it is probably time we had a referendum about leaving the #CommonWealth - don't you? #StopBrexit #ABTV #FBPE 
It's almost like the Scottish Tories know that their party is about to throw Scottish fishing under a Brexit bus.  
Vince Cable: Tory and Labour MPs are considering defecting to the Lib Dems over Brexit  
We are determined to ensure Brexit delivers for Britain's fishing communities.  
All the Tories have to do to win the next GE:Cut back in foreign aid. Use this money and Brexit savings to spend on the NHSPut that on the side of a blue bus. Find something else for Phillip Hammond to do. Find a senior position for Jacob Reed-Mogg  
May needs to stand up to the Brexit ultras and get real on the Irish border issue once and for all. Further delays in the Brexit talks risks an economic shock the vast majority of us can ill afford.  
I am done with the Conservatives. I rejoined them after the demise of UKIP but May is not what I consider a conservative nor do I like their policy of lying and deception in regard to brexit. They are not fit to be in government now the job starts to find someone else. 
But @ GovUK wishing in place a frictionless border ( whilst maintaining its red lines) will apparently make this reality - like all #Brexit reality - vanish....Post-Brexit border checks 'may triple queues' to port - BBC News  
The letter makes no mention of Brexit whatsoever. Celebs didn't call for Govt to "use Brexit". Read it for yourself: 
For the first time the cost of Brexit has been calculated from bottom up, revealing Britain’s small businesses are most at risk. An estimated 65,000 UK companies with fewer than 50 employees trade only with EU & Brexit threatens to bring considerable costs  
It's very easy, Jon.If you want to prove to us you're NOT a nationalist racist xenophobe, just name one practical, tangible and realistic benefit of Brexit for our daily lives.#FBPE  
Crucial point. History is now being re-written to claim that those who voted leave did so knowing and accepting it would have negative economic impact. In fact, even now, they don't e.g. 75% UKIP voters think economic effect of Brexit will be positive:  
So #VinceCable claims the #Brexit vote was driven by nostalgia for a world where faces were white. Perhaps he would like to explain how leaving a #political union of predominantly white #European Nations has anything to do with his insulting assumption? 
84 years young and fighting brexit. Respect dear lady. Our thanks to you and we bow to your wisdom. #FBPE #WATON #ABTV 
He is right.Brexit: Older Leave voters nostalgic for 'white' Britain, says Cable - BBC News  
Today’s Record View is on Labour’s Brexit stance. We’re unconvinced.  
And note that the celebrity-studded letter said no such thing about using Brexit to ban fur. There's no mention of Brexit within it at all. The Telegraph utterly mis-represented them.Here's the letter. Read it for yourselves: 
EU bullying and Blair’s ‘Project Patronise’ reaffirm why so many of us voted for Brexit in the first place  via @BrexitCentral 
Standing up for what #Scotland voted for & protecting devolution is NOT 'grandstanding', it's the day job, the day job that #SNP are barraged to get on with by UK & Scottish unionists. #Brexit is England's mess & we'll do whatever we can to protect ourselves from the worst of it. 
UKIP won millions of votes, a national election, and forced the referendum that changed the course of British history. But now the establishment wants to pretend they weren't a real political party so they can hit their supporters with a huge tax bill! 
There's a cognitive crack in the Leavers' mentality - Britain is both powerful & a wailing victim. But that gives strength to the Brexit leaders - the more Leavers feel like victims, the more they hate Remainers & admire power, and that's great for far-right nationalist politics. 
Trolls will us these phrases:Labour voter all my life but will never vote for them again (they never voted Labour)I'm voting for an anti brexit party (although there isn't one)I'm cutting up my Labour membership card (even though they never had one)Troll attack in 3...2...1..  
And this is exactly why rich brexitears like rees-mogg, boris, may, gove, farage, banks, dacre, murdoch, dyson and crew want brexit to happen at the expense of those poor mugs they misled in order to achieve that. If I were a leave voter, i'd be furious i'd been duped like this.  
The commonwealth is an extraordinary partnership of 53 diverse countries spanning Africa, Asia, the America’s, Europe and the Pacific. Post #Brexit we have the opportunity to strengthen our Commonwealth ties and take a leading role in liberalising global trade #CommonwealthDay  
This strong tough no nonsense leader would sort out Brexit!  
"Celebrities call on Government to use Brexit to ban fur imports" says The Telegraph...Except that they didn't. This is utterly fraudulent. Read the celeb-studded letter for yourself here: It makes no mention of Brexit. *None* 
Is it just me or do others think that the longer this goes on the mind is boggling more and more as to how leave voters are still blind to the facts & impacts of brexit.. and still want to continue on a crash course.... on the basis of the lies they've been force fed. 
Thankfully @Feorlean is the least likely person in @theSNP to get back in his box. He has a mandate to strive to keep Scotland in the #SingleMarket & #CustomsUnion & to defend the devolved settlement & will continue to do so #Brexit #ScotlandsPlaceInEurope 
THERESA MAY has only ONE logical and rational decision to make - RESPECT the result and HONOUR Brexit, as she promised! There should be no need to negotiate ANYTHING! Our default position should be exactly as it was before we were stealthily taken into This dictatorship 
The @BBC must not be afraid to report on #Brexit. This is the most important issue of our generation and the people must be informed.  
It is a sad fact that 52 schools in Sutton are facing cuts. The Govt must focus on the things that matter. Chaotic disastrous #Brexit is eating up all Govt time and money.  
You can shove your commonwealth day up your @rseMainly a group of nations brits overran, suppressed the indiginous people & milkedMany are no longer run by their native peope or have become tax havensSo your understanding is about as good as your understanding of #brexit.  
Discussing #Brexit talks with EU27 negotiator @MichelBarnier ahead of March #EUCO. 
MUST WATCH | Brexit hero @Nigel_Farage explains brilliantly why 17.4m people voted to leave the failed, corrupt, anti-democratic European Union. 
If you run out of lies, just repeat the old ones.Jacob Rees-Mogg calls for 'Brexit dividend' to be spent on NHS  
In less than 2 months, I will propose the new long term #EUBudget post #Brexit. The 3 lessons I draw from the debates w/ politicians, experts and citizens & my visits to 21 out of 27 #EU capitals:  
The Brexiters who were shouting about how buccaneering global Britain doesn't need the sclerotic EU & how we hold all the cards are now whining piteously about being bullied by Brussels. How bloody pathetic can you get! #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit 
Please RT this. It’s very important. Right wing Press quoting ‘Polls’.....Re Brexit please choose. 
OH THE IRONYVince Cable sneeringly criticises Brexit voters for being "driven by nostalgia" for a world where "faces were white". Here's the current LibDem lineup of MPs.  
Tories own Brexit with all its divisions. Criticising Cable for stating the bleedin' obvious is like blaming the canary for the colliery disaster.  
A minor increase in NHS spend at the cost of the free time of staff, and misdirection to cover the lack of functional Gov't via a litter levy.  It is clear  that Gov't are completely consumed with the Brexit abyss they're staring into.  
Let’s see if the BBC thinks this story is worth covering..Brexit: Euroclear confirms headquarters move from London to Brussels  
Ex Foreign & Home Sec Jack Straw just told me on @talkRADIO that we’d be more likely to get allies’ backing for sanctions vs Russia over spy poisoning if we’d voted to remain in the EU. Is there *anything* they won’t blame on Brexit?  
Sir Michael Caine has hailed Brexit as an opportunity for the UK to re-find its 'entrepreneurial spirit' He argues bureaucrats in the EU have been stifling British talent over the past 40 years and that Brexit will give a fresh boom to the UK... 
It's a lie to suggest he called all Leave voters racist and you know it. It's also undeniable that racism played a part - and you know that too. Instances of public race hate have rocketed since the referendum, many explicitly citing the Brexit vote. 
“Too many [brexit voters] were driven by a nostalgia for a world where passports were blue, faces were white, and the map was coloured imperial pink.” - Vince Cable is getting grief for stating this simple fact?  
A pro-immigration MP was murdered by a racist in the run-up to a #Brexit vote that rejected free movement. But there’s outrage because @vincecable politely suggests that nostalgia for a more monocultural UK might have been a factor? Our political culture is an absurd farce. 
Probably should but won't. Was there a voting card that I missed during the EU referendum that said. If leave wins, powers should be returned to Westminster?  I seem to recall a vote 11sept ' 97 that was yes yes in favour of devolution. Shouldn't that referendum be respected? 
I talk to white British over 65's a lot. Vince Cable is simply saying what I hear from the Brexit voting cohort every single day.There is very little immigration round here, they get their fears from the Sun and Daily Mail. 
David Davis, Boris Johnson and Oliver Robbins, the most senior civil servant negotiating Brexit, have not even visited Northern Ireland since talks began on preventing a hard border. Extraordinary #Brexit  
Even the British Brexit Corporation acknowledges that Remain is now consistently ahead in the polls.  
This is v interesting, for those wanting actual facts on Brexit.Really interesting graph on migration to the UK by country batch, & age profile. Some v interesting ones on trade. Could @DExEUgov possibly have a peek? Or, I don't know, produce their own?(ht @GermanyonBrexit) 
#Brexit was a key factor in the UK’s economic growth for 2017 being revised downwards The slowdown in household spending, with shoppers facing higher prices, is due to the sharp rise in inflation following the pound’s plunge after the referendum. 
Vince Cable is right of course. Not everyone who voted Brexit is racist and backward looking - but all the backward looking racists voted Brexit. 
I’m starting to get an ever-so-slight, incy-wincy feeling Brexit is not a brilliant idea. Retweet if you are getting it too. 
If Brexit doesn’t happen uk  will recover quickly.  
Have voters changed their minds about Brexit? (NB This piece is by the indefatigable John Curtice and thus must be read.)  
If you agree with @vincecable that we need an #exitfromBrexit, vote for @libdems in local elections to show Tories & Labour you will not let them destroy our country & opportunities for our young people. #brexit 
And the lie gets repeated.The truth: We are already losing £12bn a year in taxes because of this insane policy. And whats the net amount we pay the EU? £9bn.There is no 'Brexit Dividend' but there *is* a 'Brexit Deficit'.  
My impression has always been not everyone who voted for Brexit was racist but every racist voted for Brexit. 
Dear @BBC, I believe your website has been hacked, someone has posted a negative Brexit impact story 
#Putin: Returning #Crimea to @Ukraine is IMPOSSIBLE under any circumstances. #Russia #Crimea #Referendum #History #Prosperity #Forever 
When asked 'is Brexit worth it?', Chancellor Philip Hammond refused to give an answer. He shifted focus with a line on 'the British people have decided'. If the Chancellor thinks that Brexit is a bad idea, why are we still doing it? #StopBrexit #r4today 
I’m in Peterborough on Thursday on my Brexit listening tour - come along to the Brewery Tap pub at 7pm if you’d like to join the conversation  
The most perfect BRexit metaphor ever..!  
I would only add that Brexit will involve reaching out to trade and partner with many countries that are predominantly non-white. Oh dear Vince, you do have egg on your face, don't you?  
WRONG: Vince Cable says Brexit was driven by a nostalgia for 'a world where faces were white'.This shows just how out of touch he really is... 
Caller Tells Andrea Leadsom: “A Hard Brexit Is NOT The Will Of The People!” - LBC  
Julian Lewis MP (@LeaveMnsLeave) attempts to convince us that- The UK is so influential EU would never act on Russia sanctions without consulting the UK, even after Brexit.- but that as a member of the EU UK would have had little influence anyway. 
#VinceCable is right Brexit was brought about by a misguided affection for a Britain that never was and a misplaced desire for a Britain that never could be. 
Another Monday, another chorus of "I'm going to help the Tories stay in power because of #Brexit' from Tory trolls pretending to be "Loyal Labour supporters". 
#Brexit: Second referendum required before Britain can leave the EU under 2011 Tory legislation.Farage will be spitting feathers.  
Have voters changed their minds about Brexit? Yes, bullying by EU, no Project Fear came true! More Leavers now, But we had Vote, end of!  
Good #Brexit news to start your week.  "BOOMING BREXIT BRITAIN" - 11.5% rise in exports.  More good news here:  
Marr: “have you modelled the economic effects? [of your chosen post Brexit model]Hammond: “not yet".You are supposed to analyse the economic effects & THEN make a decision, @PhilipHammondUK, not the other way around. It's like drinking the Kool-Aid & then testing it for poison 
John Humprhys seemed upset with Vince Cable’s fair assessment that many people voted for Brexit out of nostalgia for a time when most faces in Britain were white.Whether they admit it or not, many British people voted for exactly that reason.#r4today 
So many journalists I respected before Brexit came along. So many - including him - that I now don’t.  
The trend is clear. A majority of all voters believe Brexit is a mistake. The case for a #FinalSay (via a referendum or General Election) gets stronger by the day. Time for Labour to embrace it. H/T @VPointon 
Humphrys losing hisover Cable’s speech but Cable standing far taller just confirming the facts. The Brexit vote had a proven white, English racist element to it and Humphrys and the Tories just can’t cope with admitting it. #r4today 
Vince Cable is on the BBC again. Happily though, the man who claims Brexit was driven by 'white nostalgia' is being given a grilling by John Humphrys. I loathe Cable, I just can't listen to him. He irritates, there is something about his slippery style that's profoundly annoying. 
Of course racism was one reason we got Brexit. I don’t see why @vincecable should get the Humphrys hectoring on @BBCr4today for saying so. 
London property prices fall as much as 15% as Brexit effect deepens  
I’d like to RT this on permaloop. @vincecable is the only major politician to say the Brexit emperor is completely naked. Everyone else is fannying around adjusting the emperor’s frilly socks and pretending their Brexit will be “good”  
BBC trying hard to maintain balance in favour of not over-emphasising the swing to Remain. But it’s there: and we need another referendum. “Have voters changed their minds about Brexit? - BBC News  
Brexit: The Foreign Office’s post-Brexit “Global Britain” policy is a meaningless slogan underpinned by no clear political, strategic or funding analysis, MPs have said.  
Not actually listening to his speech is unfair and unwise Daniel. Vince said that 70% of over 65s voted for Brexit for nostalgic reasons. Never said all 17.4m were racist, nor did he mention federal Europe.  
For the record . . . People question why I RT Tory / Brexit tweets.It’s simple.  It’s so other people can see them and react to them.Otherwise, what’s the point, if we just stay in our bubble?Aren’t we here to tell politicians what we think?  To challenge them? 
Vince Cable should apologise for saying Brexit is about racism, say old white racists 
So strange typing out my gt uncs Revolutionary life story. I’m at the part in 1939 when so many families here moved to Ireland and men were seeking a way out of conscription- here I am looking for an Irish passport to find a way out of Brexit 
1) Corbyn is not playing “the long game”2) There is no such thing as a ”jobs-first” Brexit (only a jobs-lost Brexit)3) Just because “he is not in power” doesn’t mean he is powerless4) There is no “opt-in” or “Soft Brexit”5) Brexit *IS* AusterityRT to raise awareness. 
Monday's Datawatch: UK regions that depend most on exporting to the EU are Wales, the North East and Yorkshire. The majority of people in these areas voted to leave the EU in the referendum. In Northern Ireland — which is also reliant on EU trade — most people voted to remain.  
Another brilliant @spectator #Brexit article. The EU has rebuffed us again, so now time for some British backbone. With polls showing 2/3rds of us think the EU has acted like a bully, giving in would be a terrible mistake.  
Some folks got too much selective "wisdom" about one man's wallet and not enough to realize it's not theirs. It's called, making your own life choices and doing what works for your own livelihood and growing from there. Not a global referendum. Truly amusing. 
First up - Russia/spy thing: 2nd uk govt interfering in Scots income tax for army 3rd - UK loss of status for armed forces #brexit 4th - ken Dodd died5th - mark Mcdonald6th - helicopter crash in NY etc#bbcgms Unionist sectarian march in Glasgow? Nope 
I guess after Brexit, the UK finally got some border controls - just over amiable conservatives, not anyone else like say jihadis. 
You know what? I feel this is so true right now-and I just cannot see how this can come to an amicable end for all parties - & I do mean everyone- Brexit has created a massive divide that can never ever be healed-it is so deep rooted in the british psyche - I AM SAD FOR BRITAIN 
Canadian YouTuber and Activist Lauren Southern Denied Entry and Detained in the UK  via @CassandraRules #Brexit #EU #Tyranny 
'No deal' Brexit could cost UK, EU companies 58 billion pounds: report  
Vince Cable complains that #Brexit was the choice of 'Old' people. Presumably our democratic rights end when we're 50 in the UK?Should we call for an 50 yr old age limit on MP's Vince, or does your ageism not extend to your own front door? #SillyOldSod 
Brexit is somewhere between a giant waste of everybody’s time and absolutely absurd .  
Every route to stopping Brexit must be taken, every possibility supported. Brexit will be stopped because we have too much good sense to let it happen. We have lost battles but won wars against those who seek our harm, time & again. And we’ll do it again now. 
Post-Brexit border checks 'may triple queues' to port  
This little thread - it's what it all boils down to primarily. I know many of us @The3Million feel exactly like this. I sure do: I can deal with Brexit (as much as I oppose it it's "dealable"), deal even with the abuse. What remains incomprehensible to me is the apathy.  
Vlad Putin has a cadre of assets in the white house. He probably has assets in the Brexit crowd as well.  He seems to feel pretty good about himself right now. He's neutralized the people who were nagging him & can act like a peace-maker. 
#Brexit and #Scotland. Things the English don't seem to know.1. Scotland got its Parliament after an overwhelming "yes" vote in a referendum in 1997. 
Eesa Fazli of Srinagar & Syed Owais of Kokernag both sacrificed their career. The future engineers choose death over slavery... Scholars blood spilled on roads.. Referendum must echo globally.. 
No to Europe, yes to Saudi Arabia.   #Brexit  
Do you agree with Sir Vince Cable's comments that older Brexit voters were motivated by nostalgia for a world where "faces were white"? Listen:  
Can #FBPEers stop the feckin dreaming by thinking the lIbdems can pick up 326 seats when they only have 12 and thus stop brexit WAKE UP it's not going to happen and all you will have done is enabled the Tory wrecking ball for another 5 years 
Whether you mean to or not, if you're in the North East and still supporting Brexit you are supporting thousands of our fellow North Easterners losing their jobs, livelihoods, houses and futures.  
Alexa, what is ‘Red Brexit’?  
Brexit vote was 'driven by nostalgia' for a world where 'faces were white', Sir Vince Cable claims   
Thoughtful and informative blog on the state of play of Brexit negotiations and the Ireland/NI border from @seandanaher5. Worth noting that the context of the quote from me is that this what the Brexit Ultras think, and NOT what I think ;-) 
Brexit: New delays at UK borders could endanger time-sensitive transplant operations, MPs and MEPs warn.Let’s #StopBrexit and fund our NHS instead. #FBPE. 
Brexit opponents raise alarm over bleak impact analysis reports  
What sweetener? Brexit means that no sweetener for anything will ever exist. Don't fall for it, Scotland.  
To my knowledge, @UKLabour and @Conservatives have never delivered a single manifesto for the many not the few, or policies that work for everyone, EVER! Brexit is their latest and last desperate scapegoat. Why do you believe they will do it after Brexit? 
So two out of three people have been duped by the lies of the tax-dodging #Brexit billionaire press. #LeaveLies are destroying our democracy. Either we defeat the #Brexit elite or our democracy dies.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
I cannot wait for England to rise again. We're all supporting you here in the land Down Under. Godspeed and love to you, our wonderful Pommy cousins!  #England #Brexit #LeaveEU #Q #Qanaon #ReleaseTheVideo #HRCVideo#MarchMadness2018 #TheGreatAwakening 
all the bullshit of Brexit won't explain away the pain. I am returning to Ireland after 33 years and the process is horrendous, its just a minefield, but I'm doing it bc of Brexit as a preference to remain living in the EU, he is being forced out.  
Will British airlines lose their rights to fly to America after Brexit?  
Trolls will us these phrases:Labour voter all my life but will never vote for them again (they never voted Labour)I'm voting for an anti brexit party (although there isn't one)I'm cutting up my Labour membership card (even though they never had one)Troll attack in 3...2...1.. 
All the data, all reason, all common sense, all progressive instinct, together say:Stop Brexit. 
The Brexit assessments the Government didn’t want released have been published – now everyone can see what they were hiding #fbpe  via @LondonEconomic 
I see the Legatum Institute, which totally knows how to do very complex things like Brexit and a frictionless Irish border (with airships) is struggling with less complex stuff like “not imploding”.  
Vince Cable steps up and says what an opposition leader should have been saying for a long time.Brexit is stupid and the UK deserves a final say. The normal Brexit voices and BBC are on the attack. Time for #FBPE to show some love. Pro-EU not tribal.....#abtv 
Peter Hitchens  .... another Brexit patriot who is all too willing to defend Russian interests over the lives and security of British people  
Brexit has not divided the country. It merely exposed divisions, some of which are the product of EU membership. Moreover the bitter divisions on Twitter are not reflective of the country as a whole who are in the main getting on with it and wish the government would do likewise.  
It is very sad, there a a lot of very decent labour councillors, but we must vote against the party leadership on May 3rdTo send the big MESSAGE vote only for ANTI BREXIT partiesLib dems, Greens, SNP, Plaid#FinalSayForAll#ABTV#fbpe#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Great news! If you don't follow @chrisgreybrexit and his outstanding blog, you really should. One of the very best and most perceptive commentators on Brexit.  
For those who fear a deciding referendum on whatever deal the Tories wrest from the EU, here is the trend on Remain vs Leave. @Labour4EU @laboursinglemkt @UKLabour should note. 
Second referendum needed before Brexit can go ahead, legal challenge claims  
Gosh even the French President is better opposition than Jeremy Corbyn!Boris Johnson clashes with Emmanuel Macron over Brexit  
The BBC is just bonkers when it comes to anyone against Brexit. Of course Tory MPs won't applaud Cable - it's not news when some of them say they don't like what he is saying. Backlash? It's biased bollocks.  
My God I'm deeply shocked by this. I know this family thru my children's school, lovelier people you couldn't hope to meetWhat is happening to our country? Brexit has turned the inclusive social-democratic society we had into a racist state.@durham_uni 
Just a thought for the end of the weekendNow, more than ever, as it becomes clear that the devil is in the detail, and Brexit is undeliverable without damage to the UK, don’t give upThis is when standing your ground matters most #StopBrexitSaveBritain#WATON#FBPE 
Dame Judi Dench, Sir Andy Murray, Joanna Lumley and 27 other celebrities call on Government to use Brexit to ban fur imports' | via @telegraph 
Why not ‘backlash for May over Brexit lies’ or ‘backlash for Corbyn over not listening to his party on Brexit’?  
The only person that should be apologising is you Mr @BrandonLewis - for leading a party that is hell-bent on taking us down the road of a destructive #Brexit.  
This is the heart of the DCFTA between the EU and Ukraine. Here a major initiative to align agriculture in Kherson oblast (best watermelons in Europe) with EU markets and standards. Every month there are a dozen such initiatives in Ukrainian regions.The opposite of Brexit  
Late night longthread.Short version: In grasping, increasing desperately, for a solution to Brexit, UK Gov fundamentally misunderstands another EU institution despite the UK having been one of the primary drivers of it.  
That @SkyNews still consider the Wetherspoons man worth consulting on Brexit issues tells us everything we need to know about the state of our withdrawal. 
If Ruth Davidson and Michael Gove feel it's necessary to speak out against Brexit-voting fishermen being stabbed in the back by the government, it means they think there's a good chance the fishermen *will* be stabbed be in the back by the government. 
Brexit: Backlash for Cable over 'white nostalgia' comment  
#Brexit: Second referendum required before Britain can leave #EU, legal challenge claims @JolyonMaugham @WomaninHavana 
This is how people end up worshipping volcanoes. The volcano belches & it rains & they believe the volcano god is the cause. The fact is the world economy is mostly hot. Even the hated EU outperformed US economy last year. Only post-Brexit England is under performing US.  
Pls RT. DON'T BUT A RYANAIR TICKET! Please RT this to show O'Leary what you think of his Brexit bullying protest!  
The Leave campaign had argued that Scotland would take back control over fishing after Brexit  
."A “perfect storm” of post- Brexit uncertainty & President Trump’s protectionist stance could hit thousands of jobs in Wales.". 
Politicians should work to unite not divide the country and show respect to everyone, however they voted in the referendum. 
Brandon.  Your party is leading the electorate up the garden path about Brexit.You are covering up the truth for a group of Brexit extremists and selling our country down the river.  You did a deal with the DUP & hamstring the NHS.You aren’t in a position to preach to anyone. 
It’s difficult to find a model anywhere in the world for any of May’s #Brexit plans. Probably because they are contradictory and undeliverable.That’s what happens when May’s plan is to try to hold together the Tory party rather than act in UK’s interests.  
Remainers should bear this in mind about #FinalSay. Despite overwhelming evidence that any version of Brexit is harmful:  FTA & WTO very harmful, SM/CU less so but pointless, voters are still split on Brexit. Facts & reason don't seem to matter. A bad basis for holding referendum 
The Northern Ireland issue *should* be a red line for Brexit. That it *is* a red line for the EU and yet *isn’t* a red line for the UK government tells you everything you need to know.#StopBrexit 
How Remain could win another referendum.  
Tragic that it took a dissembling Brexit Referendum campaign for millions of Brits to realise what is now being taken away from them.  
What is it about “Brexit means Brexit” that Brexiteers don’t understand?Honestly, they’re like adolescents who want to be independent of their parents but still expect mum and dad to take care of them.  
‘Brexit: New delays at UK borders could endanger time-sensitive transplant operations’‘Irish donors gave more than 1,000 organs to the UK in recent years’Still, at least we can die happy, clutching our blue passports, having taken back control. 
Scottish Labour conference backs Corbyn on Brexit.  
Spare a thought for the battle fevered white supremacist brexit inbreds who awoke at 6am with self entitlement coursing through their veins as they marched on their dilapidated stadium to watch their indebted tribute act lose to a 10 men Celtic team with #7inarow just weeks away 
As a not young 45year old, and a father the whole situation is utter crazy!!! To see the younger generation have these opportunities taken away by brexit is astonishing. But the younger generation are the key to this argument, be brave never give up the fight brexit!!! 
Lib Dem leader warns of toxic fallout of Brexit referendum  
Fishermen want immediate exit from EU policy post-Brexit. The Scottish Fishermen's Federation Chief Executive shockingly says: "under the present arrangements EU vessels harvest 10 more fish from our waters than we do from theirs." This cannot continue!  
Scottish Labour supports Corbyn's customs union but no single mkt policy: 'unity' at cost of harder brexit. Hard to equate with tackling poverty & inequality 
Unbelievable, but seemingly true. Just as the last thing Remainers want is a successful post-Brexit UK. Amazing really.  
@vincecable is absolutely spot on. I know it’s not that comforting that your core support is over 70 & that people who voted #brexit are ill-informed/deluded and you’re following them down a ruinous path but I do feel it is you Mr Lewis that should be apologising to the nation! 
You are correct Brandon. An apology is owed to millions. For lying to them about non-existent Brexit benefits then holding them to a vote obtained through deception. Brexit will destroy your party if you allow it. 
Xenophobia trumps all in May’s Brexit Britain. Read this thread and weep.  
Vince Cable likes to portray himself as reasonable yet casually dismisses 17.4m people as racists. #Brexit is the opposite of nostalgia. We are breaking free from a declining trade bloc and embracing the growing markets across the world.  
Cornish people are furious about cream going on a scone before jam?They should be more concerned about the hundreds of millions of pounds of EU funding that they’re going to lose, having voted for Brexit.Have a word with yourself, Cornwall. 
Quote whatever you like. Actions speak louder than words and Labour are sacrificing Freedom of Movement on the Brexit altar.   
The more I think about this the more angry it makes me. Mr Invisible is using divisive language to seek attention rather than helping to unite the country. We are focused on a Brexit that works for everyone, he’s just shouting “notice me!!!” 
Brexit will leave future generations to “bear the brunt of another right-wing ideological experiment”  
....it wasn’t that he looked at the opportunities that would replace FOM in the EU; it wasn’t that he looked at the impact on my business; it was that, “something needed to be done about immigration”. How did so many confuse their priorities so badly over Brexit? 
We have all learned over the weekend: Hackers have stolen text on #Brexit from @GermanyDiplo . Wonder why. All public on this issue. If there is one secret, it is that there is none :-) We mean what we say on brexit and we say what we mean. 
This is very important. When it comes to the point of no return over calling a second (mandated) independence referendum - let it be clear that every other fair option was exhausted before making the decision.  
Fact check:Current EU rules are descriminatory.IE those from EU (predominantly white) countries are favoured over non-EU.Post Brexit rules:Who the individual is (skills, lawfulness) not where they’re from. Vince Cable prefers white advantage.  
Vince Cable to attack Jeremy Corbyn for ’claiming to speak for the poor’ while backing Brexit  
I'm of mixed race and voted for Brexit. I'm British and immensely proud of it. Unlike most politicians, I've bothered to learn about the history & achievements of this Island Race. What is not properly taught in schools is that we are exceptional. We owe Europe NOTHING. 
There is no ‘Brexit dividend’. The Brexit loss so far is already greater than our 0.5% GDP net contribution... and pulling the plug on the single market loses more. You can’t generously spend money already burned. The ‘Brexit dividend’ is a vapid ruse.  
By backing Brexit, Corbyn is letting down the very people he claims to defend.Brexit will make us all poorer but will hit the poorest hardest.We need an exit from Brexit. 
When nationalism rears its head in an established nation it usually means 2 things:1.  A power grab by a segment of the elite.2. The curtailment of individual freedoms. That's #Brexit.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Ah! Those wonderful nostalgic @LibDems party conferences, where all the faces are white! #Brexit #Cable 
1 in 3 ethnic minorities voted for Brexit, as did nearly half of 25-49 yr olds and one in four 18-24 yr oldsTry saying this on the doorsteps of Birmingham, Slough or Luton...Lazy stereotypes not helpful 
Brexit is very dangerous for time-sensitive organs for transplantation trying to cross the border. #NHS #Brexit 
Legal challenge says 2011 law means we need a public vote on any Brexit deal.The 2011 ‘referendum lock’, introduced by David Cameron, prevents any significant change to relations with the EU without the public’s say.  
BBC News - Restaurants warn chancellor over 'damaging closures' . It’s supply and demand. Too many restaurants rushed to open and now find they are short of customers. You signed the leases stop blaming brexit or rates. 
Look at my face, Vince. #Brexit has nothing to do with whether you're white or not. It's about democracy and freedom - something your party doesn't seem to understand.  
The Foreign Secretary’s weakness in dealing with Russia pre and post Salisbury is, alas, tied up with Brexit. When you start severing relations with your democratic neighbours, & you are personally responsible for doing so, you have to try to keep Trump, Putin & Xi on board. 
Strip away the layers and Brexit becomes ever more murky....We have to keep sharing this over & over again. #FBPE #StopBrexitSaveBritain #Remain#ABTV #WATON 
Labour must represent its young voters, who are overwhelmingly pro-Remain. It's therefore crucial that @YoungLabourUK be led by those who know Brexit is a disaster and are willing to oppose it. 
Prue Leith has a son who works for the Legatum Institute. Prue herself also has involvement with Legatum. Legatum specialise in Disaster Capitalism and are presently advising our Government. @BorisJohnson & @montie amongst other Tories are involved. #Brexit #StopBrexit #FBPE 
My beautiful European cat Turkey died last week.  But the fight to stop Brexit goes on. #FBPE 
People who say this (eg Vince Cable) highlight why 17.4m voted Brexit: we’ve had enough of being told our opinions are inferior to those of the political elite.  
CONDESCENDING PRIGVince Cable said that too many older people who voted for Brexit were "driven by nostalgia" for a world where "faces were white". The LibDem leader said the votes of the older generation had "crushed the hopes & aspirations of young people for years to come."  
Tomorrow's front page: The Tory devo demolition job: Outrage as Westminster Government ignores Scotland and Wales over Brexit Bill amendment  
Brexit WALKOUT: No deal on the cards as UK ministers left fed up with stubborn EU  
Jacob Rees-Mogg declares: It’s time for BRITAIN to rule Britain!  via @Your Brexit 
Older Leave voters nostalgic for white Britain, says Vince Cable, cuing outrage from #Brexit fans.Evidence actually indicates no strong correlation between age & racism.But there does seem to be one between racism & voting Leave.(Of course, not all Leave voters are racist.)  
Brexit will mean we won’t have NHS any ’ll be a voraciously commercial outfit that’ll be rebranded as the IDS 
Vince Cable: By supporting Brexit Jeremy Corbyn is letting down the people he claims to be defending. "You cannot speak up for the poor and be complicit in making the country poorer,"#brexitshambles  
Gosh, what an insult to the public, not least to the many Brexit voters from ethnic minority groups.  
Just like in Kirkuk after the referendum, the international community is abandoning the Kurds despite of their sacrifices in defeating the Islamic state. That’s why now we should all stand together as one for #Afrin and raise our voices for the Kurds in Syria before it’s too late 
I wish American companies would invest in Britain when our closest ally needs it the most.They're so dependent on money right now, moreso after Brexit takes effect, they're beholden to Russian Oligarch cash. Putin knows it.That's dangerous to the strength democracy worldwide.  
Does anyone think that Brexit is turning into a stealthy right wing coup? Or am I just being paranoid...?#Stopbrexit #A50Challenge 
I cannot believe how many people tell me I should put up with the outcome of the EU referendum when they would not dream of abandoning their principles if their party lost in a general election.I WILL NOT PUT UP WITH THIS DISASTROUS BREXIT. 
"It makes the negotiations illegal without a second referendum because the planned transition period is likely to mean a big transfer of powers to Brussels"Agreed. 
I voted for #Brexit for many reasons. Too many for a simple tweet! But I have no issue with being one of the 35% of Brits of Asian origin who voted to leave. Very simplistically, I would rather drive and steer my own vehicle than be a passenger in someone else’s. 
Vince Cable on Corbyn & Brexit ‘You can’t speak up for the poor & be complicit in making them poorer’ Ouch! #libdemconf 
Brexit without sovereignty is no Brexit’ – Rees Mogg says Britain must rule Britain      
This is exactly right and is the same for all businesses. Brexit is not an issue. The real menace is the possibility of a Corbyn Labour government bringing economic catastrophe to Britain.  
Selfish? Petty? Not one of those policies, as great as they are, are going to be remotely possible unless we stop Brexit. It really is over-encompassing. I say this as a mother, a carer of disabled people, and an autistic person. Do not underestimate how important Brexit is.  
"Let's protect public services and get an exit from Brexit..." The sort of speech a leader of HM official opposition should be making. 
Brexit won't rebalance this country for the regions that have been left behind.It will only make things worse for them. 
This really is the psychology of Brexit in a nutshell. @EmmanuelMacron tweets about wanting to get more Indian students to come to France. @BorisJohnson is so arrogant and, but with such victim complex, that he assumes it was a pop at the UK & that he should respond. 1/ 
We really and truly believe that Brexit is not going to happen.Do you?How can it when there are no solutions to the insolvable problems? When all the economic forecasts are catastrophic? When losing FOM destroys families & jobs? When the #EUinUK are welcome?#StopBrexit 
More than one and a quarter million more people voted for the UK to Leave the EU than voted Remain in the largest vote by number of votes cast in our electoral history at the British EU Membership Referendum on 23 June 2016.That's a considerable mandate. Nothing will reverse it 
I've not always been happy with Labour although I'm a member (Brexit & Iraq war are big ones for me), but i spent several years as a Social Worker when they were in power and I saw the difference that was made every single day, particularly for the poor and vulnerable. 
Astute speech by @vincecable today who says the Leave vote was driven by the nostalgia of the older generation and that #Brexit is a fraud.Support the @LibDems call to give the public a vote on any deal with the chance to say no. 
Tory MP @bernardjenkin last week told a conference Scotland & Wales had been “allowed to vote in our EU referendum”, while dismissing as “fantasy” the idea @ScotParl could lose powers a result of EU Withdrawal Bill. Simply astounding. via @iainmacwhirter 
If Ireland vote no in the repeal the 8th referendum I will be so disappointed with the country 
A few minutes ago my Brexit Blog was viewed for the 500,000th time. Many thanks to all who have done so over the last year or so. For anyone interested, it's here:  
Aha! Pru at Legatum, there’s a turn up for the books. I now understand why she was asked to be on Question Time. BBC disguising its Brexit bias by asking someone hitherto considered innocuous.  
This surely won’t come to pass - it’s physically impossible -but that’s even story attests to UK gov’s dereliction of duty on Irish border (ITS border). 18 months of ‘no problem’, now batshit crazy ‘solutions’.Now, is UK gov ‘approach’ different to those other big Brexit issues?  
The ‘starting point in the process’ is to scrap Brexit. Students won’t vote Tory while you shut them out of Europe behind hard borders.  
Full text of my article in @Telegraph - @conservatives have a great positive vision to offer of both realising the potential of Brexit and making people’s lives better- let’s get on with delivering new and fresh ideas that will shape the future  
#BREXIT TIDE "Ther's this campaign that I think you'll likeWe ditch this Brexit madness and deal with INEQUALITYStop this UNFAIR #Westminster centric rule,Put funding into Regions, #OurNHS and schools!"Slightly Brexitified cover of Vance Joy's "RipTide"  
Common sense - People’s vote on Brexit deal. 'There is more realisation that the will of the people started this and the will of the people should decide where it ends.'  
Brexit is based on a misconception that the difficulties people face are caused by EU membership & the answer is to leave the EU. Corbyn is seeking to capitalise on this misconception, even though it’s based on prejudice, rather than challenge it & empower people with the truth  
Brexit is...Controlling UK borders.Repatriating UK Territorial Waters.Making our own laws and regs.Sealing our own Free Trade Agreements.Reclaiming our dignity!Bolstering areas of the UK economy that need boosting without interference from a foreign power saying we can't. 
An extraordinary story. Brexit gets more bizarre by the day. 
.@VinceCable :"The government's Brexit policy is a FRAUD""They put more faith in the Wild West warmonger in Washington and the  bully of Beijing than they do in our established friends and trade  partners in Europe."#VinceCable #LibDems #libdemconf  
Superb to see @vincecable picking up the gauntlet. #brexit is nonsense and needs brave politicians willing to take on the extremes of left and right and say so.Far too many MPs hiding under desks hoping to avoid taking a view. 
Not liking brown faces? It certainly wasn't the reason I voted for Brexit.  
Myself and many of my family, include most of my cousins, voted for #Brexit. Hang on I’ll just run up to double check.....Nope, I’ve just looked in the mirror. Despite the lack of sunshine in London recently, I’ve discovered that I’m still brown. Now there’s a thing... 
Brexit: Too many older people who voted for Brexit were "driven by nostalgia" for a world where "faces were white," Sir Vince Cable has said.Those bloody old people! Not wanting to become a minority in their own country... 
Peak postmodern Brexit. @andrew_lilico  argues UK didn't agree to what it actually agreed to in December, because UK wouldn't and couldn't have agreed to what it actually agreed in December.. 
I could never fight for "European ideals" because ultimately no such thing exists. The EU is a remote technocracy with no pedigree, heritage or legitimacy and nothing about it would inspire me to die in a ditch for it. It's just another government that nobody asked for. #Brexit 
Democracy gave you an advisory referendum where no one knew what they were voting for! How about a mandatory ref with pre-written legislation so there is no doubt with a ref question asking "Do you want to leave the EU, SM, CU & lose your FoM" #BrexitersDontWantRealDemocracy 
Do everyone understand that all of these red lines and policies are being decided by this Government without any Parliament or democratic approval of any kind?#Brexit is illegal.#A50challenge #StopBrexit 
Enjoy your Brexit.  
WATCH: Just back from #ScotLab18 and making the case this morning for @SL4SingleMarket during the #Brexit debate. We must retain single market and customs union membership to mitigate the worst impact of Brexit on our economy, jobs and workers rights.   
Mike has Brexit under control.  
Great quote from Cable on Labour's support of toxic #Brexit:"You can’t speak up for the poor & be complicit in making them poorer"Very, very well said Vince.#StopBrexit#ABTV 
Is UK the1st western country whose ruling party accepts money from, & whose politcians regularly appear on the propaganda channel, of a country which is attacking its citizens with nerve gas?Still we must continue #Brexit which is also Russian policy to destroy western unity, 
This is brave of Cable. The Brexit right hates political correctness except when it protects them. Well, here’s the truth. Many voters were motivated by imperial nostalgia and dreams of whiteness. Not all. But enough to win the referendum. And the young will pay for it.  
No, @vincecable did not vote for Brexit because of 'white nostalgia'I campaigned to Leave EU so we can take back control of our borders, money & laws to build a modern, liberal, democratic UK reaching out to the World as a flagbearer of free trade 
So @VinceCable claims the Brexit vote was "driven by nostalgia" for a world where "faces were white."Perhaps he would like to explain how leaving a political union of predominantly white European nations has anything to do with his insulting assumption?  
You don't get it, do you, Sir? For Ambedkar, partition was "a very possible contingency for which it's best to be prepared"; he advocated "A referendum by people in the Pakistan Provinces" as "safest & the most constitutional method of solving the problem of Pakistan."  
"It’s hugely important that people discover their mojo and fight hard for the Britain and the values they believe in."@DavidLammy on #Brexit is a must watch. Never miss an episode. Subscribe to Unfiltered with @MrJamesOB -  
Deputy Chairman of the @Conservatives @JamesCleverly on Cable's "white faces" slur: "I thought we had moved on from the prejudiced view that Brexit was driven by casual racism. It certainly wasn't the reason I voted for Brexit."  
Cable calls Brexit a fool's errand, yet this curmudgeon still foolishly campaigns for a damaging second referendum. He wrongly says populism is fuelled by Brexit, when it is in fact caused by persistently ignoring the wishes & concerns of ordinary citizens  
Cable slammed for "white faces" Brexit slur  
If the U.K. goes ahead with this, and Brexit proceeds, Scotland (and Wales & NI) will truly become vassal states, with their produce rebranded & sold as ‘British’. Own identities will be lost & subsumed into England. It’s already well underway.  
Scottish Labour conference backs Corbyn on Brexit  
Theresa May's Brexit-bound government cannot afford to upset prospective trade partners such as Saudi Arabia  
Brexit is so complex it takes up all of Gov'ts time, but it goes to show just how important the EU is to every facet of UK life, and and that we need leadership via a unified Gov't or a clear expression of the people's priorities. What's your view?  
Jacob Rees-Mogg - "I would like to see the dividend of leaving the European Union devoted to the health service. "I think people felt that was promised during the referendum campaign and the figures on health spending, in real terms since 2010, is a 1.1% increase."  
A Brexit ad luring companies to France was banned by the London Underground  
Could a British version of political progressives Trudeau and Macron help stop Brexit? Vote in our poll.  
I did not vote for Brexit. Not a single Local Authority Area in Scotland voted for Brexit. The majority of people in Scotland did not vote for Brexit. I am not accepting that Brexit is inevitable, it will be disastrous for Scotland, our economy and our social union with Europe 
Brexit: Cable: ‘too many older voters driven by nostalgia for a world where passports were blue, faces were white & the map was coloured imperial pink. Their votes on one wet day in June crushed the hopes & aspirations of young people for years to come.’  
All I want for Mother's Day is NO BREXIT. And maybe a bunch of daffodils.  
Universities are losing status & staff because of Brexit. On the bright side I’m sure people in Barnsley will be happy with 14,000 Indians coming to study after all they voted leave because “too many brown people” 
EU Trumped!Nigel Farage:The response from EU is, of course, one of uproar.Hang on a second.#EU have already introduced their own tariffs on aluminium & steel.So it’s OK when they do it, but it’s not OK when he does it.Total rank hypocrisy!#Brexit 
The EU economy did better last year than US. Sweden has 4% GDP. Only England post-Brexit is under performing US with 1.7% growth.   
Any Brexit makes Putin happyAny Brexit makes Erdogan happyAny Brexit makes Trump happyAny Brexit makes the UK an easy prey to global corporatesAny Brexit limits my opportunitiesAny Brexit worries meAny Brexit I'll fight, so #StopBrexit 
Keep challenging the Brexit press narrative that the EU is trying to “bully” the UK.Brexiters mid-sold Brexit by promising a pack of lies. They activated Article 50 with no plan. Don’t let them further mislead the public. #StopBrexit and #Remain. 
3 cheers for our Queen, our sovereign! We need everybody who can possibly get to Parliament Sq on Monday 12 March. We support the Commonwealth and the EU - we support unity and peace between peoples. #Brexit is divisive and damaging. #StopBrexit @remain_central @spaceangel1964 
In one hour, we'll be demonstrating for the Catalan Republic. There's no democratic solution possible in the Kingdom of Spain. Not by referendum, not by elections, no dialogue is possible: our vote doesn't count nor is respected.  #RepublicNOW! 
#Brexit was about sovereignty (49%) rather than immigration (33%). But think about what he's actually saying - your Gran is an evil person if she doesn't want diversity thrust upon her. She has no right to her own culture, history or heritage.  
Excellent article by @acgrayling comprehensively explaining why there’s no rational case for there not being a referendum on the #Brexit Deal vs #Remain Problem is Tory Government & their Labour leadership allies aren’t acting rationally at present. 
How does @UKLabour expect to be taken seriously on the economy or anything else when it WILL NOT stand up & clearly say Brexit is a disaster for Britain?@Keir_Starmer @johnmcdonnellMP @kate_hollernmp @catsmithmp @OwenSmith_MP @JonAshworth @EmilyThornberry @RLong_Bailey 
Brilliant - .@mikegalsworthy on  on Brexit & our NHS. We are losing staff +++ - EU nurses/ midwives leaving  67% - 96%  in applics from EU nurses to UK since refThe NHS is & will continue to suffer with Brexit.  
Chatting with a Brexiter who suggested that the EU was to blame, inter alia, for our streets being "crime ridden". When data was provided which shows that crime rates are actually at historic lows, as a counterargument, he pointed to the spike in hate crime after the referendum.  
A Jobs first Brexit?- Any Brexit means fewer jobs- Any Brexit means more poverty- Any Brexit hits every Region- Any Brexit hits our Heartlands most- Any Brexit cuts Public Spending- Any Brexit divides furtherLet's be honest, in the National interest we must Stop Brexit  
Campaigner Gina Miller is calling for a ‘People’s vote’ on the Brexit deal to be held in the autumn, and said there was a growing belief that the public must have a final say on the process of Britain leaving the EU.#StopBrexit #WATON #OFOC #FBPE 
Tim Martin - "If we leave under WTO rules… that will reduce prices in the shops, improve standards of living and the purchasing power for the British public...also saving £10 billion quid a year." #Brexit  
A very detailed & useful guide by @SarahBardon to the 8th Amendment Referendum & an analysis of how other counties have addressed issue of abortion. Well worth a read & in my view, reinforces point that what we are proposing here is in line with many other countries #repealth8th 
Brexit: Older Leave voters nostalgic for 'white' Britain, says Cable  
MI6 likely behind #Skripal's poisoning:_ to further stoke #Russophobia which it's always been sponsored by British elite_ to call for boycott of World Cup_ to distract from the failures in Brexit negotiations+ Skripal involved in fabrication of the infamous Steele dossier 
Just because May keeps telling us we are leaving, doesn't make it true. Brexit is not inevitable, Brexit being stopped, however, is.  
Two out of three people believe that the EU is trying to bully UK over Brexit 
Vince Cable is right in his assertion, since 23 June 2016 the UK has been engaged in a deeply divisive 'virtual' civil war.The ‘toxicity’ of Brexit must be neutralised by an equally potent antidote, and that requires a positive pro-EU, political alliance. 
No words can describe the depth of betrayal @theresa_may is delivering on Brexit. So far she has caved in on almost everything. She makes Chamberlain look like a great negotiator.  
A majority of companies also favour a quick Brexit transition agreement over drawn out end-state negotiations, no matter how good the deal, according to a survey  
I wonder what she makes of Brexit then.  
Imagine how many mad and sadistic policies the Tories would have tried to bring to fruition if they weren't stumbling around with Brexit. Hopefully Brexit just disables the party machine and then tarnishes them forever 
Germany with highest immigrant population in the EU saw real wages up by 14.9%. The UK saw a fall of 10.4% #Brexit #StopBrexit #FBPE 
The Sun's tiny apology for it's '600,000 benefit tourists' story. #Brexit is built on a mountain of #LeaveLies.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Here's the Daily Mail Online having to correct its lie that the #NHS was at breaking point because of EU immigration #StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE #LeaveLies 
Pugnacious words from Vince Cable at Lib Dem spring conference about some older Brexit supporters' nostalgia for a time "where passports were blue, faces were white, and the map was coloured imperial pink".  
In important ways, in both Britain and America the door for right-wing extremism was opened by the destructive consequences of centrist orthodoxy. The deficit obsessions of 2010-2013 fed the resentment that fueled both Trump and Brexit 2/ 
Brexit: New referendum required before Britain can leave the EU, legal challenge claimsCameron’s 2011 'referendum lock' prevents any significant change to relations with the EU without the public’s #FinalSay... #BrexitChallenge #StopBrexit 
Poland will be next Brexit! Ex-Polish minister says anti-EU momentum will be hard to stop  
#IfBrexitDid holidays “welcome to Hotel Brexit, we accept no responsibility for children eaten by wolves”  
I've left the Labour Party today. I can't support a party that enables Brexit.#ABTV #WATON #FBPE #StopBrexit 
Two Scots Tories taking the fight to the EU over future of British fishing industry post Brexit. @michaelgove& @RuthDavidsonMSP in fisheries control call - 
Robert Shrimsley: 'One day it will be possible to have a dinner party and not talk about Brexit. We do not know when that day will be'  
Big hitters back legal action to get a #FinalSay on Brexit.Former Tory Cabinet minister backs @BestForBritain’s legal bid to force new EU referendum.Please RT to share the  #BrexitChallenge crowdfunder here:#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Govt's whole approach to a #Brexit that can only leave us Poorer, Weaker with Fewer Rights and less Control whilst denying the Ppl a Binding #FinalSay on the deal with a #Remain option is sinister.You're only interested in imposing your Will on the Ppl not the Will of the Ppl. 
For those of us unfamiliar with #Labour's latest Brexit policy, here's Debbie Abrahams to explain ... the customs union ... a customs union ... new customs union  So now we understand #LabourFail 
Brexit: People crossing Irish border would have to register in advance under plan being studied by Theresa May.Nobody voted for this. #WeNeedTheGFA. #StopBrexit. 
The evolution of Brexit:"Don't worry about the warnings - it's Project Fear!""OK so we'll be poorer, but it was never about the economy.""OK, but we'll still take back some control. Won't we?"#brexitshambles #StopBrexit 
Two out of three people believe that the EU is trying to bully UK over Brexit 
As with most things Brexit a hard border in Ireland won't affect Jacob Rees-Mogg or Dan Hannan or the ridiculous David Davis and Nigel Farage. It will however ruin the lives of thousands of people who don't want it and didn't vote for it. That's the disgusting thing. 
Conservative Party took £800,000 in donations from Russians out to weaken EU & blocked probe into alleged Russian interference in cyber manipulation of GE & Brexit votes. 
Lethal line from @vincecable on Corbyn’s Brexit position: ‘You can’t speak up for the poor & be complicit in making them poorer’ #libdemconf 
Remainiacs: here for all your Sunday morning needs. Well, not all of them. But any that involve listening to people say Brexit is shit.  
Jaguar Land Rover is "absolutely committed" to Britain after Brexit, CEO says  
.@vincecable : Brexit is sucking the life out of Westminster and Whitehall.Watch here:  
Wow, labour talking bollocks about education......and Facebook groupsSeats on trainsIRA meetingsIran regimeStudent debtNHSBrexitImmigrationLaw & orderGender equalityAnything to do with moneyAnything to do with anythingSurprise level = 0 
Dame Judi Dench, Sir Andy Murray, Joanna Lumley and 27 other celebrities today call on the Government to use trade freedoms after Brexit to ban all fur imports  
Brexit is sucking the life out of our government. It’s a shameful distraction from fixing the massive problems that our country faces #LDConf @vincecable 
A reminder: Many politicians on the #Brexit right had no intention of respecting a narrow #Remain victory in the referendum. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
I'm fed up with Corbyn supporters claiming that he is at all interested in the welfare of the vulnerable, the sick, the working class etc. You cannot go along with Brexit & also make that claim.Not possible. Dire Brexit consequences overide everything.Corbyn is not ‘the man.’ 
No one anticipated Brexit when the 1998 Good Friday Agreement was signed either.  But like the Scotland Act 1998, it is part of the architecture of the devolution settlement.  Pure sectarian blindness from unionists who are undermining Donald Dewar's original project.  
I was interested to hear Brexit debate at #scotlab18. But yet again a UK Labour leader comes north & gets his facts badly wrong. John McDonnell’s list of measures a UK Lab govt wd enact r almost all enacted already in Scotland. Can’t really believe rest of speech now. 
Just a sample of post brexitBrexit means EU will bully the UKUSA will bully the UKChina will bully the UKRussia will bully the UKStay in the EU and the UK will not be bullied#StopBrexitSaveBritain #StopBrexitSaveBritain #Remain #FBPE #ABTV 
Leavers have forgotten one crucial point: they don’t get to decide how rest of the world sees Britain & Brexit. In Leavers’ minds, we’re plucky little Britain, conquering the world again.  In the world’s view, we’re arrogant, xenophobic, insular and fast becoming irrelevant & mad 
I'm genuinely not sure if ScotLab's Brexit Spokesperson is ignorant about EU matters or deliberately misleading. Either way he is wrong.  
President Trump:"You hear EU sounds SO innocent. It’s not innocent!They’re very tough.They’re very smart.We lose $100 Billion a year!We charge them practically nothing.They have artificial barriers. We can’t get our product in there!"#Brexit #EU 
.@DerekMackaySNP has written to the Chancellor urging him to use the Spring Statement to provide greater clarity for people and business over the #Brexit process, including the future of EU funding, and address the threat facing our economy as a result.  
It is a transparent Brexit power grab. And Nicola Sturgeon is right to set aside sectarianism and defend the late Donald Dewar’s devolution settlement.  My column on manifest threat to the Scottish Parliament  
Oh, the whinging and the whining from the UK government over #Brexit. Now would be a good time to remember about “club rules”. In declaring itself a Republic, & subsequent refusal to recognise the King as Head of State, Ireland was excluded from the Commonwealth immediately. 1/6 
Theresa May's Brexit plan to register millions of EU citizens risks descending into 'chaos' "due to under investment and government fears of a backlash by the Daily Mail". 
Whilst public opinion on leaving the EU has remained largely unchanged, a new poll shows 67 per cent of people believe that “the EU is trying to bully the UK” in its approach to the talks #ThankEUGoodbye #Brexit 
France signs deals worth $16 billion in India: Yes folks you can be a member of the EU and trade successfully with the rest of the world. Don’t listen to the Brexit lies.  
What you get when you type "Brexit is" into Google. Reassuringly most common search terms are anti-Brexit...  
Second referendum needed before Brexit can go ahead, legal challenge claims If this works, it would be a nice twist to have the Brexiters hoist by their own petard. Well done @eloisetodd @BestForBritain 
Reciprocal access to our fishing waters after Brexit suggests Chancellor on @pestononsunday Think we all know what that means...... 
You know that constant bloody whining and non-stop whinging from Brexiters about Britain not being able to sign deals with countries like India while we're in the EU?Yet another Brexit lie:  
Boris Johnson: "I wrote an article referring to the gross sum of £350m per week which was on the side of a red bus during the referendum campaign, it now turns out that the actual gross figure by 2022 were we to stay in would be £438m a week. So we're going to need a bigger bus!"  
The Tories have given us indefinite austerity cruelty & indefinite Brexit turmoil, but it's the irreversible change to this cruelty and turmoil that the former minister for cheese finds 'sinister'...  
"A fairer allocation". @RuthDavidsonMSP and @michaelgove acknowledge in their joint statement that the EU will have fishing rights inside British waters after Brexit.  
Forcing the so called Great Repeal Bill through without Scotland's agreement would force a referendum NOT on Independence but to Dissolve the Union.   via @trulyscottishtv 
Disaster-Brexit think-tank Legatum "Institute", exposed by The Mail on Sunday for its hidden influence on Government. "Mrs May’s Government was effectively being held to ransom over Brexit by Mr Johnson and Mr Gove, who were being aided by the institute." 
“Brexit will allow us to become a Global Britain, making deals we couldn’t do as part of the EU and oh...”  
They've got Trump, the Tories and Brexit, and they're still no happy. 
When did people become so selfish? I support Corbyn's Labour because I believe it provides the best hope of a better future for the whole country. Refusing to vote Labour because of Brexit or Pensions or whatever other single policy you have a vested interest in is just petty. 
Politicians, inside and outside govt, the Brexit press and commentators, have worked for nearly two years to put in place a narrative that blames the EU for basically everything. That narrative? It is working. Which means we must work harder to counter it.  
REMOANERS: Anti-Brexit group announces plan to take David Davis to court as they push for another vote. Establishment plot to stop Brexit is underway!  
The people who’ve blamed the EU for every possible problem over the last 20 years now see Brexit as a way to continue blaming the EU for every possible problem for the next 20 years 
WATCH: Hammond Corrects Himself After Accidentally Saying Brexit Is Worth It  
The “hopefully” here re transition sounds somewhat less certain than the noises from Number 10 after, eg the Tusk meeting... in PM’s big road to Brexit speech “confident” “close to agreement” etc...  
Is Brexit trashing your future? Here’s how to help stop itPlenty of ideas about how to mobilise to #StopBrexit from @InFactsOrgPlease share widely 
Marr: “have you modelled the economic effects [of your chosen post Brexit model]?Hammond: “not yet. We haven’t even embarked on the negotiation yet. The next step in process at EUCO this month is *hopefully* to agree implementation period” 
And the Chancellor tries to swerve around the “is Brexit worth it?” question by instead answering the question “is your Brexit negotiation on financial services worth it?”... eventually answers that people have voted for it. 
Andrew Marr: "Is the whole thing [Brexit] worth it?" Philip Hammond, not answering the question: "The British people...." 
For the second time in a week, Philip Hammond refuses to say Brexit will be worth it, just that the "British people have decided" on it #Marr 
The UK already acting like a poor powerless country at the mercy of the big superpowers. How sad is #brexit  
France signs deals worth $16 billion in India.Gosh! France must have left the EU overnight! #StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
Brexit what it means.  It was supposed to mean British Exit, but no longer seems to.  Instead now it is BREAK up the UK, Break the economy, Break the social order, Break all our traditions of welfare, care, acceptance, welcome of expats, team work, all in it together.  BRAKES-IT. 
Should we be subject to the result of an advisory referendum that was based on lies, misinformation and false premises?  That was illegally funded and was influenced by foreign propaganda?  That was narrowly won by a restricted electorate?NO!#StopBrexit #ABTV #FBPE 
I read that the majority of MPs - both Labour and Conservative - are opposed to Brexit.  Then I call on them all to RESIGN the party whip and cause a constitutional crisis. All of you together. The people will be behind you. Enough of this mad political game. Brexit must end now. 
A 'French Presidential'-style Two-Stage Poll might be a solution for the divisiveness caused by the 'brexit'.Please vote for your preferred Choice, I will then drop the two least popular choices, and do a second Poll with the remaining two.Please RT ! Thanks ! 
.@johnmcdonnellMP recognises, "we could inherit a real mess", if #Brexit goes ahead. All the more reason for a change in Labour policy. We must not see Brexit as  inevitable, it is not. #Marr 
This is in equal parts absurd and horrible: “Brexit: People crossing Irish border would have to register in advance under plan being studied by Theresa May - The Independent  
Jacob Rees-Mogg's European Research Group - Hard Brexit for the Few, not the Many!!!   #StopBrexit #Marr  #Paterson 
A survey carried out for the Telegraph reveals that while the split of Leave and Remain voters is largely unchanged since the referendum, 67 per cent of individuals, regardless of their voting preference, agreed that “the EU is trying to bully the UK”  
Hello internet. My latest product, the Brexit tea towel is now available for pre-order   
Second referendum needed before Brexit can go ahead, legal challenge claims  
Isn't it amazing the #marr show is keeping the Scottish Brexit problem secret from it's english viewers folks. Do you think they know what's coming folks ? 
I'm glad that there are some 1st-rate legal and political minds engaged in stopping #Brexit.They need support (through things like @A50Challenge).Shifty governments must be challenged. Always. 
This is the weekly food ration for one person in 1951.Thankfully, tripe was never rationed, so you could buy and even eat as much as you wanted!'Like' if you'd like to return to the 1950sRT if you think Brexit will get us there anyway.  
This is the case that uses the referendum lock to require a referendum on the Brexit deal.If you want to have a chance to vote to #StopBrexit please consider supporting this case 
Brexit Countdown: Legal bid could deliver second referendum before Christmas  
NEW Former Cabinet minister backs legal bid to force second EU referendum  
As more problems mount up, a thread reminder that problems, however serious, will not stop Brexit taking place.  
.@vincecable is right to highlight Corbyn’s hypocrisy. #Brexit will be a disaster for our economy and jobs - this will disproportionately impact the ‘poor’. This is one reason why the @LibDems are calling for an #ExitFromBrexit. 
Former Cabinet minister backs legal bid to force second EU referendumDominic Grieve said the issue “should be examined in court” through a judicial review proposed by pro-EU campaign group Best for Britain.#FinalSay #StopBrexit #FBPE 
All too predictable. But with worrying implications: no legal certainty on transition until just before #brexit, and harder for Parliament to have “meaningful vote” with real choice.  
Sensible thread on a further referendum.  Excellent as always from @GuitarMoog. 
Businesses must speak up & save UK from Brexit. Executives speak privately of the disaster ahead- If they went public on looming job losses, they could encourage people to #RethinkBrexit as it's in in the interests of ALL in UK. Let's #RenewBritain instead 
“Brexit has not yet happened. If it does, it is guaranteed to make things worse for the common good “....A glimpse into Brexit Britain’s future: going it alone in a trade war | William Keegan | Business | The Guardian  
Jeremy Corbyn has said he has a “common sense” approach to Brexit. He also has a measured view on driving buses off cliffs, stepping on rakes and pissing on chips. 
Michael Gove and Ruth Davidson demand Britain TAKE BACK CONTROL of fishing after Brexit  
Idc whether you agree with abortion or not but voting no in the upcoming referendum is completely fucking selfish, women have died over this law and everyone deserves the right to adequate and safe healthcare 
Jeremy Corbyn: I campaigned to ‘remain & reform’ in the EU referendum campaign.And I am not anti-European at all, I want to see close and progressive cooperation with the whole of Europe after Brexit.#Marr  #bbcsp #FBPE #WATON #ABTV #SundayMorning 
We need to take control of talks & believe in our strong position |Two out of three people believe that EU is trying to bully UK over Brexit' | via @telegraph 
Hard core Remainers seek yet more legal action to overturn Brexit. They are more dangerous to our peace and democracy than Russia is  
If the EU referendum result showed anything – other than the desire of the British people to exit the EU – it revealed how out of touch the political class of this country are with the citizens they say they represent, writes Guy Parfitt  
Sadly, #Brexit is the first set of trade negotiations where a country is targeting a worse deal than the current status quo.  
Brexit can be stopped. It really can. And in fact it will be: it really will. Don’t give up. Never give up. We can stop Brexit, we can reverse Brexit, it is not a done deal: we are in the EU and our future is there. 
“Brexit is distracting Theresa May from pressing problems of housing and the NHS”More like: The con that is Brexit led by those “men of the people” is a great distractor from this govts destruction of the country’s best loved institution. #marr 
The day will come soon when this & more will happen to stop Brexit, unless our politicians see sense. I’ll be there.  
Jacob Ress-Mogg leads the European Research Group - a hard Brexit lobby organisation that has taken tax payer funds through MP expenses. This group is pushing the UK towards the cliff and we're paying for it!! #StopBrexit #marr  #paterson 
Could the Tory eurosceptics be hoist by their own petard?A referendum lock they insisted on to prevent more power being passed to Brussels could now be used to mandate a #FinalSay referendum on #BrexitGreat work by the legal team and campaigners @BestForBritain 
Please report if you see this account. This weekend we’ve had a barrage of abuse from these people on all social media platforms. It is a huge waste of time and we want to make sure that we get back to what’s important which is stopping #Brexit.  
Cable to attack Corbyn for 'claiming to speak for the poor' while backing Brexit#LDconf #ExitFromBrexit #Marr  #Paterson #bbcsp 
People who use this pathetic comeback, reflect for a moment: we already do, that’s how we know; and if Brexit goes ahead we will lose our right to and you will be stuck with us.  
If you want the reason why #brexit is still going ahead this is it: Despite all the Govt brexit impact studies showing  poorer UK - 42% of Brits still think Britain will be better off post brexit. This Misinformation, delusion & wishful thinking will seek out scapegoats soon.  
If Andrew Marr finds just one bit of real news from his guests I'll be amazed, all Hammond will do is trot out the Tory Brexit line, the same lines already binned by the EU. McDonnell will spew out the "A Customs Union" nonsense.Give me a break.#marr #FBPE #BrexitShambles 
Government considering plan to make people register in advance to cross Irish border after Brexit This would be utterly unacceptable, unenforceable and proves the UK has no interest in a solution that preserves the GFA 
To all those people wailing “oh bit I’m politically homeless now, who can I vote for???”: Get a bloody grip. It’s a vote. You’re not donating both kidneys. Vote for a party whose policies you may not entirely agree with except for that one huge issue- brexit. 
Jeremy Corbyn wears blinkers.  There will be no money for the poor if Brexit goes ahead.#StopBrexit2018 #FBPE 
Jacob Rees-Mogg has had a life of privilege - which he sees as the perfect qualification to be the voice of the poor. A voice which he is using to push for the hardest Brexit possible. The likely economic collapse won't harm Jacob but will crush the poor #StopBrexit #Marr  
Brexit weekly updateStill no:Citizens rightsNI borderTransitionAn actual planNumbers?Managed divergenceIn fact they've achieved almost nothing, apart from caving in on the €40B divorce bill there isn't anything to update.Sorry about that.#FBPE 
Scotland will soon be an independent country, and a member of the #EU. Scottish "nationalism" is based in the opposite values and goals than those which inspired #Brexit. Scotland is for diversity and tolerance. #IndRef2 #Scotland #Europe. 
BEWARE OF BIG AGENDAS!Calexit: The "Bad Boys of Brexit'' throw their weight behind move to split state  via @mercnews 
Feeling pretty damn proud to be an Alberta conservative today. In 2017, we pulled off a leadership race, a unity referendum, and another leadership race without a hitch. #abpoli #onpoli 
Michael Gove and Ruth Davidson demand Britain TAKE BACK CONTROL of fishing after Brexit  
Is Brexit going well?  
I’m genuinely not sure the economic threat of Brexit, the hybrid threat of Russia, or the sheer volume of troops on Europe’s Eastern border, will ever be enough to make vast numbers of people stop and think.And that complacency only leads one way. 
See what's Happening to Scottish Fishermen right now under Britnat/Brexit.Guess What ?Scottish Farmers You're next 
Prue Leith does get about - now on Question Time as brexit cheerleader, now at a speaking engagement with seedy Disaster-Brexit think-tank Legatum (registered in the Canary Islands).  
So an overt message from EU27 that an extension is possible, but ONLY to allow for democratic process such as a referendum or an election, would be helpful both for EU27 and for those, including MPs, that believe a ref is necessary but ruled out by time constraints. 30/30 
Brexit is unequivocally not in the national interest. 
I also think that Tusk et al being overt that it remains UKGov’s choice to continue, and that they can choose to stop Brexit, has shown that Brexit can, in principle, be stopped. 29/ 
Senior Commission officials have said UK can cancel Brexit, and that it is a political not a legal question 20/   
''THE BBC DIVIDES UK  If anything can be accused of dividing the UK, it's the BBC. Left wing, contemptuous of Brexit, obsessed with gender & identity politics, the BBC increasingly broadcasts to a nation it believes should exist, rather than the one that does.'' Times 
If all that's stopping Labour from dumping Brexit is its "respect for the result of the referendum", then.I say *go for it*. There's a million reasons not to respect it. Actually, 350 million reasons.  
3 days snow and the supermarkets have empty shelves. Imagine what a cliff-edge brexit will do to the food provision to the UK, which heavily depends on the EU. Brits, I would start stacking up.  
"SNP demands to cut Scotland off from the rest of the world." @jeremycorbyn are you smoking crack? Independence is the get-out of Brexit (which is cutting us off from the rest of the world) and Scotland's re-connection to the world. Get yersel' hunted. 
Remain campaigners mount High Court legal bid for second Brexit referendum  
AC GRAYLING: There are NO arguments against a second referendum  There are no good reasons not to give the public the #finalsay 
The EU is angry at the UK for Brexit and wants to impose tariffs.  The same EU puts tariffs on US imports and then complains when US proposes counter tariffs.  Seems like the EU thinks it’s special.  Hypocritical. 
In May, Ireland will vote on a referendum to repeal the Eighth Amendment, which recognizes the equal right to life of the preborn child and her mother. We're urging the Irish people to stand strong and protect the most vulnerable.  
Here’s something to cheer you up.Just 634,751 people decided #brexit ref.Every day, on average 2,000+ people in the UK are deciding that their vote to leave was WRONG.Since August 2017 the MAJORITY now believe that #Brexit is a mistake.Soon time for us to take a stand.  
Brexit is a miscarriage of electoral justice... why shouldn’t we appeal?  
Vince Cable to attack Corbyn for 'claiming to speak for poor' hurt by Brexit 
Colin's very touchy if anyone points out he campaigned for Better Together alongside the Tories in the independence referendum when David Cameron was PM.  
If there was a way to deepen divisions in society, one couldn't think of a better one than seeing rich people using the courts to force another referendum before we even Leave  
For the Jolyon Maugham’s of this world, Brexit was the first time in their life they’ve felt like their class has been on the losing side.They’re not used to it and are throwing their toys out of the pram. 
ANNOUNCEMENT:@TechForUK joins @BestforBritain - We're taking David Davis to court over Brexit!!We will build tools to move public opinion towards a vote on the terms of Brexit. Donate!  & Sign up! #StopBrexit #FBPE #DavidDavis 
Our new partner in the Brexit fight:@TechForUK Please follow them, us @BestForBritain and @OFOCBrexit and support our case!Thank you so much  
Brexit Countdown: Legal bid could deliver second referendum before Christmas  
Breaking: David Davis being taken to court over Brexit.New legal challenge to Brexit to give the people a #FinalSay.Please RT to spread the word and donate to help the #BrexitChallenge legal action. #FBPE. 
Wise words within The Washington Post. There's a huge difference between the outward-looking civic nationalism in Scotland and the insular xenophobic nationalism of Trump and Brexit.  
.@eloisetodd from @BestForBritain, @mikebutcher and @OFOCBrexit are taking David Davis to court! European Union Act 2011 means the gov's planned Brexit Treaty MUST be subject to a public vote ! 
Remain campaigners mount High Court legal bid for second Brexit referendum  
So...Brexit happens. Tories get wiped out at the next GE & Labour wins. There’s no money. Everything falls apart. Piles of bin bags on the street, like in 1978, NHS dead, bad haircuts & flares. Everybody says ‘Look what happens when Labour is in power’. Labour never wins again. 
Are Cameron and May to blame for causing the outcome of Brexit?  
In pursuit of 2011 European Union Act which may oblige Mrs May to hold a referendum on her Brexit deal. She is trying to repeal 2011 Act in small print of current EU Withdrawal Bill. I have tabled amendment to stop this.  
Two out of three people believe the EU is trying to bully UK over Brexit  
That's it for the day. Thoroughly depressed. Brexit is shit, and people still believe it will be great. I fear so much for the future - my retirement and my daughters lives.I so much believed we were nicer and more intelligent than this.#StopBrexit 
An excellent factual guide on background to #repealth8th referendum by @SarahBardon 
A survey carried out for the Telegraph reveals that while the split of Leave and Remain voters is largely unchanged since the referendum, 67 per cent of individuals, regardless of their voting preference, agreed that “the EU is trying to bully the UK”  
Breaking news: new legal challenge to brexit to give the people their final say. Please get retweeting and giving #FBPE -ers@mikegalsworthy @Scientists4EU @GuitarMoog @terrychristian @natalieben 
Ultra Remainers @BestForBritain, Dominic Grieve and Andrew Adonis are launching a judicial review to try to secure a second referendum. Lot of lawyers getting richer #DespiteBrexit 
BREAKING: We’re taking David Davis to court!We may already have the right to a people’s vote on the terms of Brexit. +we definitely need a meaningful vote in ParliamentPlease support+RT @BestForBritain @TechForUK @OFOCBrexit via @CrowdJustice 
"Legislation brought in by Cameron in 2011 introduced a “referendum lock” before Britain could return any powers to Brussels[He] was pacifying his EuroscepticsNow they could see the law they so gleefully voted for used against them to delay Brexit" 
“We have 50% of waters we give to common #EU pot but only get 25% of fish back & EU catches 60% in OUR waters.Under int law, moment we leave EU... we have sovereign rights over ALL fish & ALL waters.That's worth £3-4bn every year to UK economy"#Brexit 
Even though @LabourRichard knows Brexit will seriously damage Scotland Leonard reckons we should just roll over and accept it. Why isn't he demanding the same deal for Scotland they're considering for N Ireland?Forget it Dick - we'll fight on without you and your impotent party.  
If you think Corbyn's position on Brexit is in the interests of ordinary people then unfollow and block me now. Let's stop wasting each others time. 
France has not just signed a bilateral FTA w/ India, as it's prevented from doing so by the EU: Brussels retains competence for such comprehensive negotiations which is why the EU does NOT have a FTA w/ India! The UK signs specific trade deals now, and on Brexit will sign FTAs.  
Scottish Greens will campaign to re-join EU immediately Brexit happensFull story in tomorrow's paper 
The 4 Pillars of Freedom of Movement are1) Capital2) Goods 3) Services &4) PEOPLENot Labour! Brexit Britain is obsessed with immigrants, workers, undercutting...servants, low wage 
Thank you #Knowle! We had another engaging day with the Saturday shoppers. Overwhelming concern regarding Brexit...  
#EUSuperHeroes no.16 is another fantastic #Remainer I have only discovered through this campaign @jonworth “who during the referendum campaign and after determinedly analysed the “arguments” of the brexiters with no fear of eminent journalists.”  
I know what George Orwell would have said about Theresa May’s Brexit deal. Freedom is the right to say no. 
Leaked Conservative WhatsApp messages reveal major rift on Brexit  via @MetroUK Are these raving lunatics only in politics because they are unemployable elsewhere, or is it just sport to them? 
'Brexit is distracting Theresa May from solving housing and NHS crises'   
Fresh from the White House. Racist and proud. Friend of @Nigel_Farage and a big fan of Brexit. I will fight, fight and fight again against this toxic, hateful and repugnant ideology with every bone in my body. We all must.  
Local Council elections in May. Let's make them count. Take no crap from Corbyn or May. Register and vote against both #Brexit parties.  
Col·lectiu Praga: "the latest judge’s decree blames Sànchez for the Spanish police violence on the referendum day because he encouraged citizens to vote". Those "judges" stand no chance making rebellion or sedition out of it, and they know it. #Catalonia 
if only they opposed brexit they’d be 60 points ahead. for heavens sake man leave jeremy  
Again, so often (deliberately?) ignored:"Although an FTA Brexit will be damaging to the EU economy in the short-term, the long-term effects of allowing a third country to have equivalent trading terms to member states would be far more economically damaging." 
Unelected. Unelectable. Unedifying. Undignified. Unwanted. Unforgivable. Underhand and Useless. #Brexit  
"Many farmers are now making business decisions for the next 5 or even 10 years without knowing what trading environment they will be operating in."How Brexit could affect the food chain  
 THE 4TH REICH HAS BEEN STOPPED BY #ITALIAN ELECTION #Merkel & #Macron #EU agenda stunted after election result which saw voters shun the centre-left and vote for centre-right and populist parties FOLLOW #TRUMP AND RISE UP #ITALEXIT #BREXIT 
Petition - Protect UK Citizens' existing Freedom of Movement rights in Brexit negotiations  
People care about the here and now. *The NHS*School dinners * Education* Housing* Money etc. Brexit is a big issue but it's a single issue. People want Westminster to LISTEN to them. They don't want smears o'clock.  
Thanks Jim but they will never invite Remain MEPs like me as it doesn't fit the BBC Brexit narrative that the future is bright as global Britain divorces from Europe. I see nothing positive to celebrate about a selfish & destructive act! 
This is what Brexit is doing to families in the UK - so, so wrong. This needs to stop.@guyverhofstadt @SebDance @catherinemep @Christia_Allard @cliodiaspora#InLimbo #BrexitIsPersonal #inlimbobrexit 
EU citizens can vote in local elections. But turnout is the key. Please use your voices to back pro EU/ remain candidates and show the government what discontent there is with Brexit. 
Tony Blair awarded Abraham Lincoln “Leadership Prize” for Democracy.This the man who didn't get his war in Iraq signed off in 2003 by the UN Security Council and went to war anyway, lied to Parliament about weapons of mass destruction and wants the EU Referendum result ignored!  
People say Brexit is a done deal. It isn’t. It can be stopped - if we mobilise for a Brexit deal referendum, seize the future and don’t accept Mrs May’s shrivelled vision of a pessimistic, fearful country in decline  
So @LabourRichard has effectively just told the 62% of those that voted Remain in the EU Referendum in 2016 that their opinion isn't worth a shit. Despicable little man. He's just another British Nationalist. 
I am Italian living in Edinburgh with my little boy. The only decency I see just now is from Scots. English kids in his school after the Brexit vote mocked him and told him to go back home. It's a a devastating impact on him and he's isolated himself. 
Talking with my 17yo son todayHe said hope you win #StopBrexithe speaks for young peopleTotally anti racistHe supports diversity but need to get message outside of London and diversive big cities like @Mcr4EU @LeedsEuropeSaid #brexit vote big boost for racism 
Brexit requires brutal cuts and Labour supports Brexit  
Whether with LibDems, Greens, or sensible Labour/Tory, I want an Exit from Brexit. If you do too one way is to join this campaign today: ? #ExitFromBrexit #progressivealliance 
Six nations clearly rigged by the EU to punish England and Wales for Brexit. Time for England and Wales to leave the six nations and embrace the rest of the world. Australia, South Africa, New Zealand and Argentina will give a better deal and agree to let England and Wales win! 
17 March 1992 a "yes" "no" referendum paved the way to the New SAIn amongst the overwhelming "yes" media campaign was this little anonymous gem.Retrieved Sunday times 15 March 1992.  
Vote Labour?Think Corbyn is the voice of the 48%?This is the difference between @Plaid_Cymru and @UKLabour on Brexit issues this week#IAmEuropean 
Latest YouGov finds just 21% backing Corbyn's approach to Brexit including just 40% of those who voted for party at GE17.  
Considering that @Nigel_Farage’s entire political career was focused on making the UK independence referendum a reality - he is one of the few politicians worldwide who did not fail.PS: Communism has failed every time it has been tried. 
Leave won the EU Referendum so large chunks of British Press give anti-democratic campaigners a free ride to slag off, voters and work against the result.Had Remain won the EU Referendum and Leave voters behaved in same manner, imagine what the media would have said?!  
UBS decides to move London jobs to Frankfurt because of Brexit  
I utterly detest every single thing about Brexit. A wanton trail of unnecessary worry and harm in pursuit of nothing but more worry and harm for more people.  
Jeremy Corbyn should want a Brexit that works for the many who voted for it, not one to please Michel Barnier, says @asabenn 
Dear .@LeaveEUOfficial A few things called facts:- 15,000 beds cut since 2010 - 40,000 NHS nurses short - 10,000 Drs short - social care slashed - Brexit ref ->96%  in applics from EU nurses & 67% EU nurses leaving - EU staff leaving since Brexit#marr 
Very useful - getting out the word that we can #StopBrexit and that the only democratic way forward is a #FinalSay referendum.  
Didn’t we just have an election that was supposed to be a referendum on the acceptability of commingling work and personal emails  
"Scottish" Labour cannot accept the result of the EU referendum result in Scotland.  #FakeBranding 
Britain's trade with 70 nations is at risk of falling off a "cliff edge" without a Brexit deal, MPs say  
#SIXNATIONS: Ireland wins after England loses to France in massive Brexit metaphor. 
Do you ever get so Brexit that you reject your own withdrawal plan? 
Petition for referendum to stay in EU - Started by Stephen Cowan, leader of Hammersmith & Fulham council  
Participated in panel on #Commonwealth challenges & opportunities. Part of a very successful #IBDEConference “Building Growth in the Insecure World.” Wide canvas of issues: #Brexit #globalisation #trade #SDGs #climatechange. Thx @RudiGuraziu @RichardDABurge & team for fab job! 
We must make sure that Brexit remains an "if" not a "when"  
This huge leak of WhatsApp chats reveals the full fury of the Tories’ Brexit split.And they’ve split not just their own party but the entire country. But Brexit isn’t the answer to the UK’s problems.Let’s #StopBrexit and fund our NHS instead. #FBPE. 
1) Why am I, a remainer from Kent, putting all my energy into the #GreatNorthernMarch, rather than just getting on with activities in my own region? It's because we need to mobilise the North to win this fight against Brexit. The north is where Brexit can and will be stopped. 
At every turn Corbyn blocks debate & discussion about Brexit ignores majority of Labour supporters to persue his own personal agenda.I will not vote Labour again until the party reflects it's Members Voters the Unions & Supporters #StopBrexit #REMAIN 
This is my thought. You can jail a hundred, maybe a thousand. But 100,000? Parliament has declared war on its electorate with its unlimited immigration and lack of respect for the Brexit vote. We do not now have a democracy. As such the Houses of Parliament at an irrelevance 
Proper Brexit performance there from England, returning from the continent after a confused performance with France and Ireland the winners. 
"If Ruth Davidson and the Conservatives refuse to respect the result of the 2014 referendum, they’ve got some nerve demanding that others do" 
Indian Government was highly surprised that instead of tying some sort of post Brexit trade deal to better and more student and business visas, UK Govt, even at PM level has raised issues such as visa overstayers as the priority - here are the 2010-2016 numbers  
He still managed to get 17.4 million people to vote for Brexit. But I suppose the EU is the sort of “establishment” you support given its all for protectionism of its own corporate institutions. 
Hard Brexit in Paris tonight... #Rugby #Neutral  
Almost no one in Gibraltar wanted Brexit. Now, will the territory be sold out by British ministers desperate for a deal with the EU? HARRY RIDGEWELL goes there to find out#StopBrexit 
Hackers who broke into German government’s intranet servers managed to steal documents on Ukraine, Belarus ... and Brexit talks  
I think voting no in this referendum is so selfish, everyone should have a right to abort safely in their own country 
UK fishing is currently a small industry however after Brexit it can become a key industry for coastal areas supporting tens of thousands of jobs. Our politicians however are willing to sell out the UK & sell out our fishing industry yet again. Time to take a stand & stop them  
Petition set up to BAN anti-Brexit billionaire George #SOROS from the United Kingdom.           #fo2eu 
Have a read. A delusional cult, steeped in hatred and bile, with a single goal of Brexit at any cost to the UK and its people.  
Most horrific aspect to the leaked Tory ERG WhatsAp Chat is not the delusions over #brexit but the embarrassing childish nature of their talk. It’s like reading the bitchy comments of school children. Depressing & revealing of the vacuous heart of brexit politicians. @alexGspence 
Adonis seems to live in a world of his own - a world where everything revolves around him.  The arrogant little twerp still doesn’t seem to be able to grasp that we had a referendum and 52% of the voters disagreed with him.  
LAB voter split YouGov Brexit tracker Brexit RIGHT 21%Brexit WRONG 71%. Corbyn says EU = immigration = lower wages. Truth is Germany & France have higher levels of immigration but also higher wages.Why perpetuate a lie to implement a policy at odds with 71% of your members? 
With 90 percent of growth expected to come from outside Europe in the coming years, by leaving the EU we will put ourselves in a better position to capitalise upon that growth, says Brexit Minister @SuellaFernandes  
Brexit is devoid of any merit. It could not have survived a powerful or even competent opposition.#StopBrexit #A50Challenge #LE2018VoteRemain 
in other words Leonard is telling Scottish Labour to back an English brexit vote. Same old Labour rolling over to keep their London masters happy. They are not even willing to represent the Scottish electorates point of view. 
Brexit’s Got Talent is my least favourite tv show but at least it’s short 
Any Brit MP & citizen fighting to keep UK in this Britain Hating Corrupt Cabal either have a vested interest or are thick Brit haters. German Lufhansa boss says teaching UK a lesson over Brexit might be a good thing  
" if all you want to do is stop Brexit and Trump and go back to what you regard as normal, you miss that what was normal led to Brexit and Trump"  
We won’t stop “crying” or “moaning” (or pointing out the flaws in your non-plan) until Brexit is reversed, and we get our tolerant, open, compassionate, brave country back.  Andy Bodle on form.    
Increasingly think any second referendum on leaving the EU would actually deliver a much bigger ‘out’ vote than the first time. 
Alternative names for Nigel Farage’s new podcast:System of a ClownLimp BrexitPropa JokeAryan Cunt FarmUntruebusRed Faced Bigot VotersMy Comical Phone-insEvanonsense 
Young people are AGAINST Brexit.Brexit is AGAINST Young People. 
The greatest bulwark against the authoritarianism of Putin or Xi Jinping is to strengthen democracy at home. Sadly, in both Britain and America the opposite has happened  and we are now reaping the consequences of our indifference to politics through Brexit and #DonaldTrump. 
An article about the UK's reliance on the EU as an export destination for fish caught by UK fishermen. It highlights the damage that #Brexit will do to the UK's fishing industry.Those debating with some of the hardline #Leavers may find it useful. 
Matt on Brexit and the pollution of our seas - political cartoon gallery in Putney  
When someone suggests a soft brexit  
And now we go live to Brexit.  
Remainers should be wary of many popular anti-Brexit voices.If they tell you Labour is "a pro-Remain party" be wary.Labour's stance on Brexit CAN'T be changed by supporting them. That's as ridiculous as trying to remove a red wine stain by pouring more rioja onto it.#ABTV 
Actually it would be much cheaper to give our 15,000 fishermen a nice fat pension for life than incur the horrendous cost of Brexit. So if its just about the bloody fish.....  
We do. Scotland voted 62% to remain, and leaving the single market is devastating to our jobs and our economy #Brexit @theSNP 
Shock, horror - France has secured a trade deal with INDIA, (and it doesn't involve selling weapons of mass destruction either). But how can that be when they are a member of the EU. Yet another Brexit lie exposed........ 
I refuse to accept that Brexit is inevitable. The more people who say NO to this #BrexitShambles the better chance we have of success. Let’s build the pressure  
English leader of Scottish Labour says Scottish Labour must accept England’s EU Referendum Result whilst spitting on Scotland’s EU Referendum result @scottishlabour a seriously screwed up entity 
I’m starting to get an ever-so-slight, incy-wincy feeling Brexit is not a brilliant idea. Retweet if you are starting to get it too. 
Thread by @JolyonMaugham shredding Corbyn's far-right style immigration rhetoric. #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit #ABTV 
what was that about strengthening environmental standards after Brexit? "UK defies EU over Indonesian palm oil trade, leaked papers show" @Si_at_lush @ChrisGPackham @LushTimesEN 
Empire strikes back: why former colonies don't need Britain after Brexit Naive hope, misguided assumption that Commonwealth countries are eager to forge new ties with Britain and not with EU instead—the world’s second-largest economy.By @saliltripathi 
 I had a few things to say today about Brexit, the Single Market and the positive case for immigration. You can read it here  #ScotLab18  
Everyone on the Corbyn is anti immigrant bandwagon today is either Tory or hard of thinking. With plenty in both camps obviously.The notion the man who champions the working class would blame any for being poorly paid is redundant#Brexit 
A new, meaningful vote on Brexit is the way forward- @vincecable Watch Vince discuss Brexit here: #LDConf 
A treasure trove of WhatsApp messages reveal internal Conservative wars over Brexit  only right we should see them - the European Research Group is partly paid for by MPs’ expenses which are funded by taxpayers. 
MAY'S RED LINE CONUNDRUM:No FOM = No SM = Hard Brexit.Hard Brexit = NI Hard Border.NI Hard Border = End of GFA.End of GFA ruled out by EU & UKTherefore EU says:NI + SM + GB - SM = GFA OK.But May says:GB = NI = No SM.Answers on a postcard please to HM the Queen#FBPE 
In case STV News delete the tweet, here's *Scottish* Labour leader Richard Leonard saying Labour should ignore the EU referendum 62% Remain vote in Scotland.  
It is all very well but the #FBPE campaign is simply driving a hard Tory Brexit. The choice is LAB or Tory. Split the LAB vote and you get Tories. Simple as that.  
.@jeremycorbyn's criticism of the EU single market yesterday shows that the .@LibDems are the only party truly fighting against Brexit.#LDConf. Watch .@vincecable live:  
Vince Cable - we should expose Labour's hypocrisy and ambiguity on #Brexit . Labour can't have it both ways and be anti-Brexit in London and pro-Brexit elsewhere. #LDConf 
Dear #Brexit fans.You remember all that bollocks about EU members not being “permitted” to trade with countries outside the EU?Well, it’s still bollocks. Best try to keep up eh? #stopbrexit 
The fact you choose to attack us shows we’re having an impact, that you fear us, that you worry we’ll get through to Brexit voters who were deceived...that fact & reason will finally triumph over your prejudice & fantasy. Keep attacking us...it puts us in front of Brexit voters.  
A lot of fake posts about #Corbyn on #Immigration and #Brexit doing the rounds from the hard of thinking/ trolls and paid accounts.for those that prefer facts .......  
Brexit was caused by a non-existent problem fabricated by bigots & xenophobes, it will damage the unwitting but most of all it will damage those who are presently children - it is unconscionable @theresa_may and you are to blame. 
Every time Corbyn talks of a "jobs first Brexit" he makes it sound as if this self-destructive project can be good for the country, and that helps the Tory Brexiters. And now he lends credibility to right-wing lies about EU immigration.#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit #ABTV 
Irish influencers could encourage SO many young people to go out and vote if they'd just TALK about the referendum !!!! 
Liverpool fans all converting back to catholics tomorrow after salahs disasters class, brexit means brexit 
ICYMI: Is #Brexit trashing your future? How you can get involved in the fight to #StopBrexit 
I have. Did you read this part of the report you quote? Percentages don’t tell the full story. Oh, and BTW, the main reason Spanish nurses aren’t coming to the UK isn’t Brexit but a recruitment drive for the Spanish healthcare system, but you already knew that, didn’t you?  
Today I have seen a Corbyn supporter address criticism of the Labour leader's recent Brexit speech by calling it a Blairite plot to undermine Corbyn at every turn.These people are an unhinged cult. If we can't judge Corbyn by his own words & actions, that's no democracy. 
Cabinet Ministers and Tees Valley Mayor @BenHouchen are urging Philip Hammond to back plans for a "free port" to transform Teesside into a post-Brexit manufacturing hub  
Another thing they forgot to mention on that big #Brexit red bus...  
Many thanks to the source who infiltrated the campaign to overturn the referendum result and sent me their handbook 
.@jeremycorbynBy any analysis Hard Brexit will be disastrous for ordinary people. Failing to oppose it is failing your country and failing socialism. You are not just missing an opportunity, you are standing in the way of progress.That is unforgivable, 
Jacob Stockdale could intercept Brexit #IREVSCO 
.@M_AndersonSF Sinn Féin MEP Martina Anderson has said an independent legal report has called for special status for the north in order to protect human rights from Brexit.  
CORRECTION:Remain Referendum message: If you vote Leave you’ll be voting to be poorer.Brexiters: You won’t be poorer! It’s Project Fear!17.4m believe it’s Project Fear.Brexiters now: People voted to be poorer! 
EU membership has eased tensions between Gibraltar and Spain. No wonder 96% voted to Remain.So what next? We must stand firm to defend #Gibraltar in the #Brexit negotiations 
Having run a successful market stall selling goods to locals, Mr Brexit decided he wanted to attract new customers. He moved the stall away from the market and opened it up in a back street. Whilst he found a few new customers, he lost all of his old ones. Mr #Brexit went bust 
To all those who want to #repealthe8th, trust woman and doctors and face the realities - you need to play your part. Oireachtas can pass legislation for a referendum but it’s up to YOU, to all of us, to talk to family and friends and explain why we need to repeal. We can do this 
Richard Leonard's Scottish Labour party supports a job-destroying Brexit, with Scotland out the Single Market. Get the facts. #ScotLab18 
Hey, @NickBoles. How many people didn't vote at all because the economic impact was disputed, and years of politicking by politicians left them to conclude that it probably won't make much difference?(Brexit isn't about winners, or losers, but everyone politicians represent)  
I genuinely cannot understand how anyone of good faith could read this as an attack on either the EU or migrant workers rather than an attack on May's Hard Brexit. He is talking about aligning with the EU reforms that are coming in.  
Arlene Foster @DUPleader condemns Tony Blair and John Major for inciting fear over the return of violence in Northern Ireland after Brexit  
Could we all stop arguing about SHITTING BREXIT for five minutes and sort our woeful National Character the FUCK OUT? Look at this shameful cuntery.   
Trump has declared war on Brexit and, as @Andrew_Adonis argues, "the good news is that he has done so in time for us to reassess the value of the EU for our trade and security."  
To mark one year to go until #Brexit, we're hosting a special live edition of our #Brexitcast podcast on 28th March in London. You can apply for tickets here:  
Fears are growing of disruption, delays and perhaps even chaos for business after Brexit.People voted for more money for the NHS. Instead, Brexit is putting jobs, trade and public services at risk.#BrexitReality #StopBrexit #FBPE 
I am @LibDems now cos of Brexit. I wasn't in 2010 but thought coalition was in the interests of UK. LDs did not *enable* the Tories. The voters did. It was not the worst gov't either. Darling would have had austerity too. Fake facts tribalism & demonization are destroying UK.  
The separatist numpties are Shane’s English Brexit countrymen who reject  European cooperation in a favour of racist rhetoric. The SNP are the European social democrats he wants Labour to be. (And Harris is closer to Corbyn on the EU).  
Pleased to have addressed the @UKLabour #Yorkshire Regional Conference on why #Labour must oppose the damaging, costly, rights-destroying Tory #Brexit continues  
Amazing how many rich people are happy for poor people to become poorer in pursuit of their Brexit fantasies. 
Here it is #finalsay is official Liberal Democrat Policy. The country should get to make the decision as to whether the deal this Government negotiates is good enough that we continue to believe the UK should leave the EUExit from Brexit  via @LibDems 
Brexit is distracting Theresa May from pressing problems of housing and the NHS: my Sunday article @IndyVoices 
New Caledonia holds a referendum on Independence from France this year. It must take place no later than November. The Pacific country's GDP is c.$10bn which is included in current French GDP data.GDP:$2.574807trn FRANCE$2.565051trn UNITED KINGDOM$9.756bn the difference. 
Brexit gets silly. Analysis of Tusk speech and reactions in my latest blog post:  
I have been in no doubt what the Labour leadership strategy has been..they've stated it clearly..to leave the EU & deny the ppl a #FinalSayForAll with a #Remain option....basically let #Brexit happen & then try to pass all the blame onto the Tories...May fool a few but not us! 
Read this thread — critical questions for UK’s trading viability after Brexit, posed in historical context. The sting is in tweet 7. The seventies were not a good time, and we seem to be going back there: the UK joined the EEC for a reason …  
“Our pamphlet argues why Labour needs to adopt a clear anti-Brexit stance and act as a catalyst for change in Europe.” Say pro-Corbyn pro-EU group @Another_Europe: 
Fishing communities across Scotland voted Tory and strengthened the case for both Brexit and the Union. If this govt betrays our fishing communities, Tory revival in Scotland will be dead in the water!Don't forget this Hammond and May!#Brexit  
Also Mctominay apparently is doing well.Good for Brexit Makelele. 
“the ‘what does the PM really think?’ question is unlikely to go away. Between now and October, when Mrs May hopes to return from Bxl with a deal, the PM will come under more pressure to explain why Brexit is intrinsically worth pursuing.”#itsnotworthit 
Worth reading full thread from Alex: There’s the insight into Brexit. And there’s the very 2018 weirdness of what happens when British politics is run via a few competing WhatsApp groups.  
I don’t like this man, he is an idiot, he tells lots of lies, he wants to wreck Scotland’s economy & drag us down the Brexit xenophobia path, with sheer empty rhetoric. Don’t be fooled. #stopBrexit #joinsnp #ScotRef now. 
After months of struggling, I think I've finally understood the distinction between a Tory and a Labour Brexit. Both would inevitably be apocalyptic disasters, but the latter is purely imaginary because Labour can't possibly get into power unless it abandons Brexit completely. 
#NotVotingLabourBecause Brexit is every issue.#FBPE #StopBrexit #brexit  
If the past week has not convinced Remainers that "And then Corbyn stops Brexit" should not be the assumed end point of their plans, I don't know what will.Corbyn is not playing a long game for Remain. Please join the rest of us in reality and find a real workable solution. 
How to help the #LibDems 1) Be leader of Labour party2) Help Tories secure #Brexit3) Ignore your own members4) Lie about immigration effects on wages and other blatant lies5) Display arrogance and conceit6) Disrespect British workersThat should do it. 
Irish ambassador refuting reports that smart border 2.0 would solve Irish border Brexit issue  
.@kezdugdale tells @SL4SingleMarket fringe at #ScotLab18 that the impact of Brexit will be “harrowing”. No one voted to be poorer.  
The Labour leader repeatedly claimed that his party "respected" the referendum result. If so, should he not focus on delivering a Brexit that works for the many who voted for it, rather than the EU?  
Between Brexit, Italy and Germany, the EU's reforms are under threat  
BRITISH fisherman Simon Collins has ridiculed the European Union’s “absurd” draft proposal for its future trading partnership with Britain which called for Brussels to have continued access to UK waters after Brexit.   
Ha!The PM wants her Govt to be remembered for MORE than #BrexitLet me HELP you out Theresa !#Homelessness#Foodbanks#InWorkPoverty#NHSCrisis#PublicServicesCrisisAnd ALL those other #BurningInjustices REMEMBER !! (which you've done NOTHING about.)#WestminsterHr 
Sorry, did I say Brexit would destroy workers' pay and conditions, I meant improve.  
The only sensible approach to Brexit is to turn around and run like the fucking wind. pic.twitter.com/g1FxJ4a7Rv 
The inner thoughts of the right-wing Tory fanatics who brought you Brexit...  
."Brexit is bad enough – cutting us off from the single market is disastrous – but the way the Tories are bungling EVERY issue & burning EVERY bridge is catastrophic.". 
Team Bearder says Exit From Brexit! #LDConf 
As an independent country in the EU, with its own vote, Scotland would have more say on the UK’s post-Brexit EU deal than we do now in the ‘precious Union’.  
Brussels on the Brink: EU's Hostile Front Against UK Faces Collapse as Italy Election Winners Back Brexit  via @BreitbartNews 
Many Commonwealth countries now see the EU, not the UK, as their priority.“One way to look at the Brexit referendum is to see it as a leap backwards into a past that existed more in imagination than in reality.”#LifeB4Brexit #StopBrexit 
Theresa May has said it: aim of #Brexit negotiations is to limit damage. What sane country would CHOOSE a path where it must “limit damage”? 
If all Mr Corbyn @jeremycorbyn can offer is a less damaging Brexit than a damaging Tory Brexit, then it is time to assess the damage already done and have no Brexit. This is the least damaging option of all. 
We've reaffirmed our commitment to an Exit from Brexit at #ldconf - read more here! 
I’m a constituent of yours, Darren, and this is deeply worrying. I’m opposed to your boss’ overall pro- Brexit position and language which links immigration and poor economic health, when immigrants boost the economy, is equally unwelcome 
The Tories have made it clear that any vote on the Brexit deal will still result in Brexit. Remain is off the table forever.This is the act of a totalitarian government. They have rejected democracy.How do you remove a non-democratic government by democratic means? 
Our 15th nominee for #EUsuperheroes goes to @Suewilson91 "Sue has worked tirelessly since the referendum, to stop Brexit and for Citizens Rights... she is truly amazing and has gathered a wonderful team to fight against Brexit and for Citizens Rights.” 
Corbyn is part of the 21%, and that’s why he isn’t fighting Brexit on behalf of the 71% of Labour voters who know it’s a disaster.For the few Brexiters, not the many Remainers.  
We have to call out this notion that Brexit was a ‘working class voice’. Only for the old working class. Working class youth (18-24) voted for Remain... by ~10% margin.C2: Remain-54% Leave-46%DE: Remain-56% Leave-44%See:  
And so it begins even before Brexit is complete - the tearing up of universal human rights we were once responsible for drafting, screwing the rights of vulnerable and voiceless victims. Shame on you Mrs May.  
#Corbyn's approach to #Brexit is "sensible"No. Sorry.There is no such thing as a "Sensible Brexit"An act of national self harm which will blight our country for generations. Damaging our economy, society, culture, public services #OurNHS#StopBrexit 
Pretty shocking. Roma Agrawal said on BBCQT that she was “absolutely not convinced” that life is better outside the EU. The Daily Express put up a picture of her with the caption: “Roma Agrawal says ‘get behind Brexit’.” Yes, with quote marks. FFS.  
I can't see any cunningness at all in Corbyn's current plan. Yes, he may appeal to a few still-ignorant-of-Brexit-reality northern constituencies, but that's nowhere near enough to gain him power. He's consigning Labour to the doldrums, just like Foot did. #FBPE #WATON 
UK Fisherman on Daft EU proposalFishing is one of things EU is involved the whole time.We are very much used to way #EU operates from the inside if you like.And we have got quite used to the Bold statements of the Absurd & this is one of them!#Brexit 
If this doesn't galvanise the anti-Brexit tactical vote, what will?Vote ONLY for pro-EU parties in May’s local elections.Destroy the Tories.Send Corbyn a message he can't ignore.#StopBrexit 
I took on Andrew Adonis and Anna Soubry in a debate on Brexit at the Durham Union. Here is a clip from my speech. Soubry inferred I was a Bastard and a Bugger. I told right on the first never on the second. Enjoy!  
I knew I’d seen this. Thomas Cook are inserting a Brexit clause for all holidays booked after March 2019. That may invalidate your insurance if Brexit means no flights etc and they cancel. Be aware.  
.@BorisJohnson is a compulsive and casual fibber, whether on the Irish border or money for the NHS post-Brexit. He is not fit to represent us at home or abroad. 
Another nugget: In November, after the Telegraph ran the “Brexit mutineers” splash, the ERG’s chair Suella Fernandes sent round a message to the group saying: “No one can think the Telegraph’s front page this morning did us and Brexit any good.” 
LABOUR'S BREXIT PLAN:1. Tell all the racists they're right2. Ask for unicorns3. ???4. No hard Brexit somehow! 
The reason members were blocked from voting on the #SingleMarket is because #Corbyn knows he'd lose the vote, which is exactly why he refuses to give #Labour members a say on #Brexit at all - it's a disgrace and he's misled and betrayed members who voted for him#ScotLab18 
In case anyone’s still wondering how Brexit happened  
."The message coming from two senior figures from the logistics industry, both managing large international movements of goods was stark: The UK isn’t ready to administer trade after Brexit.". 
No it's not scaremongering, the government's own figures show that Brexit could result in a depression, much worse than the one in the 1930s. @Labour's support for Brexit is so ludicrous, it's risible. @acgrayling @mrjamesob @DanJarvisMP @DavidLammy @Femi_Sorry @LordCFalconer 
Should the country go on strike to demand a #FinalSayForAll ? Suggested date: Monday 23rd June, 2018. Two years on from the Brexit referendum. Pls RT for numbers. Comments welcome. 
Evidence grows that Labour has been colluding with EU officials to undermine the UK's negotiating position on Brexit:  
The BBC has a lot of explaining to do regarding its complete failure to balance the argument on Brexit.  
Brussels on the Brink: EU's Hostile Front Against UK Faces Collapse as Italy Election Winners Back Brexit  
Corbyn is a disappointment beyond measure. In the local elections in May ABTV= Anti-Brexit Tactical Voting is needed to send a clear Remain message to him and all MPs.  
Seems like some divide and conquer tweets going on to split up the remain camp this morning. Please focus on stopping Brexit, not sniping at what all the political parties did in the past. It is what they are doing now and their position on Brexit that counts. 
David Goodhart (who voted Remain) schools Remoaner journalist Rachel Shabi on how important “taking back control” after Brexit is.  
Regular readers will know I’m massively behind JC’s agenda. Which is why it frustrates me that he doesn’t yet seem to grasp that Brexit is the thing that’s most likely to wreck it. 
‘The 'open skies' row shows how Trump will exploit Brexit at Britain's cost’This ‘taking back control’ is going well, isn’t it? Oh, Brexiters, what have you done?  
Well, I love the UK, will never get tired of London (luckily "when a man grows tired of London, he's tired of life" is a favourite quote  ). But I'm not a fan of Brexit.  And I agree about the light years...  Yet many claim they are the shining beacon of freedom.. 
Eric Dier in The Times: 'There's a 'no d*ckhead' policy at Spurs.''We debate Brexit, technology and natural resources; we never talk about cars & clothes.'  
Just tell President Macron we want to stay in the EU & hope to hold a referendum on Mrs May’s Brexit deal next year.  
May as Home Secretary blocked the EU from having a trade deal with India because the trade off was more Indian visas. That trade off would still be there after Brexit, if not more pronounced.   
I cannot agree with this . Neither party will be in any position to deliver anything other than a damaging and divisive version of an all consuming Brexit. Their manifesto promises will vanish faster than a fart in a thunderstorm. There is no 'better Brexit' only no Brexit.  
Kezia Dugdale: I quit as Scottish Labour leader over Corbyn's Brexit stance  
Who else in the UK is feeling politically homeless, powerless, aghast, dismayed, angry, terrified for the future of the UK and for our children, determined to fight, embarrassed, saddened and mortified because of #Brexit #BrexitShambles #Remain 
Brussels on the Brink: EU’s Hostile Front Against UK Faces Collapse as Italy Election Winners Back Brexit  
The Brexit decision was chaotic & inchoate in its inception & gestation: its labour long & difficult; its birth likely to be breach or still born. Baby Brexit was never really planned for; it was a child of lust & passion, but it was never going to survive; its DNA unviable. 
It is very unlikely #Leave would have gained a majority without the hate & lies in the #Brexit press. So you @jeremycorbyn are legitimising and using that tide of right-wing xenophobic hate & lies to push your version of #Brexit.Such a stench of hypocrisy!#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Dear Labour Members. It's time to get rid of Corbyn. He didn't win the last election. He's supporting the most destructive right wing policy we've seen for decades. His actions alone on Brexit will mean less money for public services & fewer workers rights. He is not of the left 
“Young people who are pro-Brexit expect abuse, whether online or when out campaigning.“Since the referendum, #Brexit is still seen as racist and evil, and supporting it paints you with that brush.”  
Funny how much of Brexit criticism comes back to criticism of those who voted for it - the “uninformed”.  
Remembering before Brexit. The actual moment Britian peaked was marked when a Somalian Immigrant won the 10,000m with the entire country screaming in support.   
Given Corbyn has pissed off the Scottish by being an undemocratic racist, I'll point out that the family motto of my direct Scottish ancestry translates as "Which will you choose?"Clearly Corbyn chooses Brexit but voters can choose more wisely. #StopBrexit #ABTV 
Trump declares war on Brexit  
THE EU IS struggling to absorb the shock of a populist breakthrough in Italy amid fears that the anti-migrant blowback would threaten a post-Brexit reform drive led by France and Germany.  
Interesting leak on Brexit devolution issue that is causing more severe headaches in Government:  
Labours Brexit policy is that they will protect the free movement of capital but are opposed to the same freedom for workers. Comrade Corbyn needs to brush up on his Marxist theory 
“You’re good at maths aren’t you, Diane? Is ‘few’ more than ‘many’? I’m confused”“I haven’t got a clue, Jeremy. Why?”“Cos I’m colluding with a FEW EU bureaucrats against the MANY millions of Britons who voted #Brexit”“Yeah, you’re for the few, not the many, Jeremy”  
'Businesses are VERY resilient' Expert explains how UK would 'adapt' to no deal Brexit  
Interesting interview with director of the Institute of Fiscal Studies, Paul Johnson: ‘we are nowhere near out of austerity. It’s obvious that Brexit will leave Britain worse off’:  
Since #brexit £10 is now only worth £7.80 .... fantastic news #morons 
Donald Trump tries to exploit UK weakness to US advantage over Open Skies "The US offered Britain in January a far worse deal after Brexit than it currently has as an EU member... such a deal could seriously damage the flying rights of major UK airlines" 
Many years ago we were sold PPI with loans we were applying for. Didn't really know what it was but we were assured by the salespeople that it was a good idea. It wasn't,  and we got our money back.In 2016 we were sold #Brexit Who do we see for our refund? 
No wonder the majority of MP’s were against #Brexit. What conceivable benefit is there to the electorate in this piece of grubby EU legislation?  
Absolutely disgraceful!What a ridiculous mess the UK is in.BOTH MAIN PARTIES HAVE LOST THEIR MINDS!For goodness sake? How many warnings do they need that Brexit is going to be a disaster?Both @Conservatives and @labour are UNFIT to govern.Is this how “GREAT” we are?!  
Corbyn and his ‘socialist’ reasons for Brexit. Just as fallacious as the hard right free market excuses. We are better off in the EU, every study confirms this, so more money for public services etc.  
Up to Bradford today on behalf of @laboursinglemkt to talk to @yorkshirelabour party members about Brexit. 3pm fringe event at conference with @angelasmithmp @VPointon @mdbuckley. 
Former Polish minister says more EU countries will vote OUT if Brexit is a success       
Given that the administration wants to continue to have all the benefits of EU membership, there is only one solution to the conundrum, cancel #Brexit and get back to being Great Britain again.#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
We must not fail the British fishing industry in the Brexit negotiations      
The Road to Brexit (2018)  
Lovely, abandoned post-Brexit Soham has a new pub. And you should go.  
It’s heartbreaking to see the party which used to stand for internationalism, co-operation & solidarity turning - against the wishes of its members & voters - into the pro-#Brexit Party. @UKLabour And the members get no say in this in a supposedly democratic Party. 
‘Cars? No, we discuss Brexit, Catalonia and VAR at Spurs. Footballers have so much to talk about, so much to say.’ Eric Dier opens up #thfc 
As we listen to the rantings of the EU's puffed-up popinjays like Barnier, Tusk, Juncker, Verhofstadt and their loathsome cronies, remember that:7,000,000,000 people (92% of the world)168 countries85% of World Trade are not in EU.Rejoin the Big Wide World!Viva Brexit! 
Very funny-serious @robertshrimsley on Life before Brexit?  via @financialtimes 
The EU forces up the prices of Chinese Solar Panels and enforces a 65% tariff to protect the overpriced Germany industry.The EU Customs Union is a protection racket for large corporations and big banks. We must leave it.#Brexit #FBPE 
Killer whale with minimal grasp of English language to replace David Davis as chief Brexit negotiator 
"Nobody explained to British people what #Brexit meant". A selection of charts from our scholars.  
There'll be no Brexit deal in 2018, British officials say privately  
This is where Remainers and Leavers should unite. Not behind Brexit, but in holding the liars to account!#StopBrexit2018 
How many Brexit elephants can you fit in one room?First it was the Irish Border one. Then the aviation one. Then the medicines one. & now the Gibraltar one.What is the collective noun for elephants? A herd - A herd of Brexit elephants in the room. 
LETS BE CLEAR-please note that for 6 months now the month by month polling shows that the UK public has turned against brexit. The aim is to get more & more to speak out publicly & encourage even more to say brexit reality is different from what was promised. THEY LIED TO US ALL  
From @SuellaFernandes: Brexit. I am more excited than ever about what the future holds.  
"Brexit Taliban"?"Brexit suicide vests"?No, not hysterical at all.     
Italy's radical new leaders denounce EU Brexit strategy as foolish dogma - The Telegraph  
Brexit, summarised perceptively by Luxembourg’s Prime Minister:  
Empire strikes back: why former colonies don't need Britain after Brexit 
‘Like a divorcee on the rebound, Brexit Britain is desperately wooing an old flame: the Commonwealth’ v good from @saliltripathi  
Brexit is the biggest political event in the UK since the second world war.Perhaps the biggest in peacetime history.There are 3 million human beings on the island who are living in hell right now and need political support.Opposition is doing nothing.#Corbynmustgo 
We remain confident that in coming to a decision so important to the future of our country Parliamentarians will proceed with due regard to the opinions expressed in the referendum but above all soberly in light of the accumulated evidence & in the best interests of the nation.  
When will @jeremycorbyn tell the truth about how it is the depressed Labour heartlands that will be smashed by Brexit. The Government may not care. But why would he betray those constituencies?  
In the best interest of the UK @theresa_may should step down as PM and declare that she is doing so because she cannot in good faith deliver #Brexit now knowing the catastrophic consequences for the British people  
#Populism #TheWealthParadox #Brexit #Trump It's time to bust the myth ... most Trump voters were not working-class 
The EU wanted a rule to protect 'unexplained wealth' of politicians.Smell the corruption.It's almost overpowering.#Brexit=Freedom.  
Does @Jeremycorbyn remember that #Scotland voted #Remain by 62/38%, and that leaving will see our economy shrink by 9%? And he thinks we can be fooled by his incoherent waffle on #Brexit? 
My exclusive interview with President Macron - he speaks to me candidly on Rafale deal, Indo-France ties, Trump, Brexit, Solar Alliance #MacroninIndia See:  
#Brexit, the #US, #China and the future of global #trade  
Let me get this right.The UK is getting powers back from Brussels as a result of Brexit which Sturgeon wants to give right back to Brussels if Scotland became indy, yet it's a UK power grab from Scotland.You couldn't make it up.  
I think Farage could be the link between the Trump campaign, Farage and Cambridge Analytica (who were involved in Brexit). Farage was on UK TV leaving the embassy Assange was in, & waving goodbye. The reporter asked what they talked about, Farage said he didn't remember! 
Brexit: the road to Armageddon - with the extraordinary twist that the media hasn't even noticed. In course, they will "discover" the crisis and take ownership of it. But when it actually started, they weren't even there...  #Brexit.  
And we now go live to Brexit.  
This MEP is genuinely comparing the war in Iraq, which had no mandate from the British people ...with Brexit - a legal referendum which told MEPs that the will of the vast majority was to leave? Shameful.  
If you doubted that Corbyn was at heart a Liever and voted for Lieve, this speech should be a wake-up call.  Don't waste a vote on Jeremy Conman if you want to stop Brexit or at minimum achieve as soft a Brexit as possible.  He's lying about the EU's rules and privatization too.  
How does any leader of the Scottish branch of @UKLabour recover a Conferenceafter his London boss comes up and curdles the milk?#Corbyn is so out of his depth in #ScotlandHasn’t a clueAdd on #Brexit#Corbyn is winging it & losing height all the time 
Her Majesty’s Opposition working with a foreign power in an attempt to  undermine and ultimately bring down the #British government? Oh and to  massively water down what the #BritishElectorate voted for? Disgraceful!   #BBC #SKY #LBC #Labour #UK #EU #BREXIT 
Couldn’t have said it better myself.Labour need a wake up call at #le2018 and they will damn well get it if they continue to support Brexit and insult the @The3Million#abtv #fbpe #finalsay 
We were lied to! New ‘Renew’ party hopes to OVERTURN Brexit - Daily Express  
If you voted Remain this will make you angrier than ever. If you voted for Brexit you should feel deep shame.  
EU freezes Brexit talks until Britain produces 'realistic' Irish border solution   Why aren't we hearing more about this on MSM? @mikegalsworthy @Neal_Compass @JamesMelville @Scientists4EU @albawhitewolf @spaceangel1964 
The majority of Labour voters overall and in every labour-held constituency are remain, Labour members are overwhelmingly remain and want a #finalsay referendum, Labour MPs are overwhelmingly remain. 3/ 
Nope, I just can’t be arsed anymore. There’s no good or jobs-first Brexit, even the SM would be damaging to the economy and jobs, the CU alone doesn’t solve the NI border, immigration does not reduce wages, the EU does not stop nationalisation 1/  
'Easy to see why Govt wanted to keep #Brexit analysis secret' There is only 1 #Brexit..forget hard or soft..if we leave the EU we lose:1. Our current deal2. Rights3. A strong economy4. Control & InfluenceIf we #Remain we don't. 
Corbyn outlines his "radical" policies to "Scottish" Labour. He agrees with Theresa on BrexitHe agrees with Theresa on the single marketHe agrees with Theresa on the customs unionHe agrees with Nigel on immigrationHe agrees that the #SNP are bad#ScotRef  
Total fail from The National on Corbyn. The debate around immigration is polarised as it is without this additional tangent. Yes, Corbyn's position on Brexit is all over the place, but drawing an equivalence with Farage is gutter as fuck. 
It's late, I'm tired, so I'll be blunt about my opinion of Corbyn. He's just another of the #Brexit frauds, like David Davis & Johnson. He wants to rob us of Freedom of Movement, he lies about a "jobs first Brexit" & he's a fake antiwar campaigner & Kremlin friend.#StopBrexit 
For on this occasion Brexit definitely does mean Brexit — a Labour Brexit is no better than a Tory Brexit because it’s financial impact will mean that none of Corbyn’s genuinely positive policies would actually work. Plus other negative effects the same. 3/3 
Plus all the other points I made about Brexit making the UK poorer. You may of course continue to believe in Mr Corbyn. That’s your choice. But please make sure that you are happy with what doing so will mean for your future. 2/ 
Right, so you will back no deal because Corbyn didn't back the option of stopping Brexit. You charlatans make me so angry. I voted Labour last time and gave you the benefit of the doubt. You can go whistle for it next time. I'm sick of this game playing.  
I’m temporarily lifting my ban on the word “iconic” to retweet this quintessential Brexit moment.  
"I don't think you can talk about feminism without talking about Repeal the 8th referendum in this country" - yes @oneilllo  I totally agree #latelateshow 
Scotland was one of the first of hundreds of countries to be systematically looted by the rich and powerful.Today their network of tax evasion has reached epidemic levels.This is the reason for Brexit. You're not taking back control; you're giving it away. 
He's still trying the old pathtic negotiating trick of pretending that there are only two options of deal or no deal. The EU aren't as stupid as him. They know the option of cancelling Brexit is still available.  
I’m gonna give you my bold radical ideas... ready?We leave the UK and detach ourselves from Tory austerity which is killing some of our most vulnerable. We have a clear plan for Europe which counters the horrific brexit shambles.In fact.... just vote SNP   
The lights are off & nobody is listening. Great thread on the multiple fallacies of Corbyn’s Brexit positioning.Those questions I asked @UKLabour earlier? Now we know the answers. And they leave left-leaning Remainers with a similar problem to right-leaning Remainers. Stuck. 
Post Brexit, the only dogs allowed at Crufts will be Staffordshire bull terriers, sporting overly large chunky chain leads, walked by lads in tracksuits. 
Ever so slightly awkward #Brexit  
Did anyone see the Putin documentary on BBC 2 just? Fascinating moment when William Hague admitted that they knew Putin was “interfering in elections and REFERENDA (my emphasis) in the West”. That’s an admission by former Foreign Sec that there was Russian interference in Brexit. 
This is the speech the vast majority of us implore you to make @jeremycorbyn, we know a "Jobs first Brexit" does not exist.We are a democratic socialist Party, we are pro-EU, on the biggest issue in a generation ordinary Labour people must be respected & given a meaningful say.  
The cake does not become self-replenishing just by adding red icing instead of blue. Superb dissection of the Labour leadership’s contradictory and unachieveable Brexit policy. Members and MPs must surely change this before it’s too late.  
By far the biggest impact UK could have on Russia would be to reverse Brexit, because (whether or not they influenced the vote) it is a massive geo-political win for Russia to hive of UK from EU.  
To be clear: the link you make is false. End of. But of course not only that: you also continue the spinning of the lie that there is a future for the many. Brexit, by default and definition, will create a future only for the few. 3/ 
Your position on Brexit and FoM is more appalling than that of the Tories. Tories are Tories. You are the leader of a party supposedly founded on principles of solidarity. But here we are ... shame on you for continuing your spinning of lies about immigration and its impact. 2/ 
But Britain is on the brink. Unlike Trump, Brexit is a permanent constitutional change. Unlike the US, our media - which includes broadcast aswell as print - is not fit for purpose. And we are much more lost than America 
Former Polish minister says more EU countries will vote OUT if Brexit is a success   
Does it feel that the sending of troops to Salisbury is over the top that it is just a Tory and Amber Rudd way of diverting attention from Brexit and trying to make Amber Rudd and Tories seem as if they know what they are doing?  Or am I just a cynical old tweeter. 
Here's what your #Food and #drink could cost under the various #Brexit scenarios (based on government’s own figures that they didn’t want to publish): 
Corbyn says his party would fight to "put jobs and living standards first" as the UK leaves the European UnionThis is just as much a cynical lie as anything peddled by Fox, Johnson & Davis. The only jobs first #Brexit is no Brexit. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
In May, Ireland will vote on a referendum to repeal the Eighth Amendment, which recognizes the equal right to life of the preborn child and her mother. We're urging the Irish people to stand strong and protect the most vulnerable.  
Corbyn wants a "new and strong" relationship with the single market.Well that's settled, red cake is better than blue cake! And for this fantasy cake Corbyn will rob Britons, especially the young, of EU Freedom of Movement. #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit 
Against aligning with the ToriesFor aligning with the ToriesFor the EU referendumAgainst the EU referendumAgainst large party donationsFor large party donationsAgainst increasing tuition feesFor increasing tuition feesArise Sir Nick of Hypocrisyshire.  
Liam Fox is dreaming: Brexit without political consequence is like prohibition without an underworld or a brewery without booze.  
Empire strikes back: why former colonies don't need Britain after Brexit | Griffith Review  
Anyway if you think reviews that say "it matters beyond just the movie's actual quality" are dumb, this is what they mean: movies by black women are treated as a referendum on whether black women are allowed to make movies. 
Prue Leith: > "We’re going down the Brexit road, so can we all just agree to make it work?"... How can someone be so unselfaware? #GBBO #BBCQT 
Support @UKLabour under @jeremycorbyn, and you not only support Brexit, but you're supporting his scapegoating of hard-working EU Nationals in The UK, as being the cause of poverty.When he said #ForTheMany, he may as well have said "For The British."#ABTV #Laboukipservatives 
NHS will be 'decimated' as Theresa May's £50bn Brexit gamble is revealed  via @YahooFinance 
Sturgeon accuses Corbyn of 'echoing Nigel Farage' after he attacks immigrationCorbyn is using a classic racist/bigot's line of argument - a few abuses being used to 'justify' a systematic removal of rights for all. #StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
EU Urges U.S. Not to Exempt UK from Steel Tariffs Ahead of Brexit  
No @johnredwood. Our nation has been punching above its weight. Now #Brexit politicians like you are dragging the country down, undermining Britain's strength and influence. We Remainers are the patriots fighting to save our country from your gang of wreckers.#StopBrexit 
5) sorry, but needs saying again.  Please watch and ask yourself how repeating Vote Leave themes on immigrants & EU "control" helps the fight against hard #Brexit in any way, shape or form?Why this speech, and not the speech on massive Brexit impacts? 
.@PrueLeith And there was life before the EUref.  When the lives of @The3Million & @BritishInEurope weren’t collateral in Brexit.  When peace in NIrld wasn’t threatened. When UK was welcoming.  When I didn’t get rape and death threats just because I am an EU citizen.  
This Is "Brexit Britain" Folks .. And then Brexiters wonder why they are labelled thick, ignorant or uneducated . #Brexit #Toxic 
Gove says straws (only) banned after Brexit (because the EU somehow prevents it).Scotland says straws banned next year.France says plastic picnicware banned by 2020.Vice-president of EU Commission says...#bbcaq 
3) if you read the post below there is only one possible course of action for any Labour leader who professes to care about his voters, and that is to fight to soften or stop #Brexit, and to tell the truth about its likely impacts 
Former Polish minister says more EU countries will vote OUT if Brexit is a success   
In summary, Corbyn wants UK to be outside EU but have a say in its trade policy, outside EU’s single mkt but have a say in its rules, full access & a range of opt-outs; he wants all benefits, new exemptions, no rethinking of Brexit. This isn’t jobs-first nor internationalist. 12. 
Why will Corbyn not oppose the huge political, economic, social, & security damage from Brexit & demand 2nd EU referendum? “As democratic socialists we respect the result of the referendum” – this in Scotland where 62% voted remain, in a UK where 52% now support remain. 11. 
"The UK has clearly become less attractive for many EU citizens." " Unable to vote on Brexit, many EU citizens are now voting with their feet." 
Ah! Here’s a handy comparison of British and EU democracy, made a few years ago by @captain_europeAny view on that, @garyyounge?#Brexit #Democracy 
I will be on Gardener’s Question Time answering questions such as: how do I grow the perfect border; what’s a good shade-giving plant for a south-facing border; why is Brexit such an absolute bollocks; and, when will it be Spring? 
Corbyn is a deluded as May on Brexit and does the dog-whistle on migrants.  #SadLabour 
19 is the average age of voters who came of age since the referendum. Young people vote remain!#TOTP#StopBrexit 
Your jobs are not being threatened by migrants and EU nationals, they're being threatened by the tax dodging cabal who engineered Brexit. Both major London parties have bought into this lying rhetoric and are pursuing a ludicrous closed border policy 
I'm sorry but every remainer who is still supporting Corbyn to fight Brexit is a fool. I supported him and voted for him at the last GE but I'm beginning to regret it, I thought he would oppose Brexit, he isn't and he wont. Brexit WILL happen if remainers don't wake up to this. 
Some facts:EU tariffs on US cars: 10%US tariffs on EU cars: 2.5%EU tariffs on Chinese steel: up to 73%US tariff on Chinese steel: Trump suggests 24%13,000 other EU tariffs.It's not Trump who started a trade war, Remainiacs, it's your beloved EU.We must exit CU #Brexit 
John said I saw antisemitism and left while Seamus said I didn’t but stayed when in fact I saw antisemitism and stayed. Our position is clear. At least compared to #Brexit.  
Richard Leonard likes to use the word “radical” on a regular basis to describe his vision for Scotland. But in reality, the most radical thing he could do is stand up to Corbyn and admit that Brexit is an act of economic self-harm. 
Where's the promised #Brexit boom?  
Our 12th #EUSuperHeroes nomination goes to @Femi_Sorry"an absolute hero for the anti #brexit cause who regularly demolishes #Farage on his LBC show. He's also a founder of @OFOCBrexit which gives a voice to young people"Go Femi!Nominate your hero:  
Why @JuliaHB1 was wrong to attack London GP over Brexit and NHS.  
Good to catch up with #Brighton #Hove member of Youth Parliament @VerrallEdwyn to discuss #VotesAt16 #PSHE #Brexit & much more @UKYP 
Breaking fucking news!Jeremy doesn't want to remain, there is no 'long game' here. The ball is in the back of the Brexit net. 
‘Much of the media – including the BBC – is helping the government make Brexit seem inevitable. Thankfully, there are plenty of places to find strong pro-European arguments – not least InFacts.’  
Just when you think it couldn’t get much worse you see Tweets suggesting Labour could negotiate a “good Brexit”PLEASE DO FUCK OFF  ( he says in full Brexity) 
Arch-Remainer Anna Soubry sides with Donald Tusk in HUGE anti-Brexit rant. [And to think this raving nutter has sworn allegiance to the Queen, whereas her true loyalties lie with the bullies & bureaucrats in Brussels]   
These People Just Can’t Learn!Still at Breaking Point: #EU Braces for Fresh Migrant Surge Thank God For President Trump! #Brexit #MigrationCrisis @Nigel_Farage… via @BreitbartNews 
*An advisory referendum won by gerrymandering #QuiteRight 
Self-styled Mr #Brexit takes aim at the UKTerrible news for the Brexiters: Trump has declared war on Brexit. The good news is that he has done so in time for us to reassess the value of the EU for our trade & security.#StopBrexit #FBPE @Andrew_Adonis  
Wait til you find out what Britain was up to for centuries prior to Brexit. You're in for a shock.  
Must Watch - The country's finally waking up to the Brexit con; we must hold those responsible to account every time they repeat their lies.....#BrexitShambles 
Walk out of brexit now. Sick and tired of the threats, demands and humiliation. Getting anything worth having from the EU is about as probable as Shariamay winning miss world. Go now. We can deal with whatever we have to and will be better for it at the end. 
somebody I trust has had meetings with UK MPs, mostly Remain. Says many "still deep in denial" over the hard Brexit that is coming. 'They seem genuine in their belief that EU is not serious and will cut the UK a bespoke deal. It's bizarre, they are on a different planet.' 
Corbyn’s euroscepticism on full display at the Scottish Labour conference.Not surprising though. He’s always been a eurosceptic. Unfortunately his euroscepticism is aiding the Tories in their quest to drive us off the Brexit cliff.#Brexit  
Jeremy Corbyn: If we are genuinely going to have a jobs first Brexit, that deal must be compatible with:• our plans to bring the Railways & Mail into full public ownership• transform energy markets• & end the privatisation of our public services.#ScotLab18 #Marr  
Lib Dems will oppose Brexit just like we opposed the Iraq War #LDConf 
British Broadcasting Corporation's Reporting Scotland piece on Brexit UK power grab summed up by BBC Scotland favourite & Scottish Fishermen’s Federation's Bertie Armstrong "When I hear about power grabs I just want to bang heads together and get on with it" 
You know when #Brexit is on the ropes when the UKs trade saviour slaps a huge tariff on UK steel and the Prime Minister gets into bed with a Tyrant who openly kills innocent men, women and children.#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
So fucking patriotic the flag carrier has got our flag upside down! No, I cannot and will not accept an ill advised, ill informed result of an advisory referendum as the will of the people. It was at best 37% of the electorate for fuck sake! It isn't my will, nor will it ever be. pic.twitter.com/TgJDATeMWM 
Jeremy Corbyn: "we would seek to negotiate a customs union with the EU after Brexit. To ensure that there are no tariffs with Europe.""But we are also clear that a UK customs union with the EU would need to ensure the UK has a say in future trade deals."#ScotLab18 #Marr #FBPE 
The latest of #TheresaMay ‘s  #Brexit blind allies : “mutual recognition” and “equivalence” of rules won’t work in #Britain ‘s interests: 
Scary & sad that so many in the Brexit debate use terminology that is reminiscent of one of the darkest period in European history. Objecting to it is not political correctness but showing basic awareness of history & demanding respect for other human beings 
What Brexit exodus? Bankers want to STAY in London, Frankfurt businesses admit  
Brexit gets silly. Analysis of Tusk speech and reactions in my latest blog post, just up:  
Tony Blair given prestigious US prize for democracy. Yet Blair is trying to overturn Brexit which was backed by 17.4m voters, biggest mandate in British history 
Corbyn is the biggest threat to stopping Brexit. A fraud of the highest order, more concerned with his ideology than the welfare of the poor and the futures of the young.  
Polish PM drops EU bombshell on Macron & Merkel's agenda"I heard just today 8 countries of north in Europe... now oppose domination of Franco-German dimension."Denmark, Estonia, Finland, Ireland, Latvia, Lithuania, Netherlands & Sweden.#Brexit #EU 
Can someone please tell Jeremy Corbyn to stop feeding into anti-immigrant sentiment? The many immigrants who've been targeted since the referendum would really appreciate it. Neo-liberalism undercuts wages and conditions, Mr. Corbyn, not immigration. Change your language.  
Corbyn said this today in his speech:"We cannot give in to Tory demands to cut Britain off or SNP demands to cut Scotland off from the rest of the world."Doesn't #Brexit boy Corbyn know that unlike anti-EU Labour the SNP want to keep Scotland joined to the rest of the world? 
Even if they decry experts and slander the civil service, this Brexit analysis is hard to ignore.  In a post-Brexit environment much more harsh than Tory austerity, we shudder to think how little prioritisation, science or the health service will receive.  
 Corbyn wants a Brexit deal to prevent companies importing “cheap agency labour" that undercuts “existing pay and conditions" We disagree. "Good socialists don’t tell workers their problems are caused by workers born somewhere else because it’s a lie" @Ross_Greer  
Protesters in Dublin, Ireland chant "Get your rosaries off our ovaries” ahead of expected referendum to lift country's constitutional ban on abortion.  
A week is a long time in politics. But after a long stasis, things are moving quickly. Today's @ScotNational column, seven days on in the Brexit Bill stramash.  
Highly academic note: the #8thRef bill published today is the first Government referendum bill in six years not to have a descriptor in its title in the way others had “(Marriage Equality)” or “(Age of Presidential Candidates)”. Wonder if it was because any title was too emotive? 
Protesters in Dublin, Ireland chant "Get your rosaries off our ovaries” ahead of expected referendum to lift country's constitutional ban on abortion.  
President Trump happy to exclude Britain from tariffs.Brussels not so happy!It's times like this when special relationships DO matter!Anyway, UK is on notice to Leave EU on 29th March 2019.So we shouldn't get involved in EU affairs...#Brexit #EU 
Is Ruth Davidson's time running out? 'fenced in on Brexit, isolated in Holyrood, left defending UK Govt policies with which she is visibly uncomfortable, struggling to find her voice as a credible First Minister, unsupported by a Tory group in Holyrood'  
The chemical industry faces jeopardy through multiple post-Brexit tariffs. risking 500,000 direct and indirect jobs, including scientists at all levels, engineers, and those in transport, sales and manufacture to say the least.  
we're thinking of restricting coverage of the campaign to mainly the last two weeks before referendum day. How would that suit @lstwrd @todayfm listeners? 
Shame about the UK Brexit team ! The Disgraced Former Defence Secretary - Fox  Duplicitous Dissembling Dilettante - Davis  BoJo The Clown - Johnson  
Another major voting-rights referendum in November? if the state Senate approves this as well, same-day voter registration will be on Maryland's November ballot!  
The freezing of Brexit negotiations because of the Irish border issue is great news for David Davis. It means that our workaholic Brexit secretary won't have to go through the pretence of actually doing something on three days a week for his six-figure salary.  
Read my response to the UK government's press statement regarding devolved powers following #Brexit 
Of course a no-deal #Brexit holds no terrors for Boris Johnson. He belongs to an elite who will profit from a Putin-pleasing crisis while everyone else pays the price of their greed & irresponsibility.  #BrexitBetraysBritain#StopBrexit #brexit 
WATCH: #Brexit must stop immigrants being used to undercut wages, @jeremycorbyn tells Scottish Labour conference #ScotLab18 More:  
Brilliant - Brexit ‘the undefined negotiated by the unprepared to get the unspecific for the uninformed.’ The antithesis of democracy & good government!  
LAB voter split today's YouGov Brexit tracker  
The integrity and judgement of this man is highly questionable.  It really does sum up this gvt. that this man has a key role in their catastrophic #Brexit negotiations.  
Fisking Gary Younge’s lazy critique of the EUNew blog post:@garyyounge I would be genuinely keen to hear your responses to each of these points#Brexit #Democracy 
LAB voter split YouGov Brexit trackerBrexit RIGHT 21%Brexit WRONG 71% 
The #powergrab is very damaging to the Union. It asks us to place our trust in those who have been shown by #Brexit to be least worthy of it. We are being asked to excuse each broken promise by believing the next. This is unsustainable. The contract is void. The Union is over. 
Lisa Nandy: The clock is ticking on Brexit and we need a rethink | LabourList  
Jeremy Corbyn should want a Brexit that works for the many, not the EU  
Good old fashioned politics this. I suggest an allotment plot for every family to grow survival food after Corbyn’s Brexit and an Anderson Shelter for his nuclear arms policy.  
After Brexit, UK govt wants to control 24 areas—genetically modified crops, fishing, farms; centralise in 12 areas—migrant access to welfare, state aid for key industries, data protection, energy labelling, internet security, radioactive materials 
"If we care about the intensification of the border in the wake of Brexit, we need to talk more about race + class and less about taxpaying, hardworking, blonde-haired, blue-eyed bankers who feel betrayed and offended"My long read blog for @VersoBooks 
I think you forgot to add ‘Despite #Brexit’ - never mind the BBC will do it for you - er no, they won’t be reporting good news like this.  
After 35 years, 3 amendments, the PLDPA, a citizens assembly, a committee and countless debates and articles, Mattie McGrath thinks we're rushing the referendum. #repealthe8th #8thref 
Funniest #Brexit joke of the year so far, or is it just us?   
There are approximately one million European Londoners and they are all part of the fabric of this city. That’s why I’m making it easier for EU citizens living in London to access online the information they need to stay in the UK after Brexit  
"Brexit is currently hurting the NHS, leaving it without the funding we and our patients desperately need." says Dr Richard Vautrey, the most senior GP in the UK.  10 years of excuses have left general practice facing a 'living nightmare'  
Just like the Tories a Labour Brexit is all about immigration. There is no evidence that free movement drives down wages. There’s lots of evidence that leaving the single market will be an economic disaster.  
Time for Irish bloggers and influencers to be called out on their referendum silence in this crucial closing stage. All they go on about is bodily care and respect so they need to start using their platform to secure fully bodily autonomy for those currently without it 
I think that's rubbish. And as a patriotic Brit who believes Brexit is contrary to our interests, I'd like my flag back please. 
This is why #brexit is toxic.  Pro-brexit MP goes on radio with remainer host @mrjamesob. Asked to explain potential things to be cheery about and doesnt give an actual answer. Is fact checked post interview and found to be wrong. Then attacks everyone who disagrees as remoaners 
The peace process, like everything else good about the UK, is considered by Brextremists to be worth sacrificing for their Brexit At Any Cost.  
Unbelievable. Also this “sign the Brexit papers” chant - never heard it before -  but have a search for how it’s used on here...  
Is it just me or does anyone else feel we should be taking to the streets over this #brexit power grab, the treacherous Scottish Tories, the lying Scottish Labour & the deplorably biased Scottish media, i mean greetin on SM just isn't cutting it guys... 
Here’s a thought then Pete. Pull the troops home from London, to work the constituencies...accept that the Scottish people are sovereign and we don’t need permission to call a referendum and ask the EU for a binding guarantee of immediate membership in our cessation from the UK.  
Schrodinger's Immigrant: simultaneously taking jobs from British people & being a drain on British taxpayers by claiming unemployment benefits!The joke is lost on anyone who voted for #Brexit  
Still puzzled why @scottishlabour &  @UKLabour don't yet see that opposition to the disaster that is looming with Brexit is the quickest & best way to get rid of this cruel, privatising, austerity mad Tory Government. 
Albion away with the fellas tomorrow, I'll be dishing up the wallops. Love this Granite Brexit fixture. Hoping for a nice clean sheet and to see some good blue passport tackles from Hard Brexit Harry Maguire. Up the city! 
A day in the life of Labour:Labour in Scotland can't spell the name of one of its Scottish founders.Labour boss bans a debate on Brexit.Labour says it's going to win a majority of seats in Scotland at the next election.Labour Party asks the people to give them a big idea. 
Tom, why is it a crime for politicians to co-operate? Especially as the fate of our children and grandchildren is at risk because of hard brexit. 
The woman who voted against her own party 43 times since 2005 has called John Major “a traitor” for his Brexit speech -  
Marvelous. We crash out of the EU and become a low tax, low regulation arms dealership. This is absolutely what was written on my referendum ballot. 
The EU has tried to stop us selling weapons to Saudi Arabia, because it violates the EU's Common Position on Arms Sales.Brexit means not only is there less to stop us facilitating crimes against humanity, but we'll be more desperate to.  
Arts & Culture exports up to £5.2bn! But, 84% of exports to outside of EU! Arts Council says it's "surprised" by just 16% exports to EU. A reminder that post-Brexit, we have massive cultural opportunity beyond the EU. @ace_national @dianembanks @artists4brexit 
Leaving the EU Will restore our fishing industry handed over to the EU Throwing 1000s Of fishermen on the dole 
“Parliament can stop Brexit; it has the right and the power to stop it, and indeed any sober reflection shows that it should be stopped as soon as possible.” - This is a MUST READ. 
Boris Johnson: "When I wrote an article referring to the gross sum of £350m per week which was on the side of a red bus during the referendum campaign, it now turns out that the actual gross figure by 2022 were we to stay in would be £438m a week. So we would need a bigger bus." 
Brexit Explained  Pic via > @gbktas 
What a ridiculous statement @PrueLeith. There was of course life before every disaster in this life; that doesn’t mean we shouldn’t try and stop the still avoidable disaster of Brexit!  
BloggedDispute settlement and the ECJ in the proposed Brexit withdrawal agreementMy analysis, annotations and amendments - including on @The3Million and @BritishInEurope rights -  pic.twitter.com/SvrjTqFBuL 
I feel quite sorry for those who claimed that #brexit was a demonstration of the will of the oppressed. That it was a strike back against tyranny, the salvation of sovereignty and generation of a new world order. They now sit in a house of sand, and the tide draws close. 
What Brexit exodus? Bankers want to STAY in London, Frankfurt businesses admit  
This is absolutely, utterly remarkable. If ever you wanted proof that power devolved is power retained, here it is in black and white from a UK government minister. #brexit #scotref 
After the publication of the Govt's secret Brexit impact analysis yesterday, one thing is now undeniable: the Prime Minister is knowingly pursuing a policy that will damage the economy, hurt businesses and mean less money for the NHS and public services. 
'Utter NONSENSE!' @JuliaHB1 RIPS APART deceitful Treacherous GP @DrSarahJarvis blaming Brexit for doctors' departure  
Brexit: Scotland and Wales face battle for fish and farm policy  
The European Parliament plays a crucial role in the ongoing Brexit negotiations. Watch our video to find out how:  
Brexit Explained  
Oh god... ‘no plausible alternative’....’no plausible economic analysis’....marked lack of evidence’.....’no evidence’ I get the distinct impression he thinks Brexit is the single worst, most badly executed and thoughtlessly destructive idea EVER. 
Brexit Explained  
The Brexiters who claim that Brexit will be worth it even if it makes them poor have clearly never been all that poor.It's not a fucking joke. It's not an exciting little adventure "like the war times, when everyone pulled together." It's goddamn stressful. 
Julia HB gets into a row with a GP over Brexit and NHS. Brexit is a disaster for the NHS and front-line staff know it. Julia's soundbite line about NHS staff is painful. The slight increase is due to non-clinical staff. Nurses & docs are declining. 
"DCU Students' Union supports the reunification of the island of Ireland and calls on the State to hold a national referendum on the question of such reunification"Total Number of votes: 1967In favour:  1494Against: 473Tá: 76%   Níl: 24%  
I think somebody needs to tell Corbaws that Scotland didn’t vote for Brexit or the Labour Party. We voted Remain and backed the SNP. 
That red line is the cost for Brexit.The pink one is the annual budget is for Wales.Oh. And Northern Ireland.  
Broken record I know but how the fuckety fuck are @UKLabour still in a three legged fucking race with the worst, most fucking nastiest & uncaring Tory party in livng fucking memory? Nothing to fucking choose between them right? Blue Brexit/Red Brexit - Brexit all the fucking same  
#Brexit provided a swift, if unwelcome, education for Britain’s 3m EU migrants about what rights they enjoy.Local elections taking place in parts of England in May will be their first chance since the Brexit vote to vent their feelings at the ballot box.  
The final nail in the They-need-us-more-than-we-need-them coffin. Time to bury Brexit  
Political Tribalism And Brexit  
All the best geniuses was branded crazy.. @realDonaldTrump is the president the U.S deserves and I so wish he was PM for Britain rather then the Mayboy @theresa_may .. he would rip the EU a new one and guarantee Brexit Britain is a success. So jealous of you U.S folks ! 
Mike Russell @Feorlean says list of powers published this morning is confirmation UKgov is pursuing a “major power grab and a re-writing of the devolution settlement” #brexit  
This is what #Brexit has become. RT if you too are #Disgusted. 
Even now, after all we know, Open Britain is STILL not calling for a stop to Brexit, merely campaigning a ‘soft’ Brexit. Indefensible  
“It's a disaster as Divorce Referendum turns around and simply runs off the track.”  
Ryanair now to issue tickets with a Brexit caveat.Brexit might actually cancel the holiday that you paid for and leave you with no refund or compensation.Has the country ever witnessed anything more farcical? 
Watch the Brextremists treasonous betrayal of the UK destroyed in 2 minutes by Ken Clarke...2 minutes to destroy, already it will take years to put right. #BrexitShambles 
Boris Johnson gave up citizenship of his country of birth, just to avoid tax.That pretty much sums up what #Brexit is all about. 
The BBC in Scotland have a small window of opportunity here to really expose this stuff honestly and widely, and perhaps regain some lost credibility.  The question is, do they have any autonomy to take that bold step or are they too far down the Brexit rabbit hole? 
Dear Mrs May @theresa_may, if ever there was a time to put the best interests of our country before petty party politics it is now. You cannot in all conscience continue to pursue this divisive and damaging Brexit. You must put your country first above all other loyalties.  
Preparedness continued: What impacts #Brexit has had and will have on the Germany economy. Take a look at a new study by @iw_koeln (in German only):  Study also contains advice for business to prepare. 
The EU is demanding the UK negotiates a deal for “EU citizens” yet we are leaving the European Union. Should the UK recognise EU citizenship or deal with EU member citizens bilaterally? #EU #Brexit 
Brexit is biggest mistake ever!  Gov won't be able to hide the consequences for ever but they will want to drag it out as long as possible so the hit is gradual, in that way people won't associate it with brexit or notice just how bad things are & can deflect the blame elsewhere!  
EU Demands £2.4 Billion Fine Ahead of Brexit Talks, Claims UK Can’t Control Borders   
It’s great that everyone has pulled this info together AFTER the vote, but why wasn’t any of this done BEFORE instead? Why weren’t the public given as much accurate information as possible? Do we think a 180 on Brexit is possible or even legal? Interested in others thoughts here. 
What would it be like if the health service could be prioritised like #abortion is? The speed at which @finegael are springing into action is breath- taking. €20 million on a referendum could be spent on resourcing the HSE @chiefnurseIRE or on the homeless crisis @SimonHarrisTD 
In space of 1 week, the UK PM has accepted that UK access to EU markets will be lessened; Chancellor admits that there will be "trade-offs", the EU Council guidelines notes there will be "negative economic consequences" + the leaked analysis backs-this up. #Brexit @Open_Britain 
This isn't just about #Brexit. There's an agenda here to dismantle the Scottish Parliament power by power until there's nothing left. 
#Brexit pits not Britain against EU27 but 'EU2' against the rest.Smaller nations are keen on a positive deal with Britain,but the Commission digs its heels because of the French and the Germans.Europe is starting to see that the EU is an Franco-German imperialist stitch-up!  
“Fighting against democracy” ?? - Hm. If you are not allowed to fight something, how is it then democratic? - The perfect illustration of the Brexit fanatic’s brain death.  
You snowflakes have no memory of history.  But can only self reflect in the gutter.  #MBGA #MAGA #Brexit  
N Korea coming to the negotiating table as a direct result of Trump's 'no appeasement'. Our Brexit negotiators should take note. 
I notice you never even reply to the people who don't use a hashtag but try and make a point about why Brexit will be disastrous for the country. Fingers in ears, head in sand + a we won attitude, won't make it all better. It is still destined to be an unmitigated shambles. 
Liam Fox has spent the last 2 years dreaming of negotiating an amazing trade deal with the US. Next week he will fly to Washington to beg the US govt to spare the UK from a US trade war. Every single reason for #brexit has been obliterated. Every one. 
The young generation will be hit by #Brexit for decades to come. We believe it’s not too late to stop it - here’s our 7-step guide on how you can join the fight to #StopBrexit 
Should we drop out of the EU without a deal, the consequences of #Brexit will be so bad that whatever Corbyn might do (and all the scare stories therein) will be something of a moot point. A No deal Brexit is knocking on the door of being a failed state. 
BBC Scotland News here pushing idea powergrab is simply about food labeling and will be a temporary arrangement. Lidington dusts off the old indyref project fear about higher prices - they went up anyway and will again with Brexit.  
If we crash out of the EU without a deal then a Corbyn government is a certainty. There is no question of retaining the Tories. A no deal #Brexit is pretty much the end of the Conservative Party in its current incarnation. 
 Looks like the @Daily_Express *slightly* misheard me. I said "I want to see a vision from both of the big parties in our country telling me why my life will be better outside of the EU and I’m absolutely not convinced at this time."Not "get behind Brexit".#bbcqt 
Gibraltar will veto parts of Brexit deal if its sovereignty is threatened  
#FridayFeeling Keep resisting Brexit peeps, it’s not a done deal and we have the right to a #FinalSay - #StopBrexit #sodem #backbritainnotbrexit Pro EU clothing from www.wordupdesign #wordupdesign #remainernow #waton @LeedsEurope @EUlvis 
The SNP said the Tories would grab all the powers coming back from the EUThe Tories said they would all come back to HolyroodThe SNP said Brexit would be a disaster for Scotland. The Tories said the opposite on both. Now they say differentThe message Is never trust a Tory 
#Brexit ~ What happened to #Remain's and #ProjectFear's recession? #Unemployment down, #productivity up. #Exports up. All at an inevitably testing time when the EU and its supporters are doing all they can to talk #Britain down. Thank God the majority voted to #Leave. 
Concessions on immigration in the Brexit negotiations? Surely not?  
Jeremy Corbyn should be working on a Brexit for the many, not the EU  
In Stage 1 Debate I pointed out to Donald & other Tories using extremist & inaccurate language that this did not help the process of trying to achieve agreement.  Disappointing that he still wants to put Tory party #Brexit politics in front of his constituents concerns & needs.  
MINISTERS are gearing up for a walkout from Brexit talks if Brussels continues to play hardball. A senior cabinet source has revealed the contingency strategy is “we will do things better than the EU and compete with them." About time too!  
This @LabourRichard interview on GMS is painful listening. Brexit, Aberdeen Labour and Hugh Gaffney - it's got them all and he's rubbish on each and every one.  #scotlab18 
Labour shadow Scots secretary at Scottish Labour conf calling for transparency on Brexit powers tug-of-war - demanding details of powers at stake. Maybe couldn’t be bothered re-writing speech? UK Gov published details at 9.30am 
As I’ve said all along. #Brexit inherently means MORE powers for the Scottish Parliament. This is being delivered. Sad but not surprising that the SNP want Brussels to retain control of every single one of these powers in a great power give away to the EU: 
.@IanBlackfordMP turns both barrels on #Brexit. #financialservices @NicolaSturgeon #Scotland #Edinburgh #HardBrexit 
Prue Leith's son just happens to be a director of Legatum, the seedy Disaster-Brexit think-tank.  
"Brexit Customs"THOSE RECENT LABOUR POLICY CHANGES, IN FULL.#StopBrexitThanks to @johnmcdonnellMP for providing the material:  
Julia Hartley-Brewer displays the abusive fascist thug attitude of so many right-wing Brexiters. The spirit of the Nazi brownshirts is alive and well on the Brexit right. #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit  
Beyond parody: Tony Blair given "democracy" award despite his work for dictators, strong support for the EU and efforts to reverse the referendum result  #Brexit 
Younger generation from @OFOCBrexit questioning #Brexit taking us in a direction to bring about change for everyone #makingthingshappen #OFOC 
We want to say a very heartfelt THANK YOU to all of you who marched for repeal on #IWD2018 yesterday. The energy was electric and it is very clear that we are READY to go head on into this referendum campaign and win a YES on May 25th!#repealthe8th #votesforrepeal 
You have a cheek @LiamFox - just take a look at @Scientists4EU and listen to @mikegalsworthy and you will see that you and the #Tories are wilfully taking action with #Brexit which will decimate British Science. #StopBrexit #BSW18 #Remain 
EU freezes talks until UK government figures out a solution to the Irish border crisis. So Brexit’s off then. 
With the EU freezing the Brexit talks, and the Government unable to come up with an answer for Northern Ireland, the absurdity of Corbyn's decision to rule out a 2nd ref becomes clear.#FBPE 
John Redwood: The Brexit Vision...The negotiating mandate put out by EU falls well short of a Good Deal for us & for them, as it seeks to tie us down in far too many ways without offering a good reason to accept their terms.#Brexit #EU 
C'mon folks, this is not a meaningless popularity poll, spread the word.Peter Murrell wrote:"Taking back control of Scotland’s powers, UKGov confirms plans for a power grab in 24 devolved areas post-Brexit." Help us stop them, sign our petition:  
I see Paul Mason has taken to this week's Spectator to complain that Remainers have objected to his injunction that we should "get behind" Corbyn's latest #Brexit fudge because there is no alternative. There is. Don't vote Brexit on 3 May. Lab must change.#abtv #waton #remain 
Is Brexit trashing your future? Here’s how to help stop it - please share with young and old (& inbetweeners!) @Harry_Styles @albawhitewolf @OFOCBrexit @nusuk @tes @YEM_UK @SarahMillican75 @NME @LittleMix @TOTPofficial #StopBrexit #FBPE #FBR @InFactsOrg 
REVEALED: MPs forced to debate SCRAPPING BREXIT as 100,000 Treacherous Remainers sign campaign  
 Brexit is under attack! "Regulatory alignment"? "Reciprocal access" to fishing waters? 'A' customs 'arrangement'? This reeks of a stitch up!If we want Brexit we will have to fight for it!Help us take on the Establishment, again! 
Plenty of time to go back to our differences AFTER Brexit is stopped, for now it is all about Brexit and stopping it.#StopBrexit #dontbrexitfixit 
Unelected, unaccountable EU Commissioner throws hissy fit that Mr Trump mayn't be showing the EU the respect she'd like to think she deserves.Brexit, Hungary, Italy, Trump....all this democracy is terrifying the Brussels BastardsViva Brexit! 
A Norway style Brexit hits economy for £40billion & a WTO Brexit hits economy for £120billion! Bear this in mind when discussing the DUPs £400m! #BrexitReality 
#honestpoll Do you think that the #EU is being fair with #britain over #brexit negotiations? Please leave a comment and #retweet :) 
In spite of what the Government claims, A50 notification 29 March 2017 is invalid. We are challenging its legality in the courts. If we are successful, the notification will be nullified and the Brexit decision will be back in the hands of Parliament --where it belongs. 
"It is a blatant power-grab disguised as a Brexit necessity, and it must be opposed at all costs." @steffanlewis 
Hence Brexit  
Powerful new film from @OFOCBrexit - young people overwhelmingly voted against #Brexit but will be most affected by it ....we need a People’s Vote on the final deal  
A welcome from @ProfTomkins for the new post-Brexit powers coming to Holyrood  
I have just listened to this interview with Leonard I am no Labour man however if I was I would be horrified that such an idiot managed to become leader he is thickmas mince.BTW Can anyone explain WTF is a ‘Jobs first Brexit’?What does it actually mean?  
>Well, well, well....experts now saying Brexit eventually could be an excellent decision for the UK........ 
“I despise the term ‘abortion on demand’. It is deeply offensive to women and mothers. Women do not flippantly demand abortions.” - @MaryLouMcDonald speaking on the Bill providing for a Referendum to repeal the Eighth Amendment. #RepealThe8th 
Those who criticise the EU for referendums like in Ireland in 2001 or Denmark in 1992. There were changes made and revised referendums were put to the people.Compare that to the Tories' blatant disregard of referendum results in Scotland in 1997 and Northern Ireland in 1998. 
Letter of the Day:  Brexit summed up in 13 words.  
Andrew Neil on Barnier's latest Brexit threat:"After a year of warning Brits they could not cherry pick, he proceeded to cherry pick with a gusto that matched Jack Cherry McCherrypicker the year he won cherry picker of the year competition!"#Brexit #EU 
Taking back control of Scotland’s powers, @GOVUK confirms plans for a power grab in 24 devolved areas post-Brexit. Help us stop them, sign our petition:  
On @BBCFarmingToday 6.30 Sat @BBCRadio4 we’re at Guiting Manor Farm with @FWAGSouthWest and @CCRI_UK to talk Agri-Environment schemes - one of the big issues for post #Brexit #farming 
So that’s good!In which I discuss @bbcdoctorwho @realDonaldTrump @UniofOxford  and #brexit pic.twitter.com/i2EtlP7C3d 
Nicola Sturgeon reminds us that "the campaign for a Scottish Parliament was, to a large extent, a reaction against a right-wing Tory economic and social experiment." #Brexit  
Christ, did Richard Leonard just slag another party off for having a variable Brexit position? 
Do you want to join the fight against a hard & destructive Brexit? Join the leading grassroots campaign today & apply for our Digital Officer position:  
#Brexit impact analysis: FTA scenario produces a £60bn a year hit to public finances, vastly greater than the £8.5bn net payment to the EU, a loss which would be shattering for welfare and public services.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Luxemboug PM nails Brexit so well it makes Robert Peston want to retire 
Dail just started the process of getting this referendum to @repealeight, beyond historic;, a change is gonna come! #repealthe8th 
BREXIT LOGIC: “If I insist on loudly shitting my pants in public, then I demand that everyone else around me shits their pants too. It’s only fair.” pic.twitter.com/x6EASeY7sV 
EU accuses UK of allowing Chinese criminal gangs to avoid £bn in customs duty/VAT on imports that should have been paid to Brussels..evidence that UK cannot be trusted to effectively enforce any ‘soft’ customs border after Brexit.  
For clarity. If Scotland's economy bombs, it's due to Westminster/Tories/Brexit. Independence is the answer. If it Flatlines same. If it's booming, how much better would we do if we were Independent? Independence is always the answer only the justification changes. NAT Logic. 
.@PrueLeith I want to stay in the EU as do my children. I will continue to fight for the benefits we receive as EU Citizens; I've had them all my life and so have my kids. I will not be "getting behind" Brexit madness and neither will millions of others. 
My word. The Brexit Broadcasting Corporation really doesn't hold back, does it.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Britain could leave the bloc without a Brexit deal 'and do things BETTER than the EU'  
Read below comment from @scotgov Brexit Minister @Feorlean on the UK Government list of devolved powers that intersect with EU law. 
When Britain goes into recession because of Brexit, it won't be the fault of "remoaners talking the country down" or the EU or immigrants. It will be fault of the Brexiters who voted for it. The next recession will be a self-made, self-harming one. 
Brexiters keep telling Remainers: “You lost. Get over it.”I’m not bloody well going to get over it. I happen to think that Brexit is the most calamitous act of political self harm in my lifetime. 
Corbyn should offer pro-Europeans hope, not more fears about #Brexit. Mary Kaldor from @Another_Europe writes today. 
Ireland Insist Brexit Negotiations Be Carried Out In Irish  
About to introduce the 36th Amendment to the Constitution Bill in the Dáil now to bring about a referendum to repeal the 8th Amendment 
@bbc @bbcquestiontime Why was @PrueLeith on Question Time spouting leave propaganda? Anything to do with her son @danny__kruger being a Legatum  senior fellow (Brexit disaster capitalist's) & ex @David_Cameron speech writer by any chance? 
The great thing about being old and rich...is one can talk bollocks about #Brexit and not worry about being affected by the consequences.  
Austerity was not caused by the EU, it is Tory govt policy. It has kept wages stagnant whilst food, fuel, clothes and housing costs have soared. It has starved the NHS, Emergency and Armed services.#Brexit won't fix it. It'll make everyone poorer. #Leavers you were lied to. 
With all the lay offs and redundancies coming RT if you think that the patriotic thing would be for the Brexit voters who brought this on themselves volunteered to be made redundant 1st 
The fight to stop Brexit goes on.  Our colleagues at Devon for Europe are organising a regional rally for the South West.  Click the #Eventbrite link below to book a seat on the coach to #Exeter  
This proves that the UK isn't a union. Unions, like the EU, agree trading between member states. In our precious precious "union" the biggest member tells the others what they're getting imposed on them by a government they didn't vote for.#brexit #powergrab 
Brexit is dead.Strangled to death by May's red lines.#FBPE 
It couldn't be clearer now that the referendum was crooked, and yet most of our MP's say they respect the result. It makes them look stupid, cowardly or crooked, which really should make them unelectable. The referendum is completely discredited and our MP's need to say so. 
"After a year of warning the Brits that they could not cherry pick, Barnier proceeded to cherry pick with a gusto that matched Jack Cherry McCherrypicker the year he won the cherry picker of the year competition." #Brexit  
Prue Leith - "I think there is no reason at all why we shouldn’t do good trade deals in or out of the EU, in fact, I think I’m about the only person who’s old enough here to remember that there was a life before we were in the EU." #Brexit  
The 36th Amendment to the Constitution Bill we be debated in the Dail today from 10.30am. Now is the time to contact your TDs and tell them you want them to support a referendum!  
You couldn’t make it up! The day the Irish government has chosen for the abortion referendum is the 25th May, which is International Missing Children’s Day.   
Thanks Nick. I'll soldier on pointing out the destructive and pointless nature of hard Brexit. I believe we are both on the right side of history and progress at a time when many of our beliefs in EU multilateralism and working together with our neighbours are severely challenged  
Here are the powers at the heart of the Brexit dispute between Scottish and UK ministers - UKgov papers released today says “more detailed discussion” needed over common frameworks pic.twitter.com/vQGTxj7Ms1 
This is a government that only allowed MPs to see #Brexit analysis after it was leaked and only by appointment, in a private room.  
Boris Johnson says a no-deal Brexit 'doesn't hold terrors' for him, hours after government publishes its estimates that it would cost 8% of UK GDP  
If Theresa May wants real 'full spectrum retaliation' against Moscow, then she should cancel #Brexit. That would deprive Putin of the massive victory Brexit is already giving him in his hybrid war against the EU & Western democracy. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Ryanair backtracks on threat to ground flights after Brexit... Merely confirming what we already knew, that O'Leary is an attention seeking loudmouth  via @CityAM 
UK govt publishing where it thinks powers should go after Brexit. Says it wants to hold on to 24 in devolved areas to protect UK market; including food labelling, food safety, animal health and chemical regulation. Says vast majority will go to Edinburgh. 
A favourite #follow is @FlatEarthOrg, which at a stroke allows me to assess the rationality of the rest of my timeline.Often @FlatEarthOrg's tweets are disconcertingly more plausible than, say, official statements on Brexit. 
Days After Threatening to Punish Brexit Voters by Grounding Holiday Flights, Ryanair Changes Tune  
Hang on a minute, I thought we were the ones that always obeyed the rules! How are we going to cope with all the extra work that being an isolated country post #Brexit brings if we can’t manage VAT/Customs checks now?  
To legislate wisely and to grow our prosperity - that is why I voted for Brexit.That is why many of the 17.4 million voted for Brexit and that is why those who voted Remain will be winners too from this course once we are at last out of the EU. 
Letters: Our Brexit negotiators must not betray the fishing community  
just because some on the left happen not to agree with something doesn't make it 'ultra right' by default, just like #Brexit isn't ultra right but 'working-class'. You can't tell me that having genuine immigration concerns is ultra right no matter how hard some may protest. 
A cheer for Tory MEP @CharlesTannock who has fought from day one to stop the lunacy of #Brexit. A courageous voice of sanity & good sense in a Tory party gone mad. He's got 10.9k followers, let's get him to 20k fast!#StopBrexit #FBPE #BrexitPlease RT 
This govt have a habit of paying clever & timely gymnastics with words & language to avoid legal accountability. David Davis & his invisible Brexit impact reports/ studies is a good example of this. 
Clueless Boris Johnson says a no-deal Brexit 'doesn't hold terrors' for him hours after government estimates it could cost 8% of UK GDP#StopBrexit #FBPE 
EU accused of ‘gangster’ behavior as it halts #Brexit talks over border issue  
Despite her speech last week, @theresa_may is still a long way away from agreeing any deal with the EU. Now it is obvious that the hard Brexiters and those that voted out won’t get their preferred #Brexit, she must grant the public a vote on the deal.  
For daring to tell the truth, that because of Brexit and @theresa_may own red lines, they can't schedule flights post Brexit, airlines are accused of going against the pill of the weople by Brexiters.Nothing will ever be the fault of Brexit for them. 
Since it is now clear that trade lost through #Brexit will nullify any dividend, it is equally clear that any #UK government with the country's economic interests at heart would try to persuade their electorate to reverse its position (as IRL & Denmk did). 
‘UBS informs staff about Brexit relocation plans in memo’Seems that Hammond’s Brexit optimism isn’t infecting The City.  
Fed up with me banging on about Brexit on Twitter? Well, now you can hear me banging on about Brexit on the wonderful Remainiacs podcast.  
Two serious questions for @UKLabour following release of Brexit #impactassessment. On what basis do you now say you support a Brexit "for the many"? On what basis now do you not support #FinalSayForAll? 
Richard Leonard peeled like a ripe satsuma on #bbcgmsOur members are free to vote on what we decide Economically devastating ‘Jobs First’ Brexit Leaving EU means leaving single marketAdmitting you’re racist means you’re not racistand other contradictions. Hopeless.  
Brexit is a government cover up for other issues, business chief warns  
Trumps threat of trade tariffs being fought on our behalf by EU. Imagine post Brexit. We will have no voice, no power, no support. 
This election will be a referendum on renewable energy.The Liberals want to scrap our Renewable Energy Target – sending us backwards.In contrast, Labor is delivering more #renewables - because more #renewableenergy means cheaper power and more SA jobs. 
This legal case could hand British people the right to remain EU citizens after #Brexit@JolyonMaugham believes the case, which has been brought by 5 British nationals who live in Netherlands, could be the most important of its kind for over 50 years. 
And you can see why the government wanted to keep them hidden: every form of #brexit has costs, complications & problems that we were never told about!  
Two thirds disapprove of government’s handling of #brexit   It’s indeed heading for disaster and should be stopped!  
This legal case being crowdfunded by @JolyonMaugham could allow British people to remain EU citizens after Brexit.  
Nice one. It’s been days since we had a good ole UNIONIST FURY. Helps us move on from the council sponsorships, Brexit donations, RHI, and lies about draft agreements. 
Andrew Neil ridicules the EU’s absurd hypocrisy on “cherry picking” in Brexit negotiations and takes a swipe at credulous Remoaner journalists.  
EU freezes Brexit talks until Britain produces Irish border solution  
The truth is out there, #Brexit won't work for the majority, it simply appeases the few. It will cause untold damage to the economy & jobs, the government has published the figures to show it.Let's start calling it what it is. It's a #BrexitCrisis#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
What the heck is a jobs first Brexit? When every analysis tells us Brexit is a job destroyer. #LabourFail 
When will brexiters get the message? Remainers are not going to get on board your stupid train to nowhere just because you tell us to.  We need evidence that #brexit is the right thing to do.  In 20 months, we’ve not been given 1 single benefit. 0.  
Brexit is messing with your future, your country, your kids and your career.Young people voted against Brexit, and even if you voted Leave, you didn't vote for this mess.It's Our Future; let's make it Our Choice! So.. #OFOC Brexit!! Join us!  
I was born in the UK to immigrant parents. I am British of Armenian descent. #Brexit has empowered and emboldened xenophobic idiots to tell me to "go home" or "piss off to Europe" if I like it so much. #Brexit has poisoned the country I was born in. #BrexitIsPersonal #StopBrexit 
Oh no. This is a catastrophic mistake. Defra is moving Countryside Stewardship from Natural England to the RPA. RPA win a big battle in the Brexit turf war. Natural England future is now seriously threatened.  
They said it was Project fear when we warned about this in the Ref. Here is the reality of creating an external border with the EU. Demand a vote on the deal from your MP, #Brexit is madness and can be stopped.  
‘A state of civil war spells a suspension of progress, and a relapse into the abuses of the past’ (Hanbury). We are in a virtual such state because of Brexit: the informed -v- the junta. 
Chuka, hate to break this to you mate, but I think you may have been hacked before. There’s been some right gibberish posted about Brexit.  
Come on Remainers, we can do better than 10k followers for a tireless pro-EU campaigner and exposer of Brexit myths representing the UK in the EP.Stopping Brexit unites us way more than party allegiances divide us. It has to, or we'll fail.  
So much for post-Brexit Britain being ‘first in line’ for a trade deal with Trump! Instead, British Steelworkers are first in the firing line  
A post-Brexit customs union is "almost inevitable" and Britain's government should face up to that now, @johnmcdonnellMP says  
New episode up with special guest @davidschneider! The Alan Partridge/Day Today legend of comedy joins @IanDunt @pimlicat & @Dorianlynskey for this week’s head-in-hands Brexit therapy session:  
A top EU figure has told Britain there must be an "Ireland first" approach to the Brexit talks, dismissing suggestions the contentious issue can be put off until later in the negotiations   
"IRISH BORDER SOLVED LONG AGO BY HMRC" Watch VIDEO and read our #Brexit analysis of superb evidence from HMRC boss:  
.@faisalislam writes that it's "easy to see why Government wanted to keep Brexit analysis secret"  
Brexit is a miscarriage of electoral justice: why shouldn’t we appeal?  
As farmers we knew we knew this would happen. Farmers, fishermen and the disgruntled were used by Vote Leave and now they’re being spat out. Brexit was never about making things fairer ..... it’s about stopping the EU making things fairer.  
So they lie to us, cheat us, ignore us and conspire to take away our rights.  Then they tell us to "come together" and "get behind #Brexit."  Sorry, but no.#StopBrexit #DavidDavis #Remain #Brexitshambles #EU #FBPE #ABTV #WATON #rEUnion 
."The road to Brexit series of speeches is done.The road to Brexit is NOT much clearer. And it is frankly terrifying that wishful thinking is the BEST they have to offer.". by @campbellclaret in @TheNewEuropean 
Brexit WALKOUT: No deal on the cards as UK ministers left fed up with stubborn EU  
Brexit defined  
The upcoming local elections are a great opportunity to show your opposition to the @conservatives destructive and economically catastrophic hard #Brexit plans, putting internal party politics over the national interest. I’m backing @suttonLibDems, putting Sutton first. 
Euroclear, the financial clearing house, has confirmed its' residency from the UK to Brussels because of Brexit. Research shows that forcing clearing out of the City will result in up to 83,000 job losses in London over the next 7 years. #BrexitShambles #StopBrexit #r4today 
The will of the people means something different today than it did on 23 June 2016. If May really expects us to believe she is proceeding with Brexit because it's what the public want, wouldn't it be a good idea to double-check with them first? #finalsay 
.Brexit "still remains a slightly comic spectacle.Here is the frightening thing, though; that where genuinely grim, violent & authoritarian forces emerge in history, they very often come with this strange double aspect of absurdity & terror.". 
all the false promises and lies by Brexiteers will gradually be exposed as hard Brexit day approaches. Far from this mythical independence by championed by British exceptionalists it will mean a weaker UK economy and more isolation  
Lost trade will nullify Brexit dividend, UK government admits @EURACTIV  By @BenFox83 
Even in the worst case, Trump will be gone after 8 years. Brexit is permanent. 
This is the problem with #Brexit. It has legitimised overt racism and xenophobia.What has the UK come to under the current administration. May is in danger of leading the UK down a very dark alley.  
Sounds like you are. Desperately sad and a window into your callous mind.  Yes people are dying in the streets, and in their homes, in hospitals, because of tory doctrine and brexit idiocy, utter blinkered indoctrinated conditioned idiocy.  You need to wake up, open your eyes 
"Only the EU's watertight financial regulation over UK's Financial Services industry would be acceptable post-Brexit"In no doubt unrelated news, €10bn of "frozen" Libyan state assets has vanished from a Belgian bank. 
Gove says straws (only) banned after Brexit (because the EU somehow prevents it).Scotland says straws banned next year.France says plastic picnicware banned by 2020.Vice-president of EU Commission says...#r4today 
Easy to see why Government wanted to keep Brexit analysis secret  What else are they trying to keep secret? 
The EU has thrown down an ultimatum to Theresa May in Brexit talks, warning that it will not open discussions about trade or other issues until the Irish border question is solved.  
Best Brexit definition, in a reader's letter to the Irish Times: "Brexit: the undefined negotiated by the unprepared to get the unspecified for the uninformed."  
thrilled that my number of followers this week has gone over 10k which for a Remain Tory MEP is a very respectable figure. I'll remain very active on Twittter for my last year in office mainly commenting on Brexit related matters, Thank you to all those who RT my tweets and reply 
The head of the port of Calais has said that tailbacks could be 30 miles long in all directions leading to potential food shortages in Britain - if a Brexit deal involves mandatory customs &  sanitary checks at the French ferry terminal. #BrexitShambles #StopBrexit #r4today 
Brexit will expose the EU’s democratic deficit | Gary Younge  
You asked on #bbcqt why we can't all get behind #Brexit:Younger generations don't want it so it will be reversed sooner or later. Recent Govt report said it will make us poorer.Only the very rich will benefit from escaping EU tax avoidence law that Brexit is really all about. 
Pure Leith is arguing that is ok for brexitiers to fight a referendum result for 40 years and thus against the will of the people. But when the role is reserved that is not ok. Pure should realise that the referendum was ADVISORY. Also it is our democratic right to protest 
The papers that have helped push the Russian agenda of Brexit onto Britain rushing to pretend they care about heroism.And a particularly stupid, cowardly threat to boycott the World Cup. Given our world cup teams are swiftly defeated overpaid millionaires, Russia must be scared  
And it shows Brexit will make us poorer. Much poorer. #nodownsidesonlyupsides 
That's a NO from us Prue.Together we are campaigning to #StopBrexit to save the UK from Brexit self-harm.  
So let me get this right. Inflation is 3%. Over 3 years prices will rise by 9.2% compound (maybe more w/ Brexit). And we are to believe 6.5% pay rise is generous? Plus loss of day leave = -0.4% pay Good thing ministers not calculating drug dosages! 
Brexit 'will make UK poorer over 15 years in all possible scenarios'  
Prue Leith: We’re going down the Brexit road, so can we all just agree to make it work?In other news, we’re flying off the Brexit cliff, so can we all just agree to sprout wings? #bbcqt 
Steve nails it on Liam Fox & his hypocritical idiocy, whose repeated bleats of ‘let’s be sensible’ are so ironic it’s way off the irony register. Brexit is the antithesis of ‘sensible’, you deluded lunatic  
TL:DR. UKGov has ballsed this up on a gargantuan level. At every stage it has got it as wrong as it could. This insulting, patronising, and hypocritical stuff will only make it yet worse.We are screwed. Brexit needs to be put out of its misery and stopped.20/20 
“...and patience..”UKGov had no policy on what it wanted from Brexit for nearly a year after invoking Art50, and still has no viable policy on key issues. There’s now 6 months to agree an exit treaty.I think there’s been a lot of patience shown already! 16/ 
“...in ensuring that our [UK & EU27] citizens get the best price that they can...”The fake solidarity card again. We’re all in it together for the common good. No, we aren’t. Brexit was a unilateral UK decision that will cost EU27 (although not as much as it will cost UK) 12/ 
“We want to partner with our fellow Member States”.UK is partnered with its fellow Member States. Brexit however means that it will no longer have any fellow Member States. UKGov does not get to play the solidarity card at this stage I’m afraid. 9/ 
This paper hints at my own theory that Brexit was caused at least in part by the Great British Bake Off and an elevation  of nostalgic narratives:  
A disastrous night for the BREXIT Tories. They won NADA and lost SIX council seats. Ouch! Harlow - Labour HOLDDacorum - LibDem GAINEast Hampshire - IND GAINNottingham - Labour GAINBolton - First GAIN from LabourMedway - Labour GAINRutland - IND GAINTameside - Labour HOLD  
So Brexit is not only political, but anti-economics. 5/ 
Brexiters have attacked economics and economists at every turn, and, when even they could not sustain the untruth that Brexit will be economically beneficial, turned to the argument that the costs will be worth it to take back control. 4/ 
EU freezes Brexit talks until Britain produces Irish border solution - The IndependentWhat will PM May’s response be?  
I’ll ask you this:If Brexit gets stopped, and Britain continues its EU membership, is there a genuine belief that everything will go back to as before and this country will be able to completely ignore the Russia issue altogether while the rest of the world deals with it? 
When the biggest, ugliest boy in  school starts getting mouthy and shoving everyone around, is that the wisest time to tell your 27 best friends to fuck off? I don’t think so.  #brexit #trade #trump #tradewar 
Prue Leith's QT recipe -Take 1 country, divide itAdd an unnecessary referendum and stir wellMix in a pinch of bigotry and a large tablespoon of arroganceCover with ineptitude and leave to stand for 2 yearsCut into uneven slices and eat in front of homeless #bbcqt 
Great #Brexit summary from the Prime Minister of Luxembourg... (“They” being the UK)  
A referendum of the Commies, for the Commies and by the Commies.  
Brexit will not work for the working class. It will work for the billionaires and the tax dodgers. I will not support any party that enables it as Corbyn has done. Without the EU cities like Hull will decline further.  
Frankie Boyle onstage."I haven't really done gigs in Scotland since the referendum. So all I know is that 55% of you are probaly c--ts" 
Complete and utter raving lunatic  Boris Johnson claims no deal Brexit should not hold any 'terrors' for Britain because UK would 'do very well' under WTO rules - The Telegraph  
"There was a life before we were in the EU"@PrueLeith says that people must stop fighting over the result of the referendum result #bbcqt 
Liam Fox (Disgraced Former Defence Sec. now #Brexit Trade Minister)#bbcqtEvery time you speak Liam - a #Brexiteer regrets voting* leave* ! 
No Deal - Let's Walk Away as UK fed up with stubborn #EU'Reports from European Parliament is German industry is beginning to PANIC [UK] may end up walking away & go for World Trade Organisation rules due to hard stance taken by Tusk & Barnier'#Brexit 
Brexit takes away our rights to live, love, travel, work and retire freely across Europe. Good thread on why #BrexitIsPersonal. 
No Deal as UK Ministers fed up with stubborn #EU'We have taken polite approach & tried to be reasonable but in the end we have the means to compete & outdo EU.We are world’s 5th largest economy, speak language of business & great universities'#Brexit 
Any need world markets have for a Singapore is currently fulfilled by - hands up, now - that’s right: Singapore. The idea that there’s somehow a huge gap in the market for another Singapore - a slow, inefficient, inexperienced Singapore - is maybe the most pernicious Brexit lie.  
Brexit Explained #BBCQT 
Millionaire Prue Leith voted for Brexit? And her son used to be Cameron's speechwriter.  It's all fitting into place. Elites love to have their cake & eat it #bbcqt 
Stupid, ignorant woman. There was a life before the EU?...The standard of living has never been better than it is today. No one wants to go back to 1970’s standards. Shame on her for voting to destroy the opportunities of the youth. They are the future! Not her. #brexit 
Some facts for #bbcqtUS tariffs on EU cars - 2.5%EU tariffs on US cars - 10%Trump's proposed tariff on Chinese steel- 24%EU tariff on Chinese steel - up to 73%If there is a trade war, Trump didn't start it, the EU did.Brexit means we're well placed to make a killing.  
.@LiamFox reminding us and @laurapidcockmp that the @UKLabour Party voted against the #Brexit bill.#BBCQT pic.twitter.com/Wn3Bxb8Syz 
BREAKING: Australian Foreign Minister, Julie Bishop has announced Kylie Minogue will spearhead Australia's post-BREXIT trade negotiations with UK, and Keith Urban will lead renegotiation of the ANZUS alliance. #auspol 
#bbcqt53 YouGov polls since June 2016 show that the UK public have already changed their minds about #brexit.Since August 2017 the MAJORITY think that the UK was WRONG to vote to leave the EU.Brexit is no longer the will of the people.The majority will demand a #FinalSay. 
I’m long convinced that people who believe they are proper Leftists, whilst campaigning to overturn the EU Referendum result, are either Trustafarians going through a “poor people phase”, or have an IQ under 70. The EU has not helped the British working class one iota. #bbcqt 
#Brexit is the most severe act of cultural, political, social and economic vandalism since the second world war. If Prue Leith thinks that we who believe in the E.U. are simply going to give up the fight she has absolutely no idea how furious we are. #bbcqt 
BBCQ.  Audience Member: I wish Tory and Labour would come together on Brexit for the country's sake.MY WISH IS THAT SCOTLAND'S, WALES & NI VOICES WERE LISTENED TO BY THE BAMPOTS IN WESTMINSTER. 
.@GeorgeThePoet says it is important that the UK has an understanding of its relationships with other countries post-Brexit #bbcqt 
'The greatest protection you can have is to be in a #TradeUnion'. @LauraPidcockMP points out the danger to workers' rights of Tory hard-right ideology post-#Brexit #bbcqt 
France is currently cutting workers rights. All this "BrExit is a threat to workers rights" is socialist clap trap. #BBCQT 
.@LiamFox celebrating the huge benefits of free trade - it has now lifted over a billion people out of poverty since 1990Now, after #Brexit, Britain can help drive this forward across the world#bbcqt 
"There was a life before we were in the EU"@PrueLeith says that people must stop fighting over the result of the referendum result #bbcqt 
#BBCQT Pru Leith said we should all rally round and pull together to make Brexit work.  How brilliant.  Perhaps if we all start flapping our arms we could fly too. 
So Pru Leith voted for Brexit. Shame, I really enjoyed using your cookbook but it's now going in the bin.#bbcqt 
PRUE LEITH VOTED FOR BREXIT.#bbcqt 
"You can't out-nice Mr Putin", says Brexshitter Liam Fox. Putin backed Brexit and wants to break the EU. They are on the same side. #bbcqt 
Days After Threatening to Punish Brexit Voters by Grounding Holiday Flights, Ryanair Changes Tune  
If I decide to cancel my gym membership but then ask the gym if I can still have all the benefits I had as a member, & they refuse, that's not them 'punishing me' - it's reality, them protecting their interests & treating me like every other non-member#Brexit #BrexitReality 
When an adult asks me what I do in my spare time to relax, “campaigning for political causes” always sounds so much better than “tweeting funny insults about Brexit voters and perfecting my gif game.” 
Leave referendum message: saying we'll be poorer is Project Fear17.4m vote Leave.Leave message now: lol who the heck needs money  
If this is true, it isn't good enough. Brexit is the most important issue to face the country in our lifetimes and Labour members continue to be denied a meaningful say.We understood you would correct this @Keir_Starmer, please make it so. 
It’s informative to observe the respect Ireland enjoys within the #EU & to contrast it with the disrespect Scotland endures within the UK. We should remember this when Scotland comes to choose which union might serve it best #brexit #ScotlandsPlaceInEurope 
Most interesting thing I heard today:a major Brexit donor saying he’d organised massively enhanced security for himself & family this Autumn 
Dear @theresa_mayYou and your cronies told us that doing the Brexit deal would be a doddle but you’ve  turned it into a nightmare. Do the decent thing, resign, call that general election and let Labour negotiate a deal that works for the UK.Yours,John 
How often in history have Governments screwed up people's lives?   Brexit is just another example of when the people are made to pay the price of politicians' hubris, pride and irresponsibility. Re-tweet these stories; they represent a fraction of the real cost.  #Brexithurts 
Winner of this year’s Brexit in a nutshell award goes to Luxembourg  
In 1940 Labour spoke for the nation, refusing to go into a coalition with Chamberlain at the helm & paving the way for Churchill. Arguably that act of patriotic opposition saved our country!Where is Labour now when the country is staring down the alt-right #Brexit gunbarrel? 
The best summation yet of #Brexit.Thank you to the Irish Times reader who composed.#Newsnight 
This is just to sayI am the softened borderin Irelandthat youwere goingto hardenfor BrexitForgive mebut noI’m too lovelyand cool 
There was once was a room full of gammon,All riding that racist bandwagon,They voted Brexit,Then realised they’re thick,Their cheeks all the colour of salmon.#WriteAPoemAboutBBCQT 
EU freezes Brexit talks until Britain produces Irish border solution THIS IS MASSIVE !! 
We paid @johnmcdonnellMP a visit this evening. A little reminder that his constituents do not support Brexit. #FBPE #waton 
Brexit WALKOUT: No deal on the cards as UK ministers left fed up with stubborn EU  
Boris Johnson claims no deal Brexit should not hold any 'terrors' for Britain because UK would 'do very well' under WTO rules   
Not sure this question would be asked of a male prime minister, certainly not in this format. What's the equivalent? What would you get up to, Prime Minister, if you could just go out on the lash with the lads? She's running the country, negotiating Brexit, fighting terrorism FGS  
It has to be said, Tusk’s performance in handling the universal nightmare that is Brexit has so far been superb. Deeply impressive as @eucopresident. Pure class. 
Why are Remainer groups writing tweets, inferring that Corbyn's stance on Brexit can be changed?Corbyn's mind WON'T change......But Remainers who previously voted Labour CAN change THEIR OWN minds, when they next vote.If you're pro-Labour, you're anti-Remainer.#ABTV 
As I've been saying on Brexit for the past year:-  No new deal in place by time UK leaves in 2019- Transition means UK remains rule-taker- Transition likely to be extended beyond 2020 ( which also means no implantation of new FTAs)- EU will offer Canada-style FTA  
Arlene Foster, in her mind, still thinks she's First Minister, of an electorate 56% of whom rejected her Brexit proposal. Funny if it weren't so disastrous.  
Just done a 2 hour faux "Question Time"  at Leicester Grammar School.I felt the panel was slightly biased in favour of #Brexit (in true #BBCQT style)I was the only one advocating #StopBrexit The Guy from the TPA was infuriating Great questions from the kids though! pic.twitter.com/oduvkzyIlP 
Hot on the heels of the release of that oh-so-sunny Brexit #impactassessment, a new spanner in the ‘going solo’ works. #BrexitReality #tradewars 
All the evidence, all logic, all attachment to progressive values, co-operation and peace, all good human sense, jointly say: stop Brexit. 
Like I said to Sky in anither tweet, you should see the final few pages that the Brexit committee voted to keep hidden. 
Looks like for UK airlines to retain full rights to fly in, out and within EU they will need 51% of their ownership in the EU.But to retain same rights re US they will need 51% owned in UK.So ... Brexit requires airlines make 100 = 102.   
Yawn. Secret report. Like the public statements before the referendum that unemployment would rise and Godzilla would walk through London immediately after a Leave vote victory. Change the record please, you're embarrassing yourselves.  
The awful personal cost of Brexit. I just don't believe that any but a minuscule minority of people really voted to have people's lives ruined. I refuse to believe that the overwhelming majority of people are not decent and don't care.  
Boris Johnson wowed @Telegraph subscribers tonight with his vision for Brexit. Leaving the EU without a deal holds "no terrors" for him, he said. Listen to the highlights on Chopper's Brexit Podcast tomorrow morning from 6am on the @Telegraph's website. 
It is appalling that our Government (along with the Labour leadership) is too cowed and cowardly to warn voters that Brexit sets us on a path of self-destruction.  
He left in January 2017. We are getting divorced. #Brexit is very personal for me." #BrexitIsPersonal 
I reckon there should be a capacity and competency test for all MPs and their cronies . These Brexit cult members are obviously losing touch with reality 
Hey, let’s do something 48% of voters didn’t want and which isn’t remotely like what 52% were promised #Brexit 
Boris Johnson reportedly tonight said there will be “very, very minimal” controls on the Irish border as a result of Brexit. This is a direct contravening of the government’s policy of no physical infrastructure, regardless of how “minimal” it is. 
Boris Johnson claims no deal Brexit should not hold any 'terrors' for Britain because UK would 'do very well' under WTO rules   
Can someone tell me who will be better off after #Brexit? And just as Russia threats are rising, we walk away from the rest of Europe to go it alone 
Lovely to see @guyverhofstadt's cover image reflecting that many of us in the #UK support being in the #EU. #Brexit may be the will of some of the British people, not all of us & not enough to lose our #EUCitizens rights & suffer the consequences of a Brexit that nobody voted for  
You'd be forgiven for thinking the London Tories actually WANT an early independence referendum -  #ScotRef #ContinuityBill 
- I want a unicorn.- Unicorns don’t exist.- I know that. So I’m asking for a *bespoke* unicorn.[Yes this tweet is about #Brexit] 
Of course it is. When Trump says "America First", he MEANS "America First"! Enough is enough. Time for Gov't to put UK first. They MUST rethink Brexit & Renew Britain instead! #RenewBritain 
Only The #LibDems have the spine to do what is needed to save The Country from The Brexit Catastrophe, support them and a Public Vote on the Outcome of Brexit.#ExitFromBrexit #bbcqt #FBPE 
I live less than 20 miles from the Irish border. I lived through the troubles, and believe me there isn't one person in NI who wasn't negatively affected by the them no matter political persuasion. To think Brexit could bring a return of those times disgusts me #BrexitisPersonal 
Astonishing that parliament voted through Article 50 before seeing these reports showing UK worse off under every scenario. In the sane world, you look at the evidence then make a decision. In the Brexit world, it's the other way round. #FinalSay #NotWorthIt #StopBrexit 
The moment a Brexit-backing Tory MP called James O’Brien in an attempt to explain the benefits of leaving the EU  
I’m British living and working in an EU country that doesn’t recognize dual nationality. I studied EU law and I still don’t know all the consequences brexit can and will have on my life #BrexitIsPersonal 
EU’s demand for £2.4bn of customs duties on imports of shoes & textiles is reminder: 1.) how damaging & expensive the EU Customs Union is 2.) that post Brexit we don’t have to pay Brussels for goods entering the UK (less 20% handling fee) 3.) We will no longer be subject to ECJ 
Macron plots to snatch Indian business from Britain after Brexit in EU charm offensive. How can France negotiate Trade Deals, & we cant?  
Brexit Boom: British Exports Strongest Since 2010, Defying Pre-Referendum Recession Threats   
Ireland's government approves abortion referendum bill  
No, Brexit won't make me richer. I'm an MEP. But it will make Britain richer.  
Curious lack of UK media coverage on policy of right-wing bloc which did so well in Italian elections to create, in effect, a parallel currency via perpetual Treasury notes. May sound technical but far bigger problem for EuroZone than Brexit. 
At #InternationalWomenDay2018 #IWC2018 event in #Wakefield , @MaryCreaghMP speech mentioning that #brexit not turning out to be what was promised receives rapturous applause  
UK Labour Party.It's been a long time since they represented the Working Class, but to conspire against the UK over #Brexit negotiations?There is only one name for that.#Traitors. 
I’m scared to death of Brexit. Some days I can’t think straight. Why are we doing this? It’s not a joke. 
The thing is if America is able to dump #DonaldTrump & we're able to stop Brexit our societies after them will be like a city battered by a Hurricane where all the flood defenses failed. The clean up and resumption of normal life will take a generation. We must begin preparations 
The Brexit assessments the Government didn’t want released have been published – now everyone can see what they were hiding  via @LondonEconomic 
Thousands of people marched through the streets of Dublin, Ireland on #IWD2018 to support women's abortion rights ahead of a referendum to #repealthe8th. 
Says the party who collapsed political talks on foot of orders from UDA/UVF.#Brexit  
Easy to see why Government wanted to keep Brexit analysis secret  
My son was born in Germany but is British as we have not been here long enough. We don't know for certain that we will be able to live in the country of his birth after Brexit #BrexitIsPersonal 
As talks collapse it might be a good idea to look at what gvt is doing about customs requirements in Calais/DoverThey're doing nothing, no investment, no infrastructure & here's a warning abt 30 mile tailbacks & food shortages. Time to get real. #Brexit 
The bad news about Brexit keeps on coming >> BBC News - Brexit study warns over chemical industry  
.The EU has Ireland's back....."At times of trouble, families come together & stand WITH each other. For the EU27, this is especially true when we talk about Brexit.” - Donald Tusk. by @fiachkelly in The @IrishTimes 
Interesting lecture tonight by Judge Ian Forrester:  First time a serving EU judge has spoken about Brexit, as far as I know. He predicts “grave problems” if the issues he outlines are not addressed before UK leaves EU. Also asks for moderation in discourse 
We handed our open letter to @Keir_Starmer in January, asking @UKLabour to lead an open, honest and transparent dialogue about the true impacts of Brexit. Now Govts own analysis shows our policy would damage jobs, wealth and public expenditure, we ask again for this to happen.  
EU freezes Brexit talks until Britain produces Irish border solution. Surely we must prepare to leave with NO DEAL.  
Thread. Was this on the ballot paper? Real people, real lives potentially derailed by #brexit. The human casualties are real. Not just statistics #brexitispersonal 
When we retired to the home we’ve owned for many years in France, we weren’t moving abroad, we weren’t leaving, we were living in another part of our European home. #Brexit has changed that. Now we feel like strangers when we visit.  #BrexitIsPersonal 
Thread. Brexit is personal. Everyone will be impacted by Brexit, including those who weren't even asked if they wanted it or not.To launch a fundraising drive for , here's an amazing thread of personal stories. #BrexitIsPersonal 
"Many farmers are now making business decisions for the next 5 or even 10 years without knowing what trading environment they will be operating in."How Brexit could affect the food chain  
The boss of the port of Calais has said there could be tailbacks up to 30 miles in all directions & potential food shortages in Britain if a #Brexit deal involves mandatory customs & sanitary checks at the French ferry terminal.#StopBrexit #FBPE  
Tories voted to cover up secret source of massive Brexit campaign donation funnelled to DUP  via @LondonEconomic 
Interesting to see a UKIP branch trying to suck up to the Russian Embassy by peddling a BS conspiracy about the EU trying to assassinate Skirpal.Shows where their loyalties lie. #BrexitBetraysBritain#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit pic.twitter.com/6w2I0lZqNv 
Marcus, I note your comment about ultra-remainers with hashtags. This is honestly my first ever tweet about Brexit (check my tweets) and certainly with an MPWould you please put forward an argument as to why your constituents will be measurably better off after Brexit? 
GBP/USD TOUCHES NEW SESSION LOW 1.3782 ON BREXIT DEAL DOUBTS 
House of Lords' work on withdrawal bill shows govt determined to bypass Parliamentary scrutiny on #Brexit. Second chamber working late into the night to stop plans for massive Ministerial power grab and ensure Parliament keeps control 
I’m self-employed in Belgium and have no idea if I will be able to work after Brexit. Maybe I’ll have to close while I get permits. Maybe I won’t be able to get permits. So yes, #BrexitIsPersonal 3 @grrrahh 
"Brexit is not the will of the people in the UK. It never has been. Had all the people spoken on the day, the result would almost certainly be what the pollsters had predicted, and what the UK, according to the polls, still wants, and that is to Remain."  
Retweet please if you agree. I don’t want a penny more of what I pay in tax going to @DavidDavisMP’s Brexit dept. Give it to #NHS instead. 
The plans for Brexit are on display in the darkened basement of the Department for Exiting the European Union at the bottom of a locked filing cabinet stuck in a disused lavatory with a sign on the door saying "Beware of the Unicorn" #HitchhikersGuideToTheGalaxy 
No right-wing tabloid journalist?No 'free-market' think tank representative?No Hard-Brexit businessman?No UKIP MEPs called Nigel?This is the historic #bbcqt equivalent of "where were you when JFK was shot?" 
Could you put forward an argument as to why your constituents will be measurably better off after Brexit? 
Mark is a #remainernow - he sent me why he changed his mind on #brexit in a private message. He is yet another person who has looked at the reality of Brexit, including of trade deals and he has been humble enough to say he made a mistake.  Mark. So many like you!#finalsay 
"The boss of the port of Calais has said there could be tailbacks up to 30 miles in all directions and potential food shortages in Britain if a Brexit deal involves mandatory customs and sanitary checks at the French ferry terminal."#brexitshambles 
Brexit Boom: British Exports Strongest Since 2010, Defying Pre-Referendum Recession Threats  
UK government to press on with Brexit bill despite no agreement  
Important. This is the only way to force the government’s hand as to what kind of Brexit they are giving to the peopleCrazy we don’t know yet. This is not going well.EU freezes Brexit talks until Britain produces Irish border solution  
Everything that is now happening in Britain is down to terrible leadership. And worst ... @jeremycorbyn and the @UKLabour. They are literally staring at the biggest political crown since 1945 and are failing to grab it. End Brexit, lead the democracy back from the brink. 
Saddest thing of all about Brexit negotiations is we’re fielding what we all know is a third division team against a first division EU side 
Brexiteers ignored Irish border during campaign, have rubbished it since then. Increasingly, however, it’s *the* issue in #Brexit talks  
Is Brexit worth it?Will your job be in danger?There's many more companies that will suffer too.#StopBrexitSaveBritain #StopBrexit #BrexitReality #BrexitImpact #FBPE #WATON #ExitBrexit#Pointless #BrexitIsPointless 
If Starmer is suspected of conspiring with EU against UK's interests & trying to undermine BREXIT he should face questioning under oath & unless he can clear his name should be barred from any public office & told if he's seen near HOP arrested 
Try this one then #brexit  
Liam Fox Slams EU for Acting like ‘Gang’ Threatening to Punish Brits for Brexit  
Tusk: ‘We expect the UK to propose a specific and realistic solution to avoid a hard (Irish) border. As long as the UK doesn't present such a solution, it is very difficult to imagine substantive progress in Brexit negotiations’  
EU freezes Brexit talks until Britain produces Irish border solution  It has long been obvious that the Irish border issue was being fudged by May but would have to be grasped eventually. Any “solution” will imperil May’s own position. Good! 
Hmm ... I listened to the interview.  I would have advised pretending it had never happened, not suggested drawing more attention to your performance..  But whilst you are here, could you now give us those examples of why we should be cheerful about Brexit? 
I welcome this move by @CommonsEUexit But am worried for our democracy. Why has getting information on the impact of Brexit out in the public domain (where it belongs) been stifled for so long?Our country is not in good shape.People deserve a vote on the deal.  
What is up with Labour? Their backing of Brexit in any form is simply a betrayal of their core supporters. Consider this: OFOC poll found that 28% of 18-24 year olds would vote Labour, but if @Labour stoped supporting Brexit this jumped to 46%. Get sorted - FAST! @Andrew_Adonis 
Perhaps the most significant contribution to the chaos of #BREXIT this day / week / month … for the EU it is “Ireland first…”.  
Looks like Brexit isn't the promised 'easiest deal in history' that Liam Fox claimed it would be. He's now calling out EU for being a gang, ignoring red lines put in place by the Tories which have removed options for the future UK-EU relationship & trade #BrexitShambles #bbcqt 
Maybe if the UK Gov didn't do a power grab but immediately passed Scottish fishery competence to 200miles at Brexit to Scot Gov -it might ensure fisheries are off the table for UK Gov to bargain with or asked to bargain with. Similar to USA Fed Gov Vs States on trade agreements. 
Bleak Brexit impact analysis published by parliament  
Jeremy Corbyn should offer pro-EU hope, not more fears about Brexit | Mary Kaldor  
Page 16: if we leave the Single Market and Customs Union this inevitably means a huge hit to our GDP over the next 15 years. Hard Brexit is economic vandalism of the worst kind, will damage our economy for decades and is quite literally robbing our children's future prosperity  
Maybe eventually it will enter into the wooden heads of the #Brexit supporting public that belonging to a large and powerful group can hugely magnify your own power, as Ireland is now demonstrating.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
I am genuinely so impressed by the EU. They are dealing with the utter chaos that is Britain and Brexit with huge grace, absolute logic, and clarity of purpose. 
Calais 'could be 10 times worse than Irish border' after Brexit  
Worth reading these tweets from @DavidLammy: one of the few MPs on either side of the House who has been focusing from the start on the devilish detail of Brexit.  
Our Brexit spokesperson in the Senedd, @steffanlewis responds to the UK Government's statement that they will press ahead with their Brexit power-grab despite objections from Wales and Scotland.  
Page 12: average tariffs on food of 12.7% if we leave the single market and customs union and even if we get a free trade agreement. Working people will pay for Brexit when the price of their weekly shop goes up 12%. Wealthy individuals calling for hard Brexit will be just fine.  
@mrjamesob gave you ample opportunity to explain the positives of Brexit. You couldn't. There are none. You do realise the biggest employer in your constituency is Italian owned don't you? Thanks for representing us! 
Page 9: Non-Tariff Barriers (customs costs, border costs, checks, regulatory costs etc) in most cases are "higher than any tariffs". Look at the impact for agriculture, cars, food and drink, manufacturing etc. Hard Brexit is economic suicide. Will set our economy back decades.  
Shit, fanFan, shitShit fan fan shitFan shit shit fanNo shit, no Brexit, no Brexit, no shitBrexit, it's all shitStop the shit, stop Brexit  
My statement after today’s Joint Ministerial Committee. @MarkDrakeford & I made serious & constructive proposals and now await @UKGov response : Brexit talks update  
I don't want Theresa May to ask the EU to be more flexible over a brexit trade deal I want her to tell them to do one we have offered them an olive branch & all they do is take the olives & hand back a stick time & time again. Boring!! 
I welcome Sir John Major supporting a free vote in parliament on the final deal which parliament must approve. The deep divisions in our nation will not be healed by a #Brexit forced through Parliament at the behest of a minority of convinced opponents of Europe. 
The Brexit vote was a bitter rejection of the establishment & anger brought about by growing inequality & years of austerity. Leaving the EU won't bring back control, make life more equal, or make us any safer.There must be a better way within the EU, so my next vote will be: 
UK post-referendum boom continues as exports each 8 year high. Things will be even better with a full #Brexit !  
Just walked past some dude in the pouring rain complaining to his girlfriend that it's March so stop making fun of him for wearing shorts and flipflops and if that isn't Brexit 
Ruth Davidson is awfully quiet about the Brexit power grab today. 
The government’s own analysis, now published, shows that:- Every region will be damaged by Brexit- Many industries will be damaged by Brexit.No wonder they tried to hush up these reports.It’s time for MPs to make the case to #StopBrexit. 
Draft Starmer Press Release Shows Labour Working With EU to undermine Brexit.Imagine Britain's Shock...#YouCantTrustLabour 
EU freezes Brexit talks until Britain produces Irish border solution... Here's a solution- no border, remain, & renew Britain instead!  
Thoroughly excellent news. Don’t let up on the Brexit liars. We should ask, though, why UK opposition parties didn’t call for this ‘freeze’ a year ago.  
More updates to my #Brexit, gender and language post! One of the most remarkable posts I’ve written in ages.Languages included:+LatinNot in:  
Even if Corbyn reaches Downing Street after #Brexit, he’ll be presiding over an economic mess. He should, instead, listen to his allies and come out strongly to #StopBrexit now. 
The current position of #brexit folk seems to be that we must simultaneously:1. Absolutely not trust the thoroughness & competency of Govt's brexit research2. Absolutely trust the Govt's ability to carry out Brexit competently & thoroughlyBrexit as an exercise in doublethink. 
EU freezes Brexit talks until Britain produces Irish border solution: they are dead right, peace in Ireland is too important to play Brexit games.  
The chances of a ‘no deal’ Brexit are higher than generally realised  
Am I the only one that bakes when the utter insanity of #Brexit is really getting me down?L Pain de campagne. R Date and walnut banana cake, with chocolate.  
The government’s handling of Brexit is a shambles.There’ll now be no more progress on the future relationship until the issue of the Irish border is settled.This was one of the key aims of Phase 1, to which the government had already supposedly agreed 
Kinnock fought the 1983 General Election on  a pledge to leave the EEC(EU) without a referendum.He then became a EU Commissioner.#Hypocrite. 
Imagine spending every waking moment trying to invalidate the largest referendum in UK history and then calling for a referendum. This is another thing Stop Brexiteers don't get. If you break the promise to respect the result of EU Ref 1 you invalidate all future referenda.  
Commons Brexit committee has published the impact report which ministers wanted to keep private. It models three Brexit outcomes and concludes we would become poorer over the next 15 years under all three. Brexiteers who wave flags & claim to be 'patriotic' are destroying the UK. 
FISH! You might not care about the Brexit negotiations over fisheries, but you really should - they offer a valuable insight into what's to come  
Businesses must speak up & save UK from Brexit. Executives speak privately of the disaster ahead- If they went public on looming job losses, they could encourage people to #RethinkBrexit as it's in in the interests of ALL in UK. Let's #RenewBritain instead 
The U.K. Government’s #Brexit end game isn’t difficult to see. It’s a no deal, which will undermine the Northern Ireland peace process, damage our economy & GDP for years, and make austerity policies look benign in comparison  
This is HUGE.Why, I hear you ask?Because Theresa May and the @Conservatives literally DON'T have a viable solution which incorporates their ridiculous version of hard Brexit. It is impossible.Massive implications imminent. 
Beyond a Joke...Juncker DEMANDS Britain pays extra £2.4 Billion in customs duties!Mrs May's spokesman:"We do not recognise European Commission's estimate of alleged duty loss.We believe the methodology used overestimates UK import values"#Brexit #EU 
The Bank of England has also warned that economic uncertainty caused by #Brexit will knock 5% of wage growth by the year end, compared to pre-referendum forecasts. People didn’t vote to be poorer!  The public must be granted a vote on the deal and a chance to #ExitFromBrexit 
EU freezes Brexit talks until Britain produces Irish border solution  Tusk says "Ireland first" - if UK won't accept CU, SM, Border in Irish Sea then up to them to come up with the solution which avoids hard border, & no further talks until they do! 
Since #Brexit, business investment has decreased as firms hit the pause button on major projects, unemployment increased in the 3 months to December by the largest amount in 5 years and employment and productivity growth has slipped back. 
Scottish and Welsh Govts went to talks today on Brexit with new ideas over how to reach agreement...UK rocked up with a whole new list of powers and an amendment they will lodge whether we agree or not. #equalpartners #brexit 
WATCH -- Steve Bannon Recalls Brexit Victory Night During Zurich Speech, Warns EU 'Better Start Listening'  
EU freezes #Brexit talks until UK produces Irish border solution.In other words, the EU has called the May's bluff. Will she be found wanting? You bet she will, the b.s. will now hit the fan.  
The best I get from the Brexidiots in response to the disastrous estimates of the economic consequences of Brexit is that 'this isn't about money'.   So it is about being a lot poorer but being able to say sovereignty is great - really?  LOL 
We must put Ireland "first" before Brexit talks move on, Donald Tusk tells Britain  
EU freezes Brexit talks until Britain produces Irish border solution. Waffle doesn't fly with Brussels. Tick tock goes the #Brexit clock!   
The draft press release would have boasted "Labour secure EU backing for customs union proposal" & said "it is understood" that European Parliament Brexit Steering Committee was about to adapt its resolution to reflect Corbyn's position. It was never sent.  
Labour quietly drop press release admitting to working with the EU to come up with a Brexit position. Almost as if colluding with our opposites in a negotiation undermines the national interest...  
EXC: This is a draft Keir Starmer press release, written but not sent last week, which shows Labour have been working with Brussels on Brexit policy  
I heard a rumour:After #Brexit, UK gov are planning on BINNING the new #GDPR rules (that companies are spending money preparing for). Presumably so that American companies can continue to buy your data as they currently do. The EU stands up the US, Britain gets its tummy tickled 
Marcus - the problem is, as shown by our recent Twitter exchanges, there is no detailed narrative about the benefits of Brexit. You say trade benefits are likely to be broadly neutral, but better innovation/collaboration - however Eurofighter, Airbus happened in EU!! 
Terrible events in Salisbury are a warning of life post #Brexit. The UK will be far weaker to deal with Russion aggression: no EAW, no extradition Treaties in place, no 'EU family' supportfor sanctions. Brexit will weaken our security for sure. 
My press statement in Dublin after my consultations with Taoiseach Leo Varadkar on #Brexit and March #EUCO:  
The analysis shows that #Brexit will damage the UK economy and jobs in whatever scenario the UK is finally granted by the EU (it isn't  a negotiation between equals).To carry on is like trying to put out a fire with petrol, just because somebody advised you too. 
A word about FISH.. Brexiters care a lot about it. They want to Brexit to get control over their fishing waters.ExceptWe sell 75% of the fish we catch to the EU..which is why places that voted Leave like Grimsby want special treatment now. 
With @gildernewm & @ChrisHazzardSF in Westminster to launch legal report on implications of British Gov scrapping Charter of Fundamental Rights protections post Brexit#brexitbad4rights & thus bad for you 
Pleasure to speak at the @britishchambers annual conference to discuss @UKLabour industrial strategy and the challenges facing business such as #Brexit, low productivity and our flagging economy.  
The bulk of MPs understand that the customs union is the only plausible way of achieving the continuation of “frictionless” trade the gvt. claims to aspire to. It's a shame that @theresa_may is scared of the #Brexit ultras and puts Tory party politics over national interest. 
Strangely nothing on @BBCBreaking on this? Why should clear evidence of Brexit harm not be widely reported by @bbc? 
One of the consequences from UK gov selling off protection over Scotch post Brexit, is the impact it'll have on tourism in ScotlandA huge part of which comes from Whisky tours, which in turn will impact local economies, jobs etc 
EU freezes Brexit talks until Britain produces Irish border solution  
On Friday 23 March @UCC @LawUCC will host a major seminar on Brexit and its impact on Ireland. Our panel will include Judge Anthony M Collins of the EU General Court, @MaryCMurphy , Dr. Vincent Power of @ALGoodbody and @DeirdreCluneMEP . Booking now open 
Gov'ts throughout Europe have been preparing for the introduction of GDPR, however only in the last 12 months have UK organisations really woken up to the reality and risk they face by not complying, and Gov't has been too busy botching Brexit to help.  
Brexit Betrayal: ‘Of Course’ Govt Will Discuss Selling Out Fisheries to EU, Says ‘Remainer Phil’ Hammond   
#TheresaMay & #Tory #Brexit in tatters......This - The #EU knocking down selfish UK suggestions. #UK is not special & does not deserve special treatment -  #EUref2 
Irrefutable logic, Liam. Pity you and your fellow Brexiteers have been using the language of confrontation since the referendum. 
It is clearly the EU’s fault. They made us leave. They called the referendum and drummed up support for Leave backed by falsehoods and stirring up xenophobia. Frankly Barnier, Tusk and their ilk should be ashamed of themselves #Brexit 
Wrapped up a very useful meeting with @eucopresident Donald Tusk. Thanks again for standing firmly beside Ireland on #Brexit. Always a pleasure to welcome him to @merrionstreet. Next step is @EUCouncil on March 22nd. 
Member of Parliament recommending criminality to solve the #Brexit border problems? Incredible  
Release of government's Brexit impact studies confirms we're now well into Brexit Justification Level 5.  
Tories to block move forcing DUP to reveal Brexit donation amid NI funding laws overhaul  
SELL-OUT: Defra Minister George Eustice appears to admit UK fishing waters are up for grabs post-Brexit.British fishermen must not be betrayed! @fishingforleave. 
WELL DONE BREXITERS-Financial services provides 10% of total UKGov tax take-Imagine our struggling NHS schools social care & police with 10% less across the board-All because of Brexit-Brexit destroys jobs-Brexit leads to poverty-People will die as a direct result of Brexit. 
- Want to be poorer?- Want to live in a country with no allies and no influence?- Want your taxes to go to Brexit rather than the NHS?THEN BREXIT IS THE CHOICE FOR YOU!! 
This utterly demented #Brexit project needs to be called off immediately. The damage to the UK is far beyond anything a hostile power could have hoped to achieve. Yet is being implemented by our very own MPs.Stop it, just stop it now! #StopBrexit 
WELL DONE BREXITERS - Even Mark Carney has stated categorically that we would be booming now if it weren't for Brexit. But he's an expert so what does he know. 
"The idea of punishing Britain is not the language of a club, it's the language of a gang."　International Trade Secretary Dr Liam Fox calls for "an economic Brexit, not a political Brexit".  
This is the kind of contempt the UK govt has been showing to devolved nations throughout the Brexit process.  Partnership of equals? Aye right.  
If you own a business and you are having to cut back due to Brexit , will you lay off those workers you know caused this by voting Leave first ? 
I didn't vote for #Brexit and I'm buggered if I'm willing to pay for it!  
House of Commons Brexit Committee have published the full official internal Brexit Impact study.Above 0 - benefits of BrexitBelow 0 - cost of Brexit Cutting to the chase, Brexit means a much greater recession than even the 2009 economic collapse after the financial crisis.  
Thread: The government's Brexit impact analysis has been published, here's a quick run down of the #NewBrexitFacts in it. You can read the full report here:  /1 
Now that the reality of the situation is made known, I'm sure that most will be sick to the stomach knowing that we have now arrived to the point of impasse where clarity is needed.UK Gov finally admits that its Brexit Bill is a power grab on Scotland  
The Brexit we voted for is under attack,not just from Soros & Blair but from govn who are hoodwinking the nation into believing we are leaving,only to then sign us up to everything under another name.Regulatory alignment,Reciprocal access to fishing waters,? reeks of a stitch up 
New Brexit Stamps  
Hmm. a) Why, precisely, could that not be done before Brexit? b) in what way would Brexit help? c) wouldn’t it have been easier with access to cheaper EIB loans? d) won’t this be more difficult with the lower GDP that the Govt. analysis shows will result from Brexit?  
Barnier and Tusk are still trying to browbeat us into staying in the single market and customs union, rendering Brexit meaningless and crippling us forever. They know our future prosperity lies outside their borders and rules and they fear it, says @TheSun 
Scottish fishermen who supported Brexit because they actually believed the WM gov. 42% of the British population think the economy will get better post Brexit. Can I get off now. This is not the country I signed up to.  
I fought tooth and nail for months to get the Government to release the Brexit impact studies. I go on Twitter and they're right there on my timeline. What do they show? That hard Brexit is economic suicide. We will be poorer. Any free trade deal will never make up for lost trade  
I'e just been assured the rumours are not true about selling out British fishermen in our Brexit talks. they deserve the very best from the talks 
Hope rumours aren't true that government is going to do deal on Brexit which could sell out British fishermen. they have been robbed blind for years by the EU 
Remain Referendum message: If you vote Leave you’ll be voting to be poorer.17.4m vote Leave.Remain message now: Nobody voted to be poorer. 
On Tuesday we were in court and today one of the Brexit studies is released. Seems unlikely to have been a coincidence so if you supported the crowd-funder that made the legal case possible: thank you. Let’s chalk this one up to people power and call it a victory for transparency  
Theresa May Just 49 Brexit Speeches Away From Having Brexit Plan  
Simple conclusion from this document - Brexit is an absolute disaster but didn't have to be.  The regional estimates on p23 the scariest and will be even worse if there is a hard NI border.  Unclear why PM May chose the total disaster route 
Dare the UK to pose the following referendum question before next March:Has the United Kingdom's intended departure for the European Union been worth all the time and money?Or should we have all watched panda videos on YouTube instead? 
Our fishing waters are NOT up for grabs!  #Brexit  
.@eucopresident Donald Tusk has just arrived back in @merrionstreet. We’ll be talking #FutureofEurope #brexit and preparing for the next @EUCouncil meeting later this month 
Even just looked at in purely self-interested electoral terms, the @UKLabour leadership has got its Brexit policy wrong. Very wrong.  
Until leave’s referendum expenses' issues are sorted opponents will be able to cast doubt over Brexit’s legitimacy  
Today we have published Government's EU Exit Analysis: Cross Whitehall Briefing, with a single annex removed on the grounds of negotiation sensitivity  #Brexit  
Seriously, it’s f*cking criminal that this kind of report wasn’t commissioned by parliament BEFORE MPs voted through the referendum. The recklessness of that entire place shames this country & will go down in infamy. Those selfsame MPs have a duty to save the public from itself  
I have just seen this from HOC Exiting EU Committee showing the impact of Brexit - this is a total & complete DISASTER and these are the government's own estimates - NE especially but also NI WM & NW are decimated & why did Wales vote for? British people need to wake up & stop it  
The true cost of Brexit is all the panda videos we could have watched instead. 
#Brexit has always (though not solely) been about petulantly blaming the EU and migrants for Britain's self-inflicted ills. Very convenient for the rich and powerful who can duck the blame.  #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Have been tweeting about how bad Brexit was being done in practice for just under two years.And it has not made a jot of difference.I could have been watching panda videos on You-Tube, all that time. 
UK Government finally admits that its Brexit Bill is a power grab on Scotland  It's not looking good for Scotland is it? The "Repeal Bill" gave the Tories the Power to "Dictate to Scotland" Not to govern it. We are under the heel of a Dictatorship Government. Wake up! 
So after speaking in Brussels with @MichelBarnier it’s clear that UK Gov’t is either completely delusional about future relations or simply doesn’t care what happens after we leave the EU in March 2019 #Brexit @FrancesOGrady @TUCGlobal 
Here, in all its gory detail, is the Brexit impact report that the Government was DESPERATE to hide from the British public.They denied its existence. They hid it. They produced decoy reports and pretended to hide those. Finally, it leaked. Now here it is.  
Brexit Betrayal: ‘Of Course’ Govt Will Discuss Selling Out Fisheries to EU, Says ‘Remainer Phil’ Hammond  
There can be no diminution of rights as a result of Brexit - @M_AndersonSF tells launch of independent legal advice in London 
There it is folks. The pointless economic harm that the Government believes Brexit will cause to your region. Having looked at the analysis, the Government has kindly decided to press on with only the second most damaging option.  
The EU says Britain must continue to cooperate with the EU on counter-terrorism and crime, but will not give Britain access to the EU crime databases that are part of this work.Did someone say something about cake?#Brexit  
How about you invite us onto your show @JuliaHB1? That way you can call us 'nutters' to our faces. insults are weak, usually driven by insecurity & are a diversion tactic used by people losing the argument. Why not stop your name calling & discuss the real #Brexit issues with us? 
LEAVE!' Gibraltar fisherman would now vote for Brexit after EU's 'appalling behaviour'       
There were a few things missing from the 2016 referendum question, so I've fixed the form.#Brexit#FBPE#StopBrexit#FinalSay 
‘Brexit betrayal’: Leavers accuse chancellor of treachery over UK fishing waters  
Now the prime minister elected after the EU referendum to make Brexit happen says it will do our country economic damage should the British public be allowed an informed vote on the final deal? 
I find it inconceivable, genuinely, that a government would proceed with a policy (brexit with May’s so-called ‘red lines’) when faced with this assessment of the consequences. I just cannot get my head around it. If you put this to a vote, it would surely be rejected out of hand  
this shows the extra tens of billions of pounds of borrowing that Treasury expects because of Brexit  
These forecasts were prepared by Brexiters - members of DExEU, using "Economists for Brexit" preferred economic model - so silly conspiracy theory of a #Remainer conspiracy in Whitehall is completely without foundation, like so many other #BrexitMyths 
Human Rights lawyers in London today are scathing of British Government’s cavalier approach to protecting rights of citizens post Brexit in north of Ireland #brexitshambles 
In Italy, 65% of young people aged 18-24 appear to be eurosceptic, with 39% voting for Five Star, 21% for the League, 4% for Casapound, and 1% for FdI. In contrast, in Britain only 24% of young people aged 18-24 voted for Brexit.  
First they told us Corbyn was a traitor, then it was former conservative prime minister Sir John Major, and now its the prime minister herself.  May will undoubtedly lead us to ruin unless she stops Brexit, but a traitor?   becomes more extreme every day. 
Pleased to receive new Ambassador of  United Kingdom Dominick Chilcott @DChilcottFCO on a courtesy call. Talked about Turkey-EU relations, bilateral relations, Brexit, Europe & the region.  
At a post Cabinet briefing outside Government Buildings today, Ministers @SimonHarrisTD @josephamadigan @ReginaDo @CharlieFlanagan @RichardbrutonTD confirm that the Eighth Amendment Referendum Bill has been approved.  
Confirmation that the government is fully aware that the impact of Brexit on the UK economy will be appalling. So it's ruled out a #finalsay ref, is attempting to avoid a meaningful vote in Parliament, has rejected the least damaging option, and will press on regardless. 
42% of Britons believe the UK will be economically better off post-Brexit.via @ORB_Int, 02 - 04 Mar 
The importance of the EU both to the UK and the world.....is diminishing. Time to move on and free ourselves from this sclerotic PC jamboree and govern ourselves in OUR interests. #BrexitReality #Brexit  
Ireland must work with other small, open, liberal EU states post Brexitvia @IrishTimes 
The Tories have finally admitted that the Brexit repeal Bill is a power grab. A memo sent round cabinet members - including Theresa May - claims that the power grab narrative deployed by the Scottish and Welsh Government has been “difficult to counter”.  
More democracy, patriotism and economic anxiety, in Hampstead of all places. #Brexit  
Really loved this piece by two guys in Southampton who got so fed up with Brexit they started a single issue party  
The quickest scan of the released Brexit #impactassessment reads like a series of reasons to Remain.A forecast of unnecessary pain for the many, w the biggest effect on chemicals, food & drink, clothes, manufacturing, cars & retail. The stuff of life, then.#ThinkAgain #AskAgain 
MUST READ!We now have the analysis behind the Brexit impact figures.Some sectors - manufacturing, agricultural, chemical - severely impacted.Everyone hit by weaker economy, less able to cope with whatever hits us.Look under “FTA” for govt’s policy 
A Brexit-supporting Conservative MP called @mrjamesob to try to tell him why leaving the EU will benefit us. It didn't go well.  
MUST-READ: The Brexit committee has published the Government’s secret Brexit impact assessments. Now we can all see for ourselves how much damage Brexit will do. Read it for yourself here:  
Perhaps the most devastating graph in the government's Brexit impact report. Above 0 = positives of Brexit. Below 0 = negatives of Brexit.  
Above the 0: the benefits of BrexitBelow the 0: the costs of Brexit  
It's like Davis just made up the negotiating position stuff to avoid publishing evidence that Brexit would do significant damage to the UK economy. 
Confirmed: In the upcoming referendum, the electorate will be asked if it wants to remove the current version of Article 40.3.3 and insert the following words in its place: “Provision may be made by law for the regulation of termination of pregnancies.” #8thRef 
Here's the link to the Brexit impact assessments the DExEU committee have published. Notable they only saw fit to annex one bit of it  
Let me show you my example which illustrates the cruelty of British residents in EU countries not having FoM after Brexit. We live in Ayamonte, a Spanish town on the border with Portugal. The River Guadiana separates the two countries.  
DUP leader Arlene Foster says: 'I object to people who have limited experience of Troubles in Northern Ireland, throwing threats of violence around as bargaining chip in (brexit) process,.' Think she means Blair & Major 
I won't lie to you, I would not have been able to name the PM of Luxembourg before yesterday. But I can now! Xavier Bettel nailed the Government's Brexit policy in a single sentence: "They were in with a load of opt-outs. Now they are out, and want a load of opt-ins.” 
The government's secret Brexit impact report shows Brexit will damage all major parts of the economy, all parts of the UK and leave Britain with few, if any benefits.  
Tory Minister Steve Baker called for the EU to be "wholly torn down". The main beneficiaries of that would be Vladimir Putin and #Legatum style disaster capitalists. Baker is, of course, a #Legatum fanboy. #BrexitBetraysBritain#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit  
Those who argue that Remainers have a duty to vote Labour, a Brexit-supporting party, to prevent the Tories, a Brexit-supporting party, continuing in power, are wholly irrational. It is hardly our fault that Labour has chosen to oppose the wishes of the majority of its supporters 
Ministers claim to be pursuing a Brexit deal that will deliver the “exact same benefits” as EU membership is dead in the water - this is surely the first Government to be so proudly pursuing policies they acknowledge will make the country poorer  
Brexiters pride themselves on their patriotism. But as we all know, Brexit harms our country and helps Putin and Trump. #Brexit is the opposite of patriotism, it is the kind of thing a traitor would inflict on Britain. Please don't feel shy about saying so!#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Who should we let in ? Voters who want to see immigration cut often struggle to say who they would stop coming here. Watch more on my @BBCPanorama on immigration after Brexit on @BBCiPlayer 
We have entered an age of unreason where millions of voters appear to find the “straight talking” of lies more attractive that the complicated explanation of the truth. This is a damning indictment on those who are misled by those who seek to mislead.#Trump #Brexit 
With the significant public interest in the potential impact of #Brexit on theBritish economy and the regions of the UK, we have decided to publish the Government's EU Exit Analysis, with a single annex removed on the grounds of negotiation sensitivity  
This is now too late , May has committed to leaving everything , a hard Brexit , the Bonkers Brigade have won and they now don't care about anything except keeping May to her word. It's all they have to do. 
I expect we will see a raft of companies activate their worst case contingency plans now. The damage has been done.  May's handling of Brexit shambolic, aided and abetted by a useless opposition.  People need to stop fighting each other and start fighting for their jobs. 
This 14-word takedown of Brexit will take some beating  
#Brexitanalysis "modelled US deal takes central view of what could be achieved.  Benefit to UK GDP is 0.2% of GDP long term."  The analysis clearly shows that new FTA's will NOT make up the damage of a WTO or FTA #Brexit. 
Listening to @mrjamesob trying to extract any positive reasons for #Brexit from his callers.An hour and a half in, and not one clear, new benefit. 
Why? They simply can't wait and deal with potentially last minute disastrous consequences of a bad deal. Even if Brexit deal is perfect or the decision is reversed, the consequences and restructuring away from London would have already taken place. 
Breaking: The Cabinet has approved the wording of #8thRef, and the bill to trigger a referendum on it. @3NewsIreland 
Major banks, including Goldman Sachs and JP Morgan, have been telling staff they will be relocated due to Brexit for some time. Spoke to several senior managers who said plans are in place and lack of clarity from govt means they will proceed with relocation IRRESPECTIVE of deal. 
NEW Commission launches legal action against UK, saying negligent customs controls cost EU budget €2.7bnCase unrelated to Brexit, but has influenced EU27 thinking on Irish border.Seconded - was great scoop in 2017 by @giuliaparavicin 
Six weeks after @AlbertoNardelli obtained the government's top secret internal Brexit analysis, it's finally published for all to read:  
You all know that the fishermen who voted for Brexit will instinctively blame the SNP when Westminster inevitably shafts them, right? And of by some miracle the SNP could assist, absolutely no gratitude will be shown. I've seen it so, so many times. 
Gibraltar supports #Brexit after EU 'appalling behaviour'"I'm glad we're Leaving EU personally because way EU has been acting in terms of Gibraltar is appalling.EU willing to sacrifice us on silver platter for Spain... just to punish UK for Leaving #EU" 
If you voted Brexit to stick it to the Establishment I'm asking you - pleading with you - to take a look at what that vote is going to get you.Is this what you want?  
In the two years of madness this remains my favourite moment. That time Britain First's Andrew Edge secured the support of the Kray twins for Brexit.  
Well... Commons Brexit committee publishes the full 29 page official internal Brexit Impact study first leaked to @AlbertoNardelli and then further leaked to @skynews 
Brussels facing accusations of 'cherry-picking' and double standards after demanding that Britain allows access to its fishing waters after Brexit  
Great call in to @mrjamesob on @LBC by @MarcusFysh re the reasons to be cheerful about #Brexit I think Marcus has probably added a few thousand more to the already majority that now wish to #Remain Well done! 
Russia is engaged in terrorism on British soil. Meanwhile the British government is knowingly helping Putin's hybrid war against Western democracy by pressing on with #Brexit. Who are the traitors!#BrexitBetraysBritain#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Gender, language and #BrexitNew blog post:Gender of the noun BrexitMasculine:DE, FR, ES, PT (I think), NL, RU, SI, IEFeminine:ITNeuter:GR, RO (I think)Comments and additions most welcome! 
Some employers have been making huge profits from cheap labour, leaving the rest of society to cope with the consequences for housing, public services and the cost of in-work benefits. Brexit must put a stop to this.  
Easy to see the EU's point on mutual recognition. When you have mouth foaming inbreds like Rees-Mogg who would happily dismantle systems to prevent the import of counterfeit airline spares and tainted baby formula, there is no basis for trusting the UK.#Brexit 
Nicola Sturgeon has again spoken out against the extreme Brexit being pursued by the Prime Minister, warning it will leave future generations to bear the brunt of another right-wing ideological experiment.  
Have you noticed how Brexit supporters have moved from "Project fear" to "price worth paying"? Or am I being too selective? 
I suggest we all scour the Hansard on this tomorrow - I certainly shall. Future fisheries policy an absolutely key test of Brexit.  
Bring it on! Two years on Gibraltar stock exchange boss says Rock would vote FOR Brexit  
The EU’s Italy calamity is the UK’s big Brexit opportunity  via @CityAM 
Currently NO sectoral analysis by UK Gov on impact of #Brexit on 'Health'. From loss of EU staff,  delayed drug access or weakened Public Health / Health & Safety rules. Would have thought was important enough to most people for an impact assessment. #BrexitShambles 
Brexit Sovrunty :  British EU Commissioner Chris Patten, “A man, naked, hungry and alone  in the middle of the Sahara Desert is free in the sense that no one can  tell him what to do. He is sovereign, then. But he is also doomed.” 
Normally this bypoll would’ve been just like any other - winners will declare it a “referendum” & losers will call it “insignificant”. But #Chengannur could very well show the Kerala cards that BJP have up their sleeve. I won’t be surprised if Modi himself shows up to campaign 
EU says finance sector ready for disorderly Brexit  
Lord Heseltine praises the “very brave” Tory MPs speaking out against Brexit and complains they are being “crucified” by certain newspapers. #BrexitLocalGov 
Angela Merkel kicks out Sigmar Gabriel: German minister who MOCKED Brexit GONE  
23/ Credit where it's due. The EU Parliament gets a lot of stick from journalists including me, and frankly it merits most of it. But this is a well thought out, well formulated and well presented contribution to the Brexit debate and deserves to be treated as such. 
Liam Fox attacks EU approach to negotiating Brexit, saying "it is not the language of a club it is the language of a gang" in the Q&A at the #bccconf @britishchambers 
Summary:1. Give voters three clear choices over Brexit in a two-stage poll.2. Here are the three choices that should be offered: (a) Cancel Brexit; or(b) Remain in Our EU; or(c) Both (a) and (b).3. Talk about an exercise in true Our EU-style democracy!4. That's all, folks!  
Sad but important thread. Brexit is an ideology, but one that causes direct damage to individual people’s lives.  
THREAD. Thank you @OldBobCyprus for list of *What's wrong with Brexit*. Let's all ask Remainers @theresa_may @PhilipHammondUK @DLidington @AmberRuddHR how they justify doing this to UK. And @BorisJohnson who's only Out for what's in it for him#StopBrexit #LE2018VoteRemain #ABTV 
Shortly after referendum an EU ambassador exclaimed in frustration ‘you had everything you wanted in the EU’.We could get away with cherry-picking before because we were committed to staying. We can’t and won’t pick and choose a better relationship as we’re walking out the door  
Looks like the only cake we'll get to eat is fish cakes. Brexit Britain apparently has an economy based entirely on fish. Fish cars and planes, running on fish oil. Fish money. Fish hospitals staffed by ex-rays. Cod philosophers. Mullet hairstyles. Racing from Haddock. 
Upsetting to reTweet this - but this is another disturbed and dangerous young man who sought refuge in our country. Surely this is a reason for us to have controlled borders and vetting. It won't stop them all but it is a vital beginning. One of the reasons for Brexit.  
#CatOutOfTheBag DEFRA minister when asked about fishing post Brexit "where is it (quota) going and when? Answered "We are seeking a trade deal" then moved to change/correct. What is connection between trade deal and fishing that is to fore of the DEFRA mind? 
Brexit threatens to reopen old wounds with Ireland.  
John Redwood: Italian electionBBC & other media very quiet about Italian election!Both 5 Star & Lega are Eurosceptic.Lega campaigned for Italy to leave Euro & remove Maastricht, Nice, Amsterdam & Lisbon Treaties from Italy’s constitution.#Brexit #EU 
“But Brexit’s been good for trade ‘cos the fall in the pound makes our stuff cheaper in the EU.” At first, yes. In the medium to long term, it’s going to cost the UK. HT to @nealkemp fo reminding me to do this thread. 14/14 
.@theresa_may must grant the public a vote on the deal.Promises made by Leave campaigners are yet to be met, like the extra £350m a week on the NHS.Many electors know that they were misled.The electorate has every right to vote on the deal, now the cost of #Brexit is clearer. 
10/ To this end, Britain should agree to abide by EU rules on VAT and corporation tax. Brussels is currently mounting a big push back against tax dodging multinationals who could see the UK as a safe haven after Brexit.  
"#brexit most disastrous change in modern age and I will do whatever I can to stop it" #heseltine #Brexitlocalgov 
This is Article 2 of the EU Treaty. Brexit is nothing short of a full frontal assault on our core values. If you are not fighting Brexit you are complicit in that assault.  
The most telling thing about EU officials talking Brexit is that they use the word "grant". As in, "we cannot grant the UK this, we can only grant the UK that."This isn't a negotiation between equals. It's 17 million Leavers against an EU of 500 millionThey hold all the cards 
Exports from the north of Ireland to EU increased by 15% last year; total export to EU now nearly 57% - Special Status is vital to protect local jobs & economy #Brexit  
I know the "Hammond is spoiling lovely Brexit" meme, but this has literally been government - and Defra - policy for months and months  
More details in the Mirror’s story about the incident. Don’t you dare try and tell me that Brexit and racism aren’t two sides of the exact same coin:  
38% of the world's terrestrial surface is covered by agricultural land. In 1960 Earth was home to 3bn people. Now it's 7.5bn and will grow to 9bn+ in 15 years time. The EU and CAP help provide food security. Yet we are messing about with Brexit. 
150 of the 650 MPs are lost Brexit cultists. How many of the other 500 have the courage to fight for what they know to be right to save this country?  
This is important. We have a statute saying ‘no change to EU treaties without a referendum’ & the government is trying to sneak that law away to avoid a referendum they don’t want to risk - now that the Brexit truth is out & clear.  
funny that  how the snp  said  everything in the vow  was a lie ..and it is   snp also said scotland would be badly affected by brexit it seems it will be snp said its a powergrab and torys denied but now confirm it  is   do folk not see a pattern here 
#NickClegg  The man who campaigned non stop to stay in EU. Wrote a book How To Stop Brexit, getting Knighted today for trying to stop Brexit. Sir Nick Clegg one worst politicians of all time. Only one worse Tiny Tim Farron.  
To celebrate #internationalwomensday, a thread on some of the women who campaigned in Britain’s first European referendum in 1975 - both for and against membership. 1/12 
READ: Brexit risks delaying cancer treatment and putting 'patients at risk'  
Chancellor Philip Hammond has stated that the government would be open to trading away access to British fish stocks for a better Brexit deal. @NickFerrariLBC asks: is the fishing industry more important than The City? 
The price he pays for them has gone up 10% since the EURef, and he, and the manufacturer, expect it to go up further post Brexit. But the £ is weak. How can this be? 3/ 
So let me get this right, to date, industries either moving, considering moving, reducing capacity, or shutting up shop due to Brexit uncertainty and rising costs due to the weak £, now stands at;* Airlines.* Car factories. At risk 2.7 million workers 
Scottish fishermen react with fury to EU demand for unchanged access to UK waters  #Brexit 
So basically immigrants financially propping up the NHS for the aging indigenous population who mostly voted leave to get rid of the immigrants they think are causing the NHS to fail.......it would be funny if it wasn't so serious #brexit #brexitshambles 
And it’s:der Brexit le Brexit el Brexit But for some reason:la Brexit  
Reading this about apathy and a failure to act on #Brexit reminds me that I sometimes think that the British are ripe for dictatorship. "They took Mr Wilkins away yesterday" "Oh dear, how awful, his poor wife. Oh well.... would you like another cup of tea"#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Oh, if you missed this yesterday...I mean, this is all anyone with a modicum of sense has been saying since before the Brexit vote even happened but, you know, in case you missed it being said again yesterday.  
The Scottish Parliament is not just the SNP. Infact, every party except the Conservatives voted through the Scottish Brexit Continuity Bill yesterday 
Brexit is a government cover up for other issues, business chief warns  
As a matter of fact, Russia has already crippled the U.K. with Brexit  
Is it me or has @UKLabour gone very quiet on Brexit after EU’s response yesterday? What is their position now the asinine ‘Best deal for Britain’ & ‘Jobs-first Brexit’ have been blown out of the water? 
There is too much at stake for me and my family not to protest against #Brexit. It is an assault on our rights in many ways #FBPE #WATON 
I’ve said it once, I’ll say it again:no one ever got poor putting out Brexit propaganda. Mandrake in @TheNewEuropean 
Since frontpages in UK press are dominated by other issues than #brexit today, one might benefit from that short break and have a much closer look at third country regimes of EU agencies (e. g. EMA, ECHA, EASA). Mind the strings attached... 
Magnificent on Ireland border and Brexit - please click and look at these four slides by @hayward_katy. 
BETRAYAL: Remoaner Chancellor Philip Hammond hints that EU may still plunder UK waters post-Brexit.Britain’s devastated fishing communities can’t be sold out again. 
As I've said all along: If a single family is split up as a result of #Brexit, it will be a complete travesty. And we're not talking one family - we're talking MILLIONS of families who wake up in a state of anxiety over their future every single day. #StopBrexit #WATON 
Ruth Davidson was on Sunday Politics Scotland at the weekend. She got asked about independence. Nothing on Brexit studies.Nothing on Power grab.Nothing on her MPs choosing to go against her re hard brexit. 
READ: Brexit is already damaging our economy - Euroclear, the financial clearing house, has confirmed it is shifting the residence of its holding company from Britain. Please RT:  
Brexiters dismiss it as "Project Fear", however the negative economic impacts of #Brexit are obvious.They will only increase as the Tories pursue their catastrophic hard #Brexit. The public must be granted a vote on the deal and a chance to #ExitFromBrexit 
...for first rate Brexit snark on your timeline, my learned friend @rowena_kay .Follow all these, and you really don't need to follow anyone else for full coverage of Brexit.#IWD 
% of people confused by Labour Brexit policy went UP after Corbyn’s speech  
Some people to follow on Brexit@WomaninHavana and @JMPSimor - two best QC commentators on Brexit@AgataGostynska - who got all the complications re A50 right before anyone else@JenniferMerode - ongoing comprehensive news updatesand... 
Let’s make #Brexit the success we didn’t choose & promote that it should create a rainbow of opportunities for #Gibraltar & the #Campo so that the wealth our nation creates laps all the shores of the #BayOfGibraltar On that we stand ready to cooperate with the EU & our neighbours 
There’s nothing secret about my plot to stop Brexit. Here it is: Stop Brexit! 
Brexit is already exacerbating NHS staffing & finance problems... leaving CU/SM/EMA all disrupts medicines... and then US-UK trade deal serious threat to accelerating privatisation. 
."SNP's alternative Brexit Bill has passed its first hurdle at Holyrood, taking the Scottish & UK governments CLOSER to a constitutional crisis.". 
Gibraltarians voted overwhelmingly to stay in the EU. And yet, as Lib Dem leader @vincecable argues, they face the hardest Brexit of all  
Have you seen the new Brexit stamps?  
According to @BBCr4today Brexit is now the best thing ever to happen to Gibraltar and everyone has changed their mind. No evidence produced except one vague Fintech guy who doesn’t actually say that. 
'They are right' Arch-Remainer Anna Soubry sides with Donald Tusk in HUGE anti-Brexit rant. WHY have her Majority Leave Constituents not deselected Her?  
Gibraltar voted 96% to remain in the EU, yet #r4today still manages to find enough Leavers to give the impression it was a 50-50 split. BBC News and Current Affairs is nothing but a Brexit mouthpiece 
The Russians aren't coming...they are already here. Sabotaging our democracy and playing us for fools. If we #Brexit..#Putin wins a victory no Soviet leader ever achieved damaging us and the #EU. #Brexit is Russia's triumph.  
'People aren't going to change their minds!' Peer blasts Lords who want to DERAIL Brexit  
Our mission statement says we want the Labour Party to support full EU membership on current terms - with a mandate earned through an election or referendum. If we need to extend A50 as a first step, we should. It is essential we don't leave on March 29th.  
Ever wondered which gender #Brexit is? Obviously male, since 55% of men voted Leave, while 51% of women (and 80% of women aged 18-24) voted Remain. Happy #IWD2018:)   
I choked with incredulence on my cornflakes when BBC Today Programme asked for Charles Powell's opinion on Gibraltar and BREXIT. His answer was amusingly predictable - BLAIRITE & REMAINER! Hardly objective! 
Excl: UK to promise Gibraltar continued access to UK financial markets after Brexit. NB this matters not just to the Rock but also to the 1 in 5 UK drivers whose cars are insured by firms in Gibraltar.  
Just one of many reasons to oppose Brexit. Theresa May confirms EU Digital Single Market exit |   Support your local EU group. 
This alone is evidence that UK has paid a price for hard Brexit. For sure all hard Brexiteer financial donors to the Leave cause are hoping to make a huge killing out of the volatility that UK EU no deal or poor deal will do to the £ and stock market.  
As we prepare for Cabinet meeting this morning to finalise a referendum bill seeking to repeal 8th amendment & face up to realities encountered by Irish women which have been ignored for decades & trust women and doctors, check out my comments -  
Final result: a heavy majority (58%) believes the 2018 GE will be a referendum on the judiciary. (Despite PTI trendmakers tagging each other for the last 24 hours with “guys grab your keyboards & vote corruption”).  
BREXITLufthansa wants UK flights into Europe BLOCKED to teach 17.4 million Leavers a lesson. Carsten Spohr says "If we could prove to the British how wrong the decision was, that might be a good thing". Ryanair’s Michael O’Leary agrees with him.  
When the #Brexit referendum was announced, £1 bought 1.43€. As of March 7, 2018 at 07:50AM, £1 buys 1.12€. 
The EU’s Italy calamity is the UK’s big Brexit opportunity  
“Elite” is a word that’s not only used by right wing Brexiteers. Left wing Corbyn supporters like Owen Jones use it as a derogatory, generic term to silence anyone from the working class who threatens Corbyn in anyway, especially over Brexit.   
Brexit was a coup by corrupt politicians and bankers: Johnson, Leadsom, Mogg, Wigmore, Mercer, Banks, Hands, Davis, Farage, IDS, Fox, Redwood, Gove, Dacre, Murdoch, IEA Snowden, Trump, Koch, Bannon, Hintze, Odey, Ashcroft, Hoey, Patel, Jeremy Hosking, Edmiston, Peter Cruddas 
Gibraltar must not be a pawn in negotiations. Conservative incompetence in Brexit negotiations has seen Gibraltarians, who voted 96% to remain, let down. Also making this point to @BBCJLandale on BBC radio bulletins this morning. 
This is the insane essence of Brexit. A government negotiating a deal that leaves a country worse off than before. I've never seen anything like it.  
The Conservatives have failed to take the tough stand needed over Gibraltar in Brexit negotiotions - the Spanish veto should have been forced down when it was announced a year ago:  
Yet to hear of any firm moving staff *to* Britain because of Brexit. (Brexiteers, spare me the 'good riddance' response).  
It's been pointed out that there were many forms Brexit could have taken that were less damaging, but the red line - freedom of movement - rules them all out.Proof, surely, that Brexit was never an attempt to 'improve our trade'. It was racism. No other explanation. 
VINCE CABLE: Tories must ditch red lines for the Rock  The best solution for Gibraltar, & for the rest of is, is an exit from Brexit. 
Why on earth are we doing this? What is the point? As far as I can see, Britain is guaranteed to be permanently worse off as a result of Brexit. It's clear, yet government is ploughing towards failure like an out of control juggernaut. #StopBrexit 
Today is #IWD2018  Let’s celebrate all the great women out there! But let’s also use today to make sure that #WomensBrexitConcerns are heard - they aren’t at the moment. Please share yours and encourage others to do the same.  #TanjasDaily #Brexit 
Brexit: the expensive, divisive and time-consuming process by which a country deliberately places itself in a worse trading relationship than it begins with. 
What are they hiding? Brexit blamed for latest delay in release of UK UFO 'X-Files' - Alien UFO Sightings -  via @alienufovideos 
Happening Now: The ARC Referendum passes.  
The apathy of the British public towards Brexit can no longer continue. Nearly 2 years of destroying our global reputation, pushed by the extremes of both political wings. Certainty abandoned for fantasy. Migrants trapped in limbo.No more sitting back. We're better than this. 
And we wonder why Trump, whose obsession with size is well known,  wanted Brexit...  
Recent Brexit plans call for a border with controls between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland. But, under a series of commitments, including the Good Friday Agreement, Britain has promised to keep that frontier open.  
"Children of Europe" looks ahead to the future of Britain, beyond Brexit and through the current debates over identity and immigration  
Tories vote to cover up secret source of massive Brexit campaign donation funnelled to DUP  via @LondonEconomic 
Growth 'more important than Brexit'  
Mike Russell tells MSPs there will be fields where Scotland will want to maintain "regulatory alignment" with EU, post-Brexit. "Prudent" to have power in bill for ministers to allow this, to "keep pace" with EU law  
And to remember that it is likely that only a fraction of UK Citizens in the EU27 that could vote voted for either Brexit or this government. 15/ 
I'd ask EU27 though to remember that many UK Citizens in the EU did not get a vote, either in the referendum, or in the election that brought us this government. 14/ 
Brexit: baby, it's cold outside - Tusk declared that "we don't want to build a wall between the EU and Britain". But that wall already exists. Mrs May has decided to place us on the outside. And, like the song goes: baby, it's cold outside...  #Brexit.  
To argue for it is to admit that it is desirable. A positive benefit. A right to be defended. Pushing for it is to admit that Brexit is denying something valuable and positive to all UK citizens. 10/ 
Astounding the level of disassociation between #Brexit Causation & Reality...Cognitive Dissonance abounds....MPs need to get a grip on this debacle & if they can't #StopBrexit alone then give it back to the Ppl in a #FinalSayForAll & we'll vote #Remain! 
Chatting to my bunk-mate in the hostel in Hull.He told me "Brexit or no Brexit, the world is f****d".I responded with a quote from one of my favourite TV shows: "If nothing we do matters, then all that matters is what we do..." 
UK could suffer a 'loss of trade' with around 40 countries on Brexit day, admits Liam Fox’s chief civil servantCountries with existing EU deals will be 'trying to get something else extra', says Trade Secretary's adviser.#StopBrexit #IAmEuropean #FBPE 
Don't sacrifice our futures! @Theresa_May WARNED not to use #fishing industry as #Brexit BAIT  #BBC #SKY @LBC #LBC @ConHome @CCHQPress #Tory @Conservatives #ConservativeParty @Jacob_Rees_Mogg #Conservatives #UK #Tories 
Watch: Philip Hammond, the UK finance minister, has warned that if the EU punishes Britain by restricting its access to its financial markets after Brexit, it will penalise all European companies and consumers, not just British ones  
If Brexit happens the US economy would become larger than the EU economy. At present the EU is second only to China in GDP. The UK economy would fall further down the list, losing the advantages of EU membership & becoming a 'third party' to all trading blocs in the world. Smart. 
Red or blue, both main parties want to leave the #EU only to keep us signed up to everything under another name. If we want a true #Brexit we will still have to fight for it! We need your support! Help us take on the establishment (again!) at:  #BBC #SKY 
In a nutshell...Brexit: the undefined negotiated by the unprepared to get the unspecified for the uninformed 
Having looked through the timeline of @jeremycorbyn I see a tweet on virtually every issue going, apart from the most important issue currently facing the country which is #brexit. Hardly a word on this.Surely we need a better opposition than this?#StopBrexit 
'@KateHoeyMP: "What the #fishing communities are very concerned about is that #fishing will be used as a kind of bargaining tool as it is obviously a crucially  important aspect of taking back control of our #fishingwaters"  #BBC #SKY #LBC @ConHome #BREXIT 
79 days to the referendum and I'm going to die of stress because men turn up to meetings to suggest things like Having a Spokesperson would be good, and We Should Talk to the Media, They Might Be Interested 
Mrs May @theresa_may, Mr Corbyn @jeremycorbyn, Mr Davis @DavidDavisMP, Mr Johnson @BorisJohnson your Brexit has unacceptable consequences. Tell Mr Sean McCarthy your Brexit is worth his business?  
Brexit: Euroclear confirms headquarters move from London to Brussels.The firm holds €29,000,000,000,000 of clients’ assets.Forcing euro clearing out of the City could result in up to 83,000 job losses, research shows.Just crazy. #StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
And @bbcnickrobinson's brexit advocacy is prompting many of us to ask "What is the point of the BBC?"  
#IWD2018 Bella Guerin (1858-1923), feminist, was the first woman to  graduate from an Australian university (1883). She was vice-president of  Women’s Political Assn and led the Labor Women's Anti-Conscription campaign during the 1916 referendum.   
new negative fact from hard Brexit every week. Who knew that UK animal well being is suffering from making EU citizens in UK unwelcome. Did all Brexiteer animal lovers vote for this unforeseen consequence?  
It’s much more simple than that: the UK can devise whatever post-Brexit hurdle it wishes. But in the end post-Brexit migration won’t be about who UK considers worthy “letting in”, but who will still want to come. For migrants choose the UK (or not), not the other way round.  
#BREAKING UK could suffer a 'loss of trade' with around 40 countries on #Brexit day, admits Liam Fox’s chief civil servant   
Brexit: It time to move on. The EU are not our friends as they've clearly shown. We've offered them money & thrown it back in our face & wanted more. I say walk away & never look back, for they are not friends, they are the scum of the earth! Never will Britain help them again! 
I joined the Labour Party because I believe in a fairer society, progressive politics and I am sick of the Tory status quo. Am so bored of people telling me I can’t be anti brexit but also support Labour... 
First #Spain investigated the referendum. Result: 0 euro of public money is spent on the referendum. Now Spain searches for traces of some 60 people and organizations in the accounting of #Catalonia. When is the waste of public money on these idiotic investigations investigated? 
Come on.This has gone on long enough.Just stop brexit & remain in the EU.And get rid of the Tories. 
EU chiefs LAUGH at Britain as Council REJECTS Theresa May's Brexit vision. Don’t humiliate us with your disdain. We will Leave No Deal, where will you sell yours Cars then?  
Attended my daughter's offers day at Cardiff University, where we discovered Erasmus-plus is only guaranteed until 2020 because of Brexit.Selfish vandals who voted leave had no idea what they voted for; they just threw stones in anger without caring who got hit. 
But Theresa May said "some accused us of treating EU nationals as bargaining chips. Nothing could have been further from the truth." It seems she was lying again!#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit  
#Brexit: Euroclear confirms headquarters move from London to Brussels  #BrexitReality Jobs and tax revenues will be lost - less not more money for NHS etc 
Remember all this Brexit confusion and crisis is not a government responding to an outside event/act of God/terrorist plot/foreign agency......but one they deliberately created and have not a scintilla of a notion how to see through. 
Don't you dare destroy my sons dreams by agreeing to any eu blackmail deals.West coast ports in the UK are becoming eu hubs.We must take back control and see our coastal communities thriving once again! @theresa_may @fishingforleave @CFAScot @ScotTories @michaelgove #Brexit  
You gotta love the irony. The regional parliament of Wallonia has a vote on the Brexit deal. Meanwhile the UK parliament is being muzzled, and the British people have spoken so now they have to shut up, whatever the deal will be.  
The Brexit success story continues  
I was Irish bored of Brexit, now I’m Irish Boreder 
As a result of UK governments prevarication over #Brexit, Goldman Sachs puts London staff on notice to relocate to Frankfurt by June, sources say #ProjectReality 
It is a disgrace that internal Conservative politics, rather than the best interests of the economy, are driving the Brexit process, says First Minister @NicolaSturgeon 
Oh, no Sir. There's no way we can include financial services in the brexit FTA. No-Siree. We've never done that before. Nope. It's not a done thing. No way to do it. Nope. Nada. Sorry.The EU are liars. Is anyone still fooled by these guys? 
9. In the days leading up to the referendum Latinos organized rallies and protests. Many of these involved waving the Mexican flag. It controversial move even then. Does any of this seem familiar to you? 
3. In 1994 California passed Proposition 187. It was a ballot initiative designed to  prohibit illegal aliens from using non-emergency health care, public education, and other services.  After voters passed the law by ballot referendum it was challenged in court. 
The same mainstream media outlets who DIDN’T report Jeremy Corbyn campaigning against Brexit now NOT reporting on the talks Corbyn and Labour are having on Brexit!#NotThe10pmNews 
All of my specialist materials come from EU, the irony is I have won back work previously lost to Poland due to EU derived RGF funding which enabled me to purchase the latest machinery. Brexit could finish me, anger doesn’t come close. 
Dear @DavidDavisMP, here's a clear and concise paper from 3 fab researchers at Sussex on the impact of 5 Brexit scenarios on 122 different sectors. In case you and @LiamFox are still having Microsoft Word/Staffing/Dog/Homework problems, Brexit is negative:  
Reminder: Kane in the aftermath of Brexit vs Chiellini  
Still one of our favourite ever pictures. “Malternative” . “Lat-me-out” . #Brexit  
Fiery farewell speech as a Wandsworth Labour councillor by Tooting MP @DrRosena. Taking apart the Tory record on Brexit, Universal Credit and education cuts  
Saudi despots and Russian gangsters are about the only people who seem to want to come to Brexit Britain. 
#brexit @acgrayling @mrjamesob The young girl at the end of Panorama didn’t see a problem with immigration and I suspect most young people don’t. The older generation are making a rod for her back. Robinson could have focused on that fact. 
This is just brilliant. Bird & Fortune pre-figure Brexit- in 1996. Thanks @garside66 for finding it.  via @youtube 
Dear Leavers. You won the referendum, we lost. But we will never stop trying to reverse the result. Get used to it. 
History will judge the key players in Brexit. The people most responsible are the leaders of the major countries and the EU suits who gave David Cameron nothing in negotiations. Small changes would have made a big difference but all he got was arrogant intransigence.  
Donald Tusk, the essence of Brexit: the first FTA in history that loosens economic ties instead of strengthening them. Trade will not be frictionless or smoother, it will be more complicated and costly. It will have negative economic consequences. Is it worth it? Hell no! 
European Parliament threatens to veto Brexit deal over Theresa May ‘discrimination’ of EU citizens For each time the EU demonstrate why we want to remain European, the UK government demonstrate why we are ashamed to be British. 
This shows exactly the nonsense that is Brexit.  The tabloid press (IMO) has made so many people think immigration needs to be cut, when in fact everyone deep down agrees we need immigration.  
Chiellini could stop Brexit. 
The Scottish Government’s Brexit bill has today passed its first parliamentary hurdle after its general principles were approved by MSPs. 
Hey Hammond: trying to threaten the EU on financial services won’t work. EU knows v well no deal Brexit hurts UK more. So you’re making an empty threat.  
In September 2014 John Redwood made this sinister threat in the Daily Telegraph against companies thinking of publicly supporting EU membership? Are such threats acceptable under the MPs' code of conduct? Did this threat alter the course of referendum?#StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
Donald Tusk rejects Theresa May's Brexit vision No cherries, no cake, just a big dish of reality. 
People voted for #Brexit for many understandable reasons. But #EU is not the real problem, and leaving EU is not the solution. Brexit a huge diversion of energy away from priorities like  housing, education, skills, infrastructure, regional policy. 
International Trade Minister Liam Fox's chief civil servant says that the UK could lose trade with around 40 countries on the day of Brexit. Agreements that Britain benefits from because of EU membership may not be successfully rolled over... #BrexitShambles #StopBrexit 
“As the Gov't’s chief trade negotiator C Falconer confirmed,even if countries do agree to continue the deals, many are likely to seek [better] terms .. because they know a Brexit-weakened UK will have no leverage whatsoever"Indeed.#brexitshambles 
Oh, and, of course, Tim Martin of Wetherspoons makes an appearance. At one point he jokes with an employee - someone suffering because of Brexit.“Where are you from Isabel?”“Spain”“I expect you came here for the weather! Haha!”Hoped that she’d tell him to “F**k off.” 
Don't underestimate the determination of hard Brexiteers to push it through irrespective of economic or human consequences sadly. British exceptionalism is a powerful force now unleashed by Brexit process.  
"My passion to halt the madness of Brexit comes not from a love of Europe, but a love of Britain, and a fear that we are opting for national economic, political and cultural decline"  
Just been reading up on getting products CE certified, but ended up on the European Commission web site, reading about UK /EU business exports post Brexit. Why any business leader would be supporting Brexit is beyond me. 
Public Image Of The EU Before & After Brexit Referendum By EU Country -  
.#Brexodus Preparations....."Goldman Sachs is moving a string of UK bankers to Frankfurt in what sources say could be seen as a "dry run" for the first Brexit-related moves by the Wall Street lender.". 
There still seems to be this delusional belief among certain Brexit supporters that  if we get rid of immigrants & strike a trade deal with Donald Trump pound shop jobs will pay 35k a year and everyone will have a 4 bedroom detached house.  #Panorama 
I have never been more determined in my life to fight anything so much as I want to fight Brexit. And I never cared about politics, really. It's nonsense and nobody wants it! Brexit needs to be stopped. 
Thanks a lot for such compliments which encourage me to fight on against Brexit & the British exceptionalist intolerance of all things EU including its politically voiceless citizens who came to the UK in good faith and now are regarded by some in authority as unwelcome migrants.  
Those critical of the @UKHouseofLords should watch #BBC #Parliament live now. The #lords are almost to a person standing up for the British people and British democracy opposing the power grab by this #brexit government. Thank you @LibDemLords and colleagues ! #brexitreality 
not one mention on #Panorama of the equal and opposite impact on free movement of UK citizens which follows Brexit. Should have asked the question "Would you like to cut opportunities for young people in Mansfield to move abroad?" 
Today's #DarkMoney cover up will be seen as a product of the Tory-DUP pact - questions remain about the DUP failing to reveal the source of the £435,000 received during the Brexit referendum.  
The problem with Brexit isn’t Britain - it's the European Commission  
In the event of another #Brexit referendum would the way you vote change? Please vote & then retweet for your followers. 
Pleased that progress is being made...Holyrood Brexit bill passes first vote - BBC News  
.@eucopresident said today that "a pick and mix approach for a non-member state is out of the question". I am thrilled the Brexit debate metaphors have evolved from cherries and cakes to FW Woolworth. Presumably next we'll have the EU insisting that it's never knowingly undersold 
2. Whatever the wording that emerges a maj in both the HoL & the HoC must now know that any #Brexit will seriously harm the UK. It must now be apparent that the only way final legitimacy can be conferred upon this course is by giving the People a #FinalSay with #Remain an option 
A point forgotten on #Panorama is that some of us moved say from Paris to London as others would have moved from Manchester to Brighton. We chose to move to another place legally & have kids etc. now we find ourselves strangers & even our children!! How can this be right? #Brexit  
."Arguably Brexit will change the status of Northern Ireland WITHOUT the consent of its people, which is the reason why it puts the peace agreement in such jeopardy.". 
Revealed! The 12 Brexit stamps to commemorate our glorious departure from the EU 
It was years of failure by then prime minister David Cameron and home secretary Theresa May that caused Brexit says @RichardAngell  
Tusk: “I fully understand & respect May’s political objective: to demonstrate, at any price, that Brexit could be a success & is the right choice. But sorry, it is not our objective.”A successful Brexit is unachievable. Let's #RenewBritain instead! 
Good grief?!The man who’s part of the government that failed to control both EU and NON-EU immigration is hailing robots! HE DOESN’T CARE ABOUT YOU!He and his Brexit chums want to avoid EU’s new Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive.BREXIT IS A CON.#BBCPanorama 
Liam Fox's chief civil servant admits UK could lose trade with around 40 countries on Brexit day Antonia Romeo said some agreements Britain benefits from because of EU membership may not be successfully rolled over#StopBrexit #FBPE 
>brexit>trexit>byenance>poloniexitwhats next guys i cant take it anymore 
Watching this #Panorama special about immigration & Brexit. UK government just wants high skilled foreigners in the future. But if you're a high skilled person, why on earth would you come to xenophobic Britain. 
Wow. This description of #Brexit by an Irish Times reader is one of the most cutting I've ever seen  
#Panorama A dumb woman from Mansfield voted to “come out of brexit”. Bloody hell. These people are so stupid 
Correct but PM May is not on the side of the Fishing families of UK as she stated "UK will share its fishing grounds with the EU". UK will get a Brexit in name only if PM May and Mr Corbyn get their way.  
In the coming months we are going to see more and more Brexit statistics. Behind these numbers will be tragic realities. Behind the job losses and inflation points - real people lying awake wondering how they’ll pay the mortgage or the rent. Brexit will hurt real people: badly. 
#Brexit: European Parliament threatens to veto deal over Theresa May ‘discrimination’ of EU citizens. 'Parliament will not accept discrimination against European Citizens who arrive during the transition' says @EP_President.#citizensrights 
EU want no change to the rights of their fishermen to fish in our waters (Which should be a UK red line) yet want to create barriers for our financial services industry (Also unacceptable). How May handles these threats is key to avoiding Brexit betrayal. 
BREXIT WOES: Goldman Sachs moves UK bankers to Frankfurt in 'Brexit dry run' / #EU #Brexit  
"We don't have to leave"  says @Anna_Soubry "The time has come - we have to stop this madness...everybody has to face up now to Brexit reality".  She's right - very very little time left.  
Nigel Farage - "The EU sells itself around the world as being a free-trading organisation. Actually, it’s not. It is a customs union, with a big tariff wall around it to goods that come into it all over the world." #Brexit  
 How ironic that UK regions would potentially get more EU support from cohesion policy after 2020 if UK stayed in the EU… many of which supported #Brexit. Via @CPMR_Europe 
David Jones MP - "I don’t think Blair & Clegg can stop #Brexit. If they were to make a real effort to stop Brexit then it would be a constitutional crisis."It would be showing contempt for the people of this country and the vote that they cast in June of 2016."  
I have no objection to the Tories putting forward the the proposal of an ultra-free market economy in a General Election. But instead they've tried to sneak it in under cover of #Brexit immigration & sovereignty concerns, and that I consider wholly criminal.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
As the UK remains in the grip of the far-right Brexit Ponzi scam, at least the Europeans can see what's happened, "Britain has fallen victim to political crooks"  
Sometimes I see hardcore leavers belittle my account saying it:- has less than 6k followers - it’s all just remainers pretending to be #bregretters- twitter is just an echo chamberBut how to they explain that for 6 months now polling shows U.K. public is against #brexit ??? pic.twitter.com/JqI4Frv1zE 
.@Anna_Soubry's constiuency voted for #Brexit. She stood on a manifesto to leave the Customs Union/Single Market. She's going against that. Below she has liked a tweet from Tusk against the UK Government Time to ask what she & @BroxtoweCons are upto. Do RT and/or ask them. 
Whenever we enumerate the deficits that Brexit will incur, Leavers insist that the benefits will outweigh them, but never quite get around to explaining which benefits they’re talking about. 
Don't sacrifice our futures! Theresa May WARNED not to use fishing industry as Brexit BAIT  
By taking the UK out of the SM and CU, this government will make our country less well off, less prosperous, that is madness! Be in no mistake mind, it won't be any better with Corbyn's Brexit, we are going to be worse off. No ordinary decent person voted for us to be worse off.  
If Brexit is all about the will of the people, how come we can't have a #FinalSay#Brexit #StopBrexit #Bollockstobrexit #StopBrexitSaveBritain #FbPE #BrexitReality #BrexitImpact 
It happened just after this awful attack. Anti good friday, Brexit Conservatives should be forced to watch these things. To remind them of what the agreement was for  
‘Brexit is the windmill in Animal Farm. Everything must be dedicated to its erection and the project must never be questioned’  
The Human Rights Commission of United Nations expresses "dismay" at Spanish police violence during independence referendum. Find out more   . 
Britain will have borrowed an extra £60 billion by 2020 because of #Brexit.Put that on the side of a bus.  
Donald Tusk calls on Theresa May to rethink Brexit red lines or face 'economic consequences' DONT Threaten US!  via @Telegraph 
The Daily Mail in January 1973. If they have the right to change their mind, then so do the people of Britain.#Brexit  
The UK government is banning the Electoral Commission from publishing details of donations to Northern Irish parties during the Brexit referendum:  #brexitdarkmoney 
‘UK could suffer a loss of trade with around 40 countries on Brexit,’ the Govt admits   
MUST-READ: Britain could suffer a 'loss of trade' with around 40 countries on Brexit day, admits Liam Fox’s chief civil servant  
Arts to lose £40 million thanks to brexit.... Is there a sector that won't be destroyed by this disaster?  
Good to see @ElectoralCommUK demanding that the government stops gagging them on Northern Irish donations during the Brexit referendum:  #brexitdarkmoney 
Why oh whyDid Cameron not wait until late 2017, his original deadline, with his wretched referendum? Macron would have been in place, the German elections out of the way and the nonsense that is Trump plain for all to see?Why oh why?#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Government Pushes ‘Barry’s Or Lyons?’ Referendum To 2021  
I can see which group of companies is more vulnerable to such a boycott  Didn't a senior MP and former Minister make comments about Brexit and the risk of a punitive boycott if UK companies helped Remain.  
The UK Government thinks that protecting the rights of UK citizens after Brexit is a job for the EU. They really couldn't give a monkey's, could they? (). #IAmEuropean 
With only 12 months to go until we are set to leave the EU, we need answers, not aspirations from this incompetent government. #Brexit is so far-reaching, so permanent, so over-arching that it will have an impact on all our lives, especially on the young and the future. 
Government accused of a "total betrayal" of EU nationals living in Britain who believed their future status had been secured post-#Brexit. 
The message I'm getting from #bbcnews correspondents tonight on #Brexit is the old showbiz adage 'Don't worry, it'll be all right on the night.' But, having worked in the theatre, I know it often goes tits up on the night. 
What I've been warning about since 2016 is now a reality. Very sad and can't believe this is what majority of Brits wants or voted for in Referendum. I suggest a #FinalSay on the Brexit deal.  
If this lot are #BritainFirst, I’ll wait, and go second. What a disgraceful bunch. And they call themselves patriots? They represent all that is wrong with Brexit and nationalism and exceptionalism. We are so much better than this as a vision for Britain  
Goldman Sachs starts to transfer some senior bankers to Frankfurt due to #Brexit"We’re starting to build infrastructure by making transfers & moving senior people to Frankfurt,” Joerg Kukies said#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Tories and DUP win vote to conceal party donations in NI until after referendum, general election, RHI spike, Assembly election. #WhatHaveTheyGotToHide 
White-haired men who will never be pregnant interviewed on #sixone about their opinions on the referendum to #repealthe8th Of course they are opposed. Give me strength. 
The refusal of the #May Government to face the devastating reality of #Brexit and all of its inevitable collateral damage is now frightening. I never imagined that I would feel personally threatened by my own country declaring war on itself. 
Tories Brexit talks shitPublic services cut to deathNHS underfunded Homeless growing Lives ruined Pathetic Normal day at office 
Could it be possible to loath this man even more ? Today, the #EU re-asserted that the fishing arrangements for shared access to fishing grounds will not change in the event of #Brexit. You lost #Farage ! 
But, seriously, Brexit pundits: what else should you do with cherries? 
Brexit in summary: shit sandwiches for everyone.  
BBC News - Holyrood Brexit bill passes first vote  
With the Tories in disarray over Brexit, surely time for the party to unite against the real enemy: Trade Unions. 
European Parliament threatens to veto Brexit deal over Theresa May ‘discrimination’ of EU citizens  
Have I understood this correctly? The #EU want access to our fishing waters post #Brexit but they don’t want to include financial services in an #FTA. They agree a transition period benefits both sides during which we have obligations but no say. And we’re cherry picking?? 
Indeed. Including a 9 minute interview with Lord Heseltine, and 4 mins with Bill Cash. Calls so far, one pro Brexit, one anti. So biased...  
Goldman Sachs Germany co-chief confirms starting to transfer senior people to Frankfurt due to Brexit. See Reuters exclusive:  
Today in Brexit Britain, I've had one conversation in which someone of (I think) Irish descent referred to a Jamaican as "a coloured gentleman" and one in which a West African referred to Travellers as "gyppos". Wrap your heads around that, *Guardian* readers. 
Government trying to keep source of £425,000 Brexit campaign cash secret  
#Brexit: What is missing is a concept, an architecture, a vision for how the future relationship can work. An Associate Agreement would fit the different elements for our cooperation inside a framework.  
#EUSuperHeroes Nominee No.11 goes to @mikegalsworthy "Co-founder of @Scientists4EU and tireless voice of reason on all matters #EU and #Brexit... Thank you, for your tenacity and resilience!"Go Mike! You're an inspiration!Nominate your EU hero  
The referendum was a vote for ‘what’ not ‘how’ and the ‘how’ really matters. The ‘how’ has no consensus, no transparency, no accountability...  just gvmt insistence that (an undefined) ‘it’ *must* happen.@FinalSayForAll .... NOT just the Tory party. 
When #Brexit happens and we leave the EU, many of the public statements that have been by made by prominent #Brexiteers, will immediately transform into lies. 
The gvt. must change course on its #Brexit strategy basing it on what is actually practically achievable rather than the demands of a right-wing elitist clique. It is likely to leave the country weaker and less prosperous and reduce our standing as a world power. 
Euroclear, the financial clearing house, has confirmed it is shifting the residence of its holding company from the UK to Brussels due to Brexit.  
"HAS #BREXIT BROKEN TUSK?" VIDEO: Watch the extraordinary performance today of depressed EU Council President.  CLICK HERE FOR VIDEO:  
Ruth Davidson claims SNP Govt wants row with UK over Brexit powers. Correct....and 62% of Scots are in agreement!  
The SNP are launching a wrecking bill on Brexit in a bid to cause constitutional confusion and chaos.  
As predicted, fisheries look like becoming a Brexit bargaining tool - those of the Scottish fleet who voted leave may find they've signed a suicide note. 
Where will you go now for yer cheap fights to the sun #Brexit voters? Reap what you sow, Twats.‘No more cheap holidays for Brits’: RyanAir threatens to ground planes after Brexit — RT UK News  
I'm pleased to announce that the four #Brexit "Border Slides 2.0" are now available on @QPolAtQueens.   
I will only vote for a Pro-EU party. I will not lend my vote to either @UKLabour or @Conservatives to be used as a mandate for Brexit.No BrexitThat is my red line! #abtv #fbpe #finalsay@Plaid_Cymru @TheGreenParty @Renew_Britain @LibDems @theSNP 
Continuity Bill passing first stage today important step in safeguarding Scotland's devolved powers.  While @ScotTories enable a power grab of @ScotParl powers, it is @theSNP that continues to stand up for Scotland's interests during #Brexit. 
Euroclear, a company set up in 1968 with 29 trillion in customers assets is leaving London and moving to Brussels.The GDP of the UK is 1.88 trillionFor f*****  sake stop brexit !!!#StopBrexit#StopBrexit2018#ABTV#remain#FBPE 
Completely scandalous. EU was saying this MONTHS before the referendum! Once the farce is brought to an end, has to be a public inquiry. The lies & misinformation - still going on now - are surely borderline criminal, inc dereliction of duty in office, lack of due diligence etc  
ScotGov's Brexit 'continuity' bill - the UK Withdrawal from the European Union (Legal Continuity) (Scotland) Bill - passes its first legislative hurdle at Holyrood. General principles of the bill agreed by a vote of 94 to 30. 
Today the EU set out their Brexit position for talks & surprise the EU has demanded they keep access to UK fishing waters after Brexit. For decades the EU bled us dry getting the majority of UK fish, destroying the UK fishing industry & using us to prop up EU fishing industries  
Brexit cannot be stopped.  By law.  
Tactically voting for @UKLabour in GE17 slammed the Tory majority but was still seen as an endorsement for a Brexit supporting party. If you love your country more than you love your party then do not give your vote to be used by May and Corbyn as the 'will of the people'  
It just occurred to me that this also solves the Irish border Brexit problem   
The EU says "existing reciprocal access to fishing waters should be maintained" after Brexit. Are they taking the piss?The restoration of our fishing waters is a huge advantage of Brexit. Any prime minister willing to give that up should be sectioned!  
No matter how long it takesNo matter how many anti-Brexit speeches are given, by whoeverNo matter how long EU procrastinate and take more moneyNo matter how many anti-Brexit buses there areWe Brexiteers are RESILIENT, will always bounce back, will always have the last laugh 
Outlined some reasons why I believe we need to repeal the 8th amendment today as I confirmed that Government will tomorrow finalise wording for a referendum to take place in May  
What Plaid Cymru is suggesting is that those who wish to keep their European rights of citizenship can do so while those who wish to renounce them are also free to do so says @JonathanPlaid. This has the potential to heal some Brexit wounds. #IAmEuropean 
The rolling out the red carpet for #SaudiArabia by Theresa MAy despite their brutal and inhumane war in Yemen shows that Brexit will make Britain turn its back even further away from standing up for human rights. 
Parliament has just voted to only reveal Northern Irish political donations from 2017 on. A vote not to reveal who gave DUP £435k for Brexit  
Quick column from me on the importance of cows in French politics and why wine is our Brexit:  
PROUD DAD ALERT. Just sat down for tea. Kids start fucking around. Tell them to pack it in. One of them replies with “pakis don’t come in tins they come through the EU and the sooner the papers are signed the better”. Tear in my eye & filled with joy. Brexit means brexit. 
‘Brexit BETRAYAL!’ Farage rages at Tusk’s EU demands for fishing access to UK waters  
The government wins the vote on Northern Irish transparency. But we won't stop demanding that they free the @ElectoralCommUK to publish what it knows about the DUP's Brexit donation #brexitdarkmoney 
The troubles with Brexit. Tomorrow's edition of The New European focuses on Ireland and the hardliners risking 20 years of progress.  
Manufacturers would have to “redefine the way we manufacture” if there’s No Deal, and the new customs system isn’t ready by Brexit day next year, says Freight Transport Association to Treasury Select Committee 
I feel similarly about South Wales, where I grew up. Decimated by Thatcher in the 80s and abandoned by successive govts since then, I fear the people there will find out how much worse life can get after Brexit. Just horrifying.  
Lots of coastal towns voted Tory in GE17 on basis of Brexit promises on taking our fishing waters back. Not to do so would be a big let down 
'We will have control!' David Davis insists fishermen will not be betrayed in Brexit talks  
Red or blue, both main parties want to leave the European Union only to keep us signed up to everything under another name. If we want a true Brexit we will still have to fight for it!We need your support! Help us take on the establishment (again!) at:  
Today's Brexit stories in a nutshell#FBPE 
BBC looking for new Ireland Correspondent - fascinating time to cover the island of Ireland, at heart of Brexit story. And my happiest time on the road was my 3 years there, a little while ago!  
In August 2016 I said fishing is the acid test of Brexit. @Theresa_May should find some courage and say we will take our waters back. 
Just taken a look at the rules on Exporting goods into the EU from outside the EU.I truly pity UK manufacturers post #Brexit. The paperwork will swamp them and add significant costs.#ProjectReality 
++Attention people in the North East of England++As a FTA deal now looks increasingly likely as the route #brexit UK goes down, heres a timely reminder from a NE native & Brussels expert @GuitarMoog what this means for the North East. You may want to sit down while reading this. 
Lord Adonis: "As this whole Brexit project starts to disintegrate nothing is undermining its moral foundations more than our inability... to give firm legal undertakings in respect of people who are resident in this country and came here in good faith."  
Talking about the BBC - just watched Anna Soubry get lots of air time on the News following Hammond's Press Conference. An immigrant Martian would have believed she was leading the Brussels negotiating team in the Brexit talks. Have they granted her asylum?  
As an FTA is confirmed as the only possible destination if Brexit isn’t stopped, I’m RT’ing this thread on what that would do to my beloved North East of England.UKGov, of course, couldn’t give a shit.  
Almost 100% of German herring and 60% of mackerel is currently caught in British waters, and one of the biggest processing plants is on Rügen, in Merkel's constituency. Her last chief of staff Peter Altmaier paid it a visit as soon as Brexit negotiations started in earnest. 
#Brexit: President Antonio Tajani and Parliament's Brexit Steering Group Coordinator Guy Verhofstadt hold a press conference following a meeting of the political group leaders and the President on future EU-UK relations. Live at 5.30pm CET →  
This cuts straight through - the #Brexit trilemma from @JohnSpringford May can have only two out of three... go on, give it a try. Gives you a headache soon enough. 
“I fully understand & respect Theresa May’s political objectives to demonstrate at any price that Brexit will be a success & was the right choice. I’m sorry, this is not our objective...”@eucopresident delivers the bad news to UKGov that reality is a thing after all. 
Speaking up for people - especially young people - in #Cardiff South and #Penarth in Parliament now on why we should *not* allow Tory UK Government to scrap their existing EU citizenship rights in the chaos of #Brexit @Open_Britain 
"Everybody has to face up now to Brexit reality."MUST-WATCH: @Anna_Soubry slams the Gov for not facing up to the realities of leaving the Single Market & Customs Union, which is a Britain that is less prosperous. Please RT: 
Govt confirms that free roaming throughout EEA is not certain after Brexit "Arrangements on mobile roaming would be subject to any negotiations; however, a future partnership between the UK and EU is clearly in the interests of both sides" adds 3 and Vodafone say will continue 
Why are Leavers so adamant we honour the promise of an out of office politician to carry out the result of what was deliberately held as an advisory referendum, when everything they said to voters during the campaign to narrowly win it were complete lies?  
A reminder of the folly that is Brexit.A reminder of the Groundhog Day in which we keep going round.A reminder it's time to emerge from the rabbit hole & #GetReal to actual consequences.It's time to #ThinkAgain #AskAgain. 
At its highest point only 17% of Brits identified as EuropeanThere was never widespread affective attachment to the EUThis is why the fundamentals always favoured BrexitThis is why you might ask why did Leave only get 52% ...  
I feel awful. I spent all morning worrying about Syria and then Brexit, when all the time this was the real story:Headline: Is it time we all unfollowed Kim Kardashian?   
85% of 18-24-year-olds want to retain their EU citizenship. They are the generation that will deal with the long-term fallout of #Brexit. #IAmEuropean 
How much more of project fear has to become cold #brexit reality or does it no longer even matter?  
Ryanair Threatens to Ground Flights and ‘Prove’ Brexit Voters Wrong, ‘No More Cheap Holidays’   
CRACKERS: Ryanair boss threatens to ground planes so Brits ‘rethink’ Brexit.Remoaners really have lost the plot now! 
This should be shared widely. @SebDance telling it like it is. It’s a pity that sensible MEPs, like Seb, don’t get invited onto @bbcquestiontime, and all we get is Hannan and Farage talking Brexit gibberish.#bbcqt 
#Brexit is the biggest issue facing the country in our time. This deal will define our future. @Theresa_May must put her trust in the public. Whatever deal she comes back with, the people must be given a voice. The UK must have a chance to #ExitFromBrexit. 
"The real beneficiaries are more likely to be New York, Singapore and Hong Kong" - Chancellor @PhilipHammondUK warns against fragmentation of London's financial market  #Brexit  
#BritainFirst were the bargain bin bucket of contemporary right wing anti Muslim anti migrant English hate. BUT they were energised by the broader xenophobic Brexit agenda and legitimised with Blue ticks & Trump retweets. Their downfall was gross stupidity. Others still thrive. 
Here's a graphic version of your excellent Brexit tweet without the limitations of 280 characters!  
In case I missed something, has anybody spotted a single concession that our crack Brexit negotiating team has forced the EU to make?Just trying to understand what "holding all the cards" means. 
I see no relevance to the EU Referendum any more.  It has been overturned by May's snap election: she asked the country to give her a mandate. They did not. Bribing the DUP is not a mandate it is shoddy and corrupt #politics #StopBrexit2018 
Hearing a lot people saying the Brexit negotiations are a damage limitation exercise. Very few people are making the claim that Britain will benefit. Reality dawning? 
Scottish Labour need a better Brexit spokesperson than Yer Da. This is cringeworthy approaching irresponsible. 
It’s been pointed out that a small handful of other companies supported Brexit, but the essence of the tweet remains!*must bullet-proof future tweets* 
My manifesto as a #Remainer - I will: not "get behind" or "get over" #Brexit work hard to stop it fight lies with truth hold Gov't accountable counter emotion with evidence act with humility, honesty & integrity#StopBrexitThx to @BritArmoRemainer 
So the good MPs of Wallonia get a final say on the Brexit deal, but the British people don’t. Where’s the taking back control in that?  
"It is possible to include financial services within a trade deal." Chancellor @PhilipHammondUK says it is in EU-UK's mutual interest to do so  #Brexit  
Alex Salmond's Video Diary: Donald Trump torpedoes Brexit, George Osborne and David Cameron have a laugh about austerity, and the point proven by a hero bus driver  
MEPs are set to deliver a blow to the UK’s hopes for research collaboration with the EU after #Brexit:  
‘Impact of Brexit has reinforced value and importance of Ireland’s EU Membership’ keynote address by Tánaiste @simoncoveney to @FranceIrelandCh - strong appreciation of the solidarity France , the EU, @MichelBarnier and #TF50 continue to show Ireland  #FutureOfEurope 
This will be the first trade deal in history to loosen economic ties, instead of strengthening them. Our agreement will not make trade between UK and EU frictionless or smoother. It will make it more complicated and costly for all of us. This is the essence of BrexitDonald Tusk  
Technology cannot make post-Brexit Irish border frictionless, says  queens university academic - even if available it can never do the full job   
Britain is beginning to understand the strength of the EU's negotiating power, Ireland's PM says  
Donald Tusk: “I fully understand & respect May’s political objective: to demonstrate, at any price, that #Brexit could be a success & is the right choice. But sorry, it is not our objective.”The brutal truth-now UK not an EU member its not EUs task to stand up for what UK wants 
I wonder how things might have panned out if the Remain bunch hadn't lied about Norway having no say in the rules and being under the ECJ? Looks like everyone is being rewarded in spades for their persistent ignorance and dishonesty. #Brexit 
Hey Fishermen, are you starting to see that perhaps Brexit isn't going to benefit you, and that WM never had any intention of putting your interests first.  
Theresa May has acknowledged that by taking the Single Market and Customs Union off the table, we will get less access to European markets, our biggest customer. No one voted to become poorer in the referendum.  
So Brexit means doing a new free trade agreement, so we can do less free trade?  
The EU have confirmed that UK fishing is the price of post-Brexit trade deal, says Mike Hookem MEP 
Donald Tusk - The PM has said the UK will leave the SM/CU. .. therefore it should come as no great surprise the only remaining option is a free trade agreement. Trade between the EU & UK will not be frictionless or smoother... this is the essence of #brexit.#FBPE #StopBrexit pic.twitter.com/y2SmKFtpLc 
Donald Tusk, the Transylvanian nightcrawler lookalike, is trying to play hardball with UK after #Brexit.Get used to a diet without fish, Count Duckula, our price just went up. #UKFishing is OURS. 
Your analogy for the next stage of Brexit involves people who ordered & were promised a slap-up feed with all the trimmings but got served a shit sandwich pretending that they knew it was coming & that it’s what they really wanted all along. 
Hard Brexit = hard border. Soft Brexit = hard border. No Brexit = Good Friday Agreement can stay good  
I haven’t bought a JCB since Brexit. 
Senior EU official confirms the regional Belgian parliament of Wallonia will have a vote on the final Brexit deal. Which we knew but is still fun to mention. 
Tusk: 'Im determined to avoid a particularly absurd #Brexit consequence - the disruption of flights between UK & EU" - That’s literally where EU is now, having to commit to keeping flights going in & out of the UK, because the UK govt wont, or cant, come up with any sort of plan. 
If Remainers want to boycott British companies that support Brexit, they only have to boycott Dyson, Wetherspoons and JCB.If Brexiters want to boycott British companies that are against Brexit, they have to boycott every company, except Dyson, Wetherspoons and JCB.  
They have deleted their poll #corbyn #labour #labourfail #conservatives #TheresaMay #PMQs #Brexit  
After months of private lobbying, Goldman Sachs decides it can no longer wait for #Brexit clarity and puts London staff on notice for German move by June - sources  
What Theresa May outlined in her speech was essentially the EEA relationship without calling it that, while ruling out the obligations that go with it. There was only one, very predictable, answer to that;No.#Brexit 
Any attempt to betray our fisheries must be met with the stiffest opposition. Our territorial waters can be a huge asset for Britain once more post-Brexit - using them as a bargaining chip is not an option!Read More:  
1/ Thread:  In a reply to me @CentristDada wrote that WW3 has started. It sounds extreme, but it isn't. WW3 is underway. It's not a military war. It's a war of fake news, political manipulation, big money, kompromat and subversion. #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit 
This is tantamount to a declaration of economic war on Britain by the EU. We must respond accordingly. Stop payments after Brexit, scrap the transitional period, cut taxes and regulation and enforce our territorial waters.  
On the basis of promising £350 million a week for the NHS, the UK Govt is implementing a #brexit policy which will in fact cost £40 billion and is expected to cause a hit of 8% to GDP. So glad we are getting rid of those unaccountable eurocrats though. 
#LBC Chuka Umunna back out doing the rounds trying to derail Brexit Flash Git. Never stops crying  about Brexit the idiot. No ones listening to you go away you bore. You had your chance to become Labour leader. You bottled it big time ok.     
I'm truly shocked and depressed by the amount of journalists, politicians and commentators on British TV still telling people that the Brexit negotiations are talks between equals, and that the EU27 will eventually "crack".It isn't, and they won't.#FBPE 
It's time the Tories threw in the towel. They have no idea how to actually govern, no idea how to negotiate brexit and the killing of their own citizens has to stop. Why are they clinging on ? Because Labour will see just how much they cooked the books. 
News Organisations: Can we please STOP saying "Breaking News" about the EXACT SAME statements Donald Tusk and the EU have been making for 2 years? Its only Breaking News if you have amnesia....or live under a rock..both of which are becomming more appealing by the day#Brexit 
Brexit - this is what will happen: Theresa May will say Britain can’t deal with a “bullying EU”.She announces “no deal”.She wins the support of hard Brexiters & right wing media who portray her as some sort of Boudica heroine.And tragically, Brexit voters lap it up.  
EU chiefs LAUGH at Britain as Council REJECTS Theresa May's Brexit vision  
Brexit: The undefined being negotiated by the unprepared in order to get the unspecified for the uninformed. 
Summary:1. Stop saying 'the will of the people' as though the people can never be wrong.2. The people are often wrong.3. And here's my conclusive, highly impartial proof:4. They keep voting Tory, and voted for Brexit.5. Talk about being totally wrong!6. That's all, folks!  
BBC News - Brexit means drifting apart but we don't want to build a wall - Tusk  I’m not getting at all how the EU think they can marginalise the UKs position on everything but still think they can retain full access 2 fish in our seas? 
Down at Royal Hallamshire Hospital wearing my #EU gear from @jeancoulson because the EU nurses 'n' dat deserve RESPECT init! You rock guys!!!! #Brexit or the #NHS... You can't have both!#StopBrexitSaveourNHS 
Donald Tusk:"This will be the first FTA in history that loosens economic ties, instead of strengthening them. Our agreement will not make trade between UK and EU frictionless or smoother. It will make it more complicated and costly for all of us. This is the essence of Brexit." 
On phone with family abroad:Bro: It’s all happening re Brexit eh! Jeez poisoning - Russians eh! Wonder if they were complicit? Hear you have the Crown Prince from Saudi Arabia over - complicated!Bro: anyway, what’s happening in Scotland?Me: we are at war with shortbread. 
Incessantly bemused by people pointing to previous examples of EU putting in place flexible arrangements for existing member states including UK as argument in favour of EU doing same for UK post-Brexit 
6 EU27 position is that treaty talks as such can't start before Brexit day. Davis in particular keeps claiming that a treaty as such can be agreed in principle by October. That was never going to happen. 
European Council wants to have its cake and eat it on Brexit guidelines - UKIP (Batten and Farage) 
There are no surprises in the EU draft agreement. Everything exactly as it was said to be. An FTA result is going to hit us severely across multiple areas.May has only one option, other than agree: no deal, WTO, and blame the EU.Brexit means either apocalypse or oblivion. 
The Brexit fairy tale from the land of make believe is well and truly over. Parliamentarians must be honest with the British people and protect our jobs, our prosperity & our futures that are diminished by the Brexiters false prospectus.#StopBrexit 
At no point since the Brexit referendum has there been the mass mobilisation for Hard Brexit normally associated with radical or independence movements with mass support.No UK Maidan. No Poll Tax style riots. No Brexit Solidarity strikes. No Indignados Brexit.Nothing  
David Davis lied to house of commons select committee meetingDavid Davis lied to a house of lords select committee meetingDavid Davis lied to UK Parliment Why is David Davis still a minister in charge of Brexit ?  
Donald Tusk says 'pick-and-mix' approach for the UK is out of the question. With all the compromises we'll have to make, is Brexit still worth it? #ShelaghOnLBC 
How can a future relationship be both as mandated by a referendum result and one still requiring "creative and imaginative" thought?One would have to be certain; the other could only mean there is a lack of current certainty.  
26.5% of the UK population - or 37% of the UK electorate voted in an advisory referendum fought on lies & precluding tax paying citizens from voting. This is a coup. #StopBrexit 
Had Brussels accepted Brexit meant the EU needed genuine reform, recognising that EU arrogance isn’t working, then maybe, just maybe, I'd fear a potential UK return to the EU – but the British people have never been cowed by a bully before, we're not going to start now. 
May asked for Hard Brexit, the EU27 responds with proposals for Hard Brexit. Nobody should be surprised. It simply clarifies and sharpens the choice. Will Labour be complicit in Brexit? Or can we find the courage to oppose it and lead the #Stopbrexit campaign. 
The EU is explaining to the UK that Brexit means Brexit. #BrexitShambles 
Why is this news?@eucopresident has said this since before the referendum took place.  
Serious question from a yank: why is everyone, even people who clearly are willing to challenge some of the other shibboleths here, avoiding the obvious one? Yes brexit will probably make the UK poorer and so on, but there’s something else. Dismantling the EU is a prelude to war. 
"The only remaining possible model is a free trade agreement" - @eucopresident Donald Tusk says he hopes future UK-EU relationship will be "ambitious and advanced" #Brexit  
This is most important political statement in EU draft guidelines for trade talks with Brexit UK. It says only deal available - a basic free trade deal - will have “negative economic consequences” for UK and EU - and that is price worth paying. @theresa_may seriously rebuffed 
Ruth "SNP disrespecting Brexit"ScotGov - standing up for Scotland that voted remain, protecting the powers they need to help prevent economic catastropheWestminster Tories - Dragging remain voting Scotland down the Brexit gutter whilst stripping powers that'd protect Scots 
Watching the reaction to Tusk's statement on Sky. The Tory and Labour guests are both ready to accept added friction to trade coz of Brexit. The Labour rep even said "I understand why people voted Leave". It's left to the "foreign Remainer" to say they're being naive.WTF#FBPE 
Unless we take back full ownership and control of our waters, Brexit will have been betrayed. Our coastal fishing communities have this one last chance.  
European Council president Donald Tusk says the UK cannot have the same rights or enjoy the same benefits as EU member states after Brexit and there can be no cherry-picking of participation in the single market 
Confirmation: Brexit heading for FTA.A reminder of the govt’s predictions of impact on growth of FTA in your area:NE: -11%NI: -8%W Mids: -8%NW: -8%Scot: -6%Wales: -5.5%E Mids -5%East: -5%Yorks -5%SE: -4.5%SW: -2%Lon: -2%Worst UK fall in 2008 crash: -2%  
'Biggest disaster to ever hit the City' Farage attacks Merkel and condemns Brexit deal  
Which Conservative Party would you rather have PM for the critical #Brexit talks?@Jacob_Rees_Mogg #Moggmentum @Conservatives #Conservatives @BorisJohnson #BorisJohnson @theresa_may #theresamay @DavidDavisMP #DavidDavis RETWEET & VOTE  #yourvoicematters 
The only way to avoid a hard border in Ireland and prevent a job-destroying hard Brexit is to stay in the Single Market and Customs Union. #LeaveWatch #NewBrexitFacts 
European Council president Donald Tusk says a free trade agreement will be the only option left if the UK leaves single market after Brexit and that the EU will aim for an "ambitious" free trade agreement 
Baby boomer Leavers seem to forget that before joining the EEC Britain lost an empire, was humiliated by the US in the Suez crisis and became the economic sick man of Europe. Or maybe they feel guilty, and want to redeem themselves in one last battle.#StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
Trade between Britain and EU is about to be "more complicated and costly than today, for all of us," Donald Tusk says."This is the essence of Brexit," he adds:  
Call it obstructive, call it unimaginative, call it what you like. Within days of the referendum the EU made it clear what its position was. It hasn't changed. 
"A pick and mix approach for a non-member state is out of the question" says @eucopresident Donald Tusk #Brexit  
Tusk: "I fully understand and respect Theresa May’s political objective to demonstrate at any price that Brexit could be a success and was the right choice. But sorry, it is not our objective." 
Currently, the Honda car plant based in Swindon sees 2 million individual component parts from 15 different EU countries enter its factory every single day. How would these complex supply chains be maintained under a ‘no deal’ Brexit? 
EU27 wants UK as close friend & partner and will enter talks on future with open, positive mind. But given UK red lines only an FTA is possible. It will be the first FTA in history to loosen, not strengthen economic ties. Drifting apart is essence of #Brexit. 
The fishing industry was sacrificed at the altar of EU membership once. If the gov't accepts the EU guidelines, it'll happen again. Fishing communities lost the most thanks to the EU and stand to gain the most from Brexit. Surely May can't betray them? 
Good negotiators don’t box themselves in - today's EU guidelines show why. The PM's red lines are getting in the way of a jobs-first, rights-first Brexit. 
Berlin's big gay sauna uses energy efficient heating which makes it eligible for EU funding. Somebody please forward this to the Brexit lot. I want to see just how many old straight white men can die of rage in the space of an hour.  
Scottish fishermen have always been a low priority for Westminster and successive UK Governments. Will be surprised if that changes during Brexit negotiations.  
Launching EU27 draft on Brexit future relationship, Luxembourg PM Bettel says “there are no winners, it’s about minimising losses” 
OUTRAGEOUS: EU’s Brexit guidelines want to prevent UK gaining “competitive advantage” and maintain ‘existing access’ to fishing waters. No. No. No.  
Would probably be the best moment in Championship history if a Wolves squad full of Champion's League players was pipped to the title by a hard-Brexit Neil Warnock team full of absolute shithouses.. 
Go girl! @dontbrexitfixit, she fits your descriptions perfectly!Labour MP brands Brexit 'the s*** cherry on the s*** cake'  
Davis says he doesn't trust the EU, so he will keep planning for a No Deal all the way to March 29th 2019. Personally, I wouldn't bother dealing with them, but I admire him for his persistence and positive outlook #Brexit #LeaveEU 
The #government is so focussed on its internal divisions that it is totally unaware of the EU’s motives in #Brexit negotiations, says @TomKibasi 
Tories are currently trying to block the public from knowing who gave the DUP £435,000 as uncovered by @AdamRamsay & @PeterKGeoghegan  Why? #DarkMoney #Brexit #SaudiPrinceNotWelcome 
On the way in which the government is handling the Brexit negotiations:Approve: 36% (+1)Disapprove: 64% (-1)via @ORB_Int, 02 - 04 FebChgs. w/ last month 
Brexit: EU rejects Theresa May's trade plan and warns UK will suffer 'negative economic consequences'  
The notion of the "Will of the People" is absolutely toxic to democracy as it delegitimises the core democratic right to oppose government policy & portrays opponents as "enemies of the democratic will of the people". It is a device of dictators & demagogues.#Brexit #StopBrexit 
The Northern Ireland business community seem to be close to endorsing the Irish Government's Brexit policy. What say the DUP?  
But Brexit is great, isn't it?  
"We are the party who are fighting Brexit. We are making it absolutely clear that we prefer Britain to be governed by an undemocratic supranational bureaucracy instead of its own Parliament and people."  
Philip Hammond today calls for financial services to be included in Brexit trade deal. Even the chancellor is now on message 
Tories seek to block move to reveal donations to DUP in EU referendum  
My amendment to the NI (Misc Prov) Act means donor info from Jan 14 could be published. No excuse for Govt hiding a period which covers: Brexit, 1 local govt and 1 EU election, 2 General and 2 Westminster elections from scrutiny. Tweet your MP: ask them to vote against this.  
'Meaningful vote' means Parliament can accept the deal and leave, or reject the deal and leave. David Davis is correct to point out that it is not a vote to overturn the referendum result. #bbcdp 
EU rejects Theresa May's plan for post-Brexit trade relationship  
Tories look set to try and block disclosure of just where the DUP secret £450,000 Brexit donation came from 
The @conservatives have repeatedly refused to rule out anything from a future Trade deal. Join me and over 15,000 others who have already called on @theresa_may not to sell Britain out after #Brexit.   
Have you ever had the feeling....you're being CONNED?#brexit pic.twitter.com/0SwYxWv8bn 
Hearing the phrase "You lost, get over it" is fair enough when my Monopoly based property empire implodes for the 736th consecutive time.When I'm told to "get over" Brexit however? No fucking chance. This shit is too important to simply throw in the towel.  
This is what the EU is calling for on post-Brexit trade with Britain  
To compare the lives of those who died in the trenches to #brexit is on any level wrong toput it mildly.As for 'We the people'? The people voted brexit as they voted in in the 70's.Respect democracy please. 
#5things-Cohn resigns-Trade war worries increase-Markets drop-Brexit demands-Coming up 
Since there’s a lot of #Brexit discussion today, it’s probably a good time to repost this from the BES. Social media is a great tool, but its demographics make it very unrepresentative  
Bloody EU, defending the livelihoods of European people.After Brexit, we’ll take back control and have a ‘bonfire of regulations’, scrap our tariffs and let the US walk all over us. That will show the ‘protectionist’ EU!  
The Government is refusing to reveal who's been donating to Northern Ireland's political parties BEFORE July 2017 - excludes the EU referendum period. This transparency CAN go back as far as 2014. Refusal NOT good enough!  
There can be no meaningful democracy if people are denied the information they need to make their decisions. The very fact that the government is seeking to curtail democracy by witholding vital information is reason enough on its own to cancel #Brexit.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Imagine the Scottish government having to defend itself from Westminster due to a Brexit Scotland never voted forThat's the "Union" we're gonna be left in 
Remoaner O’Leary has threatened to ground Ryanair planes in a desperate attempt to blackmail Britain into reversing Brexit...Has he not learnt yet that the British people don’t take too kindly to threats from big business? #BoycottRyanair 
Lufthansa boss Carsten Spohr, boss of Lufthansa, says it's only when flights are disrupted that "you’re going to persuade the average British voter they were lied to in the entire Brexit debate". See my note for @InFactsOrg  Thanks FT's @MehreenKhn  4 quote 
My recent Speaker’s Lecture on Brexit is now available to view on @YouTube: “Out of the EU the UK will have more influence in the world. We voted to be a sovereign people again”:  #Brexit  
Episode 5 of the Cakewatch Podcast with me and @ottocrat is now out. Why not fill those lonely midweek hours between episodes of better and more professional Brexit podcasts with some cake, and maybe even a few cherries?  
Brexit: EU Parliament sets out stance on future UK relations  
Here you can read in full the letter by 19 cross-party MEPs calling on Boris Johnson to condemn the dangerous and harmful hostile language on #Brexit and #EU27: Report by @Independent here:  
EU vessels catch 8 times more fish in UK waters as UK vessels do in EU waters, 780,000 tons vs. 90,000 tons:  #Brexit 
Very pleased to welcome Supreme Court judgment. Now on to referendum #repealthe8th 
“Early figures from the Russell Group universities reveal a 9% fall in non-British EU students starting postgraduate research courses in 2017-18, compared with last year.” #Brexit  
Now we can get on with allowing the people of Ireland have their say in a referendum this May. I will now bring the Referendum Bill to Cabinet 
Just in: The EU has rejected the UK's plan for a post-Brexit trade relationship  
It's down to Irish voters to cast their ballots in the May 25th abortion referendum to either defend pre-born girls & boys constitutionally recognised right to life, or allow it to be stripped from them so they can be lawfully killed. Battle is on #JoinTheRebellion #SaveThe8th 
Strange to see David Davis backing a trade deal with "zero tariffs on services", given that services aren't subject to tariffs. Our Brexit secretary should really know this stuff.  
4. The one thing which will not delay or revoke Brexit is the incompetence of the UK government or the increasing absurdity of the UK position.Brexit will not stop just because it is full of contradictions, or because the UK is clueless.Makes no difference.Conveyor belt. 
NO: EU Parliament resolution pushes “binding” role for European Court of Justice post-Brexit. Totally unacceptable!  
I welcome the clarity offered by today's Supreme Court decision and look forward to continuing the process of putting the 8th amendment before the Irish people by way of referendum. 
2. Brexit is coming.On 29 March 2019, the UK will depart from the EU by automatic operation of law.Withdrawal agreement, or not.Whether you like it, or not.There are three ways this departure could be postponed/delayed or cancelled, but none of them currently seem likely. 
David Davis says MPs' vote on the final deal with the EU will not be able to stop #BrexitOnce again the government is making a mockery of democracy & Parliamentary sovereignty.Let's kick these enemies of democracy into the dustbin of history.#StopBrexit 
1. A short thread to remind you of where we are on Brexit. 
Oh no, the Ryanair boss is threatening to ground his planes in an anti-Brexit sulk. And the worst part is that it will only be temporary. 
UK can expect to be much more of a bastard after Brexit. pic.twitter.com/2bloI4Qs1r 
Compare and contrast - this from the 18th Feb  with today when she is slavishly backing the UK Tories against Scotland.  The “defiance” lasted 3 weeks!  Ruth Davidson ready to defy UK Government on Brexit  
I’ve just imagined what a New Statesman revival would be like with B’Stard involved in Brexit negotiations & I now miss Rik even more. 
Labour MP @Alison_McGovern brands Brexit 'the shit cherry on the shit icing on the shit cake'.Not a cake I want to have or eat.  
I wonder why Brexit happened...  
#FBPE friendsI want to use my time promoting anti-Brexit legal actions, donations to crowdfunding, signing petitions etc. I do tho need ur help to build my #FBPE Followers to 5k as I've hit the 5k limit. Plse RT this request so I can build out from here. Thanks  
Tories seek to block move to reveal donations to DUP in EU referendum  Why won't UK government let us know who gave the DUP £435k for Brexit? 
Chancellor Philip Hammond is calling for financial links with the EU to stay after Brexit - but former WTO chief warned that the Tory plans were 'vague' and any deal will leave Britain worse off... #BrexitShambles #StopBrexit 
Choose your flights carefully folks, we hear EasyJet has some great deals! Ryanair boss threatens to GROUND planes after Brexit in plot to force voters to ‘RETHINK’   
UK academic staff are told to save more for pensions and 'be sensible' when1. we've had under-inflation pay rises for almost 10 yrs2. our employers have gone on a leveraged spending spree3. the UK govt is trading future economic security for BrexitWho's sensible? 
'@LegaSalvini blasts Brussels for its "sheer stupidity" in the Brexit negotiations and rightly points out Italy - like most EU nations - have a trade surplus with the UK and "don't want to hurt [their] own client". Quite right!   
The absolute state of things when you’re tweeting about flags on tins as you’re letting your Westminster masters destroy the country with Brexit.   
David Davis has been Brexit Secretary for 15 months but his article in the Times of Malta suggests he still does not have a grip on his job. He wants a trade deal that imposes zero tariffs on services. But there are no tariffs on services.  
It's amazing that with every passing week, Brexit somehow seems like even MORE of a bad idea than the week prior.  
Every NI party from 2014 onwards knew large donations could have been published. Excuses for not backdating are bogus. Overwhelming public interest in full transparency, esp around Brexit referendum 
Brexit is the First World War all over again: a stupid, destructive, utterly unnecessary waste. Led by donkeys.But this time we the people will stop it. 
Brexiters who claim that Remainers have no right to oppose #Brexit are supporting the form of plebiscitary dictatorship which was pioneered by Napoleon and used by Mussolini and Hitler to put a democratic gloss on their elimination of democracy.#StopBrexit #Brexit 
Ryanair’s CEO shouldn’t look to punish Brits by grounding its planes in order to persuade people to ‘rethink’ Brexit - we’ve already seen that voters don’t take kindly to threats from big corporations  
Fruitful meeting with PM in waiting Jeremy Corbyn over #Brexit. We both agree on the need for more immigration. He needs more voters and we in EU want more New Europeans to stop far right populism. #IAmEuropean 
Very cool that five years from now the right wing press will be annihilating a labour govt for every shuttered business, lost job, scrapped service and diplomatic indignity Brexit will deliver and the Tories will deny any of it was their idea. 
Today at 13h15 in Luxembourg I will present my draft guidelines for the future EU-UK relationship after #Brexit. 
"I don't view a meaningful vote as overruling the referendum if that's what you mean" @DavidDavisMP  
Ryanair's Michael O'Leary threatens to ground planes after Brexit to make voters 'rethink' withdrawal  #Brexit  
Bloody EU, stopping multinational corporations ripping us off with extortionate roaming charges!After Brexit, we’ll go back to the good old days, when using our phone abroad cost more than the holiday itself. 
Nadine Dorries takes the fascist view that a referendum delegitimises all future democratic opposition to a policy. Thankfully the UK is still a democracy and we will fight to keep to so. #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit  
What is the difference between Michael O'Leary and God?God doesn't walk around Dublin pretending to be Michael O'LearyRyanair boss threatens to GROUND planes after Brexit in plot to force voters to ‘RETHINK’   
READ: UK's trade with 70 countries will 'fall off a cliff edge' after Brexit unless Gov acts urgently, Int Trade Committee warns warn  
Daily Briefing: - Italy's Salvini stakes PM claim- Royal welcome in Britain for Saudi crown prince- Tusk presents Brexit trade deal guidelines 
May 'double-cherry-picking' on Brexit, says leaked EU report  Enough talk now lets walk. My kingdom for a PM with the guts to tell the undemocratic EU "enough is enough". 
.@DCBMEP: The EU may now be taken aback by our far-sighted Brexit plan  
the great mystery of Brexit in its current form: where is the rationality? Is there something the Brexiteers know & we don't? Have they shorted the UK economy/ Sterling? Or they working for someone who has? Even a crazy conspiracy theory makes more sense than their current policy  
#UKIP announces it is on the verge of bankruptcy. Happy day! Let's hope the end is quick. Then, we can focus on bankrupting #Brexit. 
Surprised that UK press is only picking up the #Brexit #roaming implications *now*. This has been a pretty obvious consequence, as reported by @MLexclusive for... err... 24 months or so. 
Brexit: MPs warn trade with 70 countries could 'fall off cliff edge' if transition plans not clarified soon - Politics live  
Another example of @borisjohnson being proven to be wrong on his promises. Back in 2016, during the #Brexit referendum campaign, he said the border would be “absolutely unchanged”.  
Matteo Salvini, leader of the Northern League, has vowed to remain close friends with the UK after Brexit.Demanding Brussels does not punish the UK, he said: “Great Britain is a friendly country with a long tradition of trading with Italy.”  
Ryanair's Michael O'Leary threatens to ground planes after Brexit to make voters 'rethink' withdrawal 
You are talking biscuits while your party is threatening the livelihood of almost every business in Britain, because of Brexit.We are on the edge of calamity because of your selfish Tory Party.  
Theresa May has confirmed that the UK will not be part of the EU’s Digital Single Market following Brexit, removing benefits including the abolition of mobile roaming fees and restrictions on retailer geo-blocking.  
#ENF @matteosalvinimi on Brexit. Told you he supports Brexit, wind of change sweeping EU. As I told tripartite mtg of HoC, HoL and MEPs this week. While @guyverhofstadt trolls UK Gov, we’re winning. 
Once upon a time BBC Panorama would be asking "What is the point of brexit?"  
Delighted to support my friends at @Plaid_Cymru in their #EU debate today. I’ll be speaking on behalf of @theSNP at the rally outside Westminster Parliament after 11 #IamEuropean #Brexit #FBPE 
Today I will lead a @Plaid_Cymru debate in Westminster calling for UK nationals to keep their EU citizenship after #Brexit. #IAmEuropean 
Finally Brexit sorted.  
Happy Birthday to Rik Mayall. Rik would have been 60 today.I grew up watching Rik and loved The Young Ones and Bottom. Rik is very much missed in this world of doom and gloom. Imagine what Alan B'Stard would have thought of Brexit #RikMayallDay #RikMayall 
Fuck me it's a massive news day. Russia, Brexit Trump - huge developments taking place all over the shop. 
The Scottish Parliament and Welsh Assembly are both considering legislation to defend devolution in principle and practice from a brexit-pretext power grab. Was this the brexit anyone voted for?  
Tories seek to block move to reveal donations to DUP in EU referendum  
#PhilipHammond's #Brexit pitch is set to be rejected before he's even made it”-@Brexit#Brexitanniccartoon-via @MarieAnnUK 
Trump declares war on Brexit - my column in this week’s @TheNewEuropean, out tomorrow. 
"AMs have voted to fast-track a law to prevent what Welsh Government ministers have called a post-Brexit "power-grab". (stage 1 of Scottish equivalent bill being debated today)   
Two of Scotland's top constitutional lawyers have backed the Scottish Government on its alternative Brexit Bill 
Reminder:In the big 'Shall we stay in the EU?' referendum of June 16, only 35% voted to Remain. 65% did not 
Hey @DefraGovUK - I’m down in Westminster tomorrow. Let me know if you’d like me to pop in to chat about this whole #Brexit thing. It may be a two-cup conversation, but I think we could get it straightened out...  
'I am European - a Welsh European - and no government, no state and no Brexiteer should be allowed to take that away from me or anyone else'@Plaid_Cymru calls for UK nationals to be allowed to keep their EU citizenship after Brexit 
Excuse me!  As a UK citizen living in EU27 NOT being allowed to vote in a referendum that effects myself and my family far more than yours makes me feel that my own government considerS me and my needs as  an afterthought!  You have abandoned us! LITERALLY! 
So close..let's do it by Friday : Petition: End the export of live farm animals after Brexit.  
Twenty months on from ref and the UK is as far away from a #Brexit deal as it was the day Mrs May's prematurely triggered A50For 4 million EU in UK and UK in EU, we live daily with the uncertainty of whether we'll be able to continue to live in our homesShame on you Mrs May 
Tories seek to block move to reveal donations to DUP in EU referendum  
if anything, Frankenstein is the sort of future Brexit success story we should all be talking about - plucky UK scientists making breakthroughs when freed from stifling EU red tape like "ethics" and "not desecrating corpses" 
Who Should We Let In ? Care workers? Chefs? Lorry drivers ? Bricklayers? That's the question at the heart of a post Brexit immigration system but the government has yet to start answering it. I'm asking it on @BBCPanorama tonight at 7.30 pm 
Great thread by @WomaninHavana  - if Theresa May really wants to reunite the country an essential first step is to start being honest. And other politicians need to say loudly “Brexit is based on blatant lies”  
#r4today Pascal Lamy really has produced _the_ simile for explaining the impossible complexity of #Brexit, it is "like trying to remove an egg from an omelette". 
A bit of good news about #UKIP for #HumpDay!#WATON #FBPE #StopBrexit #Brexit  
Tánaiste @simoncoveney and Minister of State @HMcEntee host a #Brexit Stakeholders Forum in Iveagh House this morning.  
'Sheer stupidity!' - Italian election 'winners' DEMAND EU change Brexit negotiation stance  
Euroclear, one of the world’s largest securities depositories, is to move its holding company from Britain to Brussels in preparation for Brexit  
Spare a thought for those who believed in Trump,  thought Brexit was a good idea and noticed nothing bad about Putin .They SHOULD be wondering if their choice of friends and other decisions in life have been any good#WednesdayWisdom 
Scotland's Brexit minister @feorlean has been saying this for months. Now a top civil servant says that there is no one at Westminster who "gets" devolution. Not great time for this to happen #Brexit  
Brexit already makes me sick to my stomach, it is being driven by ill informed ideologues, fantasists and xenophobes who have no wish to benefit the country, only themselves. Their Brexit is undeliverable, while they fiddle, our future burns.#dontbrexitfixit #StopBrexit 
'Sheer stupidity!' - Italian election 'winners' DEMAND EU change Brexit negotiation stance . “Great Britain is a friendly country with a long tradition of trading with Italy. 
“Brexit isn’t worth it: announcements by Theresa May and Donald Trump in the last few days have made that much clear” | my latest @Independent column 
UK's trade with 70 countries will 'fall off a cliff edge' after Brexit unless Government acts urgently  
Brendan O’Neill standing in for Trevor Kavanagh in The Sun this week:“As we head into the next round of Brexit negotiations, two things have become clear: the EU is more ruthless than we thought, and our political class is too supine to stand up to it.” 
Let’s start a list of all the traitors trying to stop Brexit.1/ O’Leary from Ryan Airlines2/CBI3/Bank of England4/ House of Lords5/Labour Mp’s6/Vince Cable7/Nick Clegg8/Sky Tv9/ BBC10/Heseltine11/Osborne12/Corbyn13/Chuka Umanna14/Anna Soubry15/Tv CelebsAdd to list 
Went on @BBCHARDtalk and talked about why I chose politics, my OCD, Afghanistan and the future of the conservatives post-BREXIT.. watch the whole thing here:  
New podcast alert! Myself and @AndreaHoran bring you Don’t Stop Repealin’ @dontstoprepeal, your weekly #repealthe8th podcast between now and the referendum. First ep drops next week.  
ITALY: Eurosceptic election winners push back against EU’s hardline Brexit stance.“You made a free choice with Brexit and I very much hope that it will be possible to maintain completely open trade with the EU without any penalties.” 
FFS-Irish PM Varadkar said last year that U.S.-Canada border can’t be a model for the Irish border as it has guns dogs & checks. That hasn’t stopped PM May this week touting it as an option, & Brexit Sec David Davis repeating the idea again on Tuesday. ARE THEY NOT LISTENING? 
This leading EU politician explains why Britain will 'logically' rejoin after #BrexitIf — & it's a big if — the UK wants to keep the GFA, the only satisfactory option is full [EU] membership," Lamberts said. "That is the only logical conclusion."#FBPE 
I have a piece on Brexit and the Border in the Irish Times today arguing the UK and Irish governments are now boxed in and will find it hard to compromise (this is journalism rather than academic work, I am still on strike)  
Professor John Hardy, on Brexit: “An unmitigated disaster for science and an unmitigated disaster for the health service”But sure, listen to those men of the people, Farage, Rees-Mogg & Boris. #NHS 
Time to find airplane mode again: Roaming charges may be back after #Brexit- my story here.   
Unionists using the Brexit catastrophe as an example of why not to pursue independence are disingenuous. The choice for Scots isn't to compound one uncertainty with another, but to make a choice; a path of England's choosing or one of our own 
Brexit and “taking back control” will mean being even more reliant on the support - on the whims - of Saudi and Trump. 
Interesting that the very same people who are whining (wrongly)that they won't be able to visit Europe so easily after Brexit are now whining that they don't have a passport to show as voter ID. 
"I think it's in our interests - not for a long period of time - that the aircraft are grounded” says foreigner who wants to teach British people a lesson about Brexit. Well I think it’s in our interests - for a long period of time - to boycott Ryanair.  
Thank you @Femi_Sorry, I don't think people realise that those of us living in the EU are going to have to apply to the authorities for permission to continue to live in our own homes post #Brexit, come what may.  
When an old tree moves, it sounds like 'The election may prove to be a referendum against judiciary:  “We must resolve this contradiction of a state-within-state ... warned against attempts to roll back 18th Amendment. Farhatullah Babar ' 
Ryanair boss Michael O'Leary threatens to ground planes post Brexit. Let’s boycott the fecking idiot!   
Britain's trade with 70 nations is at risk of falling off a "cliff edge" without a Brexit deal, MPs say  
A couple of big votes today. First: Govt will try to block a change in the law that would reveal the source of a £425k donation used to fund Brexit adverts in the EU referendum campaign. Govt want to backdate the rules only to last year, against advice of Electoral Commission 
History will judge Arlene Foster to have been a major player in the fight to save Brexit and in the defence of the territorial integrity of the United Kingdom.   
This is detailed and damning. There’s no way UK can manage a frictionless border in Ireland while outside Single Market & Customs Union. #Brexit  
British consumers may have to pay roaming and data charges when travelling in the EU after Brexit  
Just a reminder that the UK has 759 other agreements to negotiate in addition to the “open skies” one due to #brexit. If every country behaves like the US - & why shouldn’t they? - thats 760 worse agreements than we had in the EU. You enjoying this feeling of control now leavers?  
Ruth Davidson urges Theresa May, who supported Remain, to stick to her principles by forcing through a hard Brexit.Makes you wonder what the Tories would be like if they “didn’t” stick to their principles.  
#TheresaMay 'double cherry-picking' on #Brexit, says leaked EU report : 
Who the hell does David Davis think he is?   He has no right to tell Parliament what it can and can’t do. If it wants to stop Brexit, it can and it will.  
Brexit and Perceptions of Community [THREAD]When I talk to Leave voters, particularly in the North, the conversation invariably comes back to one issue: community.In addressing this issue, it's crucial we highlight the impact of decades of Conservative and Labour government. 
Morning Britain! #Brexit - Leave & Thrive   
EUs *always* made it clear if the UK leaves the SM & CU there can be no free access for banks & financial services. Those are the rules.Nonetheless, as May's govt is rebuffed again today, Brexit loonies will blame the EU for trying to punish us.Embarrassing.#r4today @LBC 
"READ THIS AND WALK" - Exclusive #Brexit analysis of newly-leaked EU document.  READ:  What more will it take before the UK walks away? 
'Naive' Liam Fox is risking trade 'cliff-edge' with 70 countries after Brexit, MPs warn  So busy concentrating on deals they want to win it seems the Brexiters forgot about the deals they might lose! 
In the same week the DUP favourably cite the GFA over Brexit too. Players in Ireland choose who to represent. Not Unionist politicians nor misguided IFA employees.  
We need to persuade people to vote for @LibDems candidates in May.  We have the power to stop brexit if we tell people to stop living in the past because, if they keep talking about the LibDem /Tory coalition instead of voting LibDem,  then brexit is their life destroying future  
."A large squadron of chickens is coming home to roost around Brexit.". 
Serious question & poll. Please vote and RT. Will the general election 2018 be a referendum on: 
May 'double cherry-picking' on Brexit, says leaked EU report . Strange the EU understands what the Tories are doing but many of the British public don’t, thanks to the Tory press and BBC. Stop this Brexit madness. #FBPE 
General election may prove to be a referendum against judiciary: Farhat Ullah Baber  
It annoys me that MSM is spinning Populist parties as somehow evil, when all the word means is "a political party seeking to represent the interests of ordinary people".The Press are the mouthpiece of the rich, not the people. Put your sunnies on people.  #Brexit & #LeaveEU 
Thread from a wise and deep thinker on Brexit.  
Spoiler alert: it is not the same one UKGov has. European Parliament outlines its post-Brexit vision  
I don’t care that 37 per cent of the British electorate voted for Brexit. That is no reason to allow May to ride rough-shod over Parliamentary democracy. 
It’s sad to see Sen Farhatullah Babar deliver his last speech in the Senate be4 retiring.He was a saving grace for the Parliamentarians abt whm the less said the better.He gave an apt warning abt the clash of institutions & not letting the GE2018 become a referendum on Judiciary 
Hammond knows EU27 will never buy his ‘in our mutual interests’ appeal. Govt knew it a year ago. It’s a sham, for UK-public consumption only. Govt desperate to be seen as victim. Battle soon on between MPs who must somehow stop Brexit, & hard-right fanatics who want to crash out  
I don't understand this. Labour is supporting referendum implementation & not asking for a #finalsay. It is not the party of #remain - AT ALL.  It may have maj of members who support #remain - & of voters, but it supports #leave & isn't changing.  1/2 
Brexit would perhaps be palatable if it was propagated by brilliant minds. But look at them, these brexiters: all second raters, mediocrities. None of them brilliant; many are charlatans, if not outright shysters. Are these the people we have to follow into a bright new world? 
Roaming charges may be back after Brexit  
@JulieBishopMP hardly ever likes a tweet, but she liked this one. StottDespoja is a former Senator in Australia's Parliament. Her being at Westminster during the inquiry into #Brexit interference is no accident.We are backchannelling the f*ck out of this@FelisDave@LouiseMensch 
The Filthy Flag of the #EU is falling & the National Identities of #Europe are rising all across Europe & there's nothing the corrupt EU can do to stop it! We salute the the young people of #Flanders! #BREXIT!  #BBC #SKY #LBC @ConHome @CCHQPress #UK #TORY 
One of Pakistan's most respected leaders, Farahatullah Babar, retires from the Senate with a strong speech, warning the judiciary that 2018 elections could become a referendum on them if they interfere in politics.  
In May, Ireland plans to hold a referendum on whether to allow unrestricted abortion up to 12 weeks into a pregnancy.  
Brexit: bypassing the UK - things don't look good for Mrs May. She has invested heavily in her "road to Brexit" speeches and she is no further forward than when she started. Meanwhile, the "colleagues" are looking for other ways...  #Brexit.  
“#Brexit is a golden opportunity. A sharp reduction in #EU #migration must be the reddest of red lines.“ RT if you agree!  #BBC #SKY @LBC #LBC @ConHome @UKLabour @jeremycorbyn #LabourParty @CCHQPress #Tory @Conservatives #ConservativeParty @theresa_may 
Why brexit is being pushed through. They're just criminals now. It's legalised robbery.  
The @internetarchive has some hidden EU referendum campaign gems.Follow this link so you can see how @BorisJohnson @patel4witham @GiselaStuart and @michaelgove promised, amongst others:- no change for @The3Million - no change to the NI situation 
Hi Pete. How much do you know about Ruth? Do you know about her racist and anti Catholic councillors? Do you know about her in out Brexit thoughts? Expert in Scottish politics? Let us know. 
Last week PM said UK would pull out of digital single market after Brexit which might mean roaming charges for Brits in EU once again. Govt spokesman suggests to me this could happen unless there’s a deal. They also say answer might be that companies choose not to reimpose them.  
About 6 months after the referendum, I heard someone say “when this is all over, however it turns out, you’re going to want to be there, and you’re going to want to know you did everything you could”. @ShaunThomas777 ‘s wonderful thread sums up exactly why. 
You voted to leave the EU. You also designed Mrs May's Brexit strategy and her 2017 election campaign. Exactly why would I consider you competent to tie your own shoe laces? 
Brexit Secretary David Davis says that the UK and EU disagree on so many aspects of the Brexit transition deal that he can't remember them all!! #BrexitShambles #StopBrexit 
I think what’s very telling about how the government is managing Brexit is that it would’ve been SO EASY for them to simply unilaterally guarantee EU citizens their rights at the beginning, at little political cost, avoiding the nastiness that followed. They chose not to. 
You’re my inspiration, I mean if you can become Leader Ruth then clearly anything is possible. Anyway you forget to tell me your Tuesday Brexit position 
It was an alienated  white working class, a group sometimes described as the ‘left behind’  who delivered the Brexit vote, or was it? Professor @GKBhambra suggests otherwise... It's the Thinking Allowed podcast:  
May 'long on aspirations' but 'short on workable Brexit solutions' - EU  
I know I would never forgive myself for not doing everything I can to stand up for the #Remain cause.I don't feel comfortable living in a country (my home nation) which feels compelled to throw itself over the Brexit cliff edge. 
But the most exhausting angle of the Brexit devastation is I feel personally attacked by Brexit, not just from an emotionally reactive stance, but from a logical standpoint. And I know Brexit is damaging to everyone's lives across the British isles and across Europe. 
I've been asked a lot recently why I am bothering to spend my time on pro-EU causes. I could tweet for years (and have) about the benefits of EU membership and the damage Brexit does. 
SDLPs Claire Hanna on BBC Spotlight tonight acknowledged that British Labour Party was pro-BREXIT; perhaps she will now drop the ludicrous idea that SF MPs should join with them to vote around the edges of #Brexit 
The impotent fury of IDS at the Irish government is one of the few pleasures Brexit has to offer. Great work guys, keep it up!  
Manufacturing is already suffering a Brexit blowback as it’s becoming increasingly difficult to recruit and retain EU staff - @newbelfast @bbcspotlightni 
‘Ruth, the US is after Scotland’s £4B whisky industry and Brexit threatens Edinburgh’s financial sector. You need to make a statement.’  
Just remember that every time the Brexit leaders said "No deal is better than a bad deal", they were supporting the idea of leaving millions of Brits living abroad with no right of residence where they currently live. 
The absolute state of things when you can comment on Shortbreadgate but not Brexit impact on Scotland’s economy. 
Both the UK & EU agreed situation on the island of Ireland must be agreed as part of phase one, prior to commencing post #Brexit trade discussions #spotlightni 
Tories Always moaning about hard brexit or soft brexitWhat about a brexit that’s best for people of Britain You never mentioned people just what u wantSelfish arrogance It’s our Britain not just yours Wake up Or go 
Typical that Ruth’s available to comment on biscuits, but completely AWOL when UKgov figures showing damage to Scotland’s economy from Tory Brexit are revealed to match ScotGov’s ones she claimed were ‘scaremongering’ just the week before. #WhaursRuth  
David Davies Nobody listens to u Not even your own party Brexit negotiator Europe doesn’t listen to youJust like may talk shite Do nothing 
If you could stop #Brexit would you? RT POLL 
May says the UK will not be part of the EU Digital Single Market following #Brexit ‘removing recently and soon-to-be-introduced benefits including the abolition of mobile roaming fees and restrictions on retailer geo-blocking’ [segmenting of markets to stop you shopping aroubd]  
If the hate pumped out by the tax-dodging #Brexit billionaire press against EU 27 citizens in the UK were directed against an ethnic group there would surely have been numerous prosecutions for incitement to racial hatred. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Are we beginning to see the toxicity effect of debranding Scottish Produce , or the brexit realisation that the UK no longer works for Scottish Farming and export industry?If its made in Scotland then say it loud and proud , or if you want it shitish then mark it British. 
Jaguar Land Rover “could not plan to make #ElectricCars in Britain until the terms of its departure from the EU were clear.”More evidence #BREXIT is batshit. pic.twitter.com/JtZ7JDDFMZ 
"I don’t care that 52 per cent of the British electorate voted for Brexit. I don’t care that there were more of them than there are of us. They’re wrong. Leaving the European Union is a bloody stupid idea." Yup - @JonnElledge on brilliant blistering form. 
In the spirit of Brexit and creative thinking, perhaps we can get round the Trump tariff hike by pointing out that aluminium [as pronounced by an American] is clearly not the same product as aluminium [as pronounced by the British]. 
Absolute state of things when Davidson feels compelled to put out statement about biscuits rather than address Brexit or WM grabbing powers  
‘They were badly let down’ Jacob Rees-Mogg warns May to stand firm on Brexit fishing quota  
All those Remainers panicking about how leaving the EU will mean young Brits finding it harder to study at the Sorbonne or go on inter-railing trips and that mobile-phone use will be more expensive on our jaunts to Tuscany have no idea how ridiculous they sound to Brexit voters. 
At what point will #Brexit job losses be too much to stomach?  via @LondonEconomic 
'May has NO SOLUTION' Brussels slams PM's Brexit stance in SHOCK leaked document  
The self-proclaimed First Minister in waiting appears to be getting more animated about a tin of shortbread than the impact of Brexit on Scotland’s economy. 
The only way to stop the pro Irish Water propaganda is to have a referendum on privatization. Once they know they can't give it to the private sector,they will fix the leaks. #rtept 
Ryanair boss THREATENS to ground planes after #BrexitMr O'Leary, UK sovereignty is NOT for sale & certainly not for a cheap holiday!You may find other airlines will profit from your backward thinking.British people never respond well to threats.#EU 
.Brexit Means..... Being Held To The Agreements You Make"The guidelines will tie the UK government to the agreement guaranteeing no hard border in Ireland BEFORE a deal can be reached on future EU-UK relations after Brexit.". 
Do Brexit voters see completely different news to us? I don’t mean just reading different newspapers but even the general headlines on Twitter. There’s no way they could be seeing what we’re seeing and still ploughing on, right? 
Jesus God, imagine not talking about Brexit. 
Ryanair boss threatens to GROUND planes after Brexit in plot to force voters to ‘RETHINK’  If he's not careful it'll be more like: Ryanair ground planes due to lack of customers 
Nowhere to be seen when the hard questions are asked. Nothing to say on her party's continual fuck-up of the Brexit negotiations. Nothing to say when kids are starving because of her policies but she's worried about a fucking shortbread tin. Vacuous arsehole of a woman.  
80% of Britain's press by circulation serves as the propaganda arm of the political alliance that links the ERG Rees-Mogg Tory faction and the Farage Arron Banks, Breitbart far-right. Britain no longer has a functioning free press.#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit 
My mother treated elderly patients who had never left their village. My grandparents never left the UK. My parents have never left Europe. For me, Europe is home. Horizons move outwards not inwards. Brexit won’t win. 
DAVID Davis vows that if rebel MPs vote down the final Brexit deal, they will not be able to overturn the referendum decision to leave the EU  - we would still be quitting the bloc as planned. That is quite reassuring!  
“You made a free choice with Brexit and I very much hope that it will be possible to maintain completely open trade with the EU without any penalties” - Matteo Salvini, next likely Prime Minister of Italy, calling for EU to change approach to #Brexit#elezioni2018 
When MEPs from 6 different UK parties (including his own!) write a letter to the Foreign Secretary asking him to moderate the language he's using over #Brexit you'd hope he'd pay attention.Sadly with Boris Johnson I have no confidence he'll pay the blindest bit of notice.  
A glorious, glorious moment when @BBCNews had to face the reality of the Brexit vote. They haven't even remotely started to get over it.Excellent.  
I did a debate with Dan Hannan before Brexit too in which he cited EU child car seats regs as a problem. Beyond bizarre if a) that’s the only example he has &  b) he thinks such incredible upheaval esp for here is worth it for the hassle of 10 seconds buckling up your children.  
Democracy was 'subverted' when a referendum was held without pre-written legislation (like Scots ref was) telling voters exactly what Brexit would mean, not doing so allowed millions of votes to be obtained by Leave for the Norway model, which was only ruled out after the ref. 
Take the pledge!I am part of #Fbpe and I will vote for Pro-EU parties until Labour and / or Tories offer the country a #finalsay That is my red line! Anti-Brexit Tactical Vote #abtv@Plaid_Cymru @TheGreenParty @Renew_Britain @LibDems @theSNP 
If we put a union Jack on the Brexit impact assessments will you publish them? 
If no parliament can bind a successor, then one electorate on one day in June 2016 cannot bind all future electorates.A referendum can be either democratic or irreversible, but it cannot be both. 
LibDem leader Vince Cable tweets 'We are the party who are fighting Brexit'. The LibDems have just 7% of public support according to recent polling.Meanwhile, 52% of us are fighting for the majority in the largest democratic vote in UK history to have their vote respected. 
Brexit: "An unmitigated disaster for science & an unmitigated disaster for the health service.” - says Prof John Hardy, winner of world's most prestigious prize in neuroscience.So true. The exodus of NHS staff & scientists is catastrophic. 
Oh. That's not gone well.May 'double cherry-picking' on Brexit, says leaked EU report  
absolute state of a party leader that only comes out the woodwork to talk about shortbread and bake cakes.  Radio silence from you about fighting Scotland's corner from the shitstorm that is brexit or your party's policies that are driving people into poverty. 
I was about to walk into Brewdog there for a pint, and you know what happened?Lassie spat on me.Lassie outside spat on me and said "Shame!"And cos of all these new feminism laws, I cannae even spit back.Cannot fucking wait for Brexit.#MAGA 
Neuroscientist who won the Brain prize calls Brexit a 'disaster' for the NHS and science and donates his prize money to anti-Brexit campaign.   
Getting a bit of stick from Tories tonight Must be getting throughThey have no defence for letting people die Homelessness is growingNHS is failing They are struggling with brexit Basically they are shit 
I voted Remain, but Leave had the majority direct democracy vote. I now support Brexit. 
Brexit Negotiations Progress Significantly As Boris Has Mouth Sewn Shut  
Very important vote. Wales, at last, drawing line in sand.Never trust Westminster.Tories can't use Brexit as Trojan Horse to grab powers won by Wales in 2 refs.@WelshGovernment shld consider another ref for more powers to Wales and defend what we have.#WelshContinuityBill 
Why is it that Brexiters often speak on behalf of the British people? As if that 4% margin in the referendum entitled them to own Britishness as a concept. 
How to hijack a democracy:1) Deliver Austerity2) Divide the country3) Call a referendum4) Target your Blame5) Tell a pack of lies6) Suffocate the truth7) Create 'traitors'8) Sideline Parliament9) Repeat from step 4We need to stop this madness 
*Brexit Explained*  
I’m getting mighty sick of being told that if I don’t vote for Labour’s brexit, I’ll be responsible for a Tory brexit.  Any brexit will make us poorer irrespective of who leads it.  We need to #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Brexit vote was a cry for help from people desperate to be heard on immigration. Brexit its all May is talking about but immigration numbers being drastically reduced not so much.  
Is it too much to ask to have the right to stay after #Brexit day?If I'm risking to lose my job, have my bank account closed, loss of my home due to not be able to pay my mortgage..I need to plan, 12 months left.I already know that I cannot be pregnant or I'll lose everything.  
Bayer, the company behind scandal hit pregnancy drug Primodos, wants to reduce the checks and balances on chemicals used in farming post Brexit.  This is the sort of “red tape” that protects your health that Brexiters want toeliminate.  Be alarmed.  
Corbyn is looking at Brexit as his back door into government. If anyone says they are against Brexit so they are voting Labour, stop them! #LiberalLondon 
London's hotels are already beginning to suffer because of Brexit, Hilton CEO says  
Argentina abortion: Referendum 'on the table', government says  
Fruitful exchange of views today with @jeremycorbyn and his team on #Brexit. Important both UK & EU parliament have the final say on any Brexit deal.  
.“No one is going to make huge investments without knowing what will be the final competitiveness of the Brexit outcome.”. 
Imagine if SF went to The Army Council (if it existed) and asked their approval. The media would’ve been talking about it for 3 months, the DUP would refuse to enter Govt w/o investigation, etc, etc. These are @theresa_may’s partners in Govt. #Brexit  
“I don’t care that 52 per cent of the British electorate voted for Brexit. I don’t care that there were more of them than there are of us. They’re wrong. Leaving the European Union is a bloody stupid idea.“ #hearhear #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Yep @guyverhofstadt, the nutters wrapped in EU flags shouting about Brexit all day outside Westminster are typical of the British people. Totally. Absolutely.  
Our new release just dropped. #austerity #Brexit #inequality #poverty  
Been asked today by HR to provide my passport as proof of "right to work in UK". Found it odd and queried it with HR. I asked if it was anything to do with Brexit and HO requesting lists of foreign workers but I was reassured that it wasn't. Anyone works in HR and can shed light? 
.Bad news for Welsh, English & Scottish ports....."EU could fund new ways of connecting Irish & continental European ports if a “super-hard Brexit” cut off access to the UK.". 
We are the party who are fighting Brexit. We are making it absolutely clear that the public should have the final say when we have the facts of the deal #LiberalLondon 
One way to look at this: its an appeal to anyone who supports Trump / Brexit / AfD / EDL / Le Pen or other far-right groups in the West.You know this is going to backfire on you, right? I see you're angry. But, like last time, this won't end well 
Brussels renews tariffs on Chinese steel imports as HIGH as 72% !EU says producers in France, Spain & Sweden face a continued risk of imports from China at unfairly low prices.Ironically, that's the same thing Trump is saying!#EU #Brexit| Zero Hedge  
Shall we get a poll trending? Very simple.In the event of another #brexit referendum would the way you vote change? Please only vote if you will retweet to your followersThank you  
In his speech @epc_eu , Tony Blair outlined why the dilemma of the Brexit negotiation is prizing open the debate in Britain. “The cake will either be had or be eaten but it won’t be both and the dilemma then divides the Brexit vote”. Watch his full speech  
These reports are coming in almost daily. #StopBrexitSaveJobs#StopBrexit Ford has given this stark warning about Brexit  
Britons decided on #Brexit YEARS ago!Lord Owen:“On a bench in the main part of [Plymouth].Within 25 minutes I could tell.And they never said Leave or Remain ...It was always OUT, OUT, OUT!It was as if they had made up their minds years ago.”#EU 
Delighted to meet with @patsymcglone and @SDLPlive members to discuss #Brexit in Cookstown this evening, to update them on the latest developments regarding Brexit.  
Just 24 hours in Brexitland.A prizewinning neuroscientist calls Brexit an “unmitigated disaster” for science & NHS.The former UK Ambassador to USA says easy US trade deal an “illusion”.And Vauxhall. And Airbus. And this.#ThinkAgain #AskAgain 
Another expert driving home the reality of Brexit! But hey, just because he runs one of the largest supermarket chains in the UK, sourcing food from all over the world, well...that doesn't mean he knows more about it that Johnson, Farage and Mogg.  
Spot the problem with Brexit.Issued Art50 without any offerWent into P1 negotiations without a planLancaster House speech was not a planFlorence speech was not a planMansion House speech was not a planNI border? Spotted it yet?#FBPE 
MEPs may write to Boris Johnson, but #Brexit leaders & their press patrons won't stop the inflammatory language. They need it to keep Brexit supporters in a state of patriotic hysteria that blinds them to the tax-haven craving reality.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
American aviation officials aren’t moved by the so-called “special relationship” between the US and UK: There will be no preferential treatment for British airlines flying to the US after Brexit  
May 'double cherry-picking' on Brexit, says leaked EU report.EU don't like it when May points out that what the EU says we can't have, is what they've  already agreed with others. 
This is Putin years ago, in dire need of Botox renewal & his elevator shoes. Puffed up, he is a kleptocrat; ruthless in warfare, asymetric & traditional; he has his critics murdered. Putin wants to destroy western democracy. Brexit is helping him #StopBrexit #LE2018VoteRemain 
I was in Brussels today talking about the implications of Brexit for the NHS. Our health & care sectors need the immense contribution of the European nationals who work in it and we must offer certainty on medicine regulation & research  
The euro is WRONG!Lorenzo Fontana:'Our view is euro is a currency that was created incorrectly.It's a hybrid created to give certain countries advantage & others, such as Italy, disadvantage.It's an issue when #EU says public debt is too high'#Brexit 
May 'double cherry-picking' on Brexit, says leaked EU report  
Brexit is dead in the water they’re only now trying to find a way to break it to the Leave side.  
Benefits of Brexit: losing Airbus, losing Vauxhall, grounding Ryanair, roaming charges, GFA under threat, loss of passporting for City, loss of fom to 27 other countries. Pretty good , eh? 
Anyone think if this had been on the side of a bus the referendum might have ended differently?   #DoneRoaming 
Britain has been offered a worse "open skies" deal by the U.S. after Brexit than it has now  
This Labour MP and career politician says Brexit is s**t. Typically articulate for someone from her party. This in reality is what many in Labour think about the 17.4m who voted for Brexit, especially those from working class communities. 
#Brexit news: Ryanair threatens to ground flights to make UK voters 'rethink' leaving the EURyanair is threatening to ground its flights after the UK withdraws from the European Union to persuade voters to "rethink" Brexit.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
I'll never abandon my view Brexit is a selfish & destructive act against a peace and prosperity project. Sadly the populists managed to convince UK electorate that EU was some kind of evil empire imposing its sinister will on the Brits. Nothing could be further from the truth! 
Jacob Rees-Mogg - "It’s very important the British fishing community is protected in #Brexit. They were very badly let down when we joined in 1973 and they shouldn’t be used as an easy negotiating offer in this round."  
 The Scottish EU Continuity Bill will safeguard Holyrood’s powers after Brexit. But it would be better if the Tories saw sense and removed the #powergrab.  Send a message – hands off Scotland’s powers:  
UK Business starts to speak upCarmakers step up warnings on impact of uncertainty Vauxhall chief warns of Brexit threat to Ellesmere Port Ryanair threatens to ground flights to make UK 'rethink' #brexit  
Because the EU citizens living in the UK didn't ask for a registration process.In the words of Stefaan de Rynck... "Who is asking for a border? Brexit is asking for a border"Who is asking for a registration process for EU citizens? Brexit is asking for it. #citizensrights 
"We elected the DUP" says UDA.UDA killed a man during that election campaign.This is who is propping up the Tory #Brexit campaign.  
Vitally important, this. If the withdrawal agreement isn’t a treaty which requires a referendum, what is? We can’t allow government to use legislative processes to roll back democratic ones.  
Here's what happens next in the Secret Brexit Studies Case. Tl;dr? We're tenacious!  
Labour should have spent the last 18 months tearing into the unnatural alliance between the greedy rich lusting after a #BrexitTaxHaven, and the ordinary people they have been cynically manipulating with their lies and hate propaganda. #StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
What we'll do next in the Secret Brexit Studies case: my statement.  
Lord Adonis has tabled amendment to EU Withdrawal Bill to stop repeal of 2011 European Union Act which requires referendums on EU treaty changesLawyers think 2011 Act may require referendum on Mays withdrawal treaty which is why UKGov trying to repeal it without anyone noticing 
I have conveyed the message to @theresa_may that the European Parliament expects a cost free and burden free registration process for EU citizens! #brexit #citizensrights 
Ryanair threatens to ground flights after Brexit  
The right-wing Brextremists don't want to give the #NHS £350m a week, they want to privatise it, and a trade deal with the USA would do just the job. That was something they conveniently forgot to mention during the referendum campaign. #LeaveLies#StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
Well I never . Blame EU , take credit for their work , then remove those benefits from UK citizens . Brexit is neither for , or of the will of , the people. It’s a scam. #stopbrexit 
In the local elections coming up, my advice is to focus on one thing only: what’s the position of the party you plan to vote for on Brexit? 
Awful to hear your situation, I hope a solution is found...  I couldn't care less about differences of opinion w/Brexiteers about trade policy.  What I will never forgive #Brexit voters for is that they think ruining lives is an acceptable price for satisfying their prejudices. 
Ross bravely encouraging the 1/3 of SNP supporters who backed Brexit to take their vote elsewhere.  
Matt on Obesity and Brexit - political cartoon gallery in Putney  
Well, there will be many that disagree with you. I would love to #StopBrexitNow.Democracy is not a one time thing. We have to have the ability to question previous decisions, whether made by referendum or by government. That's why we have elections more than once. 
Vauxhall chief warns of Brexit threat to Ellesmere Port  
10,000 EU health workers have left the NHS since the #Brexit vote. #Brexit is turning an NHS staffing shortage into a crisis. There must be a debate amongst MPs on the impact of #Brexit on NHS staffing.  
Guy. Brexit is ruining my life. I have a German girlfriend who understandably doesn't want to move to the UK and it looks like I'll be stripped of EU FoM (if Brexit isn't stopped). I'd leave the UK but really need FoM to restart my life. Please help! 
Exclusive:  Canadian ties to voter manipulation in #Brexit and the 2016 US elections.  @WendyMesleyCBC reports.   
Literally tens of people came to see me in London today. Thank you. So many UK people feel European, which is of course the same as the EU. We've certainly sent you enough of them. They far outweigh the mere 17.4 million who voted for #Brexit. #IAmEuropean 
Brighton taxi driver just now, said: 'I voted Remain. But Leave won. I now support Brexit. I just want them to get on with it. There needs to be much more positivity in the media.' 
It’s a familiar refrain that by being in the #EU #Britain has lost its sovereignty, which will be regained after #Brexit, writes Prof Christopher Grey. This not only overstates the reach of EU law within the UK, but is also unrealistic. Full article at:  
Ted Heath should never have agreed to hand over British fishing grounds. #Brexit offers the vital opportunity to right this huge wrong. It is an opportunity that must be taken.  
May confirms #Brexit means economic damage.Airbus and Vauxhall are considering pulling out of UK.The EU makes it clear the UK will get a worse deal than it has now.Promises of new trade deals evaporate.The NI border issue won't go away.#Brexiters becoming very very angry 
Just out of meeting with a UK univ VC. Asked him what would be effect of Brexit on universities’ role as centres of new tech/science based business creation and associated jobs. His reply: “blown out of the water. No chance”.When will we come to our senses and #StopBrexit? 
...A shame @BorisJohnson didn't act so robustly to address anti-democratic meddling during the EU referendum... #RenewBritain 
The population of the UK is 65.5m.The number of people who voted for #Brexit is 17.4m.Tell me about this overwhelming majority again... #StopBrexit #WATON #FBPE  
Ryanair chief threatens to ground cheap flights to persuade voters to 'rethink' Brexit 
prize winning neuroscientist donates his prize money to fight BREXIT. He describes it as "an unmitigated disaster."  
Theresa May and her Rabid Brexit Tories really are a bunch of donkeys, get ready for massive mobile phone bills again if you use your phone abroad  
Excellent. BBC also report Prof John Hardy says he’ll give 5K  of his prize money to campaigns to help stop Brexit.  
I dislike Brexit but, speaking as a border, I do admire its ability to completely divide a country. 
Scots minister defends 'significant' Brexit powers plan - BBC News  
The people of Cheshire West voted leave in the referendum; now the CEO warns on future of the car plant there. “We cannot invest in a world of uncertainty”. Carmaker has urged staff to vote remain...  
Brexit, Trump and the Italian election.  
France rejects UK plan for banks to access EU after Brexit, they may have to rely on “equivalence” instead, allowing countries from outside the EU to access the single market in limited circumstances, a patchy access that can be revoked at short notice. 
Not my field but this states that Brits will be paying mobile phone roaming charges again after Brexit. Haven’t seen it reported anywhere else.  
We’ve just launched our six pledges to the people of Ealing for the upcoming #LocalElections on May 3rd. Defending our communities: For a strong #NHS, against a Hard Tory Brexit & #ForTheMany ... Find out more:  
So a 'meaningful vote' on Brexit & taking back control for Parliament means nothing, if 'we will leave in all circumstances'. They're basically saying it's deal or no deal. People should have the #FinalSay 
Australia Brexit ultimatum: Leave EU customs union or LOSE out on lucrative trade deal  
Daniel Hannan was given the opportunity by Nick Robinson this afternoon on Radio 4 to name any one of the many laws or regulations he is looking forward to repealing at Brexit - can you believe he picked the regulation to have a car seat installed ! Basic Child Safety Legislation 
Positive & productive meetings today with @theresa_may @DavidDavisMP, @AmberRuddHR and @DLidington on #citizensrights, Ireland & the future EU-UK relationship. EP to debate & vote next week on proposals for a close future partnership #Brexit #FutureOfEurope 
I have a new hobby: collecting Brexits. My collection probably isn't complete (feel free to add) and there may be some duplicates as there's no agreed standardisation of names.Hard Brexit: We jump off a cliffSoft Brexit: We step off a cliff 
Brexit means "American made Lancashire black pudding"I don't want to even imagine what the yanks are going to put into their version of black pudding.#isitworthit #StopBrexit #Remain #FBPE 
You voted to take away rights from your kids & grandkids. You’ve enjoyed 45 years of economic growth, free movement, cheap holidays, better food, and now your kids and grandkids  will have these taken away. Brexit will make UK poorer, permanently and add £122bn in debt, onto kids 
A year ago I first heard ‘Brexit means Brexit’. I had no idea no idea what it meant and still don’t know what it was supposed to mean, or means for today or will mean for tomorrow. Here is my portrait of @theresa_may composed using only her phrase every time I have heard it 
First Airbus. Now Vauxhall.The number of iconic companies in Britain warning about the consequences of a hard and destructive Brexit is growing by the day.Please RT:  
Thank you Guy. Please don’t give up on us, the Remain Movement is growing and growing. May doesn’t even believe in her Brexit plans, she knows it will make us worse off. 
Ministers still cannot agree a Brexit strategy 621 days after the referendum. Support the fight against Brexit by subscribing to The New European -  
Boris Johnson warned that his violent Brexit rhetoric risks undermining EU talks and ruining Britain's reputation  
UK will increase sanctions on @Russia (as a warm-up) if they are guilty of the attack on our residents, Parliament is told. Furthermore at @CommonsCMS, the “Ivans for Indy” - Russian trolls pretending to be Scots - were exposed. It wasn’t just #Brexit. 
Not according to the referendum or last year's election results 
Here's my full question and answer with Brexit Secretary David Davies, who seems to think that 100,000+ at risk jobs isn't something to worry about. #BrexitShambles WATCH:  
#Labour is the party of Remain in every region, even in the most pro-leave areas. Many seats are there for the taking if Labour solidifies its #Brexit position towards staying in the EU. #StopBrexit #LabourisRemain Want to find out more?  
I can tell you.These same politicians are gagged by their own previous mendacity, not by the referendum. Years of scapegoating the EU, not defending it against the populist press. Not to mention their own hitherto ignorance of basic EU stuff.They're afraid of looking foolish. 
David Davis is right to confirm MPs will not be able to overturn the result of the EU Referendum. 
It's usually derided, but the Brexit campaign convincing people to suspend short-term economic interests in favour of a larger goal is a noteworthy break with capitalist realism 
“The Italian people have gone farther, in a shorter period of time, than the British did for Brexit and the Americans did for Trump.” - Steve Bannon, who would be celebrating if he hadn’t completely imploded back in the US 
Two big dicks leave them slump cos where fuckin' up the place like brexit & Trump pic.twitter.com/HK9AysMMXb 
This is why UKIP set a maritime test in our six Brexit tests. We always suspected our fishing fleet could be let down during the dealmaking.  
20 Labour, Conservative, LibDem, Green, SNP and Plaid MEPs write a cross-party letter asking Boris Johnson and UKGov to condemn the use of violent Brexit Rhetoric  
20 MEPs from different parties call on Boris Johnson to moderate ‘war language’ of UK government in Brexit negotiations @joncstone @GuitarMoog @EIonaSt 
UK MEPs from six parties write to Boris Johnson to ask him and the Government to condemn the use of hostile, war-like language being used around Brexit.EU27 and their citizens are our neighbours, friends, colleagues, partners, allies, and family, not our enemies.  
There hasn't been any serious snow on the ground here in Bristol since Sunday lunchtime yet my local Tesco is still running with empty shelves. Shows how vulnerable supply chains are to even minor perturbations. A timely illustration of why a no deal #Brexit cannot be allowed. 
Roger Helmer (former MEP) angry about Brexit and the loss of EU protected status for Cornish pasties and Scottish whisky.  
Of course - because the majority of the British people don’t want #brexit. Make it a priority to allow UK citizens retain EU citizenship if the so want. It is possible. @guyverhofstadt #stopbrexit #IamEuropean #WATON #BrexitReality 
Sure you do. If you’ve done so in the past with no real consequences, why not? If the Brexit information warfare campaign and now this aren’t enough for the UK to start hitting the Kremlin where it hurts most— their Western assets— then I don’t know what is. 
Thank you Guy. We NEED your help here in Brexit Britain! Our authoritarian Gov is unhealthy to put it politely. #PeopleB4Politics #WeAreEurope #IAmEuropean 
Every journey starts with a single step On my way to 10 Downing StreetWHY am I 'Schrodinger's Citizen'?I am a dual national So post #Brexit, I'll have FOM/no FOM at exactly the same time. I'll be able to live in any #EU country, and I won't.#stopbrexit #Iameuropean 
This is so incredibly stupid! How can any sentient politician feel gagged by an ADVISORY NON-BINDING referendum where the result was effectively a 50/50 split and where key constituencies were excluded from the vote?? STOP THIS MADNESS!!  
Who do you trust, the unapologetically pro-EU Benn, or the UK's top customs official? Benn asks him about the border after a no deal Brexit: “We do not believe we require any infrastructure at the border between Northern Ireland and Ireland, under any circumstances.”  
For those following the Secret Brexit Studies case, a note of Supperstone J's judgment can be seen here. A statement on the way forward will follow later today or early tomorrow.   
Everyday brings yet more indications from business that #Brexit and associated uncertainty will cost jobs.  @GovUK ploughs on regardless....Vauxhall chief warns of Brexit threat to Ellesmere Port - BBC News  
'Out, out, out!' Britons made their minds up on Brexit YEARS before vote, says Lord Owen  
Away from the fantasy of Brexit speeches and faith, Govt should prepare for more real-life stories like this that destroy real jobs and real lives. When they do, voters may not do as they’re told and blame the EU for the shit that hits them pic.twitter.com/sOFEJsz3KJ 
So a referendum might be required for the government to accept any deal with the EU? Sounds great, we really need an option to remain.  
Welcome to French finance minister @BrunoLeMaire. We met today to discuss #Brexit and the strong relationship between our two countries    
A minority government fighting with its own backbenchers, 8 years of austerity, rising inequality, Brexit, gloomy economic predictions, falling living standards... and Labour still can't even get a lead in the polls.  
I have tabled amendment to EU Withdrawal Bill to stop repeal of 2011 European Union Act, which requires referendums on EU treaty changes.  Lawyers think 2011 Act may require referendum on Mrs May’s withdrawal treaty, which is why HMG trying to repeal it without anyone noticing! 
DUP deputy leader Nigel Dodds says Leo Varadkar is being warned by "some voices in the Irish Republic" that he's being "aggressive towards the Unionists of Northern Ireland" in his approach to Brexit.  
Detailed account by James Strachan talking to all the players about Brexit customs and regulatory impact in pharmaceutical supply chain, industry worth 10% U.K. GDP:  
Ok. I just put my money where my mouth is. I just texted a good friend of mine (she's moved from NO to YES), to see if she would be interested in organising a small informal chat with some of her friends (& me) about Brexit & #indyref2. 
MUST WATCH - Edward Lucas, from the Centre for European Policy Analysis, telling the DCMS today that Russia is attacking the UK with 20 different tactics and it's best dealt with through countries acting together through the likes of the European Commission. 
The results of the referendum in Switzerland show that most citizens  (71%) prefer to protect the 4 official languages (including the minority ones such as Romansh) rather than  economise. A lesson for the Spanish right, which dreams of the disappearance of Catalan or Basque.  
The ‘smart’ solution to the Irish border: a Venn Diagram. #Brexit  
First Airbus. Now Vauxhall.The number of iconic companies in Britain warning about the consequences of a hard and destructive Brexit is growing by the day.Please RT:  
Quite astonishing, @DavidDavisMP concedes that it may NOT be poss to make necessary changes to allow UK to participate in EU Agencies PM declared we'd seek to join after Brexit. Astonishing gov have left this all so last min & not had necessary discussions with EU. Are winging it  
.@JonAshworth tells EPLP:#Brexit causing EUnationals to leave #NHS:- 10,000,including nurses&doctors already quit by Sept- nurses &midwives coming to work in UK from EU fell by 89% in the year after referendum-67% rise in same leaving the Nursing &Midwifery Council’s register 
Unreal how blinded by nationalism people are. How stubbornly loyal to Brexit they can be. As if it's a football team they must support through thick and thin. How they steadfastly demand it, even though it's clear that it'll make their lives far shitter in so many different ways.  
I think Mattie McGrath just suggested that the snow was an "act of God" to delay the #repealthe8th referendum legislation. 
Note the change in stance from the LibDems. Pro EU before the advisory ref, Pro EU, after. Now ANTI BREXIT #EUloudandproud and up for a #Fightback and it is a no brainer. #FBPE 
And as a resident of Edinburgh, I know exactly what is going to win the majority of the folk here over to independence. #Brexit This is the most European city in Scotland. People here DO NOT want to leave the EU. 
.@Alison_McGovern – First Airbus, now Vauxhall: number of iconic companies warning about consequences of Brexit is growing by the day  
Just David Davis saying completely normal brexit things  
Your party enabled it by voting for it or sitting on your hands, same as your party are making it ten times worse by not stopping Brexit.  
“I’m so radical in my support for independence & Scotland’s voice that I’m going to encourage people to vote for a party that’s pro-Brexit in contrast with Scotland’s vote and has ruled out another independence referendum.”So radical you’re almost establishment. Genius. 
Brain prize winner calls Brexit a 'disaster' for the NHS and science  
David Davis is currently being questioned about Brexit by MPs. A good time to recall his excellent advice to businesses  
Scotland - unless independent - looks likely to be ruled from Westminster post Brexit by a right wing, inward looking Tory Government. What are we going to do about it?  
Who do you trust to negotiate #Brexit ? @Conservatives @UKLabour @LibDems 
The EU's problems are mounting...> Brexit> Fragile Euro> Poland kicking off> Italy may leave the Euro or EU - or both!> No German govt, unclear future> USA trade War> Russia fed up> Turkey fed up> Huge debtI know, put a drunk in charge! Sorted. 
It must be about time for the rational moderate Tory MPs to decide whether they want to continue to be associated with the #Brexit harm to all of our interests, and the assault on the democratic institutions of the UK, that remaining in the Conservative Party now represents!  
A powerful display of celtic solidarity in Parliament this afternoon, as @WelshLabour and @scottishlabour MPs and peers meet to reaffirm our commitment to defend the devolution settlement across these islands. #Brexit  
Vauxhall chief warns of Brexit threat to Ellesmere Port - BBC News  
Brexit Secretary @DavidDavisMP says most free trade agreements have independent arbitration mechanisms, we expect a similar mechanism in the future UK-EU relationship, not CJEU arbitration 
Powerful speech by Farhatullah Babar on Senate: Baba Rehtma says constitution is what he says/sees fit, saddened judges not speaking through judgments, 2018 elections could be referendum on excesses of judiciary, PPP backtracked on accountability for all  
Italian election result is the latest sign the EU project's unravelling. Britain thankfully has the Brexit lifeboat. Nicola Sturgeon's SNP would like us to get out of the lifeboat and jump back on the sinking ship. Aye Right! 
Brexit negotiations are going swimmingly well as March EU Council approaches.  
I haven't met a single person on either side who voted believing their vote would hurt the country. The very essence of Brexit is still being negotiated. A #FinalSay is the only way to make sure it doesn't hurt us. 
Having cake and eating it with freshly picked cherries on top, the DUP have learned to use the Brexit rhetoric toolkit in the no. 10 tool-shed. *Telling*, not *agreeing*, is not consensus.  We need the #FinalSay to make sense of the mess. 
"Brexit is just the sh*t cherry on the sh*t icing on the sh*t cake that the Tories baked us all in the 1980s."Brexit risks completing the deindustrialisation that Thatcher started, says @Alison_McGovern 
“I am concerned that 2018 may not become a referendum against the judiciary.”(It will Sir, they have asked for it)Senator Farhat Ullah Babar at his best while delivering #TheLastSpeech as a Senator on #ClashOfInstitutions 
And move to an EU country to see how democracy works you mean?! I think you've missed the point sunshine. That's why I voted Brexit. 
.@MollyMEP responding to today's High Court decision not to force the government's hand over the #Brexit impact studies:  
Rest assured, #Brexit will harm you, your kids, your family, your friends, your country.Give it up now.#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Brexit: ex-ambassador says prospect of easy UK-US trade deal is illusion  
DUP leader Arlene Foster says the Brexit Withdrawal Treaty must include an explicit guarantee that no border will be placed in the Irish Sea  
Important image to understand why #FiveStarMovement is NOT the same phenomenon as #Trump& #Brexit.Young people voted overwhelmingly (44%) for #M5S, while only 19% of older people voted for them. The exact inverse of Trump and Brexit votes.Brussels ignores this at their peril.  
One hell of a paragraph by William Davies in the @LRB #Brexit  
The period of Northern Irish party donations the government is trying to bury tomorrow includes not only their secret £435k Brexit donation, but also the Renewable Heat Incentive scandal. As things stand, the inquiry into RHI can't look at party donations. 
More evidence of Brexit damage to our economy. Conservatives used to claim to be the party of business, now our major manufacturers are voting with their feet because hard Brexit ideology is being placed above the economy on CU and SM.  
YouGov research on key Brexit questions reveals a dramatic shift in perceptions about the progress of negotiationsAt this stage last year, 34% thought negotiations were going well, 44% badly and 22% unsureThe latest findings put those figures at 22%, 61% and 17%#BrexitShambles 
Why is Theresa May protecting the DUP's dirty little (Brexit) secret? | openDemocracy  
If the government wants to harshly punish Russia for what appears to be the attempted assassination, it could do that most effectively by cancelling #Brexit, thus delivering a crushing defeat to Putin's hybrid war against the EU & Western democracy. #StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
Jaguar Land Rover needs #Brexit detail before building electric cars in Britain"That makes the decision this year very, very critical and I don't know whether we can make it," chief executive Ralf Speth#StopBrexit #FBPE 
"MmmMM there's nothing I like more after a long day in the brexit mines than a traditional American-made Cornish pasty, Texas Style. Boy howdy them's good eatin.Hi, I'm Roger Helmer and though I'm still too dumb to know it, this is exactly what I byun did voted for."  
As Theresa May has confirmed her #Brexit intention for the UK to leave the Digital Single Market, here is an article I wrote on why that would be a disaster for the UK: 
I believe that the Brexiteers are going to see a big resurgence for the Brexit cause at the local elections in May. Italian elections are going to encourage people in the UK to vote for freedom, just like they did in droves, in the elections of 2014 & 2015. A watershed moment 
The issue of European Citizenship post Brexit truly effects us all, and I'm having the pleasure of campaigning for it today in Bangor with 96 year old Betty Croxford! #WelshandEuropean #EUCitizenship 
B. Johnson claiming that Britain is in the lead in combating Russia's 'malign' force. This is misleading nonsense so long as the government works to hand Putin his largest victory thus far against Western democracy by pushing through #Brexit. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Current status of Brexit talks and the implications for the border are made wonderfully clear in this briefing by @hayward_katy and @DPhinnemore.Also punctures nonsense assertions that technology or a magic trade deal would obviate border infrastructure  
Boris Johnson in House of Commons on Russia just now: “We have led the tough EU response to the illegal annexation of Ukrainian territory, including sanctions”.  Yes but...  but you... but... Brexit... oh what’s the point? #BrexitShambles #UselessTwat #BorisJohnson 
Vauxhall chief warns of Brexit threat to Ellesmere Port  
To be frank, we are a bit tired of tweets that say nothing more than:"Constructive meeting with [... fill the blank] on #citizensrights"@DavidDavisMP, after 21 months #InLimbo & 13 months to Brexit Day it is time for some commitments & real details.  
Nissan, Honda, Jaguar-Land Rover, Toyota.. Now Vauxhall openly state Brexit is damaging the automotive industry and casts doubt over the longevity of Ellesmere Port.What more does @theresa_may wish to ignore?#FBPE #StopBrexit #SaveOurNHS 
My mum's job was again subject to restructuring in 2017. After a few months of job searching she decided to leave to Germany. She also was concerned about #CitizensRights after Brexit. They are not guaranteed yet. She is working in Germany now, the UK lost a skilled professional. 
Heads up UK.This is not a member of Canadian  government. Pro-Brexit  @AndrewScheer is in your country to 'negotiate trade EU leaders: 'It's absolutely clear' UK cannot negotiate trade deals with other countries until after Brexit  
Many business owners blame the EU for creating excess red tape and support Brexit, but their views are not well represented by organisations like the CBI:  
The man negotiating to get the best #Brexit deal possible on behalf of all UK citizens, has today met with David Davis...  
Theresa May didn't campaign in the referendum she hid behind the sofa waiting to get Camerons job. #bbcdp #BrexitShambles 
Shorn of its elaborate legal machinery the case is about the right of those affected by Brexit to understand what Brexit means for them. Taking back control mandates a devolution of control to the people, and not to a secretive and paternalistic political establishment. 2/2 
Probably less than half of Brexit voters were chiefly motivated by antipathy towards EU citizens but May and her cabinet decide to put this issue centre stage. They then play the victim when they, understandably, get a frosty reception from EU leaders and negotiators. 
Warnings that flights will be grounded after Brexit simply aren’t credible. The Chancellor should refrain from unnecessary scaremongering in future and focus his efforts on securing a good Brexit deal for Britain  
Treasury experts used "unrealistic" assumptions, "flawed analysis" and "exaggerated" evidence to come up with their doom-mongering Brexit predictions, Cambridge researchers find  
More good news, 'in spite of Brexit'  
This is incredibly disappointing: judge rules that we should use FoI route instead. So many have tried via FoI route and all have been refused. British people are being denied access to evidence about the impact of #Brexit on their lives  
I’m a bit concerned by this You Gov survey which is using quotes from Indy Ref in 2014 and applying them to a post Brexit Indy Ref. @RogueCoder250 @PoliticsScot @bellacaledonia 
Ford's European boss calls for the UK to remain in a customs union after #Brexit“We want to continue with tariff-free trade & any sort of border restrictions or customs friction is going to be an inhibitor... " Steven Armstrong said#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Brexit is a product of English nationalism. We are being dictated too by these people. I want Scotland to be a friendly outlooking country. However this will not be the case. As we are being dictated too by the little-Englander mentality. They say jump & we just say how high. 
Short of EU membership, which is far and away the best option, remaining in the Single Market and Customs Union will mitigate some of the worst aspects of brexit if it happens. Glad to see Labour getting organised.  
The majority of ppl haven't suddenly become hatemongers, the media gives publicity to the few not the many. The bulk of #Brexit voters dislike the EU but that's because they've been brainwashed over 40 years by a EU hating press & politicians that blame it for their own mistakes. 
In Luxembourg tomorrow Tusk @eucopresident will present the draft EU27 guidelines on the future EU-UK relations after #Brexit.Thursday Tusk meets Taoiseach @campaignforleo in Dublin.Updated public agenda here:  
thank god Brexit has saved us from this  
The EU’s intransigence and attempted bullying of Britain is a sign of weakness, not strength. It is terrified of a successful U.K. Brexit opening the floodgates to more countries voting to leave.  It’s time to break this Franco-German protection racket once and for all.  
I tried to set the world to rights speaking to @mrjamesob about Grenfell, Brexit, inequality and injustice. (As well as getting stopped and searched when I was growing up, families and fathers and the importance of authenticity in our public life).  
First the Russians send the Beast From The East, now they've poisoned some ex-spy called Sergei Skripal in Sainsburys. Country is in a mess, close the borders and focus on sending out blue passports after Hard Brexit is confirmed. 
Brexit is hugely complicated both legally and economically and we have a PM better suited to being Mayoress Of Maidenhead and a Leader of the Opposition better suited to being in charge of the Allotment Society. 
Roger never seems to have too much problem with the economic and social hardships Brexit is set to bring, apparently unmoved by the plight of those still unsure as to whether they have a future here.American "Cornish" pasties however? Shit just got personal.  
In the South West alone, Airbus supports over 17,000 jobs. We cannot afford to put that at risk to pursue the ideological fantasy of hard Brexit #Airbus #Brexit 
Labour shadow health sec in Brussels v good at pointing out all the problems with Brexit for NHS (blood imports, EU doctors, safe meds). But commits zero solutions to them because that wld mean... stopping Brexit. 
#Brexit: @guyverhofstadt visits London to tell TM she must produce 'credible proposals'.In a meeting with the Home Sec. he is also expected to raise the issue of H. Office failures and errors which have plagued EU ctzs worried about their future in the UK 
Vauxhall chief warns of Brexit threat to Ellesmere Port: He told the BBC that uncertainty undermined Ellesmere Port's chances of getting more work after 2021.  
Comment: The UK's reputation is being annihilated by Brexit and UKGov's handling of it. Time is running out fast, and UKGov has backed itself into the position of being presented with (largely) take-it-or-leave it solutions. 4/ 
Australia Brexit ultimatum: Leave EU customs union or LOSE out on lucrative trade deal  
Arlene Foster is right to demand a guarantee that no border will will be placed down the Irish Sea after Brexit. The UK voted as one to leave the EU, and as one UK we will leave  
Brilliant article by @cliodiaspora Professor Tanja Bueltmann: "Anti-Brexit historians must dare to be political"   via @timeshighered 
Ha!Theresa May has decided that * running through wheatfields* is really a bit passe !Now PREFERS to meander through a #Brexit orchard picking cherries !! 
Brexit increasingly feels like a project that will ultimately be modified or cancelled altogether. Project delivery (Govt) should go back to the stakeholders (people) and say “Sorry, we can’t deliver to your requirements... what should we do instead?” 
DUP leader Arlene Foster, during a press conference after meeting Michel Barnier, says that she told the EU's Brexit negotiator that the EU’s draft legal text “was not a faithful, or indeed fair, translation of the joint report from December”  
Great to meet @DUPleader, @NigelDoddsDUP and @eastantrimmp last night before their meeting with @MichelBarnier  and catch up with my colleage @DianeDoddsMEP. Letting him know that the EU cannot annex NI or split the Union. #Brexit  
Weird cos I thought you guys were taking back control, seems more like you're giving away yrs of traditional produce, trade marks & standards cos you're desperate for trade. #brexit 
Very true. Attempts to break EU27 unity are, like Brexit itself, entirely self-defeating. No EU27 unity = no exit agreement = no transition = no future agreement.  
The same Hannan who infamously said “absolutely nobody is talking about leaving the Single Market” is now gunning for a ‘No-Deal’ Brexit (though he’s scared to call it that). All they needed to do was to lie to get the vote. After that it’s playtime for Disaster Capitalists  
Why did Radio 4 effectively give Tony Blair an 8-minute anti-Brexit party political broadcast last week? asks David Keighley  
When people come back at Brexit supporters by saying that the United Kingdom never lost its sovereignty I suggest people point them in the direction of this video by the European Parliament's Brexit Negotiator Guy Verhofstadt... 
May tells MPs the US-Canada border could be copied in Ireland despite it using checkpoints and armed guards as she tells MPs her Brexit speech means the EU should 'get on with it'  
WHY WEREN'T WE TOLD ABOUT THIS BEFORE THE REFERENDUM???  Oh, wait, just checked, turns out we were told. You literally campaigned and voted for this. 
Jaguar Land Rover is "absolutely committed" to Britain after Brexit, CEO says  
Past is past. What’s the point hating Labour cos of Iraq ? Tories cos of Thatcher ? LibDems cos of coalition ? Deal with the here and now. The here and now is vote for parties who oppose Brexit. 
55% of UK farm income comes from EU CAP subsidies (€3 billion a year).Yet...58% of UK farmers favoured  Brexit.UK farmers who voted for Brexit need to be very careful what they wish for. 
This is one of the many consequences of what you campaigned for, Helmer. You’re always telling us what we voted for. It appears you voted for American-made Brexit pasties.  
The people deserve a #FinalSay. That's why we will continue to campaign for a People’s Poll on the final #Brexit deal.  
Financial services contributes £70bn a year of tax to pay for The NHS, Schools etc. The City is recognised worldwide as the place to lead from. Brexit gives EU financial centres an advantage. #FBPE #FinReg 
An elderly man abandons his marriage of 40 years, and goes off in search of new relationships with exotic women in far-flung lands. He discovers that they're only after what they can get, and returns penniless to find that his wife is glad to have got shot of him. That's Brexit. 
May is right:  Britain's handling of Brexit negotiations will *set an example for the world*.Brexit has already set an example to Europe. UK has jumped into a tank of piranha fish.  Even populist parties in EU nations are no longer keen to jump in after us.A example of stupid 
This is not appeasement it is blatantly traitorous. #MayMustGoAppeaser Theresa: EU to Have a Say in Setting UK's Post-Brexit Immigration System  via @BreitbartNews 
“It is becoming clearer by the day that @Theresa_May is leading the country towards a #Brexit that she does not truly believe is in the national interest, even though she sees it as her duty to implement it”. @RSylvesterTimes 
A Blast From The Past: defying Brexit with the ancient horns of Europe, A Quietus Essay by @LukeTurnerEsq  
@Rachael_Swindon @UKDemockery So they want to use the "betrayal" smear. A bunch of tax dodging criminals who asset stripped their country. Who sell arms to ISIS donors. Who engineered BREXIT for tax dodgers. Grenfell. THAT'S betrayal  
Brexit-supporting Fishermen Worried May Will Sell Them out After ‘30 Years of Torment that Seemed Neverending’  
The Yoons go on about WM grievance. Well it's not the Scot Gov who stole our oil. It's not the Scot Gov who pushed for a hard Brexit & are taking us out of the EU against our will. It's not the Scot Gov who are hell bent on austerity. I will aim my grievance to who deserves it. 
The more I hear about the motives of old people to vote for brexit the more it seems they just did it out of spite. 
Undoubtedly. It will get its own book too: "The Brexit shit show: How not to negotiate ."  
MSYPs are on their way to meet w/ @ScotGovFM & @scotgov this morning at the second ever Children & Young PPl's Cabinet Meeting! A brilliant opportunity to share the views of Scotland's young ppl on issues like #Brexit, #PeriodPoverty & young people's rights! #SYPrights #YOYP2018 
Before #Brexit referendum: “We hold all the cards”After Brexit referendum: “The EU are punishing us”Let’s engage with this fiction a moment - if we hold all the cards, how can the EU “punish” us?(Is it just possible those who come out with such comments are clueless?) 
#Brexit Can we just get on with Brexit. Everyday same bloody bores out trying to derail Brexit. 17 million voted leave we’re leaving the EU. Labour FFS changing your mind about Brexit everyday. Jeremy Corbyn you hate EU all your life, biggest hypocrite going no one believes you.  
Summary:1. Brexit isn't worth it.2. Britain can't be allowed to enjoy all the benefits of EU membership - e.g. paying in £350 million/week - without the obligations, i.e. being ruled by Our Brussels.3. It was a LYING bus!4. When's Our Second Referendum?5. That's all, folks!  
Brexit is already hurting London's hotel trade, Hilton CEO tells Bloomberg  
Brexit world where N.Ireland has to get food sent by boat or plane from Dublin to Belfast because there can’t be vet/Lab checks on the border.Brexit world where BA has to short haul us to Dublin to get a flight to the USCosts go up and up and up and up 
I know I say this every week, but the Delegated Powers and Law Reform Committee is really worth a watch this morning. @Feorlean is in talking about ScotGov's Brexit continuity bill, and it's live here:  
Here's the background on today's hearing in the High Court as @GoodLawProject and I seek to force the govt's hand over the #Brexit impact studies: Govt has muddied the water over these studies. They are in the public interest so must be the public domain. 
Well done @OwenJones84 you make a good case for not voting Labour. This is the defining question of modern politics in Britain. People are seeing that Brexit is going toxic and if Labour continue with Brexit they will go down the pan.  
Double standards? UK media railing against Trump's #tariffs, but also insist that lowering tariffs after #Brexit would lead to the 'collapse' of UK agriculture and manufacturing, and forget the EU imposes anti-dumping tariffs too. So US tariffs are bad, but the EU's are good? 
The UK’s departure from the EU could cause almost as much damage to the Irish economy as the financial crisis of 2008-2009 where it shrunk by 8%.  The Irish economy could shrink in size by as much as 7% post #Brexit.  Brexit will damage both the EU and Uk economies. 
Great to see. Labour need to push this. Brexit is already hurting NHS staffing & finances. Leaving EMA, CU & SM threatens timely medicines supply... and a trade deal with Trump is a huge threat to further runaway privatisation. #BrexitBadForHealth 
Why do we have to pay the expensive BBC tax, when they are so biased in their reporting of Brexit, Italian election result, etc. They do not represent my views, but I still have to pay for this licence. They did not cover Italy until 1:22 pm on yesterday's news at 1. 
Brexit battle lines drawn: 'It's unacceptable!' EU warned DON'T put British lives at risk   
You... er... you don’t really get what that tweet was about, do you?Overwhelming proportion of our medical & NHS experts were Remain for NHS (and medical/health frameworks) protection.Brexit is already hurting NHS staffing, finances - and prepping Trump privatisation deal. 
Dipping a toe in the horrible nightmare of what Brexit is going to do to agriculture exports  
EU guidelines for Brexit trade talks will show yawning gap between what @theresa_may wants and what rest of EU prepared to concede  
Switzerland moves away from Swiss model. EU pressure to increase ECJ influence pays off. Implications for Brexit obvious.  
FT front page this morning: "UK Airlines' Atlantic routes at risk as US offers worse deal after Brexit". So this is our great future in getting deals with the rest of the world Liam Fox bangs on about. No mention of it on the BBC of course. #StopBrexit #FinalSay 
The clue is in the 'still'.  It never did and certainly no longer does make sense to Brexit.  Optimism is no substitute for common sense.  
 No. It’s EU subsidies via single farm payments that goes to well off landowners like I’m a remoaner cos I get £90k a year from the #EUSSR Heseltine. #Brexit means we can concentrate subsidies on environmentally friendly small family farms who provide the landscape we want.  
One of the most interesting Twitter nerds about Brexit and the EU - @ottocrat - is on 9988 followers.Do follow him to send him over the 10k hurdle! He deserves it - top guy and super tweeter! 
#Brexit stamps  
Crucial point being made here by @ChukaUmunna. The Brexit being delivered isn’t the one that was promised. And it isn’t worth it.  
“Brexit isn’t worth it: announcements by Theresa May and Donald Trump in the last few days have made that much clear” | my @Independent column today  
That's called progress. Leaving behind old tropes in the vestigeal forms conjuring them in new ways. If only we could do the same with nation, race. Brexit is a campaign for floppy disks.  
I know that that does not sound very nice, but it is true and I hope you can see that. I have asked repeatedly that you have to give us one thing: respect what our Brexit reality means. In part, there can be no doubt, it means apathy. 4/  
May says UK 'can set example to world' with Brexit deal | Arlene Foster calls for explicit guarantee of no Irish Sea border in UK-EU Treaty ahead of DUP-Barnier meeting | Hammond urges no-deal planning to continue to 2020   
Businesses: you know Brexit is crazy. You've told me so countless times in the last 1.5yrs. But the public don't know this. Tell them, not because politicians like me want you to, but because people need to know the truth.  
The UK is being lead by ignorant foolish people. It's is being driven away, kicking and screaming, from its biggest market. Barriers to trade are being erected by the arrogant view that it can leave the CU and SM but still benefit from them. How is #Brexit a good idea? 
“Brexit is a golden opportunity. A sharp reduction in EU migration must be the reddest of red lines.“RT if you agree!  
Henry came to Arsenal as a winger,Wenger turned him to a striker, made him an EPL legend. He went on to have a largely disappointing spell under Pep but now claims he learnt football under him.Bandwagonism is a strong force.That's why Brexit happened. And Trump. And Hitler. 
I welcome Sir John Major calling for a free vote on the deal in parliament and a referendum on the deal. It’s a shame that an honest and reasonable Tory is so rare these days. @theresa_may must grant the public a vote on the deal and a chance to #ExitFromBrexit 
BREXIT a sad tale:REMAIN..’Don’t do it. It will be a disaster for all these very detailed reasons’LEAVE ‘Project Fear..Britain is Great..cake...unicorns’NOW..We apologise for the late arrival of our cake and unicorns. This is due to REMAIN having been correct along..... 
Ireland refuses to negotiate Brexit direct with UK but only as part of EU27. Sums up new power alignment: UK can no longer treat Dublin as virtual client. Meanwhile, UK won’t table border proposition in response to EU text which PM rejected. Why? Because can’t agree what to say. 
Exceptional piece from @pollytoynbee - I agree with every word. If business speaks up it will change the game on Brexit.Business must speak up, and save Britain from Brexit | Polly Toynbee  
It’s Tuesday.And my country has tied itself into an enormous #Brexit knot.The vast majority of our elected representatives know that #Brexit is a huge, costly mistake but are too scared to say it out loud and explain it to the people. #StopBrexitSaveBritain#NotInMyName 
This morning at 10.30am the @GoodLawProject and @MollyMEP will be in the High Court asking for permission to seek to compel the Government to publish the secret Brexit studies. 
It would be nice to spend a bit more time thinking about Brexit, said absolutely no one. 
Very good article, I agree with every word. One wonders - if you’re right about Theresa May being ‘moral’ & ‘dutiful’ - how she can live with herself. She knows it was a referendum won on lies, she knows what was sold isn’t deliverable. Yet she continually lies to the public  
Products such as Scotch Whisky, Arbroath Smokies and Stornoway Black Pudding are all at risk – and Scotland's Brexit Minister is furious about it 
#Brexit, the #US, #China and the future of global #trade  
The economic damage of #Brexit is now mounting dramatically:  
The grand irony? Cameron held a totally unnecessary referendum on membership of the EU because he was scared witless of UKIP. Today the Tory party is more UKIP than UKIP. 
REVEALED: Political parties and TUC to hold SECRET meeting in fresh bid to STOP Brexit. Idiots! We are Leaving stop this Undemocratic affront to British People!  
This superb piece by @fotoole should really nag the Brexiteers- does #UK state have the capacity to deliver any kind of Brexit without chaos-all bets are off  
de Rynck: It was a fantasy to suggest that it was the EU that was seeking to impose a north-south (Irish) border - such a border was a legal necessity for the UK, & was a product of the UK decision to leave. He said “Who is asking for a border? Brexit is asking for a border”. 
No Mandate MAY (Election result supercedes dodgy Referendum) has NO RIGHT to take us out of the Single Market,Customs AND the EEAIt's your food/fuel/kids' futures/jobs/travel/NHS at stake.WAKE UP UK! Don't let the Fascists take over!#fbpe #stopbrexit #theresamay 
Only @theresa_may would be inept enough to say shes been looking at the US-Canada customs arrangement to solve the Irish border problem after Brexit, a hard border with physical infrastructure, customs posts and people in uniforms with guns and dogs!  
And why would they want to stay @UniversitiesUK when their pension is 60% less than before? #USSstrikes Brexit brain drain: elite universities say they are losing future research stars  
‘Red Brexit,’Blue Brexit,’ any Brexit is just putting adherence to ideology before the well being of the ordinary people of this country.  It doesn’t matter if you devastate their lives, as long as they realise they need your political faction, it’s a price worth paying.  
Brexit is a dereliction of duty by MPs. They are meant to work in our best interests and in the best interests of the UK.Can you imagine directors of a company voting & working to make their company and staff worse off just to satisfy the top shareholders?Brexit is like #BHS 
Brilliant! But guess where the bulk of funding comes from? Yes, the EU. The team are desperate that the funding continues - it might not because of Brexit.  
Spell it out.The EU decided to abolish off shore tax avoidance and this is when the UK government decided to leave the EU. The EU is good for ordinary people. It looks out for you. The UK Tories are robbing you.Brexit is in their interests, not in yours.#FinalSayForAll 
So our Brexit supporting 'trade deal saviour' Donald Trump stabs us in the back with a 25% tariff on steel imports. Good job we've got a free trade deal with the EU, the biggest trade bloc in the world...oh, but we're throwing that away! Bugger! #FinalSay #NotWorthIt #FBPE 
A wildly successful Scottish global brand, with no real ceiling on its advance, about to be snuffed out by a Brexitannia-US trade deal. This is just destruction. A story of outrage needs to begin about Scotland's reversal under Brexit:  
Brexit consequences. The EU warned us that there would be "consequences" for the UK daring to leave. Oh yes...> No government in Germany> Italy threatening to pull out of the Euro> Other members talking leaving> Possible death of the Euro> EU turmoil 
Deep concern about handling of child abduction & cross-border divorces in 10 hrs of debate on EU Withdrawal Bill finishing at 1230am. Brexit ideology seriously damaging child welfare unless Govt agrees to stay in EU arrangements. But they say ‘no.’ 
This article by former Taoiseach John Bruton is well worth a read. Superb analysis of #Brexit & @theresa_may’s contradictory & unhelpful stance. Thanks to @BrigidLaffan for sharing. Would never have stumbled across it otherwise; I don’t often browse the Meath Chronicle’s pages... 
On Brexit, Theresa May is pursuing a policy she does not truly think is in the national interest - my column  
Another ridiculious #Brexitter argument: "you were told the truth (just not by us) ..."#Brexit #StopBrexit #DavidDavis #Remain #Brexitshambles #EU #FBPE #ABTV #WATON #rEUnion 
FT takes great joy in pointing out investors have shunned UK equities, which have performed less well than German equities +34% & US 36.4% since referendum, FTSE 100 only 14.6%. No comment is made that 60% are dollar earnings & that FTSE's run was in 2015/6 recovery of miners etc 
Red underlined explains Corbyn’s views on EU & his approach to Brexit. Note no attempt to explore how rules on privatisation etc could form basis for negotiation with the EU. Not easy to change a one-track mind but a vote for LibDems/Greens in local elections in May might help  
Saudi Arabia's Foreign Secretary has said Britain can expect an even stronger relationship with the country after Brexit  
Brexit brain drain: elite universities say they are losing future research stars  
John here (who voted leave in June 2016) makes an excellent point that #brexit is so complex that it should have never been put to a public vote. Even many politicians and commentators didn’t appreciate the half of it! @sigma_john  for joining so many others as a #remainernow 
Up early on way to Brussels to talk Brexit & the NHS. We can’t let patient care suffer. That means allowing our NHS & care sector to recruit staff; and we’ll seek access to European Medicines Agency so no delays in accessing new medicines & treatments  
The thing is I understood a lot less about how the EU operate before the referendum. Now I fully understand & feel fully justified in putting my cross in the right box #Brexit 
Guy Verhofstadt set to visit the UK to tell Theresa May that [predictably] the EU are not happy with her proposals again ... Tell him to shove off !#Brexit #Brexiteers #LeaveEU #leave 
Letter I wrote on behalf of @LondonLibDems in response to @jeremycorbyn's #Brexit speech published by @guardian. It doesn't mention that 108 of our council candidates from across London also signed. 
If May is fully committed to Brexit and the UK she should demonstrate it clearly by making St Georges Day a national holiday. 
"We THE PEOPLE chose to take control of BRITISH democracy and law!""Ok. Would you like to oversee what the government's doing with its Brexit legal apparatus, and open a public vote on whether or not it's suitable, ethical and correct?"..........."Nah." 
WELL DONE BREXITERS-Now its been admitted that there will be no Financial Passporting the UK economy will take a hit of between 10-30% as finance has to leave the City of London. After Brexit we will look back on the Tory austerity as a good time. The futures "good old days" 
For NASA it's all about power...taking it by hook or by crook!!! Who opposed the Bomas draft and defeated it in a referendum? When you want power BADLY have a long term strategy and plan proper!!! @JunetMohamed @WehliyeMohamed @DonaldBKipkorir 
EU Brexit adviser deals blow to Theresa May's free-trade proposal | Politics | The Guardian  
The US is offering a worse airlines deal after Brexit than we currently have as a member of the EU. Further evidence that we will be easy pickings if we foolishly leave the European family of nations.  
Hungary warns EU not to 'punish' Britain for Brexit and rejects Michel Barnier's claim that Theresa May is trying to 'cherry pick' in negotiations   via @MailOnline 
Why are Brextremist BBC presenters allowed to call those who don't accept an extreme Brexit which goes far beyond what was on the ballot paper Remoaners? 
Nice fricken try @AndrewScheer. YOU cannot lay groundwork for something that's already in discussions. YOU have no authority to speak for this country. YOU obviously paid no attention to the fact that nothing can be done until Brexit is complete. You remember supporting the split  
Jacob Rees-Mogg reveals this 'SERIOUS' reason why we're BETTER OFF with Brexit  
What this says to me is @AndrewScheer is really going to meet with Nigel Farage& associates to learn all the dirty tricks that brought about Brexit and use those in lead up to the next election. I would love to hear his explanation for why he needs to go and whose paying for it 
Wrecking the UK with mad #Brexit#ToriesInSixWords 
A quick reminder for anyone in Scotland who's anti brexit and might still be thinking of voting Labour at any upcoming elections.   
Brexit allows Britain to reset taxation, labor, regulatory, and trade policies.  via @Bromund @DailySignal 
Mrs May has nowhere left to go. Her grand design doesn't fit. She either has to make a u-turn on the single market or admit her version of #Brexit is a job destroying, trade killing mess.  
Why is Mr. Scheer pursuing something that was already announced in September, 2017, by Mr. Trudeau and Ms. May. Until Brexit comes into effect, UK can't sign other trade agreements. Strikes me as an excuse for a vacation and an exercise in perceived self-importance. #cdnpoli 
What is this brexit ass bullshit  
: well you should've voted then: what?: yeah you know if you had a problem with brexit you should've voted: WE. ARE. A. DIFFERENT. COUNTRY. TAKE RESPONSIBILITY FOR YOUR ACTIONS YOU NIMRODS 
We now go to Ireland and Britain, on Brexit:: don't worry the irish are definitely leaving the EU: lolwut: yeah they totally are talking about it over there plus the border is not an issue: my dudes the EU helped us recover from yr colonialism 
I worry everyday about when my remission ends, and what kind of country my daughter will grow up in. We need to get rid of Tories as well as Brexit or it will be a disaster for NHS and remains of benefit system. Anybody can get sick, but most don’t think it can happen to them. 
If you voted to leave to give the NHS extra cash and you haven't changed your mind then think again right now. The rest of you? If you still want your fucking Brexit then fuck you.  
Did U mention @AndrewScheer was a Brexit supporter? Be sure to so UK knows what he is! #cdnpoli 
I’m increasingly certain that ‘Red Brexit’ is the best re-frame in modern British politics. When are people going to start making the tees? I want merch. 
Read it and weep young voters who put faith in Corbyn. He never had any intention of stopping Brexit, just wants to pick up the pieces when it all falls apart. Opportunistic & underhanded is what we’ve come to expect. If you think Corbyn is the future you’re living in the past.  
Moltes gràcies @Adamprice! Diolch am wisgo Rhuban Melyn. | Thank you for wearing yellow ribbon in support of Catalans in jail for organising democratic referendum. #LlibertatPresosPolítics 
Said it from the day after the EU referendum vote #Brexit will destroy the UK union:  Happy days inded for all self respecting Scots! 
#otd two years ago this was a story on the front page of the Sunday Times.... Never forget how Brexit was won: only on the back of hate and lies. That’s one reason why nobody has to respect the result of what was an advisory referendum.  
Introduced BrexitLied BrexitFailed Brexit#ToriesInSixWords 
Brexit: drawing conclusions - the practical issues that determine how businesses can function in a post-Brexit world are not being addressed. If they are not given answers, businesses will draw their own conclusions...  #Brexit.  
Talked to Tory pal earlier who seems convinced plan is to create a no deal Brexit Blitz where everything between UK and EU grinds to a very painful halt. From the chaos rises a new Britain with EU demonised. He’s imaginative but way things are going don’t know what to make of it. 
Hang on a minute... they release this - then openly boast that they have employed a troll army to disrupt people tweeting against brexit .......... an army which is pretty easy to spot & ...... yep - you guessed it - is anything but respectful to anyone in exchanges. #Stopbrexit 
We may finally have reached peak #Cakeism @ottocrat! Ian Duncan Smith managing to look smug while simultaneously showing that he doesn't actually understand the idiom he's referring to. The moronathon that is Brexit continues.H/T @mark_johnston 
The case for Brexit just gets stronger and stronger...  
People who hope Brexit will break the EU apart:Vladimir PutinThe far-right TrumpNigel FaragePeople in this list who aren't massive miscreants:Erm  
I will note that this piece doesn’t mention that Scheer was a Brexit supporter.  
I cannot overstate how much I love this. ... And neither can I overstate how much it breaks my heart that young Britons won’t be able to use this if Brexit goes ahead.   
Rees-Mogg, once again, blaming the bogeyman for the carnage within the Tory party. The only thing conspiring to bring down the government is Brexit, and I fully expect it to succeed.  
"U.S. Offers U.K. Worse ‘Open Skies’ Deal After Brexit"... Our own trade deals are turning out to be total shit!  
Has the message got home yet?#stopbrexit before it is too lateAirbus may leave UK unless there is urgent clarity on Brexit trade  
While cable news obsesses and drools over another dumbass from Trump world saying dumb things, far right took over Italy fueled by same engine that gave us Brexit, Trump and other shit. They almost always miss the big stories and then wonder why they’re loathed and not trusted. 
Federal Group are saying there has now been a 'referendum' on poker machines so new laws must be passed. Does @WillHodgman agree that other policies didn't matter? What will Liberal voters think of the claim they voted only on this? A true pokies plebiscite? Bring it on! #politas 
WOW!Look i've found ONE reason from a Brexiter for wanting to leave the EU! Although I can't help but think that we would have greater influence on reforming dubious policies inside the union than outside... But you know...#Brexit means #Brexit  
Steele Invited a Terrorist, Opposed Brexit, Employees Allowed to Stay Home After Trump Won  
Airbus may leave UK unless there is urgent clarity on Brexit trade.Plane maker needs EU Customs Union clarity to continue to manufacture in the UK.Brexit is putting British jobs and industries at risk. #StopBrexit.  
‘Executives are worried that Brexit could impose tariffs and customs checks between Britain and the EU, snarling up supply chains, adding costs and risking the viability of plants.’May is risking millions of British jobs, just to keep her own.  
BREXIT: Ford calls for Brexit clarity before it commits to future UK investment / #EU #Brexit #Manufacturing 
“Airbus may leave UK unless there is urgent clarity on Brexit trade” - this is very serious indeed and illustrates how wrongheaded it is to leave the Customs Union  
A worrying by-product of #Brexit has been startling decline in what's considered acceptable language by politicians. As language descends into cries of 'betrayal', 'traitors' & 'enemies', the risk of another attack on an MP increases.Cross-party action is needed to stop this.  
There’s a serious problem with the Brexit negotiations: they hinge on something that should be non-negotiable — the right of the British people to determine Britain’s laws and future.Read Brendan O’Neill in today’s Sun:… 
Our @Femi_Sorry met with people in Hull. Some wanted Brexit, some didn't, but most felt the People should have a #FinalSay.#OFOCinHull 
Well it can't can it. Firstly we had an advisory referendum. Secondly the Govt that was in power during the referendum no longer exists and it's parliament has been replaced by another. Thirdly May sought a mandate for her Brexit position and failed to get one.  
Slowly but surely a united front is developing against Brexit, among ordinary people and businesses. All it takes now is for politicians to catch up. 
Q for Remainers, How will u vote in the upcoming local election?Will u vote for an anti Brexit party or stick to allegiances even if that means voting for a pro Brexit party? and do u still consider yourself a remainer if u do?Ps wording may upset but its to make u think. #ABTV 
Another chance to wave around my piece with @laurietannous on US Canada border. @lsebrexitvoteSpoiler: border made soft by regulatory alignment & x-border coopn, not tech. Post-Brexit Irish border could be like US-Canada, says May  
As I keep telling you, folks: stuck on Brexit Island ... we’re not all that far away from it.  
Airbus may leave UK unless there is urgent clarity on Brexit trade - #notrocketscience 
Wonder if the penny is dropping yet with those people who believed what they were told by Johnson, Gove, Rees Mogg, Fox, Hoey and all  the others about a pot of gold at the end of the #Brexit  rainbow ?  
Fucken brexit 
Brexit and Trump, whatever the reasons behind them, are acts of national madness containing within them dangerous elements of self-harm, and the ultimate self-harm is suicide.We must strive to keep Brexit an ‘if’, not a ‘when’By @campbellclaret 
Somebody cleverer than me said Brexit was like trying to remove the eggs from a cake.It turns out to be impossible and not a piece of cake at all. 
Jeremy Corbyn on Tory Brexit Progress: "We've had 20 months of promises, sound bites and confusions"...and this Tory government is "nowhere near to delivering a good deal for Britain"#Pmqs #bbcqt #marr #ToriesInSixWords pic.twitter.com/ybgc7Yme7U 
The UK should hold a referendum on whether to stay in the EU once the conditions of Brexit are clear, according to  Katarina Barley, the German SPD’s general secretary. “When the referendum was held, nobody really knew what it would be about”  
Theresa May has suggested that the post-Brexit Irish border could be like the US-Canada border... There are armed guards and lorry checks - hardly a 'frictionless border' #BrexitShambles 
Tomorrow's front page ... Save our Scottish brands! Brexit minister reacts furiously to reports the US wants to attack protection for Scottish produce in trade deal amid May's 'bargain basement Brexit'  
This is potentially devastating for the South West and the UK’s world-leading aerospace sector. Huge risk to good jobs in the manufacturing sector, compounded by losses in the supply chain. What is it all for? #Brexit  
Customs union membership does not offer the solution for frictionless trade as Single Market standardisation rules offer a further excuse for compliance inspections. But it offers those wishing to disregard the referendum a further excuse, says @cmackinlay 
#Brexit weakens our economy and our influence. It divides us from our allies, damages our reputation, reduces our influence, divides our nation with hate and lies and aids Putin's attack on Western democracy.Brexit is not patriotic. #BrexitBetraysBritain#StopBrexit #FBPE 
A busy day in Brussels. Positive meeting with @MichelBarnier Ireland will not be the collateral damage of the Tory Brexit #NoBorder 
OMG!Nothing! I mean absolutely nothing is off limits it seems when it come to sacrifices in the name of Brexit!When will it ever end.,,#StopBrexitSaveBritain#FBPE 
So I can't predict the future. But if I was trying to come up with a terrible idea execute it as incompetently as possible with a view to inflicting as much damage as possible on an entire society Id find #brexit hard to beat 
Exactly John - ludicrous interventions on this by extreme #Brexit ideologues who suddenly & fearfully see how ill thought out their plans were and how they cannot survive political reality…  
UK-US Open Skies talks hit Brexit turbulence.Negotiations cut short after Washington offers worse package than Britain already gets in the EU.We’re better off if we #StopBrexit and #Remain in the EU.#BrexitReality #FBPE 
If this happened it would be a disaster for UK manufacturing. Airbus may leave UK unless there is urgent clarity on Brexit trade  
In the past 2 years, Putin has won elections in the United States, Austria, Czechia & now Italy. He's also delivered Brexit & performed well in France & Germany. It's because there are no problems in the west & a large amount of people only vote to make Russia happy.  
Opinion: Theresa May's Brexit speech was good but Britain is still on a road to disaster  
UK #Food crisis if we get a no-deal (or a bad deal) #Brexit , says #sainsburys CEO  :  via @BloombergQuint 
The bias of the Treasury during the referendum was as obvious as it was disgraceful.  Equally disgraceful was the complicity of MSM in reporting the Treasury’s nonsense as fact.    
Hugely worrying news re @Airbus given thousands of jobs we rely on in Wales. This is the reality of #Brexit and the reckless approach Theresa May is taking @Open_Britain  
David Allen Green: The EU’s draft Brexit withdrawal agreement indicates that the UK is not taking back control  
Disappointed that the Prime Minister is echoing poisonous rhetoric of calling opponents traitors and unpatriotic. No place for it. Patriotism requires more than just blind faith. Opposition is not unpatriotic. I hold the position I do on Brexit precisely because I love my country  
Ball locks. Brexiteers just don’t want to pay our share for the innumerable benefits we get. Just look how quickly the yanks have started to shaft us with proposed links after Brexit. The UK is choosing to become a small fish in an ocean. 
FINANCIAL TIMES: UK airlines’ Atlantic routes at risk as US offers worse deal after Brexit #tomorrowspaperstoday 
Labour’s Brexit policy is now a fake Brexit where the EU become master of the UK. The EU will still decide UK laws, force EU laws on us, overrule UK courts & control our trade policy. Corbyn is a sellout & unfit to be PM  
Theresa May has said all along no brexit deal is better than a bad deal. It is clear the EU don’t want to make a good deal & want to punish us. A brexit bill,continued free movement,a transition deal & EU courts & laws all mean we have to leave now with no deal.  
BREXIT. Drip. Drip. Drip. Drip. Torrent.  
Once again JRM proves he is the leading light in the fight to save Brexit from ongoing subterfuge of the troublesome trio of Remoaners, the Irish government and the autocrats in Brussels.  
 Italy voted for Freedom. For Culture. For Preservation "All the stores are being taken over, everything is being taken over there is nothing for us. We feel like we are in their house. There are no more Italians there is nothing" #Italy #Italexit #Brexit #ItalyElection2018 
Germany: Merkel weak, coalition fragile, if at all.Spain: Catalan problem.Ireland: Deputy PM resigned, coalition fragile.Poland: Currently being punished for defying EU.Greece: A recovering basket case.Italy: Eurosceptics cleaned up, big probs for EU.#Brexit = Early escape 
This is emphatically not how the US/Canada relationship works. And it is not how the UK-Ireland relationship is going to work after Brexit. Theresa May is adamant that we will leave the customs union, leave the Single Market, and end free movement 8/n 
May claims to have set out in detail what she wants from #Brexit. Just wondering when she'll share it with the rest of us and more importantly the EU.Verbal flatulence and talking in vacuous riddles is never going to cut it. When will the penny drop. 
Here’s an #A50Challenge Decision Tree. Given the serious adverse impact of Brexit on other member states & on citizens across the rest of the EU, further challenges are inevitable, so I don’t see how the UK courts can safely reject @A50Challenge 
Are you a UK  or EU  citizen resident in the UK and want to keep your Freedom of Movement Rights? Please sign and RT!   Petition: Keep freedom of movement for UK and EU Citizens as part of Brexit EU trade deal  
The EU would be mad not to allow the City to continue trading in the EU. Companies based here put more than a trillion quid’s worth of lending into the Continent every year. #Brexit  
I’m proud to have reported last year @patribotics both that @GCHQ has recordings of this meeting and that UKIC recorded Trump and Team Treason the day after #Brexit at #Scot24 
I don't think there are any rational leavers leftThe last #Brexit hangers on who don't have a massive financial cushion to protect have retreated to a "they'll never take me alive!!" mentality  
The truth is that Labour are Unionist lackeys, just as the Tories & LD are. They ride the WM gravy train, aspire to the House of Lords and stick their snouts in the trough. Any socialist principles they had died with Labour's #Brexit hypocrisy. #indy2now please, September 2018 
How the EU has defended the UK against US bully-boy trade tactics. There will be no such support after Brexit.  
No deal is the only deal we want. #Brexit  
With Leo Varadkar, Prime minister of Ireland, to discuss our excellent bilateral relationship, the future of the EU and mainly the consequences of Brexit  
Australian High Commissioner tells @BBCNews that trade with Britain will not particularly increase after Brexit They’re more interested in 600million EU market! 
Please RT. @Theresa_May knows full well that what she wants for #Britain after #Brexit is impossible. Her #RoadtoBrexit is going nowhere. Read @Jon_Danzig’s blog to find out why.  @BestforBritain @OpenBritain @campbellclaret @RemainingKind @Labour4EU 
A Red Brexit which prioritises workers and internationalism certainly sounds better than a race to the bottom Blue Brexit!  
Post-Brexit Irish border could be like US-Canada, says May Totally bloody idiotic - that is as hard a border as there isYou can get into Canada with a driver's license but can't use it to get back into the US 
"After Brexit many Conservative supporters will no doubt be pleased that they will be able to continue with their tax-evasion schemes." 
The timeframe for businesses to make post-Brexit location and investment decisions isn't the same as for the political process. Many of those decisions are going to be made, literally, in the next few weeks. As warned in my October 2017 blog post:  
I asked the PM today whether she was willing to back the majority in this country who don't support hard #Brexit.  She said No. She will be the third Tory PM who will be destroyed by her party's obsession with Europe. But this time she risks dragging the rest of us down with her 
Leo Varadkar has definitively quashed Theresa May's suggestion of looking at US-Canada style border after Brexit  
The five laws of Maybotics, rendered vaguely for Brexit | John Crace  
Just listened to PM #Brexit statement repeated in the Lords. So the Gov admits we won't have 'the exact same benefits', will have to belong to EU agencies, will have to find a solution for Irish border and there will be costs and huge complexity. What will be next? 
In Westminster at an event on young people, brexit & devolved nations. Koulla of @nichildcom was invited to speak & instead she brought a delegation of six young people; THAT is leadership. #APPGBREXIT 
Listening to Swedish actress, Alicia Vikander, on the One Show, I think I understand why some people in the UK voted for Brexit. I suspect quite a few Brexiters are jealous of forriners’ incredible grasp of English, when they can barely string a sentence together.   
The BBC is obsessed with America and American news, especially mass shootings and the latest Trump outrage. Meanwhile, most of Europe is ignored... yet another reason for Brexit!  
This is really the crux of almost every aspect of UK Brexit policy, which seems to be about trying to replicate through the back door as much as possible of EU membership. That has been apparent since the White Paper:  1/5 
WATCH: Theresa May admits what we've all known for a long, long time - that #Brexit in the terms it was sold cannot be delivered. We can, and should, keep an open mind on whether Brexit is the best choice for our country:  
In the battle against Brexit the cavalry has started to arrive - and by cavalry, I mean reality...but on horseback. 
When Brexit detroys your job & your NHS, these shysters won’t say sorry. They'll blame the EU, Unions, Remainers...anyone but themselves. Don't wait until it's too late to wake up to the danger.Take back control of your future. Reject Brexit. #FinalSay #FBPE #JaguarLandRover 
Voting is tomorrow! There have been many questions and misconceptions about the @DailyEvergreen fee referendum. Indulge me for a thread as I clarify and give some facts. 
The abdication of American leadership on one hand, Brexit on the other, & all the causes and consequences of both those phenomena mean that it is legitimate to say there is an unprecedented questioning of Britain’s foreign policy. My thoughts on @guardian: 
Dear Brexiters in #Cornwall,Looks like people may soon be able to buy "Cornish" pasties made in the US with hormone-injected beef. - once we've got rid of that pesky EU protected status.Isn't #Brexit wonderful?(HT @paullewismoney) 
The Guardian: "Airbus has warned it would have to consider its position in the UK without imminent clarity over customs rules after Brexit." 15,000 people work for Airbus in the UK. 
PM @Xavier_Bettel learned his English in Malahide. Relations between our two counties are very strong. In the context of Brexit it’s important we maintain these links.  
Is British politics realigning because of an ideological closeness after Brexit? Lord Heseltine shares his thoughts with George. Watch below ▼@georgegalloway 
Last October I wrote about aviation suffering due to Brexit...Today the USA refused us same terms on Open Skies..Time to revisit....  
Luxembourg PM @Xavier_Bettel and I discussed the EU Budget post 2020, cohension funding,  and EU priorities such as education and climate action. We also discussed #Brexit and our respective campaigns for a seat on the UN Security Council.  
Will there be a robust government response to what is very likely another instance of Russian state terrorism in Britain? One doubts it. Britain is helping Putin with #Brexit, so why would it offend him about this? #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit 
.@StefaanDeRynck senior advisor to @MichelBarnier, speaking at #LSEBrexit "Brexit means that the UK falls out of over 750 international agreements. We cannot speak on behalf of third countries [as to whether they will offer the UK the same benefits]" @Open_Britain 
Corbyn is opposing the Tory Brexit. Stop twisting the truth. It only emboldens Tories.  
Worth pointing out - again - that EU citizens will only lose their voting rights in local and devolved elections if domestic law is changed post-Brexit. Also @scotgov is currently consulting on extending the franchise to everyone legally resident in Scotland. 
"I wonder: Am I wanted?" European doctors working in Britain are feeling hurt by Brexit  
U.S. offers the U.K. a worse "open skies" deal after Brexit  
Theresa May has made it clear in recent days: Brexit isn’t worth it - @ChukaUmunna 
and the same Bill Cash who is a Brexit fanatic, but wants his Grandkids' rights upheld in Spain... 
"The never-ending fight for justice and equality". Link to listen to my interview with @mrjamesob on his podcast - I talked about fatherhood, family, Grenfell, Brexit, authenticity, turning down media requests and doing my very best to fight injustices. 
"When Theresa May gets into negotiations with her European counterparts about trade arrangements, could she remind them that cake exists to be eaten and cherries exist to be picked." #Brexit  
Another Brexit disaster.  Airborne this time. But in Scotland we have a choice. A parachute back into the EU. We can escape #Brexitchaos 
The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing.Edmund BurkeDoing nothing is not an option, for the sake of our businesses, economy, childrens' futures you must speak up. Brexit will not be in anyone's interest.  
A majority of TDs elected in 2016 gave a commitment to a referendum on public ownership of our water sign the...  
Commenting on Damian Green's calls for the Brexit papers to be made public“It is shameful that this government is keeping the public in the dark about Brexit. The future of the UK is being plotted behind closed doors, without scrutiny and without transparency” says @thomasbrake 
Billionaire media tycoon and multiple time Prime Minister of Italy is anti establishment according to the Sad Boys of Brexit  
Hmm ... So you're okay with uncontrolled EU immigration over the open NI border. Strange, I kinda thought that was what Brexit was supposed to fix.And what about Commonwealth migrants entering the EU illegally over the NI border?You okay with that too?#FBPE  
Varadkar rejects May's plan for three-way Brexit talks.How stupid. He's being used by the EU, who will thank Ireland for it by shitting on Ireland whenever it suits them.  
Irish border v US/Canada border; would be a majorly regressive step to put up such a hard alternative post #Brexit  
A hard #Brexit could cost the Irish economy €18 billion, resulting in thousands of job losses and leading to the cost of the trade of goods to the UK rising by more than 30 per cent. @theresa_may must step-up and deal with this economic and security issue. 
'Brexit isn't worth it: the latest announcements by Donald Trump and Theresa May have made that clear' | @ChukaUmunna  
Guy Verhofstadt visits London to tell Theresa May she must produce 'credible' Brexit proposals  
Brexit Boom: Manufacturing Set to Outpace the Rest of Economy as Exports Surge   
Theresa May Just 49 Brexit Speeches Away From Having Brexit Plan  
WATCH: Leave cheerleaders Farage, Fox & Boris have all called for closer trade ties with Trump's US after Brexit.As Trump slapping on of steel tariffs today shows, his 'America First' policy is bad for Britain. Please RT so everybody knows the dangers of a Trump trade deal:  
Airbus may leave UK unless there is urgent clarity on Brexit trade  
"The never-ending fight for justice and equality". I'm new to the podcast world but I really enjoyed sitting down with @mrjamesob to talk fatherhood, family, Grenfell, Brexit, turning down media requests and doing my very best to fight injustices.  
Oops! The government's attempts to cover up for the DUP's Brexit donation continue to lead it onto shaky ground...   #brexitdarkmoney 
9 out of 10 of the EU’s poorest areas are in UK. That’s real UK misgovernment for you...and Brexit will make it...worse 
Theresa May Lancaster House Speech: There will be no second referendum.Theresa May Florence Speech: There will be no second referendum.Theresa May Mansion House Speech: There will be no second referendum.Remainers today: Will Theresa May call a second referendum??Me:  
Devo did make SO redundant - all parties agreed. Until the rise of the Nats when the Brits wet their pants. Then it became the last bastion of resistance. Now it is ready  to take back powers as Brexit unfolds. 
#Brexit Quisling @Nigel_Farage on Fox News calling for UK/EU to surrender to threats from Trump, throwing our steel and car industries to the wolves. Whatever this man is, he’s no patriot 
Of course the irony of Bill Cash, Theresa May, Nadine Dorries and the rest accusing the left and Labour of 'betrayal' over Brexit is that they would sell the #NHS, rail, utilities and any other prestige public services to international conglomerates in the blink of an eye! 
Apparently the only people not responsible for Brexit being an unholy mess are the the people who wanted and voted for it. 
Today in the Commons .@vincecable demands that May be honest about her red lines during Brexit negotiations  
 Brand new Unfiltered: @DavidLammy MP joins @mrjamesob to talk fatherhood, family, race, Grenfell, Brexit, and remaining an optimist when the world is falling apart.Listen and subscribe to Unfiltered for the full episode. 
Dear Iain Duncan Smith,Regarding your comments on cakes and Brexit. Cakes should never be half-baked. Or hard. Or completely nutty.Regards,Tom#IainDuncanSmithIdioms 
.Theresa_May saying she understands why young voters are angry about the lack of affordable housing. She should also acknowledge why they are angry at being forced out of the EU by her generation when 76% want to Remain. #Brexit. 
Blown off courseToday's Brexit wobble by Theresa May shows what happens when the BBC does its job 
WATCH: @SDoughtyMP slams the Gov's decision to carry on with a hard & destructive Brexit, despite their own analysis demonstrating the damage this will do to our economy. Please RT:  
Lots of negativity on here lately. Its easy to forget how much of a game-changer the last Labour election manifesto was. Between this, and Labours positive approach to Brexit, we should be encouraging people to join Labour and get involved in our great grassroots movement #signup 
90 mins into questions on prime minister’s Brexit statement, selection of MPs to ask questions included 3 Lib Dems and 2 SNP. SNP have almost exactly 3 times as many MPs. When did they change principle that parties would be called in proportion to their total no of MPs? 
It is about time some realised this.ThereWillNotBeAnotherReferendum  
 @IanBlackfordMP​: "Scotland cannot and will not be ripped out of the Customs Union and Single Market against our will." #SingleMarket #Brexit  
Great to see @joannaccherry putting the Prime Minister under pressure with the tough questions on Brexit - asks PM if she disagrees with EU draft withdrawal agreement - when she will produce her own given her December commitment on the Irish border... no answer from PM 
Iain Duncan-Smith“When [Theresa May] gets into negotiations with her EU counterparts about trade arrangements, could she remind them that cake exists to be eaten & cherries exist to be picked!”PM May "Giving #EU a very clear sense of direction"#Brexit 
Until @NicolaSturgeon & @theSNP can explain why leaving an economic union after 40 years spells Armageddon, yet leaving a political, social & economic union after 300 years is a walk in the park, then their views on #Brexit should not be sought by MSM 
WATCH: @CarolineLucas asks the PM that as the Brexit that was promised is no longer going to be delivered, that the vote on the deal should go back to the people. Please RT:  
Membership of the single market and Customs Union post-Brexit would see the UK become a rule taker, not a rule maker, and @BenPBradshaw is wrong to think that “the European Union would put the interests of the United Kingdom first” in that scenario, says @theresa_may 
"Nicola Sturgeon will not budge in her opposition to the UK government's Brexit Bill" says Michael Settle, which is a bit mysterious, because only a couple of weeks ago he told us that she was totally cool with it now and was about to drop all of her objections.  "Sources", eh? 
Just been at Tripartite Commons-Lords-UKMEP bi-annual meeting. It seems that #Brexit means just leaving all decision-making to the remaining EU27, but still following the rules they set....So much for taking back control! 
UK Tory Govt has made no progress on Brexit and we will all suffer. Everyone in Scotland £2300 per year worse off. Theresa May has no interest in Scotland and claims we will be better off as part of UK.  How?  
What is she playing at? I thought she wanted an end to nasty politics? This has to stop. Brexit has to stop. 
Pat McFadden - This is the public burial of the claim made by her brexit secretary that the Govs. aim was to secure exactly the same benefits that we now enjoy. What is that economic cost? ... when will the public be told about it? & who will pay it?#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Scotland is in the position it is in cos no voters thought they were voting to stay in a strong family of nations.In the real world Westminster saw that NO vote as weakness,which is why they have kept brexit from scots 
Since UK PM May has just said that she is examining the US-Canada border as a possible model for the Irish border post-Brexit, below was the Irish Taoiseach's assessment of the US-Canada when he visited it last year.  
Newspaper articles reporting that @SimonHarrisTD plans to introduce #Abortion referendum legislation on 8th March #IWD2018 This is offensive to us and unborn children. Has this been agreed with @NWCI? They do not represent @Nurses4lifeIrl who respect & uphold #life #notinourname 
WATCH: @patmcfaddenmp slams the Gov for finally admitting that its original aim of delivering 'the exact same benefits' won't happen. So how much will Brexit cost Britain? Please RT:  
Theresa May now says the EU will get a say on the UK's post Brexit immigration system!! nothing to do with the EU anymore. May is weak beyond belief  
Italy is just the latest EU country to revolt against the EU. They have had enough just like many other nations who don't share the EU's insane vision for Europe. Brexit was only the beginning.  
May’s Brexit plan is a sham & that is even if she gets the EU to agree to all her terms which she won’t.May stabbed Brits in the back on key issues like fishing,immigration,money,EU courts & trade.Her proposed deal will prevent real Brexit & keep us trapped under EU control  
"We are a European nation and intend to stay as one" says @IanBlackfordMP #Brexit #PMstatement 
SNP leader in Westminster, @IanBlackfordMP, says Scotland's voice is not been heard during the Prime Minister's Brexit statement. PM points out that there are only 9 SNP MPs in attendance, with 13 @ScotTories MPs in attendance. 
Brexit and Trump explained.  
A shame to hear @jeremycorbyn refuse to oppose Tory Brexit. By far the biggest threat to our public services is the Tory #Brexit plan being executed by a cabinet of deregulators.  
Compare Theresa May standing at the dispatch box with her positive vision for a post-Brexit Britain, with Labour who heckle like children and whose latest Brexit stance is a 'betrayal of the British people'. "He can lead a protest, I'm leading a country" comes to mind. #ImWithMay 
US negotiators are “trade warriors” and their President welcomes trade wars.   @GovUK intends to walk out of the strongest FTA in the world in the hope that it might , on its own and without negotiating experience, be able to get a good deal from such people.  #Brexit #Madness 
My intervention during the PM’s statement on UK/EU Future Economic Partnership. I am pleased the PM confirmed that the UK Government will ensure that we are ready to leave in March 2019, with or without a deal or a positive response from the EU:  #Brexit  
Top academics pour scorn on Treasury studies on Brexit impact  
Brexit will be open season for bad trade deals for Britain with the United States, just see the rubbish America offered on #openskies after we leave the EU. 
Russia is engaged in a hybrid war against Western democracies including Britain. By pressing on with #Brexit the government is knowingly helping Russia in that war. In other words it is helping an enemy of our country.#BrexitBetraysBritain#StopBrexit #FBPE 
If Brexit has done nothing else it has confirmed that ‘have your cake and eat it’ is a rubbish expression that nobody understands 
Jeremy Corbyn says government is "nowhere near to delivering a good deal for Britain" over #Brexit 
*Holds head in hands**Thinks of time, effort & resource plunged into the black hole of Brexit*Is this all because Brexiters didn’t like the word “European” defining the Court of Justice, or the Charter?*holds head in hands*.#ThinkAgain #AskAgain #BrexitReality 
PM’s #Brexit statement rivals Queen in Through The Looking Glass - thinking 6 impossible things before breakfast.  Apparently strengthening union by introducing hard border & protecting jobs by making the country poorer 
Theresa May's speech has failed to deliver any solutions or recognise the concerns expressed by Scotland. Here's why, to protect jobs and living standards, we need a 'Norway-style' deal that keeps us in the Single Market. #Brexit  
Theresa May says Britain's handling of Brexit negotiations will "set an example for the world." 
Theresa May tells MPs she is seeking the "broadest & deepest possible economic partnership" with the EU after #Brexit  
As much as we need to ask questions as to why our government cannot come up with a coherent #Brexit plan, we need to ask why our media is incapable of producing a single interviewer capable of taking her to task on the specifics. 
1. UK-US Open Skies talks hit Brexit turbulenceIs there #Brexit supporter realising that to swap membership of the EU for some form of subservience to the USA & China is doing anything other than taking back CONTROL?! #StopBrexit via @financialtimes 
Summary:1. The former 'evil tax-dodging corporations' - now 'Our Businesses' - must speak up, and save Britain from Brexit.2. After all, all other Remain stunts have failed. 3. We're desperate now.4. Not even Our Hard Border seems to have any traction. 5. That's all, folks!  
Obviously I cannot account for everybody from within the yes movement but personally, the minute I saw the Brexit result in scotland compared to the rest of the UK, I realised I was looking at independence.  #indyref2 #brexit #Scotland #ScotRef 
I'm making it easier for EU citizens living in London to access online the information they need to stay in the UK after Brexit. Details of what we've got planned can be found here:  
Brexit is like that period in the 1980s when Sting thought he could act. Delusional. 
Nearly two years from the referendum and Theresa May rounds off a speech with "Let's get on with it". FFS! We should be dotting the i’s and crossing the t’s by now. 
After all, how it would look if we approved a new open cast coal mining project at a time the electorate was worried about what Brexit will mean for the protection of our lived environment?  
I have decided to join the Liberal Democrats.They are the only party that is actively fighting against the Brexit disaster. @LibDems  via 
Another Brexit alarm - international aviation  
There have been fears over slowing activity in the manufacturing sector in recent weeks as concerns mount over Brexit and the value of the pound. But the EEF and BDO said factory output and total orders had remained in “very positive territory”.  
Must read scoop We are being offered a worse deal, post Brexit, on Open Skies with US  
The damage of #Brexit does not matter Robert.We still have the Empire.Oh!Never mind we still have the Commonwealth.Oh!Well we still have the vassal states of NI and Scotland.Oh! 
UK-US Open Skies talks hit #brexit turbulence as negotiations cut short when Washington proposes worse deal than the one currently available to EU members:  
The emerging mismatch of Brexit detail and UK rhetoricThe EU’s draft withdrawal agreement indicates that the UK is not taking back controlBy me, at @FT 
Daniel Hannan on Brexit withdrawal, 20 June 2016: "Terms [will be] agreed easily enough."    And now?  
Italian election results: THIS is Italy's potential new PM and he LOVES Brexit  
"Wrecking pensions will only result in talent leaving higher education, already a major risk due to Brexit"@Ross_Greer on why we're supporting striking members of the @ucu  
Hey @BBCNews @BBC, is it too much to ask, that as license fee payers, you represent and report both sides of the Brexit debate fairly? This is THE most important decision to be made in our lifetime and people have a right to know the truth, whatever that may be. RT if you agree  
The US is offering Britain a worse “Open Skies” deal after Brexit than it had as an EU member, in a negotiating stance that would badly hit the transatlantic operating rights of British Airways and Virgin Atlantic.  
Business must speak up, and save Britain from Brexit - they need to say publicly what they are warning of privately  
To me a recent discovery for all Brextremists who want no EU FTA deal & default to only WTO is UK will never have a member (judge) on the WTO Appellate Body as it is reserved for Europe and why would EU & candidates ever vote a Brit in after Brexit. Yet another loss of influence  
BREXIT: UK driving licences will not be recognised in the EU after Brexit / #EU #Brexit  via @ThisIsMoney 
Salute the courage and dedication of all those giving up parts of their own life fighting Brexit. As SM & CU are definitively ruled out by HMG I'm now fully behind a Referendum on Brexit final deal.  
The Centre cannot hold. Denying the reasons for the collapse merely hastens the decline. It’s time for class politics, the only politics which can unite the great majority. Against our rulers, against the establishment, against the elite. It’s time already. #Italy #Corbyn #Brexit  
I can feel the trolling starting already but one of the things that never fails to shock me about Brexit is how unimaginative some  people can be about it - i.e. I'm not personally affected by it so I can't be bothered to try to see it from anyone else's perspective. 
Jeremy Corbyn’s “jobs-first approach to Brexit” is a dangerous, meaningless and totally undeliverable soundbite with Britain out of the single market. He must commit to staying in both the customs union and single market, whilst also giving people a chance to vote on the deal. 
This is precisely the analysis you get if you look to an EU lawyer. Brexit is fundamentally a political issue as @gideonrachman underlines so persuasively in today's @FT 
The permission hearing in our case to compel the publication of the Secret Brexit Studies will take place tomorrow in Court 1 "not before" 10.30am.  
#Brexit was a vote to take back what we never lost, in order to lose everything we currently have. 
The US is offering Britain a worse “Open Skies” deal after Brexit than it had as an EU member, in a negotiating stance that would badly hit the transatlantic operating rights of British Airways and Virgin Atlantic.Well done Brexiters, well done. 
Will there be no end to the benefits of #Brexit. I'm getting so tired of winning all the time: No £350m/wk; reduced market access; loss of workers in various sectors; M20 queues..? Brextards are just being obtuse in sticking to this course, or is it just self-interest? 
UK-US Open Skies talks hit Brexit turbulence  
People who think #indyref2 can wait till after Brexit, obviously don't know many EU citizens. Because these people can't wait. And in my mind they're actually more important than even the economic component of leaving the SM & CU. 
I am convinced main reason why @Jacob_Rees_Mogg and ERG Tory MPs largely supportive of @theresa_may Brexit trade policy is they think zero prospect of EU 27 saying yes, so UK will get Canada-style free trade deal at best - which is precisely what they prefer 
Help Jeremy learn a lesson: that he needs to commit to stopping Brexit. You can help him learn that by ABTV Anti-Brexit Tactical Voting. On Brexit Lab=Con: so vote Green, Renew, LibDem. 
The @CommonsEFRA will hold an oral evidence meeting on the Fur Trade in the UK on Wed 7 March. Likely discussions include: the sale of real fur as fake fur, the need for improved labelling, and post-Brexit opportunities to change legislation  
The UK is unequal. Those in the North have far fewer opportunities than those in the South.And rather than fixing that problem, the government is all tied up in a Brexit that will only make that imbalance worse. (credit: @SkyNews) 
I'm weary (and a wee bit bored) debating when #indyref2 should be held. IMO, if it's not held BEFORE Brexit takes hold it's actually rather meaningless. Because after that it will be too late. 
Under the law of the land, a referendum can only be advisory; it is never mandating. Parliament is supposed to consider and weigh the result, and reach a decision in the best interests of the country. That simply didn't happen. #StopBrexit 
You need to commit to stopping Brexit, then we’ll start believing that you can do something for the many.  
London's one million EU citizens make a huge contribution to our city. We're making it easier to access online the information needed to stay in the UK after Brexit. Details of our plans are here:  
The US is offering Britain a worse “Open Skies” deal after #Brexit than it had as an EU member - @FT scoop by @KatrinaManson @alexebarker @tanyapowley 
It's pretty terrifying that whilst 'Stop Brexit' has its head down on its blinkered crusade it never thinks about the damage that would be inflicted on British democracy and society if it somehow overturned the referendum result and it never talks about the EU's actual direction. 
FT on -  Open Skies problem post-Brexit. Wasn’t the Brexiters biggest hope that  would do what  demanded? And the UK needs 65 airline deals by March 2019… Not. A. Hope.#Brexit 
The notion of 'taking advantage' of trade deals with the rest of the world has to be challenged. Yes we could make such deals, but it's very doubtful that the big ones with the USA & China would be better for us than the arrangements the EU has & will obtain.#StopBrexit #Brexit 
.@sinnfeinireland delegation led by Party President @MaryLouMcDonald in Brussels today defending Ireland’s interests against Brexit in meeting with EU Chief Negotiator Michel Barnier  
Gloomy Treasury forecasts that predict Brexit will be an economic disaster are ‘flawed’, Cambridge researchers warn 
Please help Brits living in the EU to maintain their ability to vote.They must renew every 12 months!Be prepared for a snap election or another referendum@BremainInSpain etc#StopBrexit #StopBrexit2018 #Remain 
Good meeting this morning with @MaryLouMcDonald and @moneillsf @sinnfeinireland - essential to listen to all voices in Northern Ireland. Meeting @DUPleader tomorrow. Working to ensure the #UK’s orderly withdrawal #Brexit  
Sturgeon was for Yes side in Indy ref.She lost.Sturgeon supported Remain in the EU referendum.She lost.Sturgeon lost 31 MP's and 500,000 votes in General Election.She is a serial loser.Why on earth do we have to put up with her until 2021? 
Very good. Let’s see the screw turned on the Brexit b*stards. Absolutely no mercy, ever  
WATCH: Theresa May has finally admitted what has been clear for some time - the Brexit that will be delivered is not the one that was promised.Please RT so everybody knows they can keep an open mind on Brexit:  
PM warned over 'dangerous' lack of realism on #Brexit in damning assessment by top EU lawyer @piris_jc 
Now it looks as if even Brexiters won't get what they wanted from Brexit. No control, no new trade deals, probably not even reduced immigration (since non-EU immigration will have to rise to replace the workforce we lose).Face it, chaps: you need Remain now as much as we do. 
Thoughts on the minor issue of how we might actually win a second independence referendum:  
Britain braces for an exodus of E.U. doctors and nurses feeling hurt by Brexit   
I’m sure the reason polling on Brexit in the UK hasn’t really changed is that, for Leavers, the EU playing hard ball has merely confirmed them in everything they dislike about it. Generosity & flexibility would have moved the polls far more effectively, IMO. 
Here's why Renew is standing in London Council Elections on an anti-Brexit ticket - unlike main parties hijacked by extremes! To our EU friends - u can vote 2 - we're fighting for you to stay! #RethinkBrexit #RenewBritain #FBPE #LE2018 #Register2Vote 
Quick update on Brexit for those following in short, somewhat mystified flickers. 1. We don’t have long to sort out how to do it or exactly what it ought to look like.2. We haven’t.3. Nor have we made the necessary infrastructure preparations for leaving.[1/n] 
Obviously, being British, I WOULD think this, but a post-Brexit settlement in which the EU has shown generosity & flexibility is far likelier to help stabilise it than one in which it has behaved with imperious & rigid pique.  
BREXIT BOMBSHELL: Labour accused of plotting with EU officials to keep UK in customs union 
Theresa May giving her speech from inside a chimney to show you where your kids will be working in Brexit Britain 
US are lobbying to drop EU Protected Name Status on British products post Brexit.Cornish Pasties, Melton Mowbray Pies, made in US and imported into Britain. Yep. New non-EU trade deals going to "be easy". #BrexitReality #WhatDidTheEUEverDoForUS#BritishPieWeek 
There’s a lady just ahead of me in the Post Office queue under the misapprehension she’s going to get her pension in Britcoins after Brexit. 
Appeaser Theresa: EU to Have a Say in Setting UK’s Post-Brexit Immigration System   
So switch on #LBC as James O'Brien was moaning about #Brexit. Switch to #BBCDP to find #Labour Hard-Remoaner Mary Creagh slagging off Brexit, demanding we retain our Single Market and Customs Union membership.Mary's constituency voted to Leave the #EU by a massive majority!  
Today's most important Brexit tweet!  
@Rachael_Swindon @UKDemockery Nearly two years after Brexit Fox has negotiated ZERO trade deals. No one is interested in dealing with a corrupt little island in the North Atlantic. The word is out - DESERT Britain, desert FOX  
“We only heard on Friday really a reiteration of what she had said in August” says @hayward_katy on PM and Irish border policy “and that was already dismissed by the EU as being magical thinking” #bbcdp #brexit  
Europe’s strategic choices on Brexit  via @financialtimes An extraordinarily important and timely article. 
On Parliament’s agenda this week?  → #IWD2018 → Brexit → migration  Full lowdown @  
A other day, another example of how costly ( and how unnecessary) #Brexit  is ...Airbus warns it may need to stockpile parts against Brexit - BBC News  
Here we are 20mths on from the #Brexit vote with the Govt still wishing to have cake, with cherries on top & get to eat much of it. THE PLAN: to ditch our largest market in goods & services in the EU & get into bed with a USA about to impose tariffs unilaterally! Smart move. 
An astonishing moment last week at PMQs where a labour leader @jeremycorbyn cited the CBI and the IoD against a Conservative PM. This really does sum up the incompetence of this gvt. and their destructive #Brexit plans, putting internal party politics over national interest. 
Surely so much of Brexit is ruinous EVEN for the most self-interested people in the country? This is not a rhetorical question, I would love for some experts to tell me what I'm missing. 
“The people of the North of Ireland have not consented to #Brexit. #Ireland cannot be the collateral damage here.” - @sinnfeinireland leader @MaryLouMcDonald 
Look.If it turns out Labour WERE playing a "long game" to topple Brexit, I'll rename my children Jeremy, Jeremiah and Jeremette.No.If we pull back from this mess it'll be because you and I didn't stop shouting and pressing.I'm not ready to give up on democracy.#FBPE 
Is Referendum the wish of the people?Please when you type YES or NO also read comments to know exactly the demands of the masses.  
I hope you're taking notes to help future grandchildren with their history homework. I know I am.Anyway, Page 759:"How Brexit led to the Greater Irish Republic, the Democratic State of Scotland, the Former UK Republic of Wales, and the Gloriously English Gammon Empire..." 
If no parliament can bind a successor, why can one electorate on one day in June 2016 bind all future electorates?A referendum can be either democratic or irrevocable, but it cannot be both. 
We all know what rabid nationalism has done in the past. It was utterly criminal of the #Brexit elite to breathe new life into this monster in selfish pursuit of their #BrexitTaxHaven. Already they have created divisions that will take decades to heal. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Remember when tories say 'powers will return to Edinburgh' if they don't say 'Holyrood' they really mean the Scottish Office - the UK department in Edinburgh. #brexit #ContinuityBill #powergrab 
Perfection. Goes for #ItalyElection2018 and so many more! (Ahem #Brexit)Think it's by @FabioDiCorleto 
The woman who voted Remain but eagerly became the Brexit standard bearer so she could become PM has called some people “unscrupulous”.  
.@mrjamesob was talking about Roger Bannister's four-minute mile - and it turned into a perfect Brexit analogy.  
David Jones: Brexit. Why we must all now ready ourselves for no deal – and WTO terms | Conservative Home @DavidJonesMP 
Labour made it clear over and over again - from the moment the results came in - that it would honour the referendum result, and any other claim is rampant historical revisionism. 
. @Anna_Soubry urges May to 'sling out' arch Brexiters.If "we get Jacob Rees-Mogg as our prime minister, we will get a devastating hard Brexit which will cause huge damage to our economy for generations to come.”#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit 
The Telegraph arguing that May's speech isn't a sellout of #brexit because 'we can choose voluntarily to follow EU laws if we wish but it will be our sovereign choice.' How to distinguish this from membership exactly?  
This was Italy's Brexit vote, a tremendous blow to EU authority. But none of the populist parties can truly answer the Italian people's aspirations. Italy needs a new, liberal populism. @Furedibyte on #ItalianElection2018 
The centre-left won all three seats in the center of Milan. Remember London and #Brexit? #ItalyElections2018 
.@theresa_may is totally unrealistic about what can be achieved in #Brexit negotiations.She needs to wake-up before it is too late and the economic damage is catastrophic. We will be worse off in every scenario.She must grant the public a vote on the deal.  
IMO the Brexit vote is far too complex a subject to let the ppl vote in a referendum. I'm not the cleverest of ppl but I do have quite a few qualifications and an IQ of 126 and I didn't fully understand what we're voting for. I voted leave but with what I now know I voted wrong.  
Sinn Féin leaders @MaryLouMcDonald and @moneillsf meeting EU Chief Negotiator Michel Barnier in Brussels this morning alongside @M_AndersonSF and @mattcarthy to discuss Brexit and special status  
Theresa May: “Being the BBC, of course, you’re always going to get Brexit into the question.”  
Soon we won't even be part of the TUE, so I don't know how this Parliamentary report affects Sir Wiggins! Brexit means Brexit! #GodSaveTheQueen 
By having a Brexit policy that won't make Corbyn's vision impossible. #FinalSay 
Another great post on Brexit from @chrisgreybrexit 
Today, young people from Northern Ireland will travel to Westminster to present a report on their views, hopes and fears about Brexit to key Brexit MPs and Officials. You can find out more here  #OurBrexitToo 
The perverse politics of Brexit: civil servants asked to deliver an impossible policy that the PM appears not to believe in, and more. My latest blog post:  
Utterly scathing of May’s politically-instructed hostile environment, @NesrineMalik reveals the cruelty & desolation on the other side of waiting. And, like almost everything else, Brexit will make this so much worse. #immigration #integration 
Always a pleasure to listen from Germany to @mrjamesob to hear things like this: After Brexit we will be running a mile at track competitions  while the rest of the world runs 1500m, which means we will be running further but what does that matter as long as we have our mile back 
Italian election results: THIS is Italy's potential new PM and he LOVES Brexit  
As an entrepreneur, one cannot have anything but the utmost admiration for Charlie Mullins, who is just paying himself a £3.75m dividend! However banking rolling Lib-Dems Stop Brexit campaign precludes me from ever using Pimlico Plumbers. I’m sure Charlie will get over it! 
Why are 500 MPs who oppose #Brexit doing nothing?  
.@LeaveMnsLeave board member @DavidJonesMP: Brexit. Why we must all now ready ourselves for no deal – and WTO terms  
The hash taggers who are trying to get people to vote Lib Dem have actually made more people look into them and find out that they are Tory liteNo more police or firefightersNot stopping the sale of the nhsNot stopping brexitSaying 2nd ref to fool people. 
.@stephen_dorrell on the PM’s Brexit speech: “What she failed to do was set out any rationale for divergence. What's the problem to which Brexit is the solution? Why will Britain be better off if we do accept all the “hard facts” she says are unavoidable?”  
It is clear that the EU negotiators have little to offer the Brexit negotiations except intimidation, bullying and fear. Anyone who voted to remain in the EU must now recognise the real face of this insidious dictatorship.  
Sinn Féin leadership team sit down with EU chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier today in Brussels to discuss the draft EU Treaty and special designated status for the North. #SFleadership 
Initially, yes. Until the brexit economic dividend delivers enough money to build the rocket to bring him home. 
The Brexit Taliban plan to strip us of our European citizenship. My family is Irish, Italian, Scots, English, British and European. That’s how we define ourselves. I’m not going to let anyone steal that.#FBPE #IAmEuropean #citizensrights #RenewBritain 
“If a hard Brexit goes ahead then we will really be up the swanny because we do rely so heavily on EU nationals to support our services at all strata, from healthcare assistants to consultants.”Prof Angus Watson, Director of Research, Development & Innovation at NHS Highlands.  
There are many good reasons to oppose Brexit.Not letting Britain become Donald Trump's bitch ranks pretty high. 
Our own Government won't fight for the rights of UK citizens in EU27 due to a fear of having to reciprocate rights for EU27 Citizens in the UK. We, including many who could not even vote in the referendum, have been hung out to dry by our own side. #FinalSayForAll 
How doom-mongers got Brexit wrong  via @MailOnline 
Theresa May begged Donald Trump to not kick off a trade war over steel - it will be devastating for post-Brexit UK. Trump refused to back down... #BrexitShambles 
Battle for Special Status continues. @MaryLouMcDonald & @moneillsf joining us in Brussels today. Meeting with Michel Barnier shortly #Brexit  
“He can’t go,” she said. “He’s a local, almost.”  Britain braces for an exodus of E.U. doctors and nurses feeling hurt by Brexit   
A reminder that Theresa Villiers, the Brexit-supporting Northern Ireland Secretary at the time, was unequivocally stating that there would be no need for border checks at Irish border in the event of Brexit. Still blows my mind.  
Yep, it’s still Europe. Can’t tow away an island, brexit or no brexit. 
Brexit is starting to feel like we’ve left our spouse for someone we’re having an affair with only to find out  the lover isn’t the least bit interested in us. 
I really hope Nigel Farage does head a new Party, we need people who proudly represent Britain, not Labour who hate everything British, Tories have agreed to push Brexit through but have failed to honour manifesto pledges to reduce immigration, more choice is needed. 
EU negotiators could force a narrow approach to post-Brexit deals, however they're putting forward a broad appeal for clarity.  With a "whole range of proposals made by May in her Mansion House speech on Friday are to be rejected", we need a #FinalSay 
This is the most heartening section of that piece. In wake of Brexit vote, a sense of proper European solidarity has broken out among some MEPs  
Cake and unicorns - the UK's Brexit strategy (by @SKZCartoons) 
Quick chat in advance of meeting with Michell Barrier. There is a need to defend the Good Friday Agreement, the rights of citizens and our best economic interests. #Brexit  
So, @theresa_may, if Brexit isn’t worth it (and you couldn’t tell the German reporter that it was), WHY ARE YOU DOING IT? 
Just keep your eyes on the substance of the legal texts of Brexit, not the speeches and slogans of ministers and their appeals to political and media supporters.It will be the former that will primarily shape Brexit, not the latter. 
See our @BritishInEurope op-ed by our Chair Jane Golding - we were promised by Leavers, the UK Government and Brussels that nothing about our lives would change due to Brexit.  How wrong were they? #citizensrights 
You know, I’ve been thinking about this. And the Brexit referendum ballot should have been a straight choice between:Remain in the EU with full membership benefitsOrLeave the EU with no deal and trade with the world on WTO terms or less.We could have saved two years. 
Each week in Brexit news, a new low is reached, a new enemy created & a demonstrable lie or twisted truth exposed. Yet we steamroller on.New lows, new lies, new enemies. Yet we are told to accept June 2016 marked an unchangeable reality, a fixed line in the sand. #ThinkAgain 
On the core test of nothing changing in their lives due to Brexit, they are being utterly betrayed. Here's their take on Barnier's draft treaty  
The reason May is delaying so much on Brexit negotiations is because she is feart of the SNP and a possible Indyref2 
Hard Brexit Harry Maguire, closest we've seen to Bobby Moore in donkey's years. 
Over 1/2 the country want to have a meaningful vote on the Brexit Final Deal... #StopBrexit #r4today 
Brexit a Fucking Shambles, Says John Major pic.twitter.com/OYfVatSvOk 
Anti-intellectualism was a major theme in Nazi political strategy. It's been very apparent in #Brexit. The Daily Mail started it with its vilification of the "chattering classes" and Gove finished the job with his Britain has had "enough of experts". #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Predictions for UK local elections (3 May)-Tories to manage expectations downwards -media to collude (or let them get away with it)-if Tories do better than expected, “country getting behind PM on Brexit”- if not, “ppl voted on local issues”-LAB to avoid talking about Brexit 
I already am the member of a party, one that stands for the kind of progressive future I would like to see. In any case: the majority of Labour members want Corbyn to oppose Brexit. They have told him so. Repeatedly. That has had 0 impact.  
Detailed, quietly devastating explanation of why the government's latest Brexit magic bullet - comprehensive mutual recognition - to square the circle of leaving and yet retaining benefits of the single market will not and can not work.  
Thread belowThere's no nice way of saying this.  Diane James MEP, former leader of UKIP, is plain ignorant.  She's not alone in this, many #Brexit leaders are ignorant.This wouldn't matter if their platform was the local pub, but it's not 
Today #YourOCO and @nichildcom published a joint #Brexit report that focuses on the views of children and young people. This follows a cross border consultation with young people north and south of the border. To read the report please go to  
Less than 12 hrs old & this tweet has seriously woken up the London Rule folk.None of whom have come within a million miles of answering the question. 2 referendum results that are incompatible with each other. Why not let the people decide which result means more to them?  
And that detail will be left to others to sort out.In this roundabout way we seem to be coming to a Brexit which meets the bare terms of the referendum question.But one which is, well, pointless in substance.Everything changing but almost everything staying the same.ends/ 
And as for the "red lines" they are becoming more like rhetorical shackles preventing the UK from being able to properly explore and scope trade talks than anything much difference in the detail of Brexit.10. 
Oppose Brexit.  
The Great European Dream is unraveling. Big wins for populist parties on immigration control tickets and, once again, it is only the liberal elites who are surprised. Standby for Italian Brexit? >>  
"While one could nitpick over some of the EU’s rules, for the most part they are pretty good. It’s not surprising the rules are pretty good. The UK has played a leading role in devising them."Bravo, @InFactsOrg - very well said. #Brexit #StopBrexit #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
When she became prime minister, May and her new cabinet glossed the referendum "mandate" to mean that UK should "take control" of its borders, its money, and its laws.This trio is still used by government ministers as being the meaning of Brexit.Still government policy.3. 
The entire reason for #brexit was for control of the amount of people we are forced to take by the EU thry must have no say at all ponce we leave .. be careful Mrs May you are treading on very stoney ground !! 
We are absolutely not equipped to deal with whatever new arrangements will need to be made for EU citizens after Brexit. It is a disaster waiting to happen and everyone from the Home Office to Downing Street knows it. 
Liam Fox pledged that 40 trade deals would be in place by the point of Brexit. So after jetting 290,000 miles around the world – slightly further than a trip to the moon, how many trade deals has he signed so far? 0 
Get @Nigel_Farage back , unite all those pro #Brexit groups , and let's take this country back , sick of it now , we voted to leave ffs , i want no compromise 
Your morning reminder that the US has just slapped a 25% tariff on British steel. That US, you know the one that the UK leaving the worlds larger trade - the EU- in order to conclude a great trade deal with. #brexit is one big idiocy machine of nonsense.  
I don't see any reference to Tony Blair's own poll, which showed that 70% want #Brexit at whatever cost. The press pick and choose to suit their narrative.#WhereIsTonysPoll ? 
Tragic Irony. PM May warns Trump not to start trade wars. Yet the Tory Govt's unnecessary Brexit may push UK into some kind of trade wars with EU. And wasn't our transatlantic r-ship supposed to compensate for damaged EU relations? Mmmm. #RethinkBrexit #RenewBritain #FBPE 
So @LiamFox This makes it clear that the USA has absolutely NO interest in Trade Deals with us.  So how are you going to replace the £190bn per annum we will LOSE as a result of #Brexit?   It’s time to kick out these  frauds who are trashing our economy to create a tax haven  
Victory for #Eurosceptic, populist parties shocks the establishment in #Italy election.Another wake up call for the undemocratic #liberal elite in the #EU after years of ignoring the legitimate fears of their peoples. #UK #Brexit #OpenBorders 
.“A local Brexit bankruptcy or the flight of a company, with jobs shifting to the EU, is, say pollsters, most likely to cause voters to change their mind.But the muted voice of business during and since the referendum has been shameful.". 
Trump happened, Brexit happened, Israel is paying migrants to leave, threatens jail, Italy tryna deport 600k migrants, European Union about to collapse  
That sound you can hear is Theresa May's plans for a post-Brexit free trade deal with the US collapsing.  
So much for Liam Fox’s claim that post-Brexit trade deals would be the “easiest in history”.  
#Brexit doesn’t pave the way for the glorious joys of free trade. It sets us up to be bullied by the big boys. Trump’s tweets tell us why.  
In the context of current moves in the US to impose tariffs on steel and aluminium, this should be required reading (Warning - contains expert historical perspective and may contain traces of criticism of Brexit).  
“US trade deal with post #brexit must be America first” acc to US state dept. Goodbye UK control over UK food Standards. This farce wld be laughable if it wasn’t so tragic.  
Business thinks Brexit isn’t worth it - so it must stand up and say so.   
Brexit is Tory austerity with venom and the low paid and insecure will suffer the most.  
This magnificent thread single-tweetedly exposes why the denigration of expertise and the conflation of knowledge with opinion were so intrinsic to the Brexit cause. It beggars belief that many of the people within it were ever taken seriously by anyone.  
4. These calculations should not distract us from the main political message of #ItalyElection2018 - this was an anti-establishment triumph, of the same league as the #Brexit or the #Trump upsets, in the eurozone's 3rd largest country. 
We occasionally tweet about Biafra & the plight of the minority Igbo community, many of whom are Jews. They are hoping for a referendum to become an independent nation. They have been persecuted for decades by the Nigerian government yet the world remains silent - why?  
Have the Eurocrats learned anything from Brexit or rising discontent in other Member States? Have they bollocks.  
Business must speak up, and save Britain from Brexit  
Sit back and enjoy this magnificent Brexit thread from @EmporersNewC. 
Guardian: There have been fears over slowing activity in the manufacturing sector in recent weeks as concerns mount over Brexit and the value of the pound. But the EEF and BDO said factory output and total orders had remained in “very positive territory”  
Well worth a read: #Brexit “is proclaimed as the sacred Will of the People who magically knew what they voted for two years ago, even though it was only last week that the government precariously agreed what that was.” by @chrisgreybrexit  
"Five tests"That Theresa May #Brexit speech which was TOTALLY HER OWN WORK, HONEST, YEAH, COS YOU CAN ASK HER MUM AND EVERYFING!Buy the book!  
What a difference 2 years make ... The Guardian used to openly blame Tony Blair for his behaviour, but now they herald him as the Remainer Saviour of the UK. Funny, I'd have thought Iraq was unforgivable ?#Brexit 
Good news: Trump has declared war on Brexit, by his 25% tariff on British steel imports & humiliating Mrs May who tried to persuade him to go for the Chinese & not us too. Dr Fox’s chlorinated chicken shot dead & no sentient being cd now see US or China as a substitute for EU! 
"Cheddar" cheese from Arkansas, "Cornish" pasties from Nebraska, and "Cumberland" sausages all the way from Missouri ?Enough to choke on that "Scottish"' whisky of yours, Brexitteers ? :) :) #Brexit  
Brexit Britain  
On the eve of the prime minister’s big speech, John Major declared that “many electors know they were misled” over Brexit, that “many more are beginning to realise it”, and: “The electorate has every right to reconsider their decision.”  
Business must speak up, and save Britain from Brexit  
'Pointless SNP Continuity Bill is attempt to portray Nicola Sturgeon as a Brexit big player'  
Our 2nd #EUSuperHeroes Nomination goes to the truly dedicated Steven Bray from @SODEM who is stood outside parliament with EU flags, every day they are sitting, without fail. Wind, rain, sleet and snow will not stop this man stopping #Brexit 
Brexit Explained  
But you know full well the referendum was not intended as a proposal to leave the EU, but rather to cauterize a wound in the Tory party. No one thought Leave would win. I doubt Cameron thought he would get a majority in 2015, so the Lib Dems could once more to stop the referendum 
If you wanted the referendum to be mandatory, you had to legislate accordingly, with appropriate precautions like a supermajority; Don't you require a 2/3 majority for constitutional change in your own party? Your promise to enact the result changes nothing except your reputation 
You replied to Alex Salmond that the referendum was advisory, so nothing followed from it, and therefore a safeguard, such as Amendment 16 which he wanted, made no sense.  
From the contiment they can see Brexit for what it is, they feel sorry for us.   
The strength of the extremes in Italy, along with the strength of far right in both France and Germany, not to mention Brexit--all suggest that Trumpism will remain potent even after @realDonaldTrump leaves the Oval Office. New job-eliminating technologies will fuel it as well. 
He reminds me of one Pawan Khera, a younger bearded version but boy they come with same arrogance pre-programmed to never accept where they are wrong even if lost, bunch of sore losers !! God knows which election loss will ever be a Referendum on RaGa’s  Leadership Quality? (2/2)  
This is the UK's 200 mile Exclusive Economic Zone. Britain must have full control over fishing in this area after Brexit.  
This may perhaps be the most ignorant thing ever said on Brexit, and it is obviously up against incredibly strong opposition.  
Anyone still in any doubt as to the depth of the Brexit Ultras’ incomprehension, ignorance and misjudgement of the situation UK finds itself in, or of their breathless desire hurtle into the abyss of a catastrophic no-deal Brexit, should read this thread and article.  
Brexit: no clear way out? - with a compliant and ignorant media, and a Parliament with very few serious people, we have the makings of a political train wreck. No one yet is able to suggest a clear way out that has a chance of working...  #Brexit.  
Heaven forbid the Head of the #Commonwealth attempts to increase post-#Brexit trade for the well-being of her citizens. What is wrong with  you, @ChukaUmunna?  #BBC #SKY @LBC #LBC @ConHome @UKLabour @jeremycorbyn #LabourParty @CCHQPress #Tory @Conservatives 
Italy's gridlock may keep the country on the sidelines from Brexit negotiations and the Franco-German plans for deeper EU integration  #ItalyElection2018 
One thing for sure - Italy aren't dumb enough to pay £60 billion!!!#Italexit #ItalyElection2018 #italyvotes #ItalianElections #Italy #Brexit #TheresaMay #Theresatheappeaser 
UK: BrexitUSA: TrumpWorld: “No one can do any worst”Italy: “Hold my beer”#Elezioni2018 
‘Our focus groups say ‘lexit’ is tainted and a ‘workers brexit’ doesn’t mean much. So I present to you ‘Red Brexit’ Thanks so much @DPJHodges, ad agencies would ask for big money for this kind of reframe. 
#Elezioni4Marzo2018 for any Brexiters out there thinking that the Italian elections are a clear sign of anti EU sentiment, let me educate you. It's not. Europe wasn't even a discussion in the campaign, which was all about internal politics #Brexit 
Honestly I think there's a lot of deep rooted racism in a lot of the leftist positions regarding Brexit.I 100% believe that most Remainers believe deportation is a humiliation that should be exclusively reserved for Africans, Asians and West Indians. 
#Map shows that mainland Britain fits comfortably into #Quebec #Ontario and #Manitoba. Someone seriously misunderstood what #Brexit means... Source:  pic.twitter.com/ZKcXAZ5Zte 
Brexit in a nutshell - voting to 'take back what we never lost' in order to lose everything we currently have. Thank you #Brexiteers 
Michael Adams, author of Could it Happen Here: Canada in the Age of Trump & Brexit will be in the #Appelsalon at the Reference Library with the @TorontoStar's @ddale8 on March 13th! Tickets available now 
Enough of this barking madness! Only a complete imbecile would advocate going ahead with Brexit in the light of what we now know. There's simply no sane argument for doing so. 
Hey, everyone convinced by the spivs to vote Brexit... you are so fucked... but take solace in the fact that everyone who knew it was a scam is fucked too. Tally ho! 
"The gaunt post-Brexit future towards which May is stubbornly leading us will make Britain a poorer, meaner, lonelier and shabbier place....." Observer editorial 
Wrote this in 2016 the day after Italy's referendum – and why, contrary to the collective shrugging of shoulders, it was a big deal  #ItalianElections 
A great evening with @AberconwyLibDem, @DoddsJane and @Andrew_Adonis discussing ways to work together to fight a hard brexit  
‘Welsh unwilling to pay for Brexit’. Well that’s awkward then. If you’ve changed your mind about leaving then you have to SPEAK LOUD and tell your MPs, tell everyone down the pub. Tell your local paper. SHOUT before it’s too late!  
This evening Mrs May can count on Italy to break rank with EU27 on Brexit. 
Theresa May only has two Brexit options left: Capitulation to the EU or a second referendum - Business Insider UK  
Totally undemocratic to deny British citizens’ right to pass judgement on actual Brexit shaping up, as opposed to the 2016 theoretical promises. May has acknowledged we’ll be worse off, and the ‘secret study’ says by up to 8%. Should be #FinalSay Ref on deal versus #Remain. 
WOW!!!!!!SCOTLAND HAS A KNOCKOUT REASON TO REJECT MAY'S BREXIT!!!"SCOTLAND CAN'T BE DRAGGED OUT AGAINST IT'S WILL"Tory minister David Lidington (Hansard 16 June2015...Vol597 column231)  
Enjoy your Scottish Whisky industry while you can, Scotland - the Tories are about to flush it down the Brexit toilet.  
Richard Murphy like myself sees Irish Unification as a likely outcome from the Hard Brexit we are about to get.  
The right-wing Brexiters don't want to give Britain more sovereignty. They want a #Brexit which will allow the USA, the super-rich and the multinationals to bully the UK into becoming the #BrexitTaxHaven of the Brextremists' dreams.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Your attempts to blame the EU for a border that YOUR Brexit will create is the quintessence of delusional-xenophobic-small-minded-big-headed-neonazi-brownswamp-pigshit-thick-fuckwittery.Seriously, where do you people come up with it? From sniffing Goebbels' jockstrap?#FBPE 
What do you want to do with Brexit ? Please share for wider response 
Italy still has lots of good things. And they haven’t done anything as stupid as Brexit.  
I am worried that we are falling into Brexit. There is public inertia and/or ignorance maintained by media distortion. May will plough on, from a lack of imagination. JC will plough on as a conviction Brexiteer, by now, volte face hypocritical. LibDems at 7%Can you cheer me up? 
Rather than waste tens of billions on the false promise of #Brexit, we should spend some of that money on better education and training which would give people real control over their lives, not the pretend control offered  by Brexit nationalism.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
.“They are taking Brexit personally, expressing indignation at the prospect of having to be vetted in post-Brexit Britain.". 
1800 Ireland dragged into UK with no mandate from Irish nation?1914 Ireland H.R Bill usurped?1918 UK ignore Ireland's exit UK vote?1919 UK sign Versailles Treaty: respect territorial integrity of small nations?1921 UK 'split' Ireland at gunpoint? #Brexit NI voted Remain  
"Let's not respect the sovereign will of the majority on the EU referendum because the IRA may get angry," is probably the most ridiculous foreign policy, EVER! 
The first EU country I visited after Brexit was Italy. I was all braced for mockery, pity, perhaps even contempt - but I was surprised how many Italians actually expressed a slight measure of envy.  
It's emerged today that the government let slip the chance to retrieve £364m from #Carillion which would have cut the cost of the collapse to taxpayers and pension scheme members.And we're supposed to believe they can negotiate a successful #Brexit deal, don't hold your breath 
I keep seeing claims that May's speech was "well received by people on both sides of the Brexit debate", and if that's true, then I want you to go home, sit in the corner and think about what you've done. 
First France and the Front National. Then Germany’s AfD. Now Italy. Populists parties on the rampage. Thank goodness our referendum here in the U.K. on the EU acted as a safety value. 
There is absolutely no way that the #EU can spin the #ItalyElection2018 to reflect positively to the EU.Pro-EU parties are taking an absolute hammering and Eurosceptic parties are in an absolute ascendancy.#Itaxit is only a matter of time now I think. Referendum?  
Sentence 1: Brexit was the fault of people who didn't vote for it.Sentence 2: Stop blaming other people for Brexit.  
Deceitful Treacherous LABOUR has been accused of colluding with the European Union to undermine Brexit by trying to keep Britain in the customs union.  
If Brexit is halted it won't be because of traitors preventing the will of the people. It will be because people have come to realise that an incompetent bunch of self-interested con artists are trying to deliver an impossible set of promises to the detriment of ordinary people. 
Reality check on Brexit asks & PM speech from the man who was the EU’s top legal adviser  
Brexit has replaced the UK’s stiff upper lip with quivering rage  
This is a must read thread: A former director general of the EU’s legal service gives the clearest explanation to date of where Britain stands after the recent spate of government speeches on Brexit.  
Tomorrow's front page: EU nationals 'to lose vote in indyref2', as experts warn of a referendum lock-out after Brexit ... and Keith Brown enters the SNP depute leader race pic.twitter.com/EW7RtryuAE 
And so it begins. The shameful blaming of @UKLabour for Brexit. .@cliodiaspora’s tweet is disingenuous..@jeremycorbyn campaigned for “remain & reform”. Result: to leave..@UKLabour can’t stop Brexit:.@CONservatives, w/ the DUP, have a majority.Brexit belongs to Tories.  
Welcome to the wonderful world of free trade #BREXIT folk: where Scottish whiskey will no longer be Scottish and Cornish pasties will actually be made in Nebraska. So much to look forward to. #BrexitReality #TomorrowsPaperToday 
Andrew Lilico is the David Icke of Brexit commentary. Completely bizarre. Manages to channel all of his professional and educational expertise into takes so bad they're hard to even read. 
Negotiations follow a pattern - opening positions, trading, agreement. Brexit isn’t a negotiation and it is misleading to suggest it is. Until the UK has an opening position, an objective or something to trade, this is *not* a negotiation; this is a national shambles. 
Just where the fuck is the opposition.This tory government should have been dead months ago.Labour you are such a disappointment.#FBPE #StopBrexit #brexit #fbr 
Post-Brexit we should be investing in the capacity to produce some of the stuff we import, saying it may not be glamorous, but it can easily be done and will make the UK stronger, writes British manufacturer John Elliott  
Kirsty voted #leave but she’s feels she was lied to & now she sees the reality of #brexit and, particularly its ramifications for the #nhs, she has spoken out as a #remainernow@Kirstystirrup2 as you say many others feel like you & we can get a #finalsayforall in UK’s interests! 
.@Conservatives This is the truth. Nearly two years after the vote, these are the hard facts. Time to face up to reality: Brexit is a huge mistake.When are you going to admit it and ask the electorate if this is stil the "will of the people"?  
Just landed in Switzerland for full round of political meetings about Brexit, Swiss/UK relations and much else. 
Steve Bannon is in Italy to support the Far Right.Seriously?! Why?!  Why can’t he just stick to messing up the US?! #CambridgeAnalytica#Breitbart#Brexit@J_amesp@carolecadwalla 
Here's the full test for when Ruth Davidson's test should determine when the next independence referendum takes place. 1. Her test has been approved by a majority at Holyrood. 
The irony is that many Leavers weren't voting FOR brexit, they were voting AGAINST the gov that brought it upon them. 
Trump just slapped a 25% steel tariff and a 10% aluminium tariff on the whole of the world. So the chance that post-Brexit Britain would hypothetically have got preferential treatment is close to zero  
If I were British I would be asking a crucial question: are we better positioned to respond to Trump’s tariff regimes outside the EU or inside? The brave new world of #BREXIT will produce many more such dilemmas over next year.  
The country has been taken over by the maniacs. But power is only temporary. We will succeed. We will re-enter the EU and freedom of movement will be one day granted to the British again. Shove your Brexit. 
Here's why Renew is standing in London Council Elections on an anti-Brexit ticket - unlike main parties hijacked by extremes! To our EU friends - u can vote 2 - we're fighting for you to stay! #RethinkBrexit #RenewBritain #FBPE #LE2018 #Register2Vote 
Hilarious that your high-profile metropolitan elite knobheads are STILL upset at the Brexit result.The ultimate irony being that it was, in all likelihood, their insufferably smug tweeting that helped swing the crucial 2% our way in the first place.  
Ruth Davidson's 3 tests for Scotland's Indyref 21 Polls! Democratic mandates decide referendums not yougov.2 Trigger! Brexit. 3 Not for a generation! Democracy is a process, not an event.You are not in charge here.  
Latest @guardian cartoon...#TradeDeal #TradeWars #Trump #Brexit  
Here are 3 ways that Britain could reverse the Brexit vote, with talks in peril  
Dear #Italianelections2018 I am writing from the UK, we have some experience of having mistakenly voted for a right wing pile of crap in #brexit.Could I suggest that when voting you don’t put yourself through what we are having to endureBest wishes#fbpe #moreincommon 
Lots of events happening this week for International Women's Day but don't miss the big #VotesForRepeal march Thursday evening. It will be the last march before a referendum on #repealthe8th so let's make it a good one! #IWD2018 #repealthe8th 
Stay in the #EU? #Brexit   
Just a reminder. Or in case you didn’t know already. #Mandelson should do the decent thing and absent himself from any relevant votes in the House of Lords.  #Brexit. 
From shortbread to the NHS: Scotland fears loss of workers after Brexit. 
No Chuka, Brexiteers want Johnson, Gove and Fox to fulfill their promise of controlled borders and vetting of immigrants and make laws in Westminister. You haven't been listening to the full Brexit argument from the voters at all. You and others are obsessed with finance.  
Ok let’s try to understand this. Daniel Hannan who said UK had such a strong hand that Brexit was simple is now saying exact opposite. He does have form mind  
Italy, General Election:Turnout compared to 2016 ReferendumLarge increase in turnout in the south, expected to be a M5S-EFDD stronghold  
Brexit negotiations are on course to be "very bad indeed" for Britain, Peter Mandelson says  
Tragic Irony. PM May warns Trump not to start trade wars. Yet the Tory Govt's unnecessary Brexit may push UK into trade wars with EU - including our closest neighbour Ireland. Do we like the country we are becoming? #RethinkBrexit #RenewBritain #FBPE 
Why did it take so long for #TheresaMay to do a #Brexit U-turn on EU agencies?She was warned over a year ago: 
It was very shortsighted of @AndrewMarr9 to state that agriculture was not important in the #brexit negotiations this morning. The recent empty shelves highlight the need for a profitable and productive UK agriculture 
You have been incompetent for 21 months.You are fighting a battle to keep your party together in the interest of your party and not the country. Your party triggered this disasterous Brexit. Nobody trusts you. Please resign & call an election.  
John Major suggested that MPs be given a free vote to block #Brexit... this is a man best remembered for the economic incompetence and political sleaze.  
The pervasive corruption of British politics. Once this #Brexit nonsense is finished we need to to work to remove (or more realistically greatly curb) the perverting influence of big money on British politics.  
Nathan Gill MEP - "If we leave the Customs Union, we finally have the power to make our own trade deals around the world, and high street prices will tumble, as Britain will be able to slash tariffs." #Brexit  
John Collins “Brexit will be catastrophic for Northern Ireland.  Despite this fact, Nigel Dodds has thrown his weight behind Farage.  The DUP’s current approach defies logic” 
.@theresa_may: “The time for arguing is over, let’s f**king get on with it lads”#FitForTheFuture #TheresaMay #Brexit Ps, I may have made up two of the words in the quote...  
I blame Brexit for no UK dates  
Amongst the trillions of words written about Brexit (my own thousands very much included) this piece by @davies_will is about the best I've read. TL;DR? No, it's worth taking the time to read it all. via @LRB 
Theresa May's Brexit is Tory austerity with added venom - the low paid and insecure will suffer most | @Kevin_Maguire 
Had Scotland left the UK we would all be in the Single Market and CU and the Brexit experiment with surrealism would not have happened.  
A Red Brexit. Sounds good.  
Italy: The lower the GDP per capita, the greater the turnout increase compared to the 2016 referendum in today's election. #Italy #Elezioni4Marzo2018 #elezioni2018 #ElezioniPolitiche2018 
Please widely share our video: '10 Steps to #StopBrexit.' We want to persuade Britain to consider a democratic U-turn on #Brexit. If we can achieve that, it will be the new ‘will of the people’. Please re-tweet widely.  
Prof Angus Watson, the director of research, development and innovation at NHS Highlands, is blunt. “If a hard Brexit goes ahead then we will really be up the swanny..."   
The common sense approach to Brexit of the ex Taoiseach Enda Kenny has been replaced by vote chasing immaturity in Dublin, writes Jacob Rees-Mogg  
"Free Trade Agreements"  are really misleading in context of Brexit...To have one with the EU would accurately be a "Less Trade Agreement"And generally, with other countries, "Bits of Trade Agreement" 
Every version of Brexit makes our families, our towns and our country poorer. In ruling out the Single Market the Govt sticks two fingers up to working people and condemns us to much poorer.#JoinWithUs to fight for prosperity for our kids and their kids to come.#StopBrexit 
A ‘Corbynite Red Brexit’, once you strip away the breathlessness of the idiot Hodges, actually sounds pretty great. (Apologies for linking to the Daily Heil)  
Steve Bannon is in Italy to help build a broader populist movement throughout Europe. "The Italian people have gone farther, in a shorter period of time, than the British did for Brexit and the Americans did for Trump. Italy is the leader," he said.  
The officials responsible for drawing up the EU's Brexit guidelines are in the same position as High Court  bailiffs delicately trying to explain to an addled tenant that terminating a rental contract means you actually have to leave the property. 
I like the #JoinWithUs twitterstorm. The root causes of #Brexit and #Trump are similar - rich white men, terrified of losing their privilege, using fear and falsehood to manipulate voters. But let's not leave it at a hashtag. Let's develop practical networks to resist. #FBPE #FBR 
Leaving the Single Market and Customs Union is huge a mistake that ordinary people will pay through the loss of their jobs and livelihoods.We never voted for this. You are abusing your position to push through an illegal #Brexit#A50Challenge #StopBrexit 
Gibraltar is going to be an even bigger Brexit problem than Ireland – so why does no one want to talk about it? - The Independent  
#FBR #JoinWithUS To be honest I'm loosing the will to live with all this Brexit stuff. I just want to get on with my life. We really need to get all the Brexit folk to go away ( I didn't want to swear)  
The prospect of a trade war with US changes the context of Brexit negotiations for both the UK and the EU. The EU needs UK’s added weight and the UK risks being even more exposed than already anticipated. 
Steve’s threads not only have astounding content, but a ridiculous attention to detail.He’s been storing up Theresa Villiers videos just for this moment (don’t let that stop you reading it though!)#Brexit  
“The EU will keep its draft guidelines for a post-Brexit trade deal as short and general as possible ... in order to force Theresa May to explain what the UK wants and leaving the door open for a British shift on the customs union and single market.”  
Anyone out there heard from a #Leaver who's been able to cite a measurable, tangible benefit they will gain personally after #Brexit. Or any EU rule forced upon the UK, that has detrimentally impacted their lives. All I get is flatulent soundbites and we won you lost get over it 
The PM is now willing to sacrifice our influence because, if we quit the EU, it is the only way to preserve our prosperity and security. But there’s a much better alternative. We don’t need to become a political eunuch. We merely need to cancel #Brexit. 
It's gone from #Brexit "Milk & Honey" to "Jesus, we need an urgent plan to ensure motor manufacturing survives!" #JoinWithUs to end the madness. 
#FBR #JoinWithUS how can we continue to go forward with this Brexit. It's hurting so many of our citizens and will hurt so many more. Please join us together we are so strong. We ARE stronger and stable  
A new grassroots anti-Brexit youth organisation wants to win the hearts of Corbyn, sensible Tories, and soft Leavers.  
Things Scotland doesn't need...1. MAGGIE THATCHER statues2. BREXIT3. JO SWINSON 
Is #Brexit all about corporate tax evasion? Is it coincidence that the #DUP, #Torys and #UKIP all voted against the #EU corporation tax clampdown in 2015? @Open_Britain #StopBrexit #WATON #FBPE @Labour4EU #LeaveLies #Remain @OFOCBrexit @isitworthitbus 
Cameron brought Austerity which led to Brexit.May brings Brexit which leads to more Austerity.#JoinWithUs in the fight against Brexit and for a fairer, more equal society.#FBPE#FBR 
Trump sparks trade war amid concern in Europe and ChinaBritish PM May expresses ‘deep concern’ in call with presidentDemocrat: measures against Europe would be ‘a boost for Russia’Trump and Brexit are a disaster.#JoinWithUS #FBPE #FBR #StopBrexit 
No @jeremycorbyn supporters permitted on anti-Corbyn @BBCNews @MarrShow ? Never fear - watch senior shadow cabinet ministers on @Underground_RT including tomorrow's edition. #BREXIT #Ireland 
Those still pursuing a hard Brexit should take note of the concerns expressed by one of NI's largest employers.  
Whether David Davis believes this or not, it exposes the failure of many, half a century after the end of empire, to accept that England is just a normal country among others. Such is the toxic psychological legacy of imperialism. #StopBrexit #Brexit 
If you're resisting brexit, you're resisting trump. They're two sides of the same coin. Let's move beyond them together.#JoinWithUS 
The Sun sneakily removes ‘Brexit Bargains’ article after being told it was an utter pack of lies[ICYMI - Evolve Weekly Round Up] 
I get the theory of what #Brexit might have done for democracy, but this is what it ACTUALLY did: Gov't seeking Henry VIII powersCommons usurped by a handful of MPsJudiciary under attackScotland marginalisedNI in turmoilEconomy stallingXenophobia risingA country divided 
And so tomorrow will begin yet another week of the UK being bullied by those who think Brexit should mean Brexit. 
Peak Brexit. We’ve hit peak Brexit and there’s still a year to go.  
#FBPE & #FBRTime to connect and amplify our campaigns.#JoinWithUS storm for US, UK and Europe.Follow back #FBPE and #FBR accounts.Expand the #Resistance against Brexit, Trump and hate, and help #StopBrexit.   pic.twitter.com/UYpnHytjeq 
So we will have a new government in Berlin by mid-March. And Tusk's draft guidelines should be sent to member states soon, early enough to have a first exchange of views on the future relationship after #brexit on Wednesday. Only 19 days left until #EUCO by now. All just in time 
Post-Brexit deal: EU to keep draft guidelines short and general  
Analysis of cases in the years before the 1-O referendum reveals that also then the Spanish constitutional court based it's decisions on a selected set of incriminating laws, instead of using all relevant laws including the exculpatory ones. #Catalonia 
Just found this little gem#FBPE #Brexit #BrexitShambles #StopBrexit #FinalSay #remainernow 
Former Taoiseach “fact that the UK has not come up with a legal text of its own for the Withdrawal Treaty...but is still criticising the EU version virulently, shows that we have long way to go on this unproductive, time wasting and tragic road to Brexit.”  
At least #Brexit as made us all realize how low educational standards are in the UK and how dangerous that can be - and why we should only ever have one more referendum...so we can #Remain. An act Parliament banning them forever should then be passed. 
From Coventry Telegraph: "MPs said UK must stick as closely as possible to existing EU rules + institutions “in order to give volume car manufacturing a realistic chance of surviving in this country" - a realistic chance of surviving...!? But Leave said Brexit would be great... 
City welcomes Theresa May's ‘honest’ Brexit speech - and so does Barnier  
You're talking about re-negotiating the deal once we're out. And what if we still end up out of the Customs Union and Single Market? Economy's screwed. What if we end up in both of them? Brexiters furious? There is no "non-destructive" brexit. Waiting til we're out = destructive 
We’re making good on that referendum result — the biggest democratic exercise this country has ever seen — and are fighting to get the best deal for the UK, says @DavidDavisMP  
New EU nurses registering in the NHS have dropped off sharply since Brexit. Scotland is being thrown off a cliff edge we did not vote for. #RoadToBrexit 
WATCH: I was interviewed on @daily_politics #bbcsp earlier about the PM's speech on #Brexit and her ruling out of a new Customs Union arrangement to preserve the Northern Ireland peace process as well as guaranteeing tariff-free trade with the continent after we’ve left the EU  
If Labour ends up backing a destructive Brexit which undermines everything they stand for, they will lose the trust of their supporters and the Tories will win anyway.Anyone who wants Labour to win, should be pushing them to back a #FinalSay vote on the terms of Brexit. 
Northern Ireland; Moy Park; Brexit; Warning. Put these words together to spell Potential Disaster. #welldone 
This sort of tweet is what makes people say that many Brexit voters are dim and ignorant of reality. 1) I live in Europe now 2) Everyone in Britain lives on Europe right now3) We will still live in Europe even if Brexit happens4) Your idiocy makes us want to stop Brexit  
The profit is in the bonfire of regulations for them & their chums. The EU is a source of social justice, employment rights and GOOD regulations and the forthcoming tax changes too. Brexit is a rich man's wet dream, they can exploit the Labour market as much as they like 
Brexiteers never could quote examples of red tape worthy of instant abolition (most of it UK supported for a start) as it is all about hating EU and taking back control. So it is emotional and not rational the whole mad Brexit trajectory sadly!  
And, of course, after Brexit, those cards are still going to be played. 
And the cards they are playing since the referendum 
the sheer scale of the Leave campaign lying and false promises is why I will never fold behind the Brexit juggernaut. There was a chance to compromise and meet the Remainers halfway but HMG will not stay in SM & CU so my only hope now is a #FinalSay Referendum  
The ‘Government Information’ card. Played to suggest the information the government publish is just a piece of propaganda that everyone should burn, ignore...and then treat one particular paragraph like it is Holy Scripture when people suggest it was an advisory referendum.  
And the cards they played in the run up to the referendum. 
But the cards they have been playing since long before the referendum.  
Brexit Explained  
Note aggressive Brexiter language now used about our European partners, including by Mrs May. This happens in trade wars. These then spill over over into defence & security fractures, so NATO won’t be insulated from Brexit. Simple lesson of history. 
More people in the heart of Government will, I predict, disown Brexit in the weeks and months ahead. Always the drill will be the same - whether they are civil servants or elected representatives. Word will discreetly be put out that they have gone mad. 
11/Realism should be for the U.K. to communicate honestly what everybody knows by now: that without SM and CU negotiations shall lead to an FTA ( Canadian model), and to work on it to get best results as possible in order to reduce the negative effects of Brexit on U.K. economy 
6/thus the responsibility to find a solution to a problem which was well known before the referendum is a British responsability. So, what solution? When? 
5/ Irish border: the choice against both SM and CU, neither for the whole U.K. nor for NI , means that there is no solution which would permit no hard border. Ms May did not propose any. She is asking for help! But the U.K. is deciding alone Brexit +no SM+no CU, nobody else! 
There is a trend here.Mogg - Former investment banker.Farage - former metals trader. There is something about a hard brexit that interests them both.And it has to mean profit.But from where?Betting on it.Or something we have yet to see but they already know? 
Loving the Brexit debate going on on the pub table next to me. The 2 brexiteer are destroying the 4 remainers.I’m getting another pint to enjoy this! 
If #brexit means free trade why is UK leaving worlds biggest trading bloc to strike a ‘very stupid’ trade deal with this guy.  
I know I'm biased but this is a thunderously good attack on Brexit from the Observer 
Do you think Jeremy Corbyn could do a better job than Theresa May for #Brexit negotiations? @theresa_may @jeremycorbyn @Conservatives @labourRETWEET & VOTE  #yourvoicematters 
Do you think Theresa May is doing a good job on #Brexit negotiations? @theresa_may RETWEET & VOTE  #yourvoicematters 
Theresa May has asked Arsene Wenger to lead her Brexit negotiations as he has managed to get Arsenal out of Europe in no time. #WengerOut 
Campaigning against Brexit in #Canterbury #PulseofEurope #PulseofEuropeCanterbury #FBPE #WATON #StopBrexit    
As the EU shamelessly tries to use Ireland as a weapon in Brexit negotiations, the Irish Taoiseach has become little more than a ventrilquist’s dummy - trotting out whatever his puppet masters in Brussels tell him to say.   How sad that the Irish should be reduced to this.  
The Observer view on Theresa May’s Brexit speech:It’s shaping up to be a dreadful deal for Britain.We’re better off if we #StopBrexit. #FBPE #WATON #ABTV  
“I chose Buckfast over Brexit”  
I'm hearing from a close friend who lives in Leeds (Labour activist) that there is a real angry backlash on the doorstep to #Corbyn's Custom Union #Brexit betrayal. People using words such as 'lies' 'deceitful' 'devious'.#LabourDoorstep #LabourFail 
It took 40 odd years for the whingers and moaners to get their advisory referendum. Since June 2016, the Brexiters on both sides of the house have failed to come up with anything clearer than 'want' or 'a'. Honest to god, nearly half a century to get to 'want' or 'a'! #StopBrexit 
Theresa May phoned Jacob Rees-Mogg to warn on Brexit“The PM raised our deep concern that Fox’s Trump trade deal is now a complete fantasy & we should stay in the EU while there’s still time.”  
Are you organising an anti-Brexit event this month? Let us know about it.  
11) In the end we'll #Brexit through sheer bloody mindedness, stubbornness and a desperate desire from some to get Brexit, *any* Brexit through.  For this we will be completely distracted for years whilst the rest of the world moves on without usIt's utterly bonkersEnd/ 
8) If you decided to buy a car, then found it had been in a major accident, you'd change your mindIf you decided to buy a house, and the survey revealed major subsidence, you'd change your mindWe voted for #Brexit, it's a compromised mess, but we can't change our mind? 
Unexpected sight of the day: residents of a tower block in Leave-voting Margate putting up a massive BLOCK BREXIT sign  
Or perhaps some of rebels are starting to back down from their own amendment now that Corbyn has finally revealed his hand by announcing that Labour will support being in a mythical custom unions and realising that it's not worthwhile. May isn't perfect but she'll deliver brexit  
Jacob Rees-Mogg, a man with no transferable skills and no cabinet  background, who likes dressing up as a 19th-century politician, accuses Leo  Varadkar, a trained medical doctor and seasoned government minister, of  immaturity and inexperience.  #Brexit  
Gibraltar chief minister claims Brexit veto and demands a second referendum@FabianPicardo: Constitution gives us autonomy on business and social care, “It is clear that we do have a Brexit veto for Gibraltar" 
The perverse politics of Brexit: civil servants asked to deliver an impossible policy that the PM appears not to believe in, and more. My latest blog post just up:  
Bad news for Donald Trump: Brexit probably won’t happen  
We know that immigration concern powered the Brexit vote yet we've not had a debate about immigration policyWe know that economics were secondary yet Remain talks only about economicsWe know that public opinion has stayed remarkably static yet people still expect it to change  
May defends 'reality check' Brexit speech as 'credible'Hungary, Poland, Czechs don’t abide by EU Laws! Why do we have jump high when EU tell us?  
Is it possible to negotiate the return of all French managers to their country of birth as part of Brexit?  
Would you change your #Brexit Vote if there was a vote on the final deal?Please RT after you vote for a larger sample. 
Remember when the @BBC got threatened with loss of income by the Tories and then stopped being a neutral public broadcaster but instead became a state PR agency paid for by the public?  I do. @BBCNews is a conspirator in a damaging hard Brexit. #Marr 
Theresa May's #brexit speech translation PLEASE DON'T MAKE ME DO IT  
Excellent thread here on Brexit, historical contingency, and the strange death of British Conservativism.  
#FBR & #FBPELet’s expand our influence & join together.#JoinWithUS storm today for US & Europe.Anti Russian interference, #brexit & hate. Americans10:00am PST11:00am MST12:00am CST1:00pm EST Europeans18:00 GMT19:00 CET20:00 EET  
Jeremy Corbyn's trade plan for Britain could save us in the face of Brexit  
Little England will lead to a diminished Britain...the fools and liars who brought us #Brexit must not win...idiocy and ignorance, insularity and bigotry cannot, must not triumph.  
Tonight in the Croatian National Theatre it’s me and @HorvatSrecko on Postcapitalism Corbynism Trumpism and Brexit...  
I still desperately want to become the President of Europe. So change your mind over Brexit you thick, uneducated voters...#Brexit  
Glenn Murray = 11 goals(1608) minutes.Alvaro Morata = 10 goals(1641) minutes.One is a 34 year old ‘Brexit’ striker, the other is a 60m star who has lost form. There’s levels to this shit. pic.twitter.com/IpYZatIZI3 
One of the stranger assumptions of the Brexit debate was that we live in an age of permanently low tariffs, guaranteed by a liberal world trading order. It’s indicative of a wider problem in UK politics: the near-total absence of historical & prudential considerations. [1/12]  
Journalist: is #Brexit worth it? May: rambling sentence that doesn't contain the word yes. (Rawnsley, Observer).#FBPE 
Sounds fair...Trump:"If EU wants to further increase their already massive tariffs and barriers on U.S. companies doing business there, we will simply apply a Tax on their Cars which freely pour into the U.S."Fair's Fair...#Brexit #EU| Zero Hedge 
Brexit idiots are going to destroy the City of London, and it’s billions of tax revenues to the U.K.Brexiters couldn’t do more to please Putin, and the UK’s enemies.Time to stop Brexit  
Reminder: Tory, UKIP and DUP MEPs voted against EU anti-tax avoidance measures This coalition of tax-dodgers, is unsurprisingly, also the #Brexit alliance. #BrexitTaxHaven, #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Merkel secures a Coalition in Germany; Italy votes amid right wing surge; UK Brexit demands hang in the Brussels air. Trump erects more trade impediments. Another quiet week ahead for us all? 
Please, can you answer this for me?  You have admitted we will be worse off after Brexit,  you know the EU ref wasn't binding and that Art 50 can be withdrawn, why then are you pursuing a Brexit at all costs? We should have a #FinalSayForAll at the very least @theresa_may 
Lord Howard is spot on in his assessment of Theresa’s Brexit speech.  
If you ever wondered by why people in Ireland get frustrated by British media coverage of Brexit or indeed Brexiters trying to explain Irish politics - this paragraph might help explain why. I do hope @CharlesHMoore doesn't describe himself as an historian? 
I've reached the conclusion that die hard Reminics are in fact European Federalists yearning for a United States of Europe and are willing to see UK Brexit failure to advance this.  
1/ Now past 100k!Note in govt reply:1. The blatant lie about the "instruction" of the British people. The referendum was advisory. 2. The contempt for Parliament & the British people manifested by an accept or no-deal choice …#StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
WE DID IT! Well done team #StopBrexit.The petition for Parliament’s vote on the Brexit deal to have an option to #Remain just smashed through 100,000 signatures.And it’s still growing. Thanks and well done to everyone who shared and signed. 
Brussels believes that Brexit can be reversed, so won’t talk terms. Varoufakis and David Cameron found out what happens when you negotiate with partners who believe you won’t walk away. For Heaven’s sake, let’s not repeat their mistake, says @DanielJHannan  
We had a general election in 2017, only two years after the last one. There’s no reason we can’t have another referendum in 2018, two years after the last one. 
Heaven forbid the Head of the Commonwealth attempts to increase post-Brexit trade for the well-being of her citizens. What is wrong with you, @ChukaUmunna? 
Brexit: Dublin casts doubt on UK's latest NI border plan  
Before by-elections to Nanjangud-Gundulpet, BJP won a huge victory in UP. @BSYBJP was so confident of its impact that he said the results would be a referendum on the Government.Typical of him, he changed his stand later..  
Italy, General Election:Turnout compared to 2016 ReferendumHigher in southern regionsLower in northern regionsEqual in central regions#elezioni #Elezioni4Marzo2018 
British Government’s Brexit intentions ‘contradict their rhetoric on the north of Ireland’ – @MaryLouMcDonald  
Watching BBC and their approach to Brexit/single market etc. They talk about the UK like we're Greece in terms of our economy. Are they even aware that we're the world's 5th largest economy and home to the world's most powerful financial centre ? They're so negative it's untrue. 
It means that while Brexit was sold as the end of Globalisation, giving smaller companies a chance, (sound Lefty), It was a con.We're now getting "Global Britain" which makes EU trade more expensive and only benefits multi-continental businesses.  
Huge problems for #Gibraltar from #Brexit but although they voted massively against they are also being fobbed off and patronised by @GovUK - and like Wales & Scotkand they are getting very fed up with it . 
New party targets across the political spectrum in efforts to stop Brexit... & RENEW THE UK INSTEAD! From position of strength inside EU we can empower UK citizens quickly & effectively, improving standard of life FOR ALL. Join us. #RenewBritain  
By the way I gave many opportunities to @DLidington to say that May’s vision of Brexit would do anything but shrink the economy.  He took none - and gave an account of how @theresa_may industrial strategy was Brexit damage limitation 
#Remainer #PM #TheresaMay has warned that "no-one will get everything they want" out of #Brexit negotiations....? of course not @theresa_may it was never your intention in the first place! Utter #LIAR! #FakeBrexit #MayPlan #BBC #SKY #LBC @ConHome @CCHQPress #ConservativeParty 
The Govt should never say Britain is 'seeking' a deal with the EU. We should offer a deal and tell them take it or leave it. Anything else makes us the supplicant?#Brexit  
Join the discussion on the @Reasons2Remain #Facebook page about how #Brexit is shaping up to be a dreadful deal for #Britain. Link:  #StopBrexit 
So what does this mean for Brexit?It means if we want a society that works #ForTheMany, then we need a thriving economy that can sustain it. 
The world's biggest sovereign wealth fund says London's property market will survive Brexit  
Remain MPs unhappy Queen may use Commonwealth summit to bang drum for trade deals. Anyone would think Remainers dont want Brexit to succeed 
Listening to @RuthDavidsonMSP on @Sun_Pol_Scot struck not only by  inaccuracies but also inconsistencies : for example it is a matter of record that she supported Single Market & Customs Union membership after June 2016 and wanted them retained post #Brexit . Now she doesn’t 
#TheresaMay I have an ambition for our future with the #EU the right #Brexit deal for #Britain Now let's get on with it? When will you understand @theresa_may that 17,410,742 people who voted for BREXIT DO NOT give a Sh*t about the EU! WE voted to Leave It  
As a Brexiteer I voted to regain control of our Borders.The issue of immigration was a key one when people voted for #BrexitImmigration is not a bargaining chip for negotiations with EU.#TheresaMay #Brexit #marr  #Paterson #bbcsp 
“Although most of the EU’s member states want a good deal, they are not drafting the documents.”  Which begs the question: why isn’t the U.K. doing so? Where is the UK’s first draft of a post-Brexit agreement?  
PORT OF LIVERPOOL: Peel Ports COO Patrick Walters says he is "quite positive" about Brexit..."we are an international gateway...based on the West coast, we're not so reliant on trade with continental Europe"  pic.twitter.com/pXd0VK5LL1 
May's Brexit vision:1. Incompatible with the EU2. Incomprehensible on the Irish border3. Irredeemable in damaging the City4. Ignores entirely my children's rights.5. Indubitably contradicts everything said before by Boris, Davis, JRM et al 
#bbcqt So #Brexit was UK's independence referendum?Perhaps it was England's independence referendum . If so, #Brexit is easily solved!#Eexit ! Make it so! 
Anna Soubry Like all those arrogant MPs Only backed Given the people a say on EU Because they thought the people were to Stupid and would vote remain after their Project Fear Campaign 
Almost as if the 2016 referendum didn't happen. Proper head in the sand stuff.  
There's a common brexiter misperception that the EU is pulling Ireland's strings. They cannot grasp the idea that the EU26 are showing solidarity with Ireland's interests, in a way the UK has never done with Scotland's interests. Condescending & misleading #brexit  
One of the best editorials on Brexit I’ve read. Deserves to be widely read. Please retweet everyone! 
WATCH: Tory Brexiteer IDS demolishes Treacherous slippery Mandelson's Brexit moan with SINGLE point about UK's trading future  Treacherous Remoners/Remainers are working in the best interests of their beloved EU not our UK 
Gibraltar chief minister claims Brexit veto and demands a second referendum."It is clear that we do have a Brexit veto for Gibraltar".If Gibraltar can veto Brexit, the UK should be able to, too.We need a #FinalSay to #StopBrexit. 
The more I see failed prime minister @theresa_may fail to articulate anything like a coherent Brexit plan the clearer it is that Brexit must be stopped.  Perhaps a competent PM could negotiate a viable Brexit, but May is not fit for office and her party is fractured.#Marr 
Feel sorry for all the small business owners who will see all their hard work undone by #Brexit. I hope they remember the damage the Tories have done next election and vote for a pro-EU party. #marr 
“It was very much a speech facing up to the lost opportunities of Brexit”: @NicolaSturgeon says the Prime Minister’s speech showed the UK is going to be “worse off” after Brexit  
SF’s @EOBroin says ‘we cannot allow domestic internal Tory party politics to dictate the eventual shape of this agreement in a way that is bad for people on both sides of the border’  #brexit #twip #RoadtoBrexit 
I’ve often thought that brexit is comparable to prohibition - a period of history that people will look back on with nothing but amazement that people ever thought it was a good idea 
The UK is becoming a far less attractive place EU citizens – not least because of the uncertainty of #Brexit and because very little is known yet about what future immigration policy will look like towards EU citizens once the UK has left the EU.  
The point: May’s speech shows that Brexit is a terrible idea. It must be stopped. A modicum of sense & resolve will do it.  
I have an ambition for our future with the EU - the right Brexit deal for Britain. Now let's get on with it.  
Of course. Just co- edited book on variations of membership Nordics have worked out 4 themselves. Point is u CAN access single market w/o being in EU. Of course it comes with strings attached. That’s why most Scots want Eu m’ship. But halfway house is better than hard Brexit. 
Can see why establishment favourite @AndrewMarr9 let's @theresa_may get away with a prerecorded party political broadcast. She'd get flustered ordering a pizza. She's not fit to negotiate Brexit.#Marr 
How long will it take in your opinion for the economy to recover after #Brexit? - Brexit: Theresa May urges EU to buy into 'ambitious' vision RETWEET & VOTE  #yourvoicematters 
Our Brexit negotiators might have given up on having our cake and eating it, but we should be demanding (at least) half the cake...  
A lot has changed in the 4 days since I wrote this, but I’m sticking to my guns: there will be no Brexit. Because the Irish border issue is impossible to resolve without either collapsing Theresa May’s government or keeping Britain in the common market. 
Michael Howard on the May #Brexit speech, 'The PM has united the country', what fucking planet is he on? The tories divide our country, it's what they do, but this time, the xenophobia, casual racism, hostility to migrants, etc they've done it in style #bbcsp. 
One of my main reasons for voting #Brexit.  
Germany is getting a new government. Brexit is still really stupid  
As #May repeats her #RoadtoBrexit fallacy that 'Remainers are united behind Brexit', we must dispel this fallacy. Why should we respect the referendum result when she and Leavers have respected NONE of their promises?#StopBrexit #FinalSay @RCorbettMEP @Peston @mrjamesob #marr RT 
Seriously @Sun_Pol_Scot this is shambolic, don’t ever dare claim BBC isn’t biased. Again Brewer is critical of everyone, Russell now Laird, other than the actual Tories who have caused this entire brexit shambles! You’re an actual embarrassment to journalism and Scotland. 
 The Tories won’t rule out selling off our NHS to get trade deals post-Brexit. Sign our petition and send a loud and clear message – hands off Scotland’s powers.  
@damocrat Because by dressing it up as ‘respect the referendum’, ‘will of the people’ and ‘everyone knew what they were voting for’, Brexiters get to usher in a non-mandated Brexit that would *never* have won and so *mustn’t* be challenged. 
.@Feorlean on @Sun_Pol_Scot reminds Gordon Brewer that Ruth Davidson has changed her Brexit stance numerous times.  
'A BIGGER BLOW than Brexit!' Andrew Marr makes SHOCK Italian election prediction  
tRutLess Davidson on TV as the so called leader of the Tories in Scotland Showing that she is nothing more than a vassal of her London leaderDoing as she is told regardless of what impact it has on Scotland She has turned her back everything she ever said re #Brexit  
Disappointing interview with Ruth Davidson on @Sun_Pol_Scot. A lost opportunity to quiz her on pro hard #brexit @ScotTories MPs, the absence of David Mundell at Chequers summit & fact that UK Govt impact assessments are even bleaker than those of @scotgov 
The British government wants to have its cake and eat it but there is no Brexit fairy to sort it out for them - @M_AndersonSF 
The referendum was a foot in the door. A crowbar in the shutters. A gap in the armour that has protected us from extremist politics in this country.The Brexi-fascists have got their jackboot in that tiny gap, and they're damned if they'll let us close it again. 
I used to wonder whether anyone was gullible enough to fall for those scam emails from African princes, saying there is £350m sitting in a bank account for them. Then Brexit happened.  
“And that’s what I believe, is in the interests of, of, *people* ....” [0.19]The Maybot verges on malfunction as she realises there are actual *people* involved in that thing called Brexit. #marr 
One of my absolutely favourite things about Brexit is Brexiteers thinking they are better placed to determine Ireland's national interest than the Irish government and parliament  
I may be WRONG  !BUTIMO - the Tory *unity* around the PM's '#Brexit speech is COSMETIC !. Designed to keep her in office - until such time as they can DUMP her - and impose their own * regulatory divergence* ie #HardBrexit 
What @michaelgove means is that the lies and deceptions which he and his fellow Brexit leaders used to win the EU referendum have been exposed and wouldn’t work in any second referendum. #bbcsp #subtext 
"I thought it showed the prime minister at her best - calm, patient, disciplined...I think it has united the country" - Lord Howard on PM's #Brexit speech #bbcsp 
The point of the day and why the Sunday politics shows are now pointless.#Brexit can't work, Brexit supporting politicians can't back away from it so it's just 3-5 variations of avoiding being pinned down  
I do get sick of people telling me I voted for #Brexit because of what was written on the side of a bus. Not one of them read the quite compelling essay on the roof. That swung it for me. 
The only aim is ‘Out.’ What does out mean? Out with prosperity. Out with jobs. Out with cohesion. Out with shared ideals. Out with the young. Out with opportunity. Out with outward looking. Out with good sense. It should be Out with Brexit. #StopBrexit 
Extraordinary that @sundaypolitics broadcasts whole programme on #Brexit with absolutely no mention of the @ScotGov EU Continuity Bill introduced this week with Green, Labour and LD support,or to similar action by government in Wales. Brexit is more than Westminster - just sayin. 
We have reached the stage where most people are turning off when #Brexit comes on the media.They have had enough of the endless dither and delay.'We the people' gave the politicians a clear instruction.#LEAVEThey should stop messing about,Just get us OUT. 
This Theresa May love-in is nauseating. All her speech did was put off the inevitable omnishambles until after the local elections. It's laughable to think Jacob Rees-Mogg and Anna Soubry are suddenly as one. May's simply kicked the #Brexit can further down the road. #bbcdp #marr 
IDS wanted a 2nd EU referendum when he thought Leave were gonna lose.   #Marr  #Paterson #BBCSP 
Any FM worth their salt would be working in close cooperation with U.K. Gvmnt, in a diplomatic fashion to reach a FINAL. Brexit bill that looked after Scotland interests, rather than this antagonistic stance to create more division & grievance  
"The idea that somehow the British people were misinformed about Brexit is absolute nonsense" ~ IDS  #Marr  #Paterson #BBCSP 
Nearly there! Now just 1,000 signatures to go - let’s get there...Let’s complete the petition for Parliament’s vote on the Brexit deal to include an option to #Remain.99k+ have now signed.Please RT, re-share and ask someone to sign to get to 100k: 
Note how Nicky Morgan insists that "an ideologically hard Brexit' is not something she can support. 52% of the people voted for it. Get over yourself #bbcsp 
Chucky simply doesn't "get" Brexit does he. He is deep in selfish denial. I'll spell it out again. Brexit is not just about money and trade. It's also about the patriotic preservation of a wonderful world-leading culture & society. Perhaps this is why you don't "get it" Chucky?  
Theresa May said she wouldn't allow a breakup of the United Kingdom well, if we have a hard Brexit, ie leave Customs Union and Single Market, a breakup seems to me to be both inevitable and entirely logical. 
John McDonnell on Brexit: "I've negotiated in Europe, and if you change the tone of these negotiations. One in which you negotiate on the terms of mutual interest. You can secure deals in the benefit of everybody."#Paterson #Marr #SundayMorning  #bbcsp@johnmcdonnellMP 
Really strong Observer editorial highlighting the truly bizarre spectacle of a PM saying, in effect, Brexit is a bad thing but we must do it anyway. Asks: "what kind of leadership is this?" Concludes: "Better, perhaps, to admit we made a mistake ...".  
Clement Attlee on referendums:"I could not consent to the introduction into our national life of a device so alien to all our traditions as the referendum which has only too often been the instrument of Nazism and Fascism."#FBPE 
Dear @Anna_Soubry, I’ve a genuine suggestion for you. Why don’t you resign from the Tories and stand as an Independent on an anti-Brexit ticket? You can show the world the huge swing to Remain you claim is evident, with some actual evidence. Good luck!You’re welcome.  
BBC news: May wants to create a 'special' trade agreement with Brussels that will ensure British fishing fleets get a fairer access to our fishing waters. Read that again - ensure British fishing fleets get a 'fairer access to our' fishing waters. NOT BREXIT 
CONTEMPT: Steve Bannon says the EU has been vicious and dismissive of Brexit Britain.'They haven’t accommodated anything, they have made everything as tough as possible.' 
"Stop moaning about Brexit."  
Imagine a Referendum based on May's Hard Facts on the side of a busBrexit means tough choices We won't get all we wantOur Euro trade will be reducedECJ still affects usWe don't know what to do about NI borderNo more money for NHS... I don't think Leave would win#FinalSay 
98,000 signatures. 2,000 more and parliament debate it. Democracy... The will of the people in action. Sign and RT Petition: Parliament's vote on the Brexit deal must include an option to remain in the EU.  
Hard brexit it is an immediate withdrawal from the EU, trade under WTO Rules & pay not one penny to them.Money pborrowed from the next generation.Soft Brexit means the political class can continue to swindle the British working class.  
Why are Leavers so adamant we respect the referendum result when they have respected zero of the promises they made to voters during the campaign? #marr 
New poll shows Wales ‘not willing to pay’ for Brexit  
#Heseltine #bbcsp #EU #Brexit No wonder   
The Brexit culture wars are driving me bananas | Stewart Lee  
From NHS to food banks, education to deindustrialisation, the UK has big challenges and needs big solutions. Quitting the EU doesn’t solve any, but sure does make many worse.Don’t Brexit. Fix it.#ExitFromBrexit while we can #StopBrexit #FinalSay #FBPE 
Gibraltar chief minister claims Brexit veto and demands a second referendum  via @IBTimesUK 
6 million people were banned from voting in EU Referendum!!2.5 million Brits abroad 3 million EU Citizens in UK that pay tax2million 16/17 year olds ( They voted in Scots Ref)#Gerrymandered 
‘The gaunt post-Brexit future towards which May is stubbornly leading us will make Britain a poorer, meaner, lonelier & shabbier place, struggling to maintain its trade across the barriers we ourselves erected, and exploited by the world’s big economies’  
“We’re at the start of the negotiating period” David Lidington tells @pestononsunday Whit? The Brexit referendum was 20 months ago & 13 months since article 50 was triggered. We are at the very end of the negotiating period.   #brexitshambles 
Do you think life will be different outside the EU? - Brexit: Theresa May urges EU to buy into 'ambitious' vision RETWEET & VOTE  #yourvoicematters 
What really makes me laugh is that the 'I wont vote Labour I'll vote Lib Dems' lot haven't actually ready their manifesto. It is exactly the same on brexit as Labour.The rest of the manifesto is just a mini Tory one.  Oh, and nowhere do they say they will 'stop brexit'  
WATCH | "Over 80% of the UK economy are transactions that take place within this country and yet as members of the Single Market, all of our domestic economy is bound by EU laws.It's about time we had a bit more vision and try to maximise the possibilites that Brexit gives us!"  
Sadly from my recent experience the hard Brexiteers I know regard Ireland as some misguided runaway province which needs to be reabsorbed into the UK and Brexit is a great opportunity. Reminds me of China's attitude towards Taiwan.  
Ever wondered what life after 'brexit' will be like ?Trump's 25% Tariffs should be a Clue, because we will be on our own, so ANYONE could impose Tariffs on ANYTHING, at ANY TIME......Without the backing of the World's Largest & Richest Trading Bloc behind us, we are TOAST. 
Yesterday's post: The economic and political cost of UK austerity    Those who think the UK descended into political madness with Brexit are wrong: the madness started with austerity in 2010 
In common usage here until the Eighteenth Century, and rooted in Middle English, ‘gotten’ is precisely the kind of word we will be able to take back control of after Brexit.  
**Sunday Action**We are nearly at 100k signatures for this petition to ensure option to #Remain is included in Parliament's vote on #Brexit!Will you be number 100k?!Please sign & RT #StopBrexit #Marr  #SundayMorning #FBPE #PCPEU @StopFundingHate 
"We're 20 months on from the referendum, we've got 6 months of negotiations left and only now is the UK government waking up to the reality". @NicolaSturgeon slams Tory negligence over Brexit talks  
Sunday political shows now stuck in a rut with Brexit politicians continually being asked how they’re gonna make it work and they never can. 
REVENGE: May's chief of staff 'leaked Boris letter on Northern Ireland hard border in revenge for Brexit'.'He subscribes to the view that Brexit is a total fucking disaster. He blames Brexit and Boris for losing his seat.' 
In her interview with @AndrewMarr9 PM didn’t cite an example of a single ruling of the Court of Justice with which the U.K. disagreed and which it would seek to change after Brexit. 
"What she's offered the EU is what I call common sense and practical solutions to some of the issues they've talked about" -  Iain Duncan Smith on May's #Brexit speech #marr 
Theresa's Brexit Hamper:Cake, which she can have and eat. Fudge, at the request of David Davis. Jam, the sticky situation she's placed us in. Waffle, her preferred approach to speeches. Cherries, picked from the EU. Unicorn Sandwiches, because they're real aren't they? 
Theresa May used the word “clear” 12 times in her Brexit speech. So are you clear on her Brexit policy? #FarageOnLBC 
Main argument left in favour of Brexit is: “We had a vote 20 months ago & although we now know the things we were promised aren’t attainable & the stuff about it all being straightforward & pain-free isn’t true, we must respect the vote - otherwise it’s a betrayal of democracy.”  
"It's raised a whole series of questions about how she's going to arrive at the destination she's described" says Lord Mandelson on PM's #Brexit speech But admits "she has described a destination better than she's ever done before" #marr 
The Tories still have no answers to the questions facing the Brexit negotiations. The Government is paralysed by its own divisions. Our Brexit approach can unite our country & put jobs and living standards first, and the @CBItweets agrees.RT this ↓ #RoadtoBrexit 
Summary 1. It’s time to stand up for Our BBC.2. It's not biased: it ensures that every pro-EU view is balanced by an anti-Brexit one.3. In any case, even if it *is* biased, so what? I agree with all of its views.4. Which is, after all, why it employs me.5. That's all, folks!  
"We're committed... to making sure there's no harder border" between Northern Ireland and Ireland - Theresa May tells #marr  #Brexit  
When the realities of May's dismal Brexit sink in there will be widespread rejection of it. It will be supported by a small minority in the country and there will be calls for it to be reversed from all quarters. And it will be.#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Defending your own (independent in case people hadn't noticed that) country's interests = anti-Brexit.What does that even mean?  
Brexit, the EU/Irish/UK border and frictionless trade: context, options and challenges. Excellent background research by @hayward_katy #Brexit  
The great tragedy of Brexit is that GB thinks it's negotiating a trade dealThe EU is simply negotiating a divorce #marr 
And I can’t remember when you ever gave a credible answer - including on why before 2016 you supported a second referendum on the terms of any negotiation, which you now disown.  
I run an SME - one of those businesses that are supposed to be clamouring for Brexit. We can trade around the world now and do. Most of our business is in the EU though and #Brexit will not only be more difficult in the short term, but also possibly fatal medium/long-term. #Marr 
Compare that Marr performance with her appearance on the eve of Tory party conf last Oct, and its very clear the PM in a much better place. More comfortable & in control. But didn’t reveal much more of her negotiating hand re Brexit #marr 
The Observer is right to ask "is Brexit, as now envisaged, really worth the trouble?"This will be a deal, if it happens, in which everyone loses. Let's have a #finalsay referendum in order to #ExitFromBrexit 
There is an organisation in the UK facing a particular Brexit problem: they buy a lot from overseas and are suffering from the devalued pound; but don’t export anything to balance this out. Who is this poor organisation?The State. 
.@theresa_may set out 5 tests for future partnership with the EU:1. Respect the result of the referendum2. Be an enduring agreement3. Protect jobs and security4. Deliver an outcome consistent with the kind of country we want to be5. Strengthen our Union of nations#Marr 
If I was interviewing Theresa May: Me: Your #Brexit speech was crap. British people are dying unnecessarily because of your Govt. Murdoch, Dacre, Johnson & Rees Mogg own you. Stop spouting meaningless drivel. Let us have a general election NOW because you are useless.  #Marr 
I thought Brexit was all about 'open Britain' - turning out to face the world?B*llocks. We've become more insular and inward looking than any time since (historians help me out here) the dark ages.  
May on #Marr: ‘#Brexit isn’t an end in itself, it’s about what kind of country we’re going to be in the future’.Re first part, Brexit is indeed an end in itself for the Brexiteer cult. Re second part, that’s precisely what we’re worried about. 
Theresa May sounds so positive as she delivers her death sentence to many British businesses. Can we presume, Mrs May, that your govt will be compensating businesses for the losses incurred due to #Brexit?  #marr 
No issue has ever been more important in my lifetime. Brexit impacts negatively on *everything*. So, get out on the streets, donate and share. All your #StopBrexit #GreatNorthernMarch info can be found here: 
The pressure needs to be kept up on May to deliver the litmus test on brexit which is the recovery of our fishing waters and the resurgence of coastal communities  
#marr where are these "pro Brexit manufacturers"?If there's so many why is Dyson the only one ever mentioned? 
Marr asks May to say which sectors of UK econ wd most benefit from divergence from EU rules, she replies fisheries and agriculture. Marr points out fish/ag make up tiny amount of UK economy.@MarrShow #Brexit 
I have no objection to Brexit in principle (seriously), my writing is about the dreadful way Brexit is being done in practice. About as bad as way as it could be.But if Brexiteers want to take sovereignty and control seriously, learn from EU and Ireland.  How it is done. 
Hi @MarrShow When does Jeremy Corbyn's Labour Party get its hour of unfettered access to The BBC to put across its plans for brexit, housing, support for the homeless and disadvantaged? 
I can't remember on Brexit when I was last asked an original or different question. The whole debate is repetitious, going over the same old lines we rehearsed on both sides endlessly for the referendum campaign. Every day is Groundhog day. 
Why can't we have a foreign Sec. like The  Republic of #Ireland (Poblacht na hÉireann) has? Clear and grown-up.#SimonCoveney-Tánaiste and Deputy PM; Minister for Foreign Affairs and Trade; and responsibility for #Brexit#marr 
Amount of time the UK has spent worrying about the harm Brexit will inflict on the Irish: 0 mins. The UK is now a toddler that needs to be sat down and told its not all about them.  
Tories are losing the #Brexit battle on social media. So they hire a band of Paid-For-Tory-Trolls. Then when that fails, try to lay claim the moral high ground with a faux Respect Pledge because that is all that's left. No matter what they do, they can't hide their record. #JC4PM 
Come on Andrew #Marr - please don't let May get away with saying "most people just want to get on with #Brexit". Poll after poll shows that simply isn't the case. 
So Michael Gove thinks a 2nd referendum would be "hugely disruptive, disrespectful and damaging to democracy". Apparently lying his arse off before the referendum, attempting to mislead an entire country and perverting democracy into a total joke was just fine, though. 
As Brexit continues to be all consuming, vital government work - like protecting domestic violence victims - is happily sidelined.  
Dublin waiting for UK to propose solutions re customs issue which are *detailed*, *legally credible* & *compatible* with EU rule bookBrexit version of #WaitingforGodot 
RETURN OF FARAGE: Ex-Ukip chief hints at political comeback to halt Corbyn's BREXIT BLOCK  
Looking at Blair and his conduct in leading us into a war based on false information, which costs the lives of 400 of our soldiers and taking his personal conduct into account, it defies belief that the man can conspire  with the EU in trying to overturn brexit. 
One of the most risible aspects of the #Brexit negotiations is the importance afforded the Irish Government. They are threatened with a hard border by their EU masters yet lecture us British. #Marr 
A note to right wing English journalists:What you write can also be read in Ireland. When you display ignorance over Irish affairs, it only serves to harden attitudes in Ireland against your precious Brexit.No form of Brexit can benefit Ireland.  
Hannan: It's time we prepared to walk away. "Many Eurocrats aim to make Brexit difficult and disagreeable in the hope that Mrs May will somehow drop the whole idea. Brussels rarely lets referendums stand in the way of deeper integration."  @Telegraph 
Brextremists in the NE from a year ago. Like brexit, the truth about trump is also coming out and both are unraveling. #FBPE #WATON 
#marrEvery MEP appearing on @bbcquestiontime in last 5 years has been pro #brexit, not a single pro EU MEP has appeared.  This is remarkable. 
Oh look. The #Leicesterexplosion alleged culprits.Arkan Ali, Hawkar Hassan, and Aram KurdDarn, I was expecting three white far right pro brexit white supremacists 
Apparently according to the Brexit playbook, only the UK has sovereignty. At least that is what it appears that they are saying. 
What the pointless Brexit speech really meant. #Marr 
Brexit Britain’s foreign policy. Insults. Isolation. Incredible.  
Brexiteers appear to be angry at EU and Ireland because they are effectively protecting their own interests, when that is what Brexit was supposed to be about for the UK. 
Of all the outrageous myths which Labour MP @ChukaUmunna is trying to advance here, is the idea that there will be little or no post-Brexit trade with the EU the silliest? RT for “yes”!  
Post-Brexit we should be investing in the capacity to produce some of the stuff we import, saying it may not be glamorous, but it can easily be done and will make the UK stronger, writes British manufacturer John Elliott  
"extreme" is a curious word for a country protecting its own interests.  Wasn't that what Brexit is supposed to be about?  
600 days of Theresa May the Basketcase Tory PM leading the country into isolation into the abyss brexit austerity wages lower than 2010 debt doubled while the rich lie on their Tory yachts in their Tory Tax havens people lie frozen to death on our streets  
This is excellent news: a task force led by the very bright Oliver Letwin is working on 50 EU laws we can scrap immediately on leaving. The main economic benefit of Brexit is cutting red tape. The first of many  
"I’m visiting the hundred constituencies with the highest ‘leave’ votes in the 2016 referendum. All by train, as I did when Transport Secretary a decade ago."  
A simple question for the @MarrShow to ask May: Do you honestly think Britain will be better off after Brexit? 
Heseltine on Brexit: ‘The only way forward was for the issues to be put back to parliament, and then to an election or referendum’  
“... very real prospect of another disaster, maybe even the loss of Gibraltar, after centuries ...” — Gibraltar is going to be an even bigger Brexit problem than Ireland – so why does no one want to talk about it? - The Independent  
Unelected Lord Heseltine attempts to sow more Brexit divisions within the Tory party. Nothing to do with his concerns over the loss of his generous EU subsidies, you understand. No conflict of interest of course!  
Tories’ Brexit unity fades as Heseltine slams May’s speech   
This is the very definition of UK , in fact Anglo, centric and will cause as much offence in Brussels  as it does in Dublin ( and indeed Edinburgh). It is als entirely wrong to assume  there can be any benefit from #Brexit , as even the PM was beginning to admit on Friday .  
I and my partner stopped our Labour membership months ago. Brexit is far bigger than the anti European Conservative & Labour parties. Vote for a pro European party. #WATON #FBPE 
Only 8 months to strike a deal, 'squeaky bum time' for the whole UK, especially Theresa...  The hundreds of Brexit points that need to be discussed will require far longer than available. Tories have messed up badly #BrexitShambles #Marr  #Paterson 
We now face a much greater danger than a Hard-Brexit, or even a Kamikaze-Brexit. It's Jeremy Corbyn's Red Brexit  >  Mail On Sunday  >   
Labour Party is losing 5,000 members per week due to Brexit.Not that surprising.There is only so long that Socialists will prop up the hard right Brexit.Get rid of Corbyn & get a proper anti Brexit leader in, then oppose Brexit.#FBPE#PCPEU#JC4PM#StopBrexit#FinalSay 
The Observer view on Theresa May’s Brexit speech | Editorial  
No Chuka, the Queen will do what she has always done and promote British interests, not the EU's. As for trade deals. A good trade deal is better than no deal at all. #Brexit will be better than staying in the EU. Disruption or not. 
BREXITWe voted to leave the EU. Inevitably, this means leaving the Customs Union so we are free to strike trade deals with the rest of the world & leaving the single market, so we are free to decide who gets to live in our country. Otherwise, Brexit is meaningless.  
Brexit is the ultimate in disaster capitalism - an opportunity for massive asset stripping and unprecedented de-regulation by and for the super-rich. The UK have been conned. 
Brexit is supposed to be about reducing immigration, yet more migrants come from outside EU than inside. We could stop that, but we don't, because we need migrants.If we stop them coming from EU, we'll just take more from outside.I can't see Brexiters liking that.  #FinalSay 
We are living in a bullshitocracy. And the Brexit ultras will turn on May “because they have no choice but to find hypocrites and sellouts.”    
.@DanielJHannan: Brussels believes that Brexit can be reversed, so won’t talk terms. Varoufakis and David Cameron found out what happens when you negotiate with partners who believe you won’t walk away. For Heaven’s sake, let’s not repeat their mistake.  
Has @guyverhofstadt made one positive, encouraging or constructive statement on the Brexit negotiations without resorting to cheap, infantile insults? No, I didn’t think so. 
It’s shaping up to be a dreadful Brexit deal for Britain: An excellent summing up of the May speech by the @guardian. Please read. 
Odious warmonger wants:1... EU to reform so that...2... you ‘change your mind’...3... in a 2nd referendumWon’t happenWon’t happenWon’t happenFederal EU is dangerousIndependent Britain is necessaryTony Blair is an EU extremist 
Theresa May is determined to push on with a Hard Brexit - one that will make most of us much poorer and only the wealthy few will benefit - #BrexitShambles #Marr  #Paterson 
USA is UK's biggest trading partner.The EU forces us to put massive tariffs on USA imports.This puts up the price of US imports in UK shops.When we #Brexit we can slash the tariffs and do a lot more trade with US.EU is holding back our trade with our biggest trading partner.  
The man who brokered the Good Friday Agreement just issued a disturbing warning about Brexit  
Tories’ Brexit unity fades as Heseltine slams May’s speech  
If Scotland votes for anyone apart from @thesnp we’ll suffer even worse under the uk establishment. This is our chance to show WM we have a future without their oppression.Corbyn wants #brexit. He doesn’t want ScotindyHe’s not a socialist. 
"Nobody voted to be poorer" - this is a good reason to give Leavers as we call for a #FinalSay on a Brexit deal.  
#Brexit, the #US, #China and the future of global #trade  
Can you believe this - this person is contracted to pick @bbcquestiontime audiences retweets Britain First posts. No wonder the #bbcqt audiences lean to Brexit, UKIP, Tories & far right.What’s wrong with you @bbc - why can’t you get the balance right. Why’s that? 
Why are EU, BBC, and others silent? #Brexit Facts4EU shines a light on the hypocrisy of EU foreign policy towards South Africa, and the scandal now happening. New summary page, 4-part report and building:  
It is not Ireland’s responsibility to deliver Brexit. Britain voted to leave. It is Britain’s responsibility alone  
The Tories have no answers to the questions facing Brexit negotiations. Quite the opposite: the Government is paralysed by its own divisions. Labour's Brexit plan will put jobs & living standards first – and @CBItweets agrees ↓ #RoadtoBrexit 
Oh dear, I can remember, not so long ago, when @Telegraph was a decent GB newspaperPutting someone on the front page who even Trump disowned to defend its increasingly xenophobic and swivel-eyed view of Brexit just makes it look more and more desperate  
1. This is just one extract from my extraordinary interview with Brexit Bad Boy @andywigmore, a man at the very top of the  tree.Get stuck in here: On Cambridge Analytica and the question of money: 
The UK is one of the very few net exporters of music, and the myriad of difficulties Brexit will pose for touring in its closest market will make tours less worthwhile for bigger acts, and impossibly costly for smaller acts to make work. 2/ 
the #Isitworthitbus will be back... Snow shall not stop us stopping #Brexit!   
17 million people thought voting Brexit would be good for the country.16 million people thought voting Brexit would be bad for the country.Why is it unacceptable or insulting to question whether the first group was right? Especially as nobody knew how the negotiations would go. 
More polling raises questions about Corbyn's Brexit approach .YouGov finds CON would a have 10 point lead at next election if LAB backs Brexit and a five-point lead if it opposes it. 
Anti-Brexit CBI says British businesses grew at the fastest rate in more than two years in the three months to February, admitting growth was far above the long-run average across most sectors... #DespiteBrexit 
West Coast #fishing in my area is predominantly fruit de mer-lobster, langoustine etc - >80% sold in EU.While NE fishermen may hope to just sell more fish in Scotland - with economic impact of #Brexit, we sure ain’t going to be having lobster for our tea. #SingleMarket 
."Peace – together with mutual British & Irish membership of the EU – has ushered in a finer relationship between Dublin & London than we have EVER known in the past.Now, unless we proceed with care, Brexit may undermine it.. 
What us Remainers must never forget is that, as Major pointed out the other day, for every 17 people who voted for Brexit, there were 16 people who voted to continue our partnership with our sisters & brothers in the EU.The 17 will shrink, while the 16 grows.  
Gibraltar is going to be an even bigger Brexit problem than Ireland – so why does no one want to talk about it?  
German MEP and long-time Angela Merkel ally Elmar Brok:"Normally when you arrange a trade agreement, standards come closer together. With Brexit the standards would begin close together, equally, and then divide. That's a very difficult process to manage."#FBPE 
Please, when you see this tomorrow, RT & make a complaint. Takes 5 minutes.Every MEP on @bbcquestiontime in past 5 years has been anti BrexitNot a single appearance from a pro EU MEPWhy?  
... "It's obviously the position in Germany that Brexit is a lose-lose situation, but the damage for the UK will be higher than for Germany" ...Merkel ally dismisses claim German car manufacturers will save Brexit: 'It's a nice dream but it's not reality'  
Every day on Twitter...Me: Minor observation on BrexitRemainer: "That's dumb! Restate your entire case for Brexit in full, now!"Me: "I was making a tangential point"Remainer: "Ha! You can't do it, can you? See, Brexit is stupid!"Other Remainer: "Look at this dumb Brexiter!" 
Great article by Jonathan Freedland on May’s pointless Brexit speech yesterday “May is the diner determined to go a la carte, only to order dishes that were available on the fixed-price menu for half the cost. “  
."The best post-speech question from the audience came from a German journalist who cut through the complexities by asking: “Is Brexit really worth it?” To which Mrs May replied with a ramble that DIDN’T include the word yes.". 
What UK pundits call an extreme anti-Brexit stance is effectively conventional wisdom across all EU27 states. A UK government opting for open confrontation with Ireland will lose the few friends it has left in the EU  
Brexit was mis-sold. MPs and the public must be able to think again. #StopBrexit. 
Remainers have been asking this for a LONG time.Where are the heroes who will lead the Brexit retreat?#FBPE 
Every single MEP invited onto #BBCQT in past 5 years has been a #Brexit peddler - all 35 of them! 33 UKIP & 2 Tory.No Lib Dem. No LAB. No Greens.How come  the BBC are getting away with this corrosive anti-EU bias? 
Blair, this week: "I find it sickening that people should be prepared to sacrifice peace in N. Ireland on the altar of Brexit." If we’d had more honesty from politicians in the first place perhaps we wouldn’t be here. Blair did more to dismantle trust in politics than any other. 
2/. OR Substitute “HM Government” for “Leo Varadkar”  then, removing “anti” before “Brexit stance” continue“the 16+million who voted Remain, those who favoured it but did or could not vote, the majority in Scotland and NI. & the people too young or vulnerable to vote?” 
1/. Have you thought of reversing “Leo Varadkar” and “HM Government” then removing “anti” from before “Brexit.”How does that seem now?It is a question of walking in the other person’s shoes.You need to remember what an insult Brexit has been. 
Vanessa is another leave voter who (quite honourably) did so wanting to help increase funds to the NHS! Now she sees the lies and has #bregret@MsladyVeeVee so many others feel as you do. I agree with ou it’s now very feasible #brexit will not happen. #stopbrexit#remainernow 
Why don’t the MSM challenge Tony Blair et al when they assert, as if it were obvious, that Brexit will be economically damaging? Brexit will give the economic BENEFIT of leaving an inward-looking, over-regulated, declining, protectionist, last-century organisation. 
The UK voted for a fantasy in 2016, where Brexit was certain to make the UK a superior state - at least superior to all other EU states. Theresa May said on Friday that we can only choose between vassal state or kamikaze state. Perhaps we should opt for 'Remain': an equal state. 
Bad news for Donald Trump: Brexit probably won’t happen  
Notorious liar Michael Gove who lied for months before the EU referendum thinks an informed referendum would be hugely disruptive, disrespectful & damaging to democracy."  
Heseltine slams May’s Brexit speech.‘Phrases, generalisations and platitudes’ won’t make a deal more likely, warns former deputy PM.We’re better off if we #StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
'No trade, no money!' Jacob Rees-Mogg's no-nonsense WARNING to Brussels over Brexit deal  
Tories’ Brexit unity fades as Heseltine slams May’s speech  
Utterly hilarious that the Observer's supposed litmus test for Tory unity on Brexit is whether *Michael Heseltine* agrees with it! Scraping the barrel for a lead story, @tobyhelm... 
Now just 3,000 to go! Keep pushing...Nearly there on the petition for Parliament’s vote on the Brexit deal to include an option to #Remain.97k+ have signed - we’re nearly at the 100k target.Please RT, re-share and ask someone to sign to get there: 
#LibDemsAt30 I joined 11 years ago, when the Lib Dems were standing up to Labour on civil liberties, Guantanamo and Iraq. Those values and that spirit still inform our campaigning - especially our fight to give the people the final say on Brexit. 
‘downsides are becoming more evident as time passes: serious devaluation of £..from the fastest to slowest growing economy in Europe..made a complete Horlicks of the Irish border. I am totally with Blair & Major that matter has got to go back to parl & possibly to a referendum’  
WESTMINSTER: Gary Neville calls for 'failing' Prime Minister Theresa May to be sacked / #Brexit #ToriesOut 
It sure is @ChukaUmunna.  Your head in the sand.  We had a referendum.  We voted to leave the EU.  We are leaving all the constructs including the SM and CU.  Do you understand now?  
1/ A few clips from this week's DExEU select committee. '...trade-wise, Brexit is like removing an egg from an omelette.' Pascal Lamy. @IanDunt @StevePeers @GuitarMoog @EmporersNewC @CoppetainPU @IanaDreyer @Bengoa_Marta 
“The argument goes something like this: "I refuse to prove that I exist" says God, "for proof denies faith, and without faith I am nothing”#DouglasAdams#Brexit was supposedly "a great leap of faith" by the British peopleSo when they stop believing in #Brexit, Brexit will stop 
One of the things Europeans had always found hardest to understand about Britains was their habit of continually stating and repeating the very obvious, as in It's a nice day, or #Brexit means Brexit, or Oh dear we seem to have fallen down a 30-foot #Brexit hole, are we alright? 
.They said you should respect the result of:-  Indyref2014 & Brexit, it’s democracy But when the democratically elected Scottish Parliament voted for a Bill to protect Scotland from a WM power grabThey reject that democracy & goto court                        Hypocrites  
Lying to the British public during the referendum was also “hugely disruptive, disrespectful and damaging to democracy”.  
Heseltine has been around long enough to know shes talking bollocks #TheresaMaySpeech #Brexit 
@thecatreviewer meet Colin, the new neighbourhood floofy cat who visits twice a day and three times on Saturday and Sunday. Enjoys a good fuss and has strong feelings on Brexit.  
I feel like I should make everyone aware that there is a downside to stopping #BrexitWe'll have nothing to tweet about!! 
*Theresa May's Brexit Speech*  
Guy Verhofstadt issues scathing response to Theresa May's Brexit speech: 'We need more than vague aspirations'  
I'm sure the supposed Tory unity was merely a figment of some imaginations.As Heseltine points out May’s speech fails to answer any of the critical questions on #Brexit.It looks like she'd rather the Tories split than face down the hard-right. 
Brexit Explained  
Who do I blame? Eight reasons we ended up in this Brexit mess | Ian Jack  
it is totally irresponsible to say scrapping the Good Friday Agreement  is a price worth paying for #BrexitWe cannot allow this to happen#stopbrexit before it is too late#6monthsleft 
Tories’ Brexit unity fades as Heseltine slams May’s speech : “we have made a complete Horlicks of the Irish border”  
Once this Brexit shit is over, does anyone fancy a pint? 
Heseltine attacks May speech on how Gov’t will deliver Brexit. In other news, the Pope is a practising Catholic...  
I was on a conference call this morning with my Bristol NW, Labour MP.He is very pro EU as people from all parties voted for him to eject the Brexit Tory.He said that EU rebel Labour MP’s are 100 now and growing.#FBPE 
The man who brokered the Good Friday Agreement just issued a disturbing warning about Brexit  
#TelegraphView: Britain's finances are ready for a no-deal Brexit 
"Europe is complaining about the US’s latest policy...Europe has already imposed two dozen anti-dumping measures against Chinese steel exports....If Europe were so open, what is all the fuss abt Brexit & the inability of the UK to access the European market?"  
"A second EU referendum would be hugely disruptive and disrespectful" says Environmental Secretary Michael Gove.We assume he's never bought a product, got home to discover it was broken and returned it to the store then... 
"You're only anti-Brexit and pro-Labour because THE MAINSTREAM MEDIA has brainwashed you! Wake up!">go to any news agent>half the newspapers on sale have front page headlines comparing immigrants to a zombie horde and claiming Jeremy Corbyn is a time-travelling KGB spy 
Heseltine: "Why is it that after 18 months since the referendum we have not got any closer with these issues?"  
I ask the Govt & those still supporting this farcical #Brexit please prove how it can possibly take place w/o us ending up Poorer & Weaker with Fewer Rights and less Control? Binding #FinalSay on the deal with the option to #StopBrexit.#ABTV 
Just in case anyone hasn’t got there yet, and I think @theresa_may is close, Brexit is A   M O N U M E N T A L  A C T                         of             S E L F  H A R Mthat will detrimentally affect the health, wealth and happiness of the UK for a generation or more. 
I'm used to devising face savers for aggressive kids with conduct disorders, but how to do it for millions of stubborn adults who won't admit that they've made the mistake of a lifetime? If anyone knows how to do this then there is hope - not just for Brexit but for the USA  
Wouldn't it be ironic if #ToryRemain were the ones who  stopped #Brexit?  
OBSERVER POLITICS LEAD: Tories’ Brexit unity fades, by @tobyhelm 
The @LibDems offered a second referendum. If that was what the majority wanted they would have won by a landslide. .@jeremycorbyn absolutely right to ignore calls for one. 
.@BBCRadio4 just did a feature on Douglas Adams and Hitch Hiker's Guide to the Galaxy... "The answer to Life, the Universe and #Brexit = 42!" Please thread your favourite HHGG quotes! (Bonus points for #StopBrexit references!)  
ComRes for the Sunday Mirror, polling on the week's EU speeches, finds the proportion of people who think Corbyn should've backed a second referendum is...drumroll...12 per cent. Big whoop for @Andrew_Adonis and friends! 
."Former American senator who brokered peace in Northern Ireland has warned there could be “serious trouble ahead” if border checks were reinstated because of Brexit.". 
Since the 2016 Brexit vote, net EU migration has dropped by c. 100,000. Presumably that means everyone is now enjoying higher wages, more free beds in the NHS, smaller school class sizes & more money for public services... no? 
I’m seeing my father-in-law tomorrow. Amongst the things Brexit has taken away from me is the respect I once had for my children’s grandfather. 
Germany: High turnout in SPD (S&D) member vote on a coalition with CDU and CSU (both EPP). Result tomorrow morning. Party referendum will decide whether government will be formed five months after the election. #CDU #spdmitgliederentscheid 
The "Hard Facts", ladies and gentlemen, are that the Tories have been planning a No Deal Brexit since May took over, and will turn this country into a tax haven for the mega-rich and Sweat Shop Britain for the rest of us.  Wake up, ffs. Get them out of government!  
Frictionless trade after Brexit is impossible outside a customs union, Donald Tusk tells Britain  
Despite offering a very leading question, Blair suffered a heavy defeat, with 66% of respondents backing a so-called ‘Hard Brexit’ after some 174,600 votes. RT #ForBritain 
Please sign the @Right2WaterIRL petition here. Don't allow FG and FF to do a backroom deal to deny a referendum on public ownership of water.  
We’re sick of being told by outsiders how we should run our own country.The only threat to peace in Ulster comes from the cynical & deeply irresponsible attempts by the EU & its Remoaner allies to weaponise the issue in Brexit negotiations.   
Dear @Ofcom with Brexit such a serious issue why are you not taking action against the @BBC ? #REF2 #WATON 
Carney says by the end of the year this pre Brexit farce will have cost two percentage points of GDP...wait for it...that’s £40 billion! FFS x 100! 
In the normal circumstances a Referendum won honestly as a lasting verdict would have a large swing behind it as the only way forward. The fact Brexiteers have not convinced Remainers to become stable Releavers suggests to me the Brexit narrative has not convinced half the UK! 
Its not just @tconnellyRTE 's  deep understanding all of things Brexit which is so essential but its his ability to articulate it so clearly. So, so many in the British media struggle terribly - another great piece from Tony here.   
Tories biting their tongues after the #RoadToBrexit speech simply means that the #Tory civil war on #Brexit continues behind closed doors(via @Hugodixon at  @InFactsOrg): 
The EU’s treatment of Britain in the Brexit negotiations has been “vicious and dismissive”, says former White House chief strategist  
How Brexit negotiations could have been......  
I think this is just random words. You could put anything and make just as much sense."A second referendum would be hugely melodious, miscible and noctilucent to democracy."  
Traditionally Netherlands has always been one of UK’s greatest allies in EUToday this is how the see #brexit  
As stable as ever...Was Britain right or wrong to vote to leave the #EU ?Right 44% (+2)Wrong 45% (-)Fieldwork, Feb 26 - 27#Brexit 
The Daffodil and Yellow Ribbon - symbols of Wales and Catalonia.Ned Thomas, who lead today's Aberystwyth St David's Day Parade, wore a yellow ribbon, like #PepGuardiola, in support of the Catalan politicians and people imprisoned by Spain for voting in a democratic referendum.  
Can't wait to negotiate a trade deal with this fella. Should more than make up for the loss of EU business post-Brexit.  
That moment when the Dutch do political cartoons on Theresa May and the BREXIT...Helmet, anybody?"Milestone" by @joepbertrams 
The terrible weather suffered right across the country should be a wake up call to ALL politicians that Food availability cannot be taken for granted. Maintaining and growing the UKs ability to produce quality, safe, affordable food must be a political priority for Brexit. 
Is Nicola Sturgeon about to demand another independence referendum? As the pressure mounts, I look at the First Minister's options.  
I'll be clear: I'm no trade expert. I'm an architect. I know about construction. But my husband works for Ford as a vehicle research and designer and spends most of his time out of the UK. Brexit affects us. It's our duty to learn. Sort of thread 
'Theresa May’s chaotic approach to Brexit only highlights its absurdity'  
Errm @KCLibDems I fought the election on our position in Brexit remember? I seem to remember it displeased you. And our position has barely changed despite the chaos and about-turns from No 10. But please stick to your position, it really helped us last June.  #OneLove 
Bannon is in Italy to build a broader populist far-right movement throughout Europe including fascists“The Italian people have gone farther, in a shorter period of time, than the British did for Brexit and the Americans did for Trump. Italy is the leader” 
Seriously? You supported Cameron. It helped him win. That meant he could hold the referendum. No Tory win, no referendum and no Brexit. Take a look at your responsibility for what happened. You could have chosen to let the Tories run a minority administration. You chose not to. 
Interview @SODEMAction protest on 21st Feb by On why I dropped out of uni:"There is no future in the #UK after #Brexit so we have to #StopBrexit first"On why I am determined to keep fighting:"#Britain is my home and it's being taken away from me" 
Real wages falling less than before (ie still not increasing in line with wages) is not Brexit = rising wages.8 years of this bullshit. Neoliberalism means permanently falling living standards from here.  
Brexit warning from US senator who brokered Northern Ireland peace  
PLEASE Sign & Share !  It's only 4,000 away from a debate in Parliament !Thanks !  :-)Petition: Parliament's vote on the Brexit deal must include an option to remain in the EU.  
An irony of #Brexit is that those who support it because they believe it will restore British sovereignty, are informed by right wing press & politicians who want to weaken the state and place Britain and its people under the domination of a global plutocratic elite.#StopBrexit 
How did you hold the Tories back exactly? Tuition fees? VAT increases? Massive cuts to public services? Health and Social Care Act? Lib Dem’s voted for the lot then lost most of your seats so we ended up with a majority Tory government and Brexit. Thanks very much Tim. 
Contrary to popular belief the UK cannot 'leave' the EU. We can cease to be a member, but the EU economic superpower will still be 20 miles away, its influence over us only slightly reduced, while we will have wholly lost our large say in its decisions. #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit 
Easiest deal everNo downside whatsoeverThis is how Brexit was soldThis simply won't happenBrexit was sold on a false prospectusWe need a #FinalSay 
UK lawyer warns; Whole supply chain needs to help police food fraud. Brexit could make the UK vulnerable to food fraud. I agree with this except exchange the 'could' with 'will'  
EU certainly has the biggest surplus in car trade balance, US biggest deficit, but also vs all regionsAnyway fascinating case study in post Brexit trade policy... what happens in US-EU trade war? UK cars exempted by Trump?... but would cars even have enough local content etc?  
So @theresa_may was asked if Brexit was worth it - and avoided answering the question.She doesn’t believe in Brexit. The majority of the public doesn’t believe in Brexit.Please RT and let’s send her a clear message:Brexit isn’t worth it. #StopBrexit. 
This is crazy, what is the point of Brexit? Time for @UKLabour to commit to a public vote at the end of this farce, in or out. 
Following Theresa May's admission on Friday that Brexit will not be good for everyone, the government issues a handy pamphlet.  
Richard Tice - "What’s absolutely vital is that Theresa May doesn’t make concessions without having concessions made from the other side. We’ve got to be prepared to walk away if necessary if we don’t get a sensible deal." #Brexit  
Ex-prime ministers are entitled to their opinions just like the rest of us but I have heard enough from the sad 1990s tribute act that is Blair & Major.They remind me of how we allowed the EU to grow arrogant & out of control in the first place. #Brexit  
The best decision I have ever made was to leave the @Conservatives & their road to a disastrous #Brexit. Joining the @LibDems to fight this divisive nasty politics is something I am immensely proud of & urge others to do so too. 
"Prince Mohammed may seek to foster a competitive rivalry between a UK government desperate to attract Saudi investment to offset the Brexit chaos and his US hosts, particularly over the Aramco IPO," said Kristian Ulrichsen  
Well done to John Major this week, putting country before party and calling for the public to have a say on #Brexit. 
First poll since PM's crunch EU speech reveals less optimism about Brexit 
Gove: "2nd referendum in 2018 (two years after 2016) would be damaging to democracy". Of course, calling a 2017 General Election two years after the last one was a jolly good idea and very democratic.  
Youth Politics event Manchester further strengthened my determination to fight Brexit. Huge opposition among generation most affected @YPUK_ 
So @KarlTurnerMP WON’T be taking into consideration his constituents, who voted a massive 73% in favour of #Brexit in the upcoming Commons vote Karl will instead be voting for a Customs Union with ECJ overrule#LabourBrexitBetrayal #RoadToBrexit @hulldailymail @EastHullCLP 
BREXIT - WHAT HAPPENED THIS WEEK. Mrs May made another waffly speech. Barnier tabled specific legal texts on Ireland which HMG rubbishes without tabling anything in return because the Cabinet can’t agree. Politics is won by those who show up ... 
Elmar Brok is a long term friend of Scotland & has vast knowledge of the EU- listen to him : Why Germany is ready to stand up to Britain on Brexit  
I am speaking now at @TheGreenParty of England & Wales Spring Conference in Bournemouth on Brexit and energy policy. You can follow live via:  #RoadtoBrexit 
Just 4,000 to go! Nearly there on the petition for Parliament’s vote on the Brexit deal to include an option to #Remain.96k+ have signed - we’re nearly at the 100k target.Please RT, re-share and ask someone to sign to get there: 
“The Prime Minister seemed to spend a lot of her speech setting out the benefits of EU membership and close European co-operation, making her determination to pursue a hard Brexit all the more bizarre." 
"Austerity, for this and other reasons, created the conditions that allowed Brexit to happen. Those who think the UK descended into political madness with Brexit are wrong: the madness started with austerity in 2010."  
Everyone predicted Brexit/Trump would be bad.But enough people didn’t listen or didn’t care.It’s time to listen now.#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Brexit...  
Another referendum will produce same result. You lost  - get over it 
WHAT MATTERS: Trump this week said ‘trade wars are good’ & Xi suspended what passed for the Chinese constitution. Two key markets Dr Fox said Brexit Britain wd conquer. And Mrs May concedes her deal will ‘reduce market access’ to EU. Brexit - ever more crazy. 
What about Project Fear? Siemens announce new £200MILLION train factory in Brexit Victory  
As a British citizen whose livelihood depends on the EU, Brexit has left me landlocked in France  
Steve Bannon says EU's treatment of Britain over Brexit negotiations 'vicious and dismissive'  
Not allowing a second EU referendum would be hugely disruptive, disrespectful and damaging to democracy. People have a right to change their minds.  
Matt on Brexit and the weather - political cartoon gallery in Putney  
Brexit warning from US senator who brokered Northern Ireland peace  
Dear M Barnier, it’s increasingly likely that the British people will hold a referendum on Mrs May’s Brexit deal & many of us look forward to Britain playing a leading role in EU long after 2019.  
Brexit now feels like when the guy who asked for an open relationship now has to listen to his girlfriend loudly screwing her pilates instructor while he watches UK Gold on the sofa bed! 
London audience actually spitting tacks at the idea that the public were informed before the Brexit vote.  
This is the problem with tactical voting for a party that is Brexit facing.  They declare that this is the “will of the people”That’s why JC too doesn’t want a #FinalSay.The will of the people might be to overrule the previous will of the people and we can’t be having that! 
Council leaders across UK believe Brexit will hurt local economies.More than 60% of council leaders and chief executives predict negative impact or council tax rises from Brexit.We’re better off if we #StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
Steve Bannon is in Italy to help build a broader populist movement throughout Europe. "The Italian people have gone farther, in a shorter period of time, than the British did for Brexit and the Americans did for Trump. Italy is the leader," he told NYT  
The Prime Minister set out a pragmatic and deliverable Brexit plan. Well received in the UK and in the EU, by businesses and politicians. Another step closer to the agreement that will work for both the UK and the EU.  
Bit like the referendum then John?  
Staying in a customs union after Brexit would betray Britain's national interests, Liam Fox says 
Mark Rutte shares his vision for Europe: “Brexit has underlined that EU membership is a conscious choice”  
Britain would face an unprecedented food shortage with no Brexit deal, Sainsbury's CEO says  
Before Brexit I'd have loved Scotland to remain in the union. Now I can see how little respect Westminster has for the Scotish people I can see why independence is so necessary for Scotland. I'd still like you to stay but understand it's no longer viable post Brexit. 
I reckon if this snow stays we’d re-discover our sense of community, start shopping locally as a norm, save pubs, get rid of Tories and stop Brexit  
“Falsehood flies, and truth comes limping after it, so that when men come to be undeceived, it is too late; the jest is over, and the tale hath had its effect.” ~ Jonathan Swift.................................................And that’s how we ended up with Brexit & Trump. 
Brendan O’Neill defends Leave voters in front of a hostile Remainer audience on @BBCAnyQuestions #Brexit  
I've reluctantly filed a formal complaint to the @BBC.Full story: Complaint text is below. Will report back when I'll get a reply!Please RT & share.#BBCBrexitBias #Todaywatch #Brexit #StopBrexit #WATON #FBPE 
Theresa May set out five tests for a successful Brexit. But these criteria are woolly, vague and hard to assess  
Having called and lost a referendum vital to the future of the UK far too many Tories are only interested in a Brexit that deals with their own future, they are a foul despicable bunch, please stop voting for them if you have not already done so. 
We don’t need a second referendum, all we really need is the 500 or so MPs that know Brexit will be a disaster to all stand up and say so - country before party. 
The Road to Brexit: "a few extra cherries on the Brexit cake". When will Gov't realise UK can't make unreasonable demands for continued market access while evading EU rules. No realistic deal will benefit UK as much as EU membership. Let's #RethinkBrexit & #RenewBritain instead! 
Mrs May should remember what happened the last time a Tory government implemented a deeply divisive, unfair and hated policy. The Poll Tax didn't end well for the P.M. and neither will #Brexit. 
If Britain *was* to refuse to allow a second independence referendum, it would reveal itself as the precise opposite of the kind of country unionism tells us it is and on which its case is based. 
I remember that incident more than any in the history of the troubles . Any politician that celebrates such activity should never be anywhere near Government. RIP both soldiers in that incident and all those that have died protecting us.  
. @RuthDavidsonMSP who campaigned against Brexit and who immediately after the vote said UK must stay in the single market but leave EU now backing hard Brexit to sook in with HQ & the gutter press. Career before country.  
And here are, as I see it, the main scenarios we are looking at for UK/EU borders post-Brexit + a summary of what each would mean for GB/NI & NI/IRL borders.IMO the draft Protocol is narrow interpretation of Joint Report. UK in a CU wd be minimum to keep E/W open as possible.  
Tell you what @michaelgove, telling lies to the electorate is hugely disruptive, disrespectful and damaging to democracy. As is denying Parliament a free vote or disallowing people the chance to change their minds on Brexit when the facts are known.   
Whatever happened to “there are no downsides to Brexit at all?”Oh and this has aged well...  
I don't think asking; "WTF are you guys actually planning to do?" For nine months - is extreme anti-Brexit TBF 
Brexit can herald a bright future for Britain’s farmers and the promise of a new deal which will enable them to reap the rewards of freedom from the EU the National Farmers Union has predicted 
Does anybody in Whitehall ask the same question about the British govt bolstering an anti Brexit sentiment in Ireland. Since December, Leo's political fortunes have been transformed due to Brexit.  
I think what the world needs right now is 4 slides putting the #Brexit border issue as simply as possible. So here goes... 
Can we just be clear on this. May's half fucked version of Brexit gives the power to future governments to dredge up all this turmoil long after 2019. It won't end. Her Brexit is unending nightmare  
Bloody Barnier, going to meet Danish fishermen to gain an understanding of how Brexit will affect them, so he can negotiate knowledgeably on their behalf. What’s wrong with just winging it, like David Davis, and pretending that you know what you’re talking about?  
Phone call leads to agreement to break Brexit deadlock  Can       We Trust Theresa May's Word in a phone call? After we had a " Signed VOW" Broken by A Prime Minister And Labour, Lib/Dem. 
Unrolled thread from @jamesmb #Brexit  please read this about the oh so charming JRM 
Increasingly think Philip Hammond revealed the real border policy last September when he talked about seeking the ‘lowest possible level of friction at the border that is compatible with our other Brexit ambitions.’ 
Feb 15: French unemployment drops to lowest level since 2009. The decrease of 0.7 percentage points in the last quarter of 2017 was the biggest drop in any single quarter since at least 1996.So much for the Eurozone collapsing. #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit 
Lexiteers should understand that although EU was based on a broadly neoliberal platform, there are also a lot of of built-in social protections. #Brexit will lead to a more draconian neoliberalism. The sensible left/centre left need to counter the populist left and wake up Corbyn 
"...the European Union is built on complex legal foundations and the kind of constructive ambiguity that might allow unionists and nationalists to equally claim victory in Northern Ireland will not work with Brexit." Superb analysis from @tconnellyRTE.   
‘Soft Brexit’ at end of 2016 was defined as staying in the single market & customs union Then in the middle of 2017 soft Brexit meant leaving with transition and a deal rather than WTO terms Now some saying leaving the single market & customs union is a soft Brexit  
Perfect summary why Brexit can’t happen  
The EU's treatment of the UK in Brexit negotiations has been an eye-opener for the rest of the world and an insight into how ghastly, bullying and corrupt the EU organisation is. Many do not understand that the EU is NOT a country but a trading bloc which runs countries. 
But after the so-called second referendum, we must never, ever, ever have another referendum. In a representative democracy, we pay politicians to make big decisions on our behalf, because the general public aren’t informed enough to make those decisions. 
Imagine how much more a forward-looking, progressive, internationalist Scotland could do with full independence & control of our own resources & destiny, rather than being part of regressive, insular Brexit Britain. #indyref2 
Gove: second referendum would be ‘damaging to democracy’.How can more democracy be damaging to democracy? If the people have changed their minds, and decide to reject the previous democratic vote, it would show that our democracy is properly functioning. 
Whether it's three baskets or managed divergence, the 50 shades of Brexit all share the common traits of being unrealistic.  Like the sonic screwdriver, they're a fictitious device.  We still don't know what we voted; we need the #FinalSay 
Just as the EU is focused on preserving the single market,all Britons have a duty to preserve the integrity of the United Kingdom,while respecting the result of a democratic vote.Anything else is frankly fifth column?#RoadToBrexit#Brexit  
UK's youngest Brexit voter has died aged seventy three 
UK will allow imperial pint bottles of Champagne post-Brexit, in an attempt to disguise that 568ml is now the price that 750ml was before 23rd June 2016. 
Brexiteers won #Brexit referendum saying UK needs to control its borders.Now they’re insisting that the EU should accept, in Ireland, a giant open hole in its own border - through which 3rd countries could sneak goods in tariff-free.Why would any political entity agree to that? 
Don’t assume Brexit attitudes will die out, writes Emma Duncan (image by @BrookesTimes)  
I resigned as a Labour member because of #Corbyn and will now vote LibDem because of #Brexit. Charlie Mullins leaves the Tories and switches to the #Libdems because of Brexit. Over 16,000.000 voted to remain, that’s a lot of votes for pro-Remain parties! 
There's just over 6 months of negotiating time to go. She proposed no viable long term post-Brexit relationship & no way to keep the border open in Ireland. 
That @theresa_may speech in full:'Let me be clear blah blah bullshit bullshit blah blah. Blah bullshit blah blah bullshit bullshit blah blah. Blah blah bullshit blah #Brexit bullshit blah bullshit blah blah. Blah blah bullshit blah blah bullshit bullshit etc.'#ChangeIsComing pic.twitter.com/PVf1GNyDO4 
Apparently this is Tesco in Neath, Wales after the snow.  Practice run for life after Brexit #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Dateline presenter Carrie Gracie's face when author Diane Wei-Liang said: "Theresa May is a typical middle manager who has no vision, who doesn't know where this thing [Brexit] is going" was priceless. Reminiscent of @RebeccaFront character 
Oh my goodness?!  @BBCNews is saying that both Leave and Remain @Conservatives are satisfied with #TheresaMaySpeech.Hello?!  Has the country been hijacked?! How is #Brexit not a cross-party issue?! #StopBrexit#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
How Boris Johnson blew his chance of becoming prime minister in a three-step process:Step 1 was his decision to be the face of Brexit Step 2 was bottling it pulling out of the Conservative leadership race in June 2016Step 3 was buffoonery 
Ken Clarke talking common sense before the referendum but still very relevant today - How does our ability to perform in the wider world get improved by pulling out of our biggest single market? We're miles behind the Germans when it comes to exports to China.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Here’s the thing. Champagne can only be made in France. So if we are to have pint bottles of Champagne, what matters is whether FRANCE wants to make them, not the UK. A perfect metaphor for Brexit.  
“There will be no support for Tory Brexit if it doesn’t address Labour’s six conditions” : @JennieUnite at #NewEconomics The Tories are in complete disarray on Brexit - Labour under @jeremycorbyn are ready to take over #ForTheMany 
Michael Gove claims Britain will go green after #Brexit, when it’s his own government that’s been undermining EU environment policy for years. @CarolineLucas#GPconf 
.@JeremyCorbyn's #Brexit plan hasn't gone down well in Labour's heartlandsShoppers in Barnsley market in South Yorkshire are feeling betrayed by his conversion to “a #CustomsUnion” with the EU after Brexit.#BrexitBetrayal#TheCorbynCon#LabourFail 
A plea to @UKLabour from @jon_bartley @TheGreenParty conference - stand with us in demanding a #peoplespoll on the #Brexit deal with the option of remaining in EU #gpconf 
.@CarolineLucas and @jon_bartley telling #GPConf that we are campaigning for a people’s poll on the terms of Brexit with an option to remain #euref 
But my fave bit was when @Jacob_Rees_Mogg talked post-Brexit tariffs on footwear. He told  @tnewtondunn: "I'm not entirely clear what [Nike] Air trainers are, but they're very popular".Listen here:The Week in Westminster - 03/03/2018 - @bbcradio4 
"The Green Party is proud to be campaigning for a People’s Poll on the final Brexit deal. A vote that explicitly includes an option to remain part of the European Union." #GPconf 
@CarolineLucas ‘We win when we stand up for what we believe in’‘Let’s recall that the European Union began as a peace project’‘Sacrificing the Good Friday Agreement on the altar of Brexit is criminal and must not be allowed to happen!’#gpconf 
There is money for Brexit. There is money for Trident. There is money for the DUP. There is money for Royal Yacht and Buckingham Palace. So don’t let any politician kid you, There *is* money for our NHS. 
“All changes to the protocol must be agreed upon by stake-weighted referendum; 50% of stake will always command the network” first #PolkadotNetwork Governance draft by @gavofyork  @web3foundation @ParityTech 
Only 5 days of widely announced snow disrupted distribution  supermarkets to the level below.If we lost our EU connected sourcing and distribution networks after Brexit in April 2019, how long would shelves remain empty for?REMINDER: UK only produces 60% of the food needed pic.twitter.com/IeHgtJJP48 
The man who brokered the Good Friday Agreement just issued a disturbing warning about Brexit  
Michel Barnier warns that Brexit transition remains at risk until talks end  
Yesterday @theresa_May #RoadToBrexit speech set out what she wants, but, again, without any sense of how to get there. Great irony is that an #EEA #EFTA based Brexit would deliver all PM talked abt wanting, and moreMaximum market access, plus ability to make trade deals & no ECJ  
Interesting to hear the anger has definitely changed sides on the Brexit debate on @BBCAnyQuestions. Get used to it Brexiteers ! As people realise that your blinkered and nostalgic ideology is wrecking a great country, this is only going to get louder and louder ..... #bbcaq 
John Redwood:The whole point about having cake is to eat it!If we do good deal both sides can have cake AND eat it.If a deal means too little cake for one side then no point in the deal.No Deal will let us eat MORE cake than a bad deal.#Brexit #EU 
Humiliated: Overwhelming Majority Back Hard Brexit in Loaded Tony Blair Poll  
Editor of @spikedonline Brendan O'Neill on Brexit and the Irish border#bbcaq 
But how can any referendum be anti democratic? It’s literally the most democratic thing you can do. If people want Brexit that’ll be reflected. It’s the weakest argument I can imagine.  
“I’ve worked for decades to find solutions for Northern Ireland...”  Jeffrey Donaldson.Says the man who left the UUP for the DUP, to prevent the implementation of the only solution that has had any success in NI.#SaturdayLive #brexit 
UK, YouGov poll:Was Britain right or wrong to vote to leave the EU?Right: 44% (+2)Wrong: 45% (-)Fieldwork: 26/02/18-27/02/18Sample size: N/A#Brexit 
I am convinced that the DUP supported #brexit PRECISELY because of the prospect of a hard border.  It wanted to seal off Northern Ireland from the Republic, and its influence, for once and for all.  Their actions prove it imho.#SaturdayLive 
All in all a good week 4 the @Conservatives JC forced 2 play his hand on #Brexit which has betrayed the Labour heartlands & left him stranded. An increase in the polls. 2 successful by-elections & a fantastic speech by TM on the #RoadtoBrexit #TeamTory #FitForTheFuture #ImWithMay 
The British voted for Brexit, not the Irish. Ireland was never British or part of the British mainland. Putting up borders in other peoples Nations always causes conflict. This is a British manufactured problem, not an Irish one.  
A new Brexit meme is emerging. Ardent Remainers infuriated that hard Brexiteers are not up in arms at compromises May is making as process evolves 
Wow. The Brexists are shitting themselves over the prospect of a #FinalSay referendum.  
He doesn't have an 'anti brexit stance', he has a 'would you mind telling me what your plans are for the border with my country' stance. That angers brexiteers because they have no answer, at least not one based in reality. 
What about Project Fear? Siemens announce new £200MILLION train factory in Brexit Victory  
Corbyn to brexit voters!  
He doesn't and shouldn't care. Brexit is bad for Ireland and UKs mess to clean up. Every political party in Republic of Ireland will back him on it. 
What's my #LibDemsat30 memory? ... Well it might just be leading more than 3,000 members at the last anti-Brexit march in London last September. Great bunch of people! #ExitFromBrexit 
I won a case to get a reference to CJEU on citizenship rights; forced Electoral Commission to re-investigate Vote Leave; have open litigation to compel production of the Brexit Studies and find out whether we can unilaterally revoke A50. What did you do in the Great War, troll? 
I'm not kidding about this. A guy named Christopher Chandler made a fortune after the collapse of the Soviet Union, swooped in and made major bank, was a big investor in Russian gas giant Gazprom.He founded the Legatum Institute, which is one of the major players in Brexit. 
My cartoon Saturday @TheTimes. Nature Notes: Walk like a penguin when on thin ice (and on a slippery slope) #TheresaMaySpeech #Brexit  
Now the Govt has told us the Brexit deal will be inferior to what we have now, now that we know 'no deal' would be economically devastating, we must know the vote in Parliament includes an option to Remain.95,729 have signed, add your name here https://t.co/qRRxPK6I7O?amp=1 
Jeremy Corbyn attacks the Conservative Party for pursuing an insufficiently economically damaging Brexit.  
The EU is petrified of a successful post-Brexit Britain  
Peter Brookes on Theresa May’s Brexit position - Political Cartoon Gallery in Putney  
Whatever you think of UK and EU respective Brexit positions, strongly recommend looking at headlines and analysis in non-UK press as a useful metric 
Brexit was a scam to crash the UK's GDP so that the extremely wealthy can buy up the country's assets on the cheap, pass it on. 
Shurrup #SkyNews ye daft gits.. You were wrong about #Trump.. you were wrong about #Brexit and you will be wrong about #ItalyElection2018   people are waking up and your 20th century news reporting and normalising is OVER we are the media now kid.. #Bluehand 
Matteo Salvini:'I will seek to change EU treaties & regulations as laws imposed by Brussels damage Italian artisans, traders, pensioners''I am paying [EU] you, so least you can do is to not damage my citizens or I’ll just stop funding you!'#Brexit #EU 
If its "Mini Referendum" as claimed by #PMLN. Out of 52 seats, #PMLN has got only 13 seats i-e 25%. 
May’s ‘tortured and convoluted answer to the question of what Brexit should look like implicitly posed the question of why such a costly and self-defeating task is worth doing at all.’#MADBrexit #ExitFromBrexit #FinalSay 
If there was one thing that #TheresaMay clearly illustrated  in her speech yesterday, it was that leaving the #EU is very stupid.#StopBrexit #FBPE #Remain #Brexit  
EU will refuse to negotiate sensibly in the hope that if we come to the crunch with no deal,enough #REMOANER MPs will vote to stop #Brexit#REMOANERS are empowering EU to give us the worst possible deal.The EU proposal  to annexe N Ireland from the UK is a clear example of this 
@Rachael_Swindon @UKDemockery While the God Bothering, over promoted middle manager mediocrity bleats about Brexit peace in our time, let us not forget the ONE thing she's good at - killing millions by selling arms to the Saudis  
It's clear that having a good Brexit is an impossible dream. Having a no deal Brexit would be self-harm to the country and a vicious attack on people too young to vote. So the only good decision is to stop Brexit. We can't let a government with no mandate drive this through 
Don’t cry for Theresa May. This Brexit crisis is her fault   
'I can see Orwell’s depiction now of that tribe of ‘progressives’ making their dreary way, drawn to Brussels like bluebottles to a dead cat.' Read Robert Colls on Orwell, nationalism and Brexit in this month's spiked review  
That Brexit algorithm in full...  
Matteo Salvini:'What's unacceptable is media campaign of criminalisation of UK vote & #EU blackmail tactics.Juncker was only PM of Luxembourg Micro-Nation at peak of his political career.PM May represents millions &millions of British voters'#Brexit 
Laughable how Brexiters are now revising history and pretending they always knew Brexit would be difficult and leave us poorer.Brexiters once promised it would be simple and would take us to the sunny uplands, where we’d all have a unicorn and get to have our cake and eat it.  
Yous having a nice Brexit? What you got planned for today, Brexit wise? 
Council leaders across UK believe Brexit will hurt local economies  
commemorative #Brexit stamps...1st class #Tory prat (#Borisjohnson)2nd class country thanks to #Brexit (#Queenshat)Stick them anywhere!#Stopbrexit 
Although I am a liberal elite, I am not very clever, much of what I hear about the EU goes in one ear and out of the other. What sticks though is that staying in the EU is better than leaving it because Brexit will not improve my life, it will make it worse. No fucking Brexit. 
A tiny mob of extremists, supported by a bunch of far-right and hard-right idiots think they have won. Just because @theresa_may is so weak she has given into bullying by this mob of rich xenophobes doesn't mean we should. The Brexit being pushed is a nonsense & May is finished 
A great many Remainers voted tactically for Labour while holding their noses - I was one. But some Labour Remainers are unwilling to do the same for the LibDems. We have a few months to stop #Brexit. More nose-holding needed!#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Wee bit of Scottish brexit maths for yeScotland is 70% controlled by Westminster, 15% by EU membership legislation, 15% at home without any powers of value.England wants to leave the EU because of the same 15% controls but has 85% of control.Scotland I repeat has ONLY 15%. 
This has been a truly epic week for #Brexit news and so there’s a suitably epic Brexitcast. (Next week is looking pretty epic too BTW)  
SIEMENS has announced plans to build a new £200million train factory in East Yorkshire. The decision marks a major shift from the company following 2016’s referendum.   
We now have an answer: Brexit means imperial pint bottles of champers (British fizz, shurely)?I do empathise with writers of satirical fiction these days, and fear for their career prospects in the future.  
The hardest fact of all for her to admit is that Brexit is a disastrous course for Britain and the British people and it will be her legacy. She would earn more respect if she admitted that and resigned. 
Instead of giving an endless platform to Brextremists, a better article would be BBC News - Not the time to accept May's incoherent drivel.  Everyone but a tiny elite will lose from Brexit - so fight it to the end 
The Tory Brexit position: A new kind of customs union with a bespoke trade deal offering frictionless borders, trade autonomy, and single market benefits to services and manufacturing without accepting freedom of movement.The Labour Brexit position:EXACTLY THE SAME !!!#FBPE 
#TheresaMay now says #Brexit will reduce UK access to #SingleMarketLast year we were told we'd get "exactly the same benefits as now" from the single market#BrexitReality looks very different from the Brexit promises.... 
So angry and disappointed. As a member of the Cambridge tech community, we’ve already had brilliant individuals move back to the EU due to Brexit. And now this?! FFS!  
As I begin campaigning for #le2018 I am amazed at how many people I am meeting in real life who are happy to say that they voted #Brexit but now have changed their mindThe biggest challenge is being clear it is not too late, we can #stopbrexit#remainernow is a source of pride 
I voted Remain but like Corbyn and Labour respect democracy.It's now absolutely clear only Labour can be trusted not to deliver a hard Brexit. Time for the entire Party to get behind the position and defeat the govt#RoadtoBrexit 
Theresa May's Brexit plans have been dismissed as unrealistic by the EU. Her proposals on customs checks and the Irish border a ‘fantasy'... less than 400 days to go...  #BrexitShambles #StopBrexit 
The thing that bugs me most about Theresa May’s speech yesterday is not that it was the same old vacuous rubbish, but that if we weren’t stuck in this Brexit quagmire our PM could have made a big speech on climate change or Syria. Yep future generations will hate us #RoadtoBrexit 
An Italian tax accountant told my friend, ‘If we had a referendum tomorrow, Italy would vote out. Our economy is being slaughtered by the Germans.’  
Thanks. Brexit keeps me very busy using my 19 years MEP experience to take on hard Brexiteers who are determined to drive through their ideological agenda against truth, and UKs future prosperity, global position and security even if it crashes negotiations & risks Irish peace.  
The Westminster Government’s Brexit plans strip us of our European Citizenship and our European identity.Westminster wants to take away who we are, how we define ourselves.Join us in telling them that #IAmEuropean 
“Exit from Brexit” is the chant as @MollyMEP joins @dorsetforeurope at anti-Brexit demo outside @TheGreenParty conference in Bournemouth @BBCRadioSolent @BBCNews 
The BBC’s Brexit nonsense in a nutshell: “and now we go to one of the major Brexit players, Jacob Rees Mogg”.  How is he a major player? He holds no executive position. He isn’t responsible for delivering anything. He is not accountable in anyway for the BS he spouts. 
It will be the biggest demonstration against Brexit in Scotland yet. 
Before and after Brexit speech.  
It is a pleasure to share with you this morning a view of the lake where I write music, think & contemplate lyrics.  It is the kind of place that the people behind brexit care little for, the places for the soul, because they don't have one, no soul, no empathy.  This is for us.  
Regular reminder that it was the UK government's decision to impose the metric system and that the right to use the (ridiculous) Imperial measurements is specifically protected by EU law #Brexit #bullshit 
The one result of #Brexit that Remainers are hiding from you is that Britain will become a European economic power-house with the financial sector that produces nothing diminishing and proper economy developing. Germany does not want that. #fact 
Some Tory voters will accept Jeremy Corbyn becoming prime minister if Brexit can be stopped, says Lord Heseltine  
On Wednesday 7 March, the UK Parliament will debate the loss of YOUR rights as European citizens because of #Brexit.Join the campaign #IAmEuropean through the petition, social media and protest outside the UK Parliament! 
There has been a series of "Road to Brexit" speeches in recent days. Hands up those who can remember who gave a speech and what he or she said? 
Anyone who finds themselves on the same side of any issue as Blair and Campbell should be seriously questioning their ethics. #Remainers #Brexit 
“The politicians should stop using Brexit as a tool for their own political gain, but for a reason to gain respect and popularity from their own people”  
Now that we know we will all be worse off there is nothing to lose and much to be gained by voting for Scottish independence. Theresa May admits Brexit may not be that successful after all  
Wonder whether I’ve been a bit hasty about supporting Brexit? Single currency, single market, defence union. Surely time for a single language. Anyone for English? Quelqu'un pour l'anglais? 
In its simplest form, Brexit is being executed by a bunch of well-connected rich people who will benefit obscenely, at the expense of the very people they have hoodwinked into supporting their endeavour through fear-mongering + lies. Hard-brexit = austerity in perpetuity. 
Via @georgebernhard#FBPEMay's Brexit position in a nutshell  
Mundell has been accused of purposely creating a constitutional crisis to stymie Brexit. 
Italian newspapers today lament the loss of UK’s payments to the EU. ‘How will we survive without their millions?’ Pity no one thought that before #Brexit 
Aston Martin announced its new factory in St Athan’s before the referendum but has since confirmed it and announced deals with Japan and China to underpin the expansion. That second factory will make a new model. 
Maybe you're right. Maybe we do just need to get behind Brexit, be optimistic, and have faith that our tactics are right, and the opposition will just crumble.This is the positive approach that helped the English football team win so many world cups.  
Yes, immigration clearly was blamed and is a key reason for Brexit. No, it was not necessary to cast immigration in the way it is cast here to make that point. Plus: it's freedom of movement.  
I grew up in the 60s and 70s under both Lab & Tory Gov pre EU. I remember the referendum to join. The state of us before bumping along the bottom.Nationalised industries that were actually a standing joke they were so terrible.Our supermarkets were basic. It wasn’t a golden era 
£200 million train factory will be built in East Yorkshire - despite a threat to quit Britain if we voted for Brexit , 
Brexit is simply about regaining the freedom to determine our own destiny  via @BrexitCentral 
Anyone who's been watching these individuals and institutions carefully knows that this thread lifts the lid on what Brexit is all about.  And we should be under no illusion, these people have been working on this for years.  
After Theresa May's Brexit speech, Jacob Rees-Mogg has said everyone should recognise we will have to give up something for a deal. What would you be willing to give up?  
On way to Holyhead for Anti-Brexit meetings tomorrow with excellent Labour MP for Anglesey @AlbertOwenMP, then to Llandudno for dinner of European Movement & Welsh Lib Dems to speak on Gladstone, Lloyd George & Europe. So far so good on trains! 
Brexit draft text and May's speech, now what next? via @RTENewsNow  
Heseltine said in interview when May was appointed Leader that he had advised her to put the Brexiters in charge of delivering Brexit because that was the only way they would learn they couldn’t get what they wanted.I’m reminded of that today.. 
This is my red lineIt's hex value is #ff0000 It's RGB value is 255,0,0There are many others like itBut this one is mineMy red line is No BrexitMy red line is straightMy red line is trueI will not cross itI will not tone it downNo Brexit is my Red LineI will not cross 
‘@thecarolemalone slams Corbyn’s Brexit u-turn! “Here was the neo-Marxist, the lifelong anti-capitalist suddenly getting into bed with the CBI – the bosses’ organisation”  
We must stop Rees-Mogg and Legatum's plan for ultra-libertarian brexit. But we have very little time left: 6 m before crashing out with no withdrawal agreement.  13 m to withdraw Article 50 notification.  28 m before crashing out with no trade deal.Tick tock. 
There is no hard Brexit, no soft Brexit, no divergent Brexit, no aligned Brexit. All propagandaThe UK leaves the EU or it does not. The UK takes back 100% control of its affairs or it does notThe UK government respects democracy and the result of the referendum or it does not  
The prime minister apparently wants all the plus points of a soft Brexit, but she wants all this outside the customs union and single market.  
Brexit is built on lies and false promises peddled by a rich elite who, unlike most people in the UK, will never have to count the cost. Here’s some more misinformation from a part-time politician.  
A simple and straightforward explanation of the Brexit power grab and why we must protect our Parliament.  
David Davis said that if a democracy can't change its mind it ceases to be a democracy. He was right. There are Leavers who want to rob us of our democratic right to oppose #Brexit.In that regard they are the enemies of democracy! #StopBrexit #FBPE 
What the hell has happened to @heraldscotland? Is it really being edited by amateurs? A 'soft Brexit' means single market and customs union. Neither is on offer. Words matter - especially in headlines, you idiots.  
1. What's tragic is the complicity of Labour playing with the Govt like a cat with a mouse when they shld be in outright OPPOSITION. Neither Leader's promised a BETTER DEAL. Most MPs know #Brexit's a crock of ordure.Both deny the right to a #FinalSay with a #Remain option.#ABTV 
Czech EU minister says EU27 leaders had hoped May would have not entirely ruled out a Customs Union, as it could have resolved many of the technical impasses of Brexit - the very option Labour is now offering, which Tories tell us the EU would never accept. Interesting. #r4today 
Summary:1. Jeremy didn't sell his soul to anyone.2. No-one needed to pay him to support terrorist groups, and take the side of totalitarian dictatorships against Britain - or, more recently, to keep changing his Brexit position for purely tactical reasons.3. That's all, folks!  
So much happens so quickly in the Brexit debate - it's hard to keep up with!To showcase this fast moving debate, we'll be producing a fortnightly video summing up the real impact that you & our grassroots campaign is having on the national debate.  
Dirty deeds at the Scottish crossroads. It seems Sturgeon knows her unnecessary, contradictory bill on returned EU powers is nothing less than a trial-run for one on a 2nd Indy referendum (an idea most Scots heartily sick of).   
How many ex Prime Ministers warning against it will stop this act of national self-harm? Theresa May says Brexit will reduce UK access to single market  
No kind of Brexit is better than Remain#FBPE 
The reality of Maybot's speech; The bank bail-out gave the Tories the perfect cover for rolling out austerity and demolishing the public sector. Ten years later, they need a new justification to continue demolishing the public sector i.e 'Hard-Brexit'. We are being conned again. 
I have decided that any Remainer that starts a ruck with me I will just block immediately....sick of their abuse....to everyone else....HAPPY BREXIT   
The five tests that Theresa May says the Brexit deal has to meet, in order-1. Rupert Murdoch agrees2. Paul Dacre agrees3. DUP agrees4. Boris Johnson agrees5. Jacob Rees-Mogg agrees 
Very hands-on description of #Brexit process. Have a look!  
Personally, I thought the Referendum was reducio ad absurdum. For example I know nothing about Euro Atom yet I was, de facto, asked to vote on it. I do know a little about avaition. Here’s what the Head of the British CAA said recently. #StopBrexit 
Sorry, but I didn't see in Theresa May's speech how her unicorn powered 'no hard border system' for NI would stop EU migrants flying into Dublin, driving up to Belfast and then crossing to the UK.  Did I miss that among all the waffle? "Theresa May. This Brexit" #FinalSay 
Last year David Davis promised a #Brexit trade and customs deal with the "exact same" benefits as now.Yesterday Theresa May finally admitted this would not be possible.Quite an admission, but May also pledged that the mass lemming jump is still on for next March. No going back. 
There is only one incontrovertible fact about Brexit and that is 'the country is deeply divided', and that's, in no small way, down to politicians on both extremes that have brought this upon us.   
Excellent insight into the damage Brexit is doing to British- Irish relations. Queen’s 2011 visit seems a very long time ago.   
In less then a year, we won’t have the EU protecting the British Steel industry from higher tariffs. We’d have either May or Corbyn ...Oh well, I’m sure we could turn the abandoned Steel mills into a tourist attraction.#WeAreSoScrewed #Brexit  
Will Brexit actually happen? This is how the referendum result could be reversed  
Still cannot believe Brexit is happening The equivalent of sawing off the branch on which one sits with a Union Jack draped over ones shoulders 
The “West” gave gone through the WORST lately - From #Brexit, Trump to that Juvenile French President marrying his grandmother and we have let them be! But they want to have a say in what happens to China, Africa and everywhere else. What’s wrong with these people? 
Sun article below has been so comprehensively debunked as at best rubbish, at worse lies that the Sun has removed it from its website. @Jacob_Rees_Mogg however refuses to delete it. If you want to know why #brexit happening -it’s simple -because politicians like Jacob spread lies  
“I’m not eligible to vote in this year’s referendum on the 8th Amendment. But that doesn’t mean I don’t care, and it doesn’t mean that there aren’t ways for me to get involved.” - our @caitlin_dj about her work on #Repealthe8th 
"There is little appetite to renegotiate the rules of the single market to satisfy a compromise crafted to placate a divided Conservative party.”- Guy Verhofstadt, European Parliament #Brexit spokesman. 
As a middle class professional with 2 degrees I really hope that I never end up being as snobbish and condescending towards others with differing views on Brexit. Christ Almighty never go full Twatto English.  
Theresa May's Brexit vision dismissed as unrealistic in Brussels  
So we are less attractive on our own and can only be more successful if we give things up. And that is precisely what the Libertarian Brexit elite wants. Keen to get trade deals by dropping tariffs unilaterally and by dropping standards. 11/17 
Leave Campaign 2016We'll get great trade deal, pay nothing, take control, no ECJ, gazillions for NHS. Cake and eat it BrexitTheresa May 2018Sh*te trade deal, pay loads, no control, still have ECJ, no NHS money. Humble Pie Brexit#RoadtoBrexit more like #RoadtoNowhere #FBPE 
Great night in Cookstown with @Buchanan_dup - cake was lovely. Lots of Qs about: - budgets for schools- roads- broadband - reforms to help doctors & nurses- a working Executive- a sensible BrexitWithout devolution, we are focused on getting key decisions made in London.  
@Jacob_Rees_Mogg takes economic advice from The Sun but says that the country's Treasury are fiddling figures on the impact of Brexit. That says all that needs to be said about him and rest of the disaster capitalist vultures of the ERG. 
The simple facts are that if Brexit made sense:There would be absolute clarity on what the benefits are.An overwhelming majority of Brits would support it.We would know how to achieve it and overcome hurdles like Ireland.None of the above applies. 
The grimacing, the nervous laughs, the unanswered questions from journalists. May knows that Brexit is a huge mistake.  
We've reached a stage as a culture where you could basically just make up any old shit, say Britain used to have it in the past, then get free advertising in every news outlet for bringing it back 'after Brexit'. Lads, I'm bringing back, er... otter meat  
£2,000 million a week we could spend on  public services and help those less well off. Brexit is Barmy.#FBPE #ExitFromBrexit 
The most compelling evidence that Brexit reality is beginning to bite even the most entrenched xenophobes & fantasists is Paul Dacre putting prostate cancer research news on the front page of today’s Daily Mail. 
Humphreys lets Jeremy Hunt repeat lies (no one said brexit wd be easy!), with nary an interruption for the whole segment. A whole different approach to Caroline Lucas!Take a bloody look at yourself, #r4today 
The impact of Theresa May's speech will last no more than a few days, and will be overtaken by events, in my opinion. This does not take us very much forward. It merely points out that things are going to be worse after BREXIT. The answer is simply to STOP BREXIT.  
So Brexit means leaving all the benefits of full EU membership (for which we pay a comparatively small contribution), for membership of some EU agencies at a cost to us without the benefits & influence that we currently enjoy. So we're worse off. #FINALSAY 
Theresa May's team has "hugely exaggerated" Britain's post-Brexit trade prospects, Peter Mandelson says  
Is it any coincidence that Rees-Mogg met with Steven Bannon a few weeks ago and now Brandon Lewis is activating a #ToryTroll army? We have waved goodbye to any pretence of democracy. #ToryTrollFarm#Brexit#StopBrexit#StopBrexitSaveBritain#StopBrexitSaveDemocracy 
Michelle, your contribution was "Brexit is really complicated & I don't understand why" & "can't we just get on with it"Sorry but you said nothing that helped the debate whatsoeverYou don't understand Brexit & don't want to. That's fine, but then don't appear as a commentator 
Only the Tories voted against it so proving yet again they are not representing Scotland's interests but supporting Westminster's efforts to impose Brexit on Scotland contrary to the will of the Scottish people.  When will Scotland learn?  
I have finally discovered what the new EU mantra 'The Integrity of the Single Market' actually means.'Rules is rules is rules, mate! And we won't change them for anybody. Not even if it hurts us badly.More than my job's worth'Viva Brexit!  
“A partnership of equals” the UK said. More like an abusive relationship  #brexitshambles #brexit #scotref UK government to fight Scottish bid for Brexit emergency powers  
Let's get on with what?A vague cherry-picking plan that can't possibly be agreed by the EU.A fantasy NI border? An economy that, according to your own Brexit department, will crash under every possible scenario?Removing our rights to free movement?  
BREXITGerman manufacturing giant, Siemens, has announced plans for a £200 million train factory in Goole, East Yorkshire, despite dire Brexit warnings that they would quit Britain. This comes just days after Airbus made a similar backtrack on their Project Fear warnings.  
I so wish I was watching Brexit news from the sidelines, knowing I was in a seperate independent country and the whole stramash had nowt to do with us...sadly, this is far from the case.... 
In the lengthy @MichelleDewbs thread I got entangled in yesterday after questioning her credibility as a talking head on Brexit this response absolutely shone through - "no facts needed"  
Could Brexit make Britain beautiful? Surely not, you cry! And yet, leaving the EU might just be a once-in-a-century chance to restore our countryside and rescue its wildlife, writes Martin Wright  
Britain would face an unprecedented food shortage with no Brexit deal, supermarket CEO says  
According to the Tories, a 5% defeat was "neck and neck"whereas 52%- 48% Brexit vote was an "overwhelming victory"!  
BREXITUK Government doesn't want to commit to a "Singapore-style race to the bottom". Singapore is actually a rather well-run economy & is almost a third richer than we are. Rather than insulting Singapore, perhaps we could look to see what economic lessons we can learn from it.  
Theresa May is "the diner determined to go à la carte, only to order dishes that were available on the fixed-price menu for half the cost." #brexit  
1. Brexiteers pin all their hopes for post-Brexit largesse on striking new, wonderful trade deals.2. Donald Trump starts a trade war and its ripples will reach across international trade and may spell the beginning of the end for the WTO as we know it. 
More than that, as Theresa May is finally starting to be straight about what Brexit means, Labour should say now, so that the Government understands, that it will honour Keir's categorical assurance and vote against Theresa May's deal. 
Yesterday #SODEMaction were joined by a group of construction engineers from Texas, USA. They think the UK are crazy to even consider #Brexit! #snowmaggedon 
Sir Michael Caine speaks to @VictoriaPeckham on Weinstein, Brexit and Corbyn  
City, business groups & Michel Barnier welcome PM’s Brexit speech - time to get down to the diplomatic brass tacks.  
Desperately scrabbling to make the best of a bad Brexit job is still a bad job. Discussing May’s “negotiating” on @BBCBreakfast in a mo with grumpy @toryboypierce 
In last few minutes we have heard J R Mogg quoted now we have heard from another Brexit extremist John Redwood @BBCr4today Is this balance? 
We have to give up our trade with the EU just as *this* is happening. The last US president to conduct trade wars triggered the world-wide Great Depression. Brexit is very, very bad timing for us. 
May’s speech finally acknowledged that Brexit is not in UK national interest. It is now her absolute duty to recommend that we #StopBrexit 
Brexit is like a divorce where the abusive parent gets custody of the kids. 
And the point is, when we don't need to be doing this, and shouldn't be doing it, at all...?  "BBC News - 'Hard facts' for both sides in Brexit talks - Theresa May  
It’s Saturday.And in an interview with German newspaper ‘Die Welt’ May categorically rules out ‘second referendum’.That means either that there definitely will be one. Or she’s saying that 23 June 2016 never happened.#StopBrexitSaveBritain#NoConfidence 
Absolute Hero @johnmcdonnellMP the People’s Chancellor.. Front Page of the FT..Even the CBI representing 200,000 businesses back Labour against the Tories over Brexit  
Some Tory voters will accept Corbyn as PM if Brexit can be stopped, says Lord Heseltine  
When the #Brexit referendum was announced, £1 bought 1.43€. As of March 2, 2018 at 07:50AM, £1 buys 1.12€. 
Jeremy Corbyn has planted Labour’s flag firmly on so-called ‘soft Brexit’ terrain. It’s a cynical move that could backfire horribly, says @MarkIsherwoodAM 
.@theresa_may ‘s 5 points that an EU Agreement must achieve:Respect referendum result Be an enduring agreementProtect jobs & securityDeliver outcome consistent with kind of country we want to beStrengthen our Union of nations 
Who do I blame? Eight reasons we ended up in this Brexit mess | Ian Jack  
Brexit is not about whether we become Singapore or Venezuela. It's about the freedom to become either, says @chrisbullivant 
New report finds Brexit could lead to a vet shortage, more animal testing and a race to the bottom on farmed animal welfare  
BETRAYAL of his heartland: .@JeremyCorbyn's U-turn on the EU has made the alienated @UKLabour voters in the North who swung it for #Brexit even angrier than before 
Couldn't sleep so caught BBC World Service on Frankfurt, competing with Paris & Dublin to pick over the carcass of London for its lucrative financial services. I love London. It didn't vote for Brexit. It breaks my heart that so many Brits are passively accepting downfall of UK. 
Airbus says Brexit still unclear as it faces extra costs  
If May had any personal integrity left she would have said 'We have done our best to fulfill the results of the referendum, however any course of action we take will be damaging to the UK. Therefore we will stop #Brexit 
What 'tough choices,' you duplicitous woman, @theresa_may? Wasn't Brexit supposed to be 'the easiest deal in history?' 'They need us more than we need them?' 'the Brexit dividend?' - What happened to all of that, you screaming idiots of a government?  
The UK's prime minister has laid out a series of compromises intended to secure an 'ambitious' trade deal with the EU after Brexit. But it's already running into trouble  
I am so glad that we have the EU looking out for our interests and are firing a warning shot across Trump's and the Republicans' bows. ...oh Bollocks...I forgot about Brexit for a second. We're toast unless we can #StopBrexit We need a #FinalSayForAll 
Sebastian Payne: 'Nothing Mrs May said on Friday has changed the fundamental fact that the UK is heading for a hard Brexit with a soft landing'  
The Forces of No—who don't want BC voters to enjoy the fruits of a better voting system—now wish to open the referendum to corporate and other big-money donations? Reject their insidious plans to preserve elite power and instead embrace Proportional Representation! #bcpoli #pr4bc 
Save this tweet somewhere for the next time some deluded #Quitling tries to persuade you that Economists for Brexit (Patrick Minford @Econs4FreeTrade) has any credibility... it shows they cant even do basic maths (or pay any attention to facts). 
ICYMI (In case you missed it . . .) JACOB REES MOGG & the KREMLIN/RUSSIAN CONNECTION#Brexit-ers should be aware of this!Please re-tweet@thetommoriarty @GuitarMoog @JeanneBartram @JamesMelville @mrjamesob @jamesmb 
Damn right we won't if they deny us a #FinalSayForAll...we will deny them our votes until they change or or ever if this #Brexit is allowed to happen...#StopBrexit 
Now @guyverhofstadt issues scathing response to Theresa May's Brexit speech: 'We need more than vague aspirations'.May still has no workable plan. The Brexiters just have lies and deceit.The best option is to #StopBrexit. 
And this is utterly undemocratic because people didn’t vote for a small number of right wing conservatives to deliver a hard Brexit and cut the UK off from its biggest trading partner. They just didn’t. 
Sir John Major KG CH Brexit 'Man Of The Match'"It is already agreed that Parliament must pass legislation giving effect to the deal. This must be Parliament can accept or reject the final outcome; or send the negotiators back to seek improvements; or order a Referendum"   
Absolutely, apart from the nauseating ‘Brexit means Brexit’ and ‘will of the people’ mantras, is there actually any genuine, logical consensus on the Brexit project, starting with:What?When?Who?How?Oh, and most importantly: Why?  
May admits neither side can have 'exactly what we want' in #Brexit  
Brian Wilson once went to the Court of Session to stop Political Broadcasts for YES for the 1979 ReferendumNow the sad old closet Satanist writes for the Scotsman 
Thanks I have read and I see Brexit being fought out in Ireland but neither Labour or the Tories could care less. Tories manipulated by a right wing media Labour by a hard left Socilaist agenda that I have no time for either of them. They make me sick.  
How, on God's earth, does this tinpot,  contrived, social media orientated, partisan poll carry more weight than an official national referendum?When did vested self interest outrank democracy in our country? 
This person is underestimating the imact of Brexit but still when fools right off an economic loss of 2% as meaningless remember that Greece’s economy shrunk just 4.4% a year to end up where they did.  
Brexit can be stopped, if the opinion polls change because enough Leave voters change their minds.We need to make it easy for them to say they now support Remain.Which makes me wish some Remain Ultras would stop being rude to them 
I want to see the liars, con-artists and charlatans who have tried to foist #Brexit on us locked up and the keys thrown away. 
The #Brexit Blizzard: Such a pleasure to be on #Newsnight with a woman who I respect and admire. @maitlis 
Italy's election is a worrying harbinger for the European Union. And Steve Bannon is delighted. ”The Italian people have gone farther, in a shorter period of time, than the British did for Brexit and the Americans did for Trump,” he tells me in Rome.  
A few of you have asked why I'm not standing waist-deep in snow... or debating Brexit on the Irish border... or both. Short answer: I'm on leave! 
What was clear from May’s speech today is that Fishing resources will be “shared with EU partners after Brexit”. There was a clear statement of Tory gov willingness to bargain away Scotland’s fishing rights. So well done fishermen for believing Tory lies once again. 
I'm glad that no town in the UK has responded to #Snowmageddon by smashing, looting, and incinerating a Lidl supermarket; but, if I'm honest, this is because it means we won't have to endure the scorching-hot "BREXIT BRITAIN" takes in the aftermath of the rioting. 
Brexit: rotten at the core - Mrs May wants to stand completely outside the EU's ecosystem, yet demands a better Free Trade Agreement that anywhere in the world today.  As a core strategy, this is rotten – it cannot possibly succeed...  #Brexit.  
#TheresaMay's #LancasterHouse #speech vs today's debacle - a subtle yet significant backtrack on her so-called "#redlines". #MayMustGO!  #BBC #SKY @LBC #LBC @ConHome @CCHQPress #Tory @Conservatives #Tories #ConservativeParty @theresa_may #BREXIT #EU #UK 
After a week of sullenly shuffling towards a pointlessly worse future that few now actively want, please remember one thing.We don't have to do this. Brexit can be stopped by one letter.  
'No trade, no money!' Jacob Rees-Mogg's no-nonsense WARNING to Brussels over Brexit deal 
Well said Mark.  The sooner everyone accepts the democratic vote & pulls together, the better for all of us - UK & EU #brexit  
#BillCash #MP: The #EU are trying to create a constitutional crisis in the #UK  #BBC #SKY @LBC #LBC @ConHome @CCHQPress #Tory @Conservatives #ConservativeParty @theresa_may #BREXIT #EU #UK #USA #Tories 
So now according to the PM we have to face hard decisions because of Brexit. So i thpught we were going to be better off.Silly me#FBPE #StopBrexit #brexit 
Can you imagine if Remain had won the EU referendum? Would we have had 2 years of most politicians, the BBC, ex-PMs saying we must overturn the result? That there was no "Remain in the Customs Union & Single Market" on the ballot so let's leave both? Remainiacs are a disgrace. 
May’s speech can be read as the starting-gun for a #FinalSay referendum, given that her (relative) honesty today makes clear what a dismal second-best even the ‘best’ #Brexit deal would be compared to #Remain.#ExitFromBrexit - game on! 
Watch: Our political editor George Parker analyses Theresa May's latest speech on Brexit and how will it go down with the EU  
Labour’s Brexit betrayal is no surprise – Corbyn’s hunger for power knows no bounds  
We MUST get out of this madhouse that is the UK Please Scotland, get independent soon! Extra cherries on the Brexit cake  via @weegingerdug 
'We need to back out!' Charlie Mullins vows to donate millions to Lib Dems to STOP Brexit. Money will go down the plug hole!  
A quote which sums up Trump, Brexit and my afternoon on Twitter  quite perfectly.  
Corbyn sell out on Brexit a disaster for Lab. Good.  
If there is no Brexit deal after @Theresa_May's speech,it will be the EU's fault, not Britain's via @telegraph They’ve been offered a detailed, pragmatic approach today. The ball’s now in their court to respond sensibly or risk a fall out. #RoadToBrexit 
Rather than a 2nd EU referendum, let's have a referendum saying "Should Brexit go ahead, even if it means Scotland becoming independent and Northern Ireland unifying with the Republic of Ireland?" We'll soon see how "precious" Brexiters really think the union is. 
Every day voters are switching to Labour. Perhaps the biggest surprise came on @BBCr4today when Michael Heseltine said he was seriously considering voting Labour because they have a better stance on #Brexit. Get a feather and knock me down! #JC4PM 
Dear God why do we have to put up with Redwood the Vulcan.He doesn't speak for me. He doesn't even speak for the bulk of Tory MPs.The man who advised his clients to pull their investments from the UK because of #Brexit#Newsnight 
John Redwood on #Newsnight saying PM May's #RoadtoBrexit was aimed at the European Union....no it wasn't, it was aimed at trying to convince MPs and members of her own party to stay loyal to her & endorse her version of Brexit.....  
Get on with what?  You’ve had two years and all you’ve brought are problems, not solutions.  Can anyone name an actual problem (not a tabloid invented one) that Brexit is the solution to?  Your cakeism can’t go on forever.  
Let's be honest total shambles doesn't cover it #Brexit  
Theresa May’s fantasy version of the Irish Border after Brexit.  
Early signs that PM's pragmatic & positive speech is uniting tories and country behind Brexit. That is some feat, actually. Well played @theresa_may 
Tony Blair attacks right-wing press ‘cartel’ over Brexit  
#TelegraphView: If there is no Brexit deal after Theresa May's speech, it will be the EU's fault, not Britain's  
#brexit is vital to Mogg etc.“It is possible the regulations will never be adopted by the UK. However, if Britain negotiates to remain part of the single market, it would be subject to the same tax and financial regulation as full members of the union.” 
I am a patriot and I love my country, which is precisely why I will democratically oppose Brexit. Brexit is in the interests of the few, not the many and certainly not in the interests of our country. My red line:No Brexit I will not cross it#dontbrexitfixit #StopBrexit 
This sums up the pointlessness of Brexit perfectly. The very best outcome we can hope for is a more expensive, less beneficial, badly made, copy of what we have now. And that's the very best case scenario!  
By 3 to 1 more people think the BBC is anti – than pro Brexit, when over 25%  of audience thinks BBC is biased there's a problem: if we don’t want to read partisan newspapers we don’t buy them. BBC’s funding forces us all to pay for it and we expect to be impartial as a result. 
A confession. A thread. When I started the political stuff on social media (on FB), I was totally consumed by Brexit. I was so disappointed with Corbyn, and I just didn't think he could appeal to the electorate. 1 
Is anyone apart from Mrs May @theresa_may getting the sense that the country is uniting behind Brexit?No?Me the fuck neither.My red line:No Brexit#dontbrexitfixit #StopBrexit 
15 minutes into News at Ten, and only just getting into PM's #Brexit speech. All about the weather, and recurring theme has been farmers: clearing roads & braving conditions to maintain food supplies. Farmers fundamental to our country. #backbritishfarming 
Ruth Davidson, the Scottish Tory leader, has said she would support a legal challenge in the supreme court if the Scottish parliament voted for its own powers over Brexit.  
After dividing the country when she was strong, Theresa May now desperately appeals for Brexit unity because she's weak, says @georgeeaton 
Economic benefits from Brexit?  There aren't any, according to the Prime Minister.  @anandMenon1 & me in @Telegraph  
3/. She knew that Brexit would result in a hard border all along even if she gravely miscalculated the negotiation. 
How anyone can say that the reason they intend to deny the UK electorate a #FinalSay, even though the majority of people want it and even though the majority now think Brexit is a mistake, is respect for democracy, is absolutely beyond me. 
‘Get on with it!’ Theresa May fires warning shot at Brussels in major Brexit speech   
Brexit in a nutshell. @Goggleboxbros #Gogglebox 
Some Tory voters will accept Corbyn as PM if Brexit can be stopped, says Lord Heseltine  
Forget the spin. The view from Brussels is unequivocal: theresa May’s #Brexit ideas are ‘unrealistic’ and ‘non-starters’. How much more time does she propose to waste on fantastical no-fly ‘solutions’?  
'No trade, no money!' Jacob Rees-Mogg's no-nonsense WARNING to Brussels over Brexit deal  
So we’ve had a number of speeches on “The Road to Brexit” and, as a #RemainerNow, the only thing they’ve convinced me of is that all roads with any successful mutual outcome for both parties and all citizens lead to remaining a member of the EU#FinalSay 
"85% of the electorate want #Brexit"This assertion is wrong on several levelsNamely that many Remainers voted tactically #ABTV to keep the tories out in the mistaken hope it would prevent a hard #BrexitWe do not have a fair democracy under FPTPWe need electoral reform  
PM confirmed today that financial #passporting rights are gone for London. Why would the EU allow a third country to look after its money? #Brexit  
We need a galvanising word to unite us behind remaining in the EU.‘Reunion’ is an amalgamation that reunites Remain, EU and the country.Please use #rEUnion next to your profile name and use the hashtag in your anti-Brexit tweets wherever possible.Please retweet. 
Sorry to be so annoyed about Brexit but I'm only human 
People were promised the “exact same benefits” of single market during referendum. Now we’re told “less access”, which means less trade & less tax revenue for public services. The Brexit leavers promised cannot be delivered.  
Labour trolls attacking Remainers get this message loud and clear. Your party is Brexit. Your party is the enemy. Your party does not get our votes. You had forty years of my effing life support and NOT ONE DAY MORE. We vote Remain. We are Remain.  And we Will Remain. 
Right now - no "moving towards slowly" - we vote again in 9 weeks - & I will not be voting for a brexit party. #Stopbrexit #ABTV 
Enoch voted 103 times to try & stop our entry into the EEC (EU)In 1974 his call to vote Labcos Lab promised a referendum on EEC membershipled to downfall of PM HeathHeath was the man who destroyed the self government of the UK45 yrs later we're LEAVINGEnoch would be pleased  
What do you mean ‘let’s get on with it’? What the hell have you all been doing since the referendum result, @sajidjavid? Do you think people are stupid? Bunch of jokers the lot of you. #ToriesOut 
Guy Verhofstadt: While I welcome the call for a deep and special partnership, this cannot be achieved by putting a few extra cherries on the Brexit cake. 
Remainers call people who voted for #Brexit Little Englanders and make it sound as sarcastic as possible. The irony is, of course, that these Little Europeans are selling their own country down the river, in the hope of getting their thirty pieces of silver. 
Not as disruptive and disrespectful as Brexit though, eh?#stopbrexit #sendouttheclowns 
A synopsis of Theresa May's speech today on her Brexit "plan". In essence this implies a hard border in Northern Ireland which would rightly be vetoed by Ireland probably resulting in the UK crashing out of the EU catastrophically in March. In summary, UKGov still has no plan.  
'If we don’t get a trade deal, they don’t get any money!' Jacob Rees-Mogg's no-nonsense WARNING to Brussels over Brexit deal.  
“John Major is the reason we had a referendum and is the reason why we voted to leave the EU. It was Major who rammed through Parliament on double Three-Line Whips, day and night in the House of Commons, to impose the Maastricht Treaty on this country” @talkRADIO #Brexit  
I had a welcome day away from Brexit speeches today but catching up it looks like PM dumped the “exact same benefits” promise.  Looks significant to me.  So now surely she will tell us what the cost is and who will pay it.  Is that the next speech? 
We banned big money in our elections. Now the same people trying to stop #ProportionalRepresentation want to bring big money back in our referendum on modernizing how we vote in BC.  #BCpoli #pr4bcFind out more:  
"The impact of closing the borders for a few days to the free movement of food would result in a food crisis the likes of which we haven't seen."Sainsbury's CEO issues a Brexit warning  
The more I get trolled by Brexiters, the more I will tweet about my anti-Brexit opinions. Their tactics are backfiring. I want to thank them for giving me even more motivation. 
Tomorrow's front page: May's 'bizarre' Brexit speech leads us down the road to nowhere as EU warns UK's aims are not achievable. We've also got our @bellacaledonia magazine inside too. Have a great weekend! 
Ben Jennings on the weather and Theresa May's Brexit speech - political cartoon gallery in Putney  
We can argue whether the BBC is pro or anti brexit but we can agree that they are relentlessly pro Tory  
The will of the people is for a second EU referendum on the final Brexit deal. It is our democratic right to have a #FinalSay on #Brexit. 
The DUP faces big decisions about how it will vote on the final Brexit deal. But looming is also a philosophically awkward question for Sinn Féin: Would its six MPs go to Westminster to vote if that was the difference between a hard and a soft Brexit?  
Anyone wanting evidence-based understanding of Brexit and the Irish border (which should be *anyone* with an interest in Brexit) should follow @hayward_katy and @DPhinnemore and read their superb research. An exemplar of how academic social science can inform policy & the public. 
Defra Minister Eustice vows to regain control of our fisheries policy after Brexit & to “rebalance” the existing EU arrangement under which the UK has been subject to rigorous catch quotas and lost millions of tonnes of fish to EU fleets. I hope so! 
May speech fails to provide Brexit border solutions, says Irish PM  May is still in fantasy land. Time to face reality 
Brexit is collapsing under the weight of its own hubris. It is the duty of every single patriotic Remainer to continue the campaign towards its eventual collapse.  
Theresa May's Brexit positionsBrexit means BrexitWe'll have a red, white and blue BrexitBrexit still means Brexit but it will be kinda shitYou know I said it'll be red, white and blue? We are going to be exactly like the EU in many areas but no voice#RoadtoBrexit 
Editorial: Theresa May’s Brexit vision would maintain the worst aspects of EU membership  
More people support TMay's approach to Brexit than Corbyn's: @YouGov  
The UK is doomed for generations under the Tories.Triggered Brexit.Negotiating a dangerous deal leaving us out in the cold. A society prone to wicked Tory rule. Today's waffling speech has pushed me deeper into a sense of doom. We are at the mercy of these Tory clowns.  
Tony Blair’s speech BACKFIRES as nation RISES UP … AGAINST HIM!  via @Your Brexit 
Great to hear Brendan O'Neill on #bbcaq people who voted #Brexit were well informed not ignorant and racist. The discussion of the Irish border rehabilitates old stereotypes of violent and irrational Irish. 
A panelist on #BBCAQ is demonising Remainers & refuting the idea that people voted for #Brexit in ignoranceHaving just toured the country on the #Isitworthitbus and listened to Leaver's justifications (or lack of),I can confirm many, if not all, voted without reasonable grounds 
Pm May’s speech today made clear that Brexit would make the UK much worse off in every respect the Little Englanders who want to return to the monopoly days of 1882 tried to fool everyone with their lies about 350m a week bananas and fanciful stories of Turkish immigrants no more 
If people were informed, then why was top Google day after referendum 'what is the EU'? #bbcaq 
The case for a referendum on the facts, in which a vote is accorded to every resident & citizen of age to merit a say, is now absolutely imperative. It’s the only way to settle matters definitively. Brexiters fear it: which is precisely why it must happen - let’s have the truth. 
Of course the Union in reality is Scotland and NI voting against Brexit and having it forced on us whilst Scotland and Wales is taken to court for defending devolution.The British Government is at war with 3 out of the 4 in this "family of nations".  
“This week John Major, the Brixton Boy, the slow batsman with grey-underpants, the man who made the beast with two backs with Edwina Currie, was out this week with his shirt tucked in. He told us we’ve made a terrible blunder. ” #Brexit Join George now:  
I've just read Theresa May's speech about The Road to Brexit, and as much as I hate to say this (as a Remain voter), it's got me feeling really confident about leaving the EU. I think Brexit is going to help bring the UK together following the divisive Scottish referendum. 
.@jeremycorbyn's approach to #Brexit is being rejected. Anyone surprised?   
.@Anna_Soubry being quite magnificent on @BBCAnyQuestions re #CustomsUnion #Brexit & the Border between North & South of Ireland. @FraserNelson says drones will police the border to the sound of derisive laughter #RoadtoBrexit #FBPE 
John Major has given fresh impetus to anti-Brexit campaigners within the Conservative Party  
#Brexit this week:1 Corbyn has moved #Brexit debate on Customs Union2 May has moved Govt position on EU agences, EUpayments & standards3 Realisation Irish border will require EU agreement4 Enough Tory MPs to back Customs Union majority voteMomentum is only in one direction. 
Brexit is just plain wrong. The country won’t back it because of a speech two years out of date. Stop Brexit. Nothing else will do. #stopbrexit #fbpe 
This must be the best poll in years and I can't stop laughing Tony Blairs own institution has done a poll on Brexit & its unanimous Now get the hint and clear off!  
#RoadtoBrexit NEWS FLASH! Exposed! How The BBC During 2010 -2013 Misled Viewers To Believe The UK Could End Up Like Greece - To Justify Austerity On Behalf Of The Tory Party.The Tories Lied About Austerity So How Can Anyone Trust Them On Brexit - Agree RT  
Theresa May should be absolutely ashamed. Why are the Tories not doing anything about people dying on the streets in this freezing weather? It is volunteers who are setting up emergency shelters. Meanwhile, she accepts that #Brexit is going to have hard truths for the UK.  
#JeremyCorbyn responds to the #TheresaMay #Brexit speech Today.“She’s had a very long meeting with a lot of people who fundamentally don’t agree with each other”#RoadtoBrexit #MansionHouseSpeechpic.twitter.com/VoPboKrp16 
Today’s @theresa_may speech the best & most serious so far by a British minister on UK/EU relations after #Brexit (not difficult). Mostly describes a lot of very complicated ways of staying as close as politically possible to where we are now. 
For the record: the Brexit for which so many people voted is being sabotaged - but not by remoaners like me. It is being sabotaged by brextremists, infighting and incompetence. I am merely one quiet voice amongst millions asking that it be stopped before it is too late. 
I thought exact same benefits was Labour policy too? Are you finally ready to take a stand against Brexit  - that would be great. 
When invited onto the This Week sofa to discuss May's Brexit speech Corbyn replied "I'm not allowed on the sofa".  
Prime Minister @Theresa_May’s Mansion House #RoadToBrexit Speech, 2nd Feb 2018 - Thread“The agreement we reach with the EU must respect the referendum. It was a vote to take control of our borders, laws and money.” #RoadToBrexit  
Bob Moran on Theresa May's Brexit speech - political cartoon gallery in Putney  
Although Theresa May denies cherry-picking an unrealistic Brexit deal, critics around the EU are likely to complain  
Sir John Major: We are all urged to be “patriotic” and get behind Brexit.  But it is precisely because I am patriotic that I oppose it. Let's #RethinkBrexit & #RenewBritain instead, starting with those who globalisation has left behind. Join Renew today. 
She’s a deluded fantasist..Theresa May Brexit Speech today promising the ‘Worlds Best Trade Deal’ the ‘WORLDS BEST!!!’ meanwhile Tory Britain 2018 people are sleeping in tents dying on the streets as the Govt can’t be bothered to help!!!  
Germany: Referendum among 463,723 SPD (S&D)-members on whether or not to join a government coalition with Merkel's CDU/CSU (EPP) end today. Results to be announced on 4th March. #NoGroKo #GroKo 
Translation - "Yeah, I promised to stand up for Scotland but now I've got the seat I can come out in my true colours. Brexit at any cost as long as it's my constituents paying it, not me"  
Theresa May seen here delivering Brexit speech  
Vision outlined in May’s speech today - leaving single market & protectionist customs union but maintaining close regulatory, financial and cultural EU links - is exactly that presented by @drgerardlyons & myself in our book “Clean Brexit”@BitebackPub 
Matteo Salvini:“Why on earth would free people remain prisoners in [#EU] cage of absurd laws & regulations?“With Italian vote, EU will have last chance to reform.Otherwise, #Brexit will be nothing else than the start of an inevitable crumbling process" 
I just heard Michael Gove use the sentence "..approved of by people across the Conservative Party" when referring to Theresa Mays speech. This tells you everything you need to know about the governments approach to #Brexit They are willing to fuck the country for party unity. 
Michael gove,  When the tories haven't a clue on polices they always send out a village idiot to tour the studies to explain.  #c4news #brextshambles #brexit  
Dutch PM: Brexit gives a “new intensity and energy to the debate about Europe"  
That #MaySpeech in brief.The UK wants nice things after #Brexit.Such as nice trade, no hard border in Ireland, and lots of other stuff.We’ll tell you exactly what we wantAnd our terms and conditionsWhen we can agree on them.But let’s not get bogged down in specifics now. 
Major speech by PM on Brexit this week was to provide clarity on key issues and actually it did. It’s just a pity it was by ex-PM John. 
Did I miss anything or was the #Brexit speech a meaningless diatribe of nonsense? Hard/No Deal Brexit, I presume? 
Matteo Salvini:“On principle, I always support opinion of population who express themselves through a referendum.British is first & only time so far where EU citizens have had a say about #EU membership.And they rejected it.I’m not surprised.#Brexit 
Theresa May was right to admit that Brexit can't deliver everything everyone wants. But the truth is that her proposals won't deliver *anything* *anyone* wants - Brexiters, Remainers or EU.If this is #Brexit, what on earth is the point of it?#RoadToBrexit #TheresaMaySpeech 
The PM’s 5 Tests for a Brexit Deal:1. Keeping Boris Happy2. Keeping Gove Happy3. Keeping the DUP Happy4. Keeping Rees-Mogg Happy5. Keeping the Right-wing Press Happy#brexitSpeech #RoadtoBrexit #C4News 
Today @theresa_may set out what our future partnership with the EU must do:1. Respect the result of the referendum2. Be an enduring agreement3. Protect jobs and security4. Deliver an outcome consistent with the kind of country we want to be5. Strengthen our Union of nations  
Right #brexit truth. If we want to trade with EU we need to match their rules and regs. I didn’t  have a Crystal Ball... night followed day! 
Throughout the Brexit process the EU has talked up the importance of protecting the Good Friday Agreement and respecting the constitutional status of Northern Ireland - but the offer they put on the table on Wednesday does precisely the opposite, says @HughRBennett 
1. Don't need 5 Tests to change position & back you #TheresaMay; just the 1 which U forgot 2 mention.Will U guarantee you'll deliver a BETTER #BREXIT DEAL than the 1 we have as a full member of the EU? One that retains All Rights & Control & a Stronger economy? Proof required. 
Jeremy Corbyn responds to Theresa May's Brexit speech Today.“She’s had a very long meeting with a lot of people who fundamentally don’t agree with each other.”#RoadtoBrexit #snowday3 #bbcdp 
Well-written and convincing summary of where things now stand with #Brexit, by @chrisgreybrexit:  
The #RoadtoBrexit was paved with transparent lies spread by Russian Bots & right-wing loons.#Brexit was always a case of self-mutilation; the UK economy bleeding to death slowly in a corner of Europe as #ForTheMany becomes just another pipe-dream.It's time to #StopBrexit. 
What remains of the Main Stream UK press has spent most of its energies since Leveson1 in stopping #Leveson2, any proper regulation, and hit jobs on those who disagree.Just imagine they'd devoted that energy to investigating Brexit, Trump, Grenfell, or ANY proper journalism 
“Life is going to be different” May warns as she bids farewell to “cakeism” & concedes UK reduced access to Single Mkt on very day US launches a trade war. The "#brexit dream" is dying, hard breiteers will hate the "reduced vision", remainers will wonder why we're even bothering 
It’s a measure of how unimportant Theresa May is that Ch4, Sky and BBC News at 7pm run her Brexit speech as second or third item.Truly useless PM. 
Bargain-hunter Theresa May still wants a Norwegian cake for the price of a Canadian cake. If she doesn’t hurry up and chose soon, the cake shop will close and she’ll have no cake at all. #Brexit 
Establishment are trying every dirty trick to stop #BrexitBut support is still growingTony Blair’s own poll shows 65% want UK to leave EU ‘whatever the cost’ 
UK policy on #Brexit continues to be driven by differences in the Conservative Party rather than the broader national interest. This means a small group of Eurosceptics have a disproportionate impact on UK policy. That will be the case as long as the Tories remain in power. 
I used to be depressed #Brexit, but now I am just angry. SCOTLAND VOTED REMAIN! The UK is not a democracy, and it makes zero difference how we vote in Scotland. 
Excellent speech from the PM and a strong basis for the next stage of negotiations. We are committed to delivering a Brexit that is good for jobs, good for the economy, and good for Britain’s future. More from me next week on our vision for financial services collaboration. 
Theresa May's latest Brexit speech sets out 5 tests to what she calls “Managed Ambitious Divergence” or MAD for short  
There are some people out there who are never going to be happy with anything Theresa May says unless it's a surprise announcement that she's cancelling Brexit, says @HughRBennett 
A summary of the #RoadtoBrexit speech from @theresa_may earlier in one video:No Border in Ireland or the Irish seaRespect the Referendum ResultControl of BordersControl of LawControl of TradeRespect the peace agreements in Ireland#Brexit  
Theresa May has warned that ‘no-one will get everything they want’ from Brexit. On the plus side, everyone will get something they don’t want. 
Cant believe BBC, gave Corbyn hours of drudgery aspirations earlier in the week, yet Mays main Brexit speech, was hardly covered! Even ITV barely mentioned it! Peston as usual biased as always against herl! 
Disaster poll for Corbyn’s keep-in-the-customers-Union approach.  Sldn’t take Brexit advice from @RolandRudd in my view 
Taoiseach calls for more realistic proposals on Brexit from May  
This underlines Brexit. The elite of which JRM is one, the elite that has run Britain for centuries, don't want to share and co-operate with EU – they want a country that is theirs, to do with as they please as per their birthright, & serfs to toil in it. *That* drives Brexit. 
Blow for LAB as YouGov finds Corbyn’s approach to Brexit getting just 24% support  
Theresa May gives another Brexit speech. Meanwhile, in the real world...  
A reminder of one key reason why Heseltine actively campaigns for the EU & openly prays for a Corbyn government to reverse Brexit: the large subsidies he receives from the EU.  via @MailOnline 
This Churchill quote seems to describe Brexit perfectly:"It is a riddle, wrapped in a mystery, inside an enigma; but perhaps there is a key. That key is Russian national interest."  
Ruth Davidson, has said she would support a legal challenge in the supreme court if the Scottish parliament voted for its own powers over Brexit.Conformation Ruth @RuthDavidsonMSP  has no respect for devolution no respect for the people of Scotland. @RuthDavidsonMSP #shameful 
The PM has no mandate whatsoever to do this.  NO-ONE has a mandate to ruin the UK via the self-evident lunacy of #Brexit.  Let's just all take a deep breath and #StopBrexit right now. Please. 
Contradictions & Contortions of Brexit-Tory PM highlights high EU standards, regulations & cooperation agencies that UK shaped and must keep. Brexit means LESS money, control, trade, cooperation. SHE knows it, WE know it. #RethinkBrexit #RenewBritain #FBPE 
Like other Brexiteers, Mogg is part of an elite. And Brexit is about trying to replace one elite with another. Brexit is fundamentally not and never has been an anti-elite project.  
The default brexiteer response: "It will be fine."But, I have yet to hear a coherent and credible reason as to why Brexit will be fine. 
Unite around my nutter's version of Brexit, May tells Britain pic.twitter.com/NCDXBWa7oN 
How times change.In 1974 Tory Enoch Powell advised voters to vote Lab, so we could have a referendum to LEAVE the EEC (EU)In 2018 Tory Heseltine advises voters to vote Lab, to keep us IN the EU.  
WATCHING THE PM SPEACH FROM EARLIER TODAY. 5 MINS IN AND I HAVE HEARD THE PM CLAIM SHE HAS LISTENED TO THE WHOLE OF THE UK ON BREXIT I SUSPECT THE MAJ OF SCOTS WILL NOT AGREE WITH HER 
May warns: “Life will be different after Brexit.”Single market access would be "less than it is now" and the UK would have to pay into some EU agencies.Please RT to tell @theresa_may she has no mandate for this.#StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON 
Just once I'd like it for a Brexiter to sit me down, metaphorically, and explain in friendly, rational and non-patronising terms why Brexit is better for the UK than EU membership.I am always open to debate. I used to be Christian, and rational people persuaded me to atheism. 
Ruth Davidson (2017): Scottish Tories will stand up for Scotland's interests.Ruth Davidson (2018): Scottish Tories back legal action against Brexit bill designed to protect Scotland's interests.  
Jacob Rees-Mogg:“Soft line is we’re going to give [#EU] £35bn & if we don’t have a deal you won’t have any money & you're bust!Bear in mind EU has no legal ability to borrow so it would either have to cut expenditure or get Germans to pay more!#Brexit 
Don’t cry for Theresa May. This Brexit crisis is her fault | Jonathan Freedland  
The most ludicrous bit of @theresa_may's speech was "Let's get on with it!". Erm, the referendum was 21 months ago and it is YOU who dragged your heels and vomited up meaningless soundbites for the duration, while the EU has been eager to negotiate. #RoadtoBrexit 
The real negotiation in Brexit continues to be between the UK government and its own political supporters, rather than about the (seemingly) non-negotiable terms the EU is seeking to prescribe. 
Proud of our PM today.Took a lot of stick since becoming PM.UK media on her like she's Trump's evil twin.EU playing games, enabled by frothing Remoaners.She stood tall, said she'll deliver #Brexit we voted for, not a watered down version Brussels lemmings want.#RoadToBrexit 
Throwback to when the BBC mistakenly revealed how Jeremy Corbyn really voted in the EU referendum.  
Totally extraordinary that in week EU presented detailed proposals to solve Brexit’s most intractable problem - UK’s land border - UK prime minister gave only her third major Brexit speech and said precisely nothing new on the subject. At all.Her inadequacy knows no parallel.  
This paragraph, tucked in the midst of the BBC’s report on Theresa May’s Brexit speech will loom hugely in coming months. UK will fail adequacy test. They know it, hence the proposal. And without alternative deal (which has already been rejected) EU data can’t go to UK.  
I tweet for the Black kids who got teased for talking so proper & didn't take it as a referendum on a single damned thing about Blackness. Honestly, some of y'all are more invested in that than the white friend that calls you a nigga & it's tired as hell. 
Scottish EU Continuity Bill , keeps #EU Charter after #Brexit. The Bill incorporates the Charter into Scots law as it applies to devolved matters. Respect to @ScotGovFM & @scotgov -they believe in protecting the dignity of people in Scotland @MrJohnNicolson 
Ali Ahmed Kurd tells @shazbkhanzdaGEO he fears that the next election could turn into a referendum on Supreme Court becoming Nawaz Sharif specific and the beneficiary could be Nawaz Sharif because personal bias is evident from the rulings given against NS by courts 
Jeremy Corbyn: The choice is very clear:- A Tory Brexit to protect the very richest, slash corporation tax, & working regulations. - Or Labour's vision to protect Jobs, the Economy, by building a close relationship with our trade partners#RoadtoBrexit 
“She’s had a very long meeting with a lot of people who fundamentally don’t agree with each other.”Jeremy Corbyn responds to Theresa May's Brexit speech.  
One of the best pieces I've read on Brexit at any point in the process so far. Don't think I can disagree with a single point.  
Follow us on #Twitter for the latest #MAGA news and supporting MAGA candidates - #NewRight #MidTerms #ArmyOfTrump#Brexit #BillyGrahamFuneral 
Much of the speech was a paean to European integration She played down the prospect of regulatory divergence & stressed common interests. With few changes, the same arguments could have been deployed as a case for abandoning Brexit all together- Please God 
My conclusion from the May speechMay has no plans and no idea what she is doingBrexit is a disasterMay may or may not know it, which is why she will speak for an hour and say zeroThe UK would be better off if it had an alligator as PM 
At the time of the referendum people voted Leave because they thought it would make things better for us and our country. There will soon come a time when the only supporters of Brexit will be people who do so knowing that it will harm the UK and make us all poorer. 
I am in the unfortunate position of having practised EU law for 25 years & actually understanding the appalling implications of the UK sailing off into the Atlantic. For me it is a question of responsibility not elitism; I consider it would be irresponsible not to oppose Brexit. 
This Tory Govt is soo divided, the PM is incapable of delivering a coherent and decisive plan for Brexit!#RoadtoBrexit #TheresaMaySpeech 
If Trump isn't driven out of office this year and hard Brexit is not stopped we have to consider the possibility that the western water supply is being drugged by something that diminishes our capacity for critical judgment #Mueller 
Haha, so a large poll in which 174,000 people voted is invalid because Brexit supporters were actually aware of it and took part – but a tiny poll in which only 1,800 Tony Blair Institute followers voted is totally on the level?  
That's IT !I'm hacked off with #Brexit - the PMs speech - the various commentariat analysis of it etc etc etc. ad naueseum.Nothing will change before March 2019.TONIGHT - I'm going to have a long bath - watch a rubbish movie - and eat chocolate !! 
The Brexit impasse explained:》Both May and Corbyn wanted to trigger A50.》As soon as it was triggered, the EU told us we couldn't have our cake and eat it.》Since then, Tories and Labour have been constantly telling the EU what flavour cake they want to have and eat.#FBPE 
This is what the Tory Brexit plan will feature after a U.S trade deal:Where the UK will be eating: Chlorinated Chicken, and Beef injected with Growth Hormones!#RoadtoBrexit #TheresaMaySpeech 
I’m going to assume from now on that all Lexiters on Twitter are parody accounts, Russian bots or just people who are stark raving bonkers.No sane left-wing person could possibly support the right-wing Brexit coup that is occurring, surely....  
“#Brexit: UK faces unprecedented food crisis if no trade deal secured with EU, says Sainsbury's boss: Closing the borders for a few days to free movement of food would result in food crisis the likes of which we haven’t seen,’ Mike Coupe says”  
One of May's 5 tests from #RoadtoBrexit speech is impossible, so her #Brexit is doomed to failure.No agreement will ever bring this country together. The damage is irreparable, divisions too deep, any common ground too fragile.I will never come together with xenophobes.  
Takeaway from @MichelBarnier meeting with Danish business. All businesses - even the food industry that risk loosing half its export to the UK - are more concerned with keeping the integrity of the internal market than any loss of UK market access #Brexit #eudk 
104 @UKLabour MPs represent Northern constituencies where the people voted for independence in the referendumThe 10 MPs tagged here represent seats with Leave votes above 69%Please RT & ask your voice be heard when they vote on Corbyn’s Customs Union #LabourBrexitBetrayal pic.twitter.com/PPG4Jc6pq0 
.@sanchezcastejon answers what’s happening about Catalunya: it's part of an anti-European and reactionary movement, such as the Brexit or the Hungarian case, or what's taking place in Poland and Germany. In Spain, the Catalonian issue reveals through the nationalism #delphi_forum 
The "Ultras" will probably stomach anything, even a Brexit in name only, as long as UK is firmly outside EU on 29 March 2019. That is what matters.The details are for others, especially EU, to work out.And so in this roundabout way, we may end up with a 52-48 Brexit. 
Ruth Davidson is supporting Theresa May in Brexit, urging her to stick to her principles.Yes, the same principled Ruth who after the #EUReferendum said she wanted to stay in the Single Market. Remember her? Fun times. 
The unseemly dirty tricks which now form the central plank of the EU's strategy in the #Brexit negotiations reveal cowardice and fear at the threat an independent Britain poses to a fragile superstate beset by crisis from all sides.  
Jeremy Corbyn Is Right to Put Jobs & Living Standards First when it comes to #Brexit.Spot on from Matt Willgress ↓ 
Will the govt, .@theresa_may, be compensating businesses for the losses incurred as a consequence of #Brexit?Many people who have founded and built up SMEs have risked everything and worked their socks off to do so.#RoadtoBrexit#bbcpm #Newsnight 
A Prime Minister of any stature - correction, any other Prime Minister at all - would turn round to the British people and say ‘You know what, no kind of #Brexit is worth it, it’s just too damaging to our economy and our society’ 
It is rather telling that when the PM was asked by a German journalist after her speech, if she thought Brexit is worth it, May couldn’t answer   
Today @theresa_may set out what our future partnership with the EU must do:1. Respect the result of the referendum2. Be an enduring agreement3. Protect jobs and security4. Deliver an outcome consistent with the kind of country we want to be5. Strengthen our Union of nations  
Three hours later and Corbyn gets round to a quote. Claims PM "failed to provide solutions".. boasts “we clearly set out our Brexit priorities in Coventry on Monday".. (that would be when he said Labour would stay in CU AND forge trade deals. Clearly.) 
#Brexit will benefit a few billionaire tax avoiders. Rest of us will be worse off in every conceivable way. Can't put it plainer than that 
Associate membership of some agencies (difficult), acknowledging complexity, trade offs and cost (loss of access) do, in summary, make Brexit sound a lot like what some have been saying for a long time: an exercise in damage limitation 
Aye you're all full of your smart arse comments about Theresa May, but where was your wit and intellect when it counted? At the general election, at the EU referendum. Did your clever brain make a difference then? Naw. Take your retweets and shove them up your arse. 
A great many ordinary Europeans are on Britain's side. Unfortunately they have little representation in the political circles of Europe.#RoadToBrexit#Brexit#Vlexit  
Error 404: the positive side of Brexit was not found.  
German Media hit the nail on the head with this question - Is #brexit worth it.?#StopBrexit #FBPE #MaySpeech 
People of Britain, if you do not take to the streets in MASSIVE numbers, DAILY until Brexit is stopped following May's insane speech today, then you deserve the all poverty and destitution and fascism that is 100% inevitable now if it goes ahead. Do it or regret it for ever 
Great to have @tconnellyRTE writing for @ftcomment on Brexit, the border and souring Anglo-Irish relations  
EXCLUSIVE: Italy PM candidate tells  Italexit ON CARDS as he HERALDS Brexit  
Nicola Sturgeon and now Guy Verhofstadt issues scathing response to Theresa May's Brexit speech: 'We need more than vague aspirations'  
Is it me but May speech seems complete blather devoid of content?  "the talent & genius of all our people – & especially our young people – are the seeds of our success in the future, as they have been the guarantors of our success in the past." the young voted against Brexit 2/2 
Fascinating exchange between @WilliamJHague and Lib Dems @EdwardJDavey and Jeremy Browne in 2008, whilst debating the Lisbon Treaty, in which the Lib Dems call on Hague to back their calls for an in/out referendum on Britain's membership of the EU - how times change  
Hezza has lost his marbles. He claims some Tory voters will accept Corbyn becoming PM if Brexit can be stopped. They would have to be insane to vote for punitive taxes, confiscation of private property & endless strikes under a Marxist government. 
Man who got us into this mess by having the arrogance to order the civil service to not plan for Brexit, sneers at woman who is carrying out her public duty of clearing up his mess. Figures.  
Recap of the week: ‣ We took part in the #WesternBalkans Tour ‣ presented the draft #Brexit Withdrawal Agreement ‣ discussed #cryptocurrency and #blockchain with @VDombrovskis ‣ set out measures against #illegalcontent online More →  
No customs union.No single market membership.No hard NI border (at least not by us).A time-limited transition period.No ECJ rule.No freedom of movement.@theresa_may always said "#Brexit means Brexit".Do you believe her now?#RoadToBrexit 
PM May needed to move beyond vague aspirations. While I welcome the call for a deep & special partnership, this cannot be achieved by putting a few extra cherries on the Brexit cake. I will discuss this further with the PM in London on Tuesday.  
NEW ANALYSIS: Theresa May picks the right moment to deliver her best Brexit speech  
#marr on Sunday - featuring the Prime Minister @theresa_may on her big Brexit speech. 9am on Sunday, BBC1. 
May is patient, polite but (as her speech shows) resolute. Your total negativity is based on crude politics and has no economic basis,  gains you no standing in Brussels, and puzzles and alienates many pro-Indy voters.  You're the most obvious Brexit #loser. 
Now that you have heard Theresa May’s and Jeremy Corbyn’s speech. Which leader do you trust when it comes to Brexit ? vote & Rt  #RoadtoBrexit 
Today @theresa_may set out what our future partnership with the EU must do:1. Respect the result of the referendum2. Be an enduring agreement3. Protect jobs and security4. Deliver an outcome consistent with the kind of country we want to be5. Strengthen our Union of nations  
 WATCH: our deputy director @f_grovewhite on why Theresa May's speech today showed that there's very little progress on any of the key Brexit issues. Please RT:  
No-one voted for this Brexit mess, so the issue will have to be returned to the people, writes Lord Mandelson @Open_Britain  
Since the referendum, they have argued that the whole idea of a “common market” is akin to EU membership. This means that Single Market membership or anything close to it is unacceptable . Apparently, it is a betrayal  to have common product standards to facilitate trade. 
“British Prime Minister fails to grasp the hard truths and realities of Brexit” - Mary Lou McDonald TD  
Leave voters will listen to PMs wise words on the complexity and cost of #Brexit & increasingly realise they’ve been sold a pup. It doesn’t have to be this way and people must be entitled to change their minds #FinalSay 
PM’s problem now is 1. Will her #Brexit deal even get off the blocks given EUs clear stance that we won’t get an extensive bespoke deal? 2. Will she keep the #HardBrexiteers on board or will they seek to oust her for a leader who will deliver their no deal/WTO Brexit? 
In her honest & conciliatory speech @theresa_may has set out the sort of #Brexit deal she wants & in so doing has rejected #HardBrexit. The PM was frank about how complicated & costly Brexit will be. Even if the PM achieves that deal we won’t be as well off as we are now. 
spot on by @Anna_Soubry "The Brexit we are heading towards is very different to the one we were promised" and with that in mind, everybody, especially Leave voters, are entitled to change their minds @Open_Britain 
First Minister @NicolaSturgeon responds to the Prime Minister's #Brexit speech.  
Guy Verhofstadt issues scathing response to Theresa May's Brexit speech: 'We need more than vague aspirations'  
Theresa May just did a reality check on Brexit. Basically it's not worth it. Wouldn't you rather we focused on the issues that really matter in this country, instead?#RoadToBrexit 
.#Brexit is a tragedy, ruining this country. It is not about me as #EU citizen, it is about us all, our human rights, our workers rights, our disabled and vulnerable citizens rights, our precious #NHS, our education, our justice system, our environment. Our history. #roadtobrexit 
Yayyyy let's celebrate the UK budget SURPLUS!! The  surplus came from SPENDING cuts in EDUCATION & HEALTH.Government revenues stagnated during this time, meaning they failed to TAX the RICH & INCOME INEQUALITY INCREASED...Sounds great, right?#FBPE #Brexit #stopbrexit 
Never forget. This man created #Brexit chaos because of an internal Tory party feud. He then knighted all of his mates (and f***ed off)  
The Tories have no answers to the questions facing Brexit negotiations. Quite the opposite: the Government is paralysed by its own divisions. Labour's Brexit plan will put jobs & living standards first – and @CBItweets agrees ↓ #RoadtoBrexit 
May: "I have been very clear."Spiegel: "May avoids clear position on Brexit."Zeit: "Theresa May frustrates hopes about a clear Brexit position of her government."Frankfurter Allgemeine: "PM Theresa May frustrates hopes about clear Brexit position."#RoadToBrexit #FBPE  
Siri, show me an obvious metaphor for post-Brexit British exceptionalism. #roadtobrexit 
Brexit is to the UK what the Second Amendment is to the US.  There’s an important difference, however: Brexit can be ‘repealed.’ It can be stopped in its tracks ... and the sooner, the better. #FBPE 
Guy Verhofstadt issues scathing response to Theresa May's Brexit speech: 'We need more than vague aspirations'  #itvnews #bbcnews #BBCBreakfast #gmb #wrightstuff #ThisMorning #bbcdp 
reread John Major’s Brexit speech. doesn’t mention his great triumph as Chancellor. Taking  Britain into ERM. One of his many omissions 
Currently writing a piece on #brexit and EU agencies. Short version is so far only EEA countries have the kind of associate membership May is asking for - and not only have to accept the ECJ, but also fully implement EU legislation in the relevant areas. And ofc no voting rights  
The Tories have no answers to the questions facing Brexit negotiations. Quite the opposite: the Government is paralysed by its own divisions. Labour's Brexit plan will put jobs & living standards first – and @CBItweets agrees ↓ #RoadtoBrexit 
WATCH: @Anna_Soubry, co-chair of @eurelationsappg, warns that the Brexit we are heading for is 'very, very different' to the one promised in the referendum. Please RT:  
'There is political consensus among the young about the kind of Britain we want to live in: one that is open, outward-looking and embraces our friends on the continent.'@AMCatherall calls on Labour to back a referendum on the final Brexit deal  
If you're interested what the view from Germany is in wake of May's #Brexit speech the top German business new stories today are:1. Trump trade war fears2. Japanese monetray policy debate3. Frankfurt boost as May admits UK will lose passporting rights, £ falls 
BREXIT: Viewers noticed something familiar about that mouthy audience member on last night’s QT/ #Brexit #bbcqt 
The historical pattern of response to May's speeches on Brexit go like this: • May gives vague speech.• Tory Remainers welcome speech.• Tory Brexiters welcome speech. • EU says speech unrealistic. • Speech falls apart. • Next speech billed as "The definitive speech". 
Pretty much exactly what the only competent leader on these islands @NicolaSturgeon said this morning before Mrs May had uttered a word!! What an embarrassment the #ukgov has become.#BrexitSpeech #mansionhousespeech #snp #Brexit  
Despite the fact I’ve ran for parliament, host a debate show on Sky News, have debated current affairs in the media for 6 years & will be impacted by Brexit..I apparently can’t debate Brexit, because my qualifications amount to 2 GCSEs. Education snobbery makes me laugh   
PM has set articulated a cogent pragmatic position on the outcomes we seek from the #Brexit negotiations with our #EU partners. Set out the ways in which we can secure our future trading relationship. Important the EU engages seriously in response. #RoadtoBrexit @theresa_may 
Labours Brexit policy is just as bad as the Tories!!!!!  
These speeches by May are gobsmacking, everyone of them are the same she starts off saying what sort of world she wants and what sort of relationship she wants with the EU after Brexit, she then lays down all the red lines she will stand firm on that stops us getting these aims. 
Brexit has convinced me to close my data business down. Was thinking about it anyway as fancied a change, but am not willing to take any risks. If I want to start up again I'll do so in an EU country post-Brexit. May help me to get residency there if I'm paying corporation tax. 
.@DUPleader on the PM’s Brexit speech. Full statement:  
What a complete & utter crock of shite @theresa_may's speech was. I am ... frankly embarrassed. 18 months after the referendum, 1 year after Article 50 she's still talking about innovative & creative solutions, "technology" & mutual recognition.  Amateur #RoadtoBrexit 
Extra cherries on the Brexit cake  
Nick Clegg - What is the point in #brexit. It's a bit like someone wanting to leave their house to move into a shiny new one & they end up moving into the attic of the house they owned all along but still paying the bills & living by the rules of other people.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Send @theresa_may and the Tories a message - hands off Scotland's powers!  Sign the petition today #Brexit  
If protecting Northern Ireland's border and peace was really 'at the heart' of our #Brexit approach, then how could she rule out membership of CU and SM before even starting talks? 
The lack of compassion is scathing...Nobody in the UK deserves to suffer the consequences of #Brexit other than the Rightwing elite who have brought it upon us all  
A pound shop Brexit from a 99p store prime minister. It's almost as though it was designed to fail  #RoadtoBrexit 
Scotland in Union here, proving they don't care one bit about how much Brexit will destroy Scotland's economy.  
Isn’t the irony that their divisive policy IS the threat to the kingdom? NI is nearer ROI, Scotland teeters and even Unionists in Wales rebel against London. All because of Brexit.  
To be fair to Theresa May, #RoadToBrexit was probably her most honest speech since she took office. She's finally admitting some of Brexit's challenges.  
I don't welcome losing my EU citizenship and rights. How can this be democratic based on 27% of population voting and the lies told in an advisory referendum?? 
Thanks Theresa May for saying we have to ‘face hard facts on Brexit’. Here’s some. When we were asked to decide or1. No one was talking about Ireland.2. No one gave any serious figures on what it would cost.3. A bus told everyone we’d have more money.Hard fact: new vote. 
Quite galling to hear May talking about Brexit “strengthening our union of nations”. Not only did 2 of them vote against it (and another now regrets voting for it), but UKGov has systematically ignored devolved govs’ concerns & looked to grab their powers. 
- Refusal to guarantee EU citizens' rights- The most extreme hard Brexit interpretation of marginal referendum vote- Refusal to give Parliament a vote on Article 50 without a Supreme Court ruling- Lost majority and mandate for her hard Brexit but insists 'nothing has changed' 
'We have now had 3 keynote speeches from Theresa May on Brexit – none of   them has offered any solutions to the border question in Ireland'SDLP Leader @ColumEastwood reacts to @theresa_may's speech which reveals the chaos at the heart of her Government.  
Guy Verhofstadt issues scathing response to Theresa May's Brexit speech: 'We need more than vague aspirations'  
This is legit Theresa May's reaction when she was asked how exactly she thinks the outcome of her hard Brexit is going to improve the lives of ordinary people in Britain: #RoadToBrexit #RoadToRuin 
The chair of the powerful EPP fraction in the EU Parliament just reacted to May's speech. He believes a no deal Brexit is now more likely.#RoadtoBrexit#FBPE 
OK, have read text of speech. By far best from U.K. govt since Brexit in terms of detail. But 3 big problems with plans remain. 1. attempt to place UK under EU agencies like chems but not other goods regs. Even with goodwill from EU, hard to split up goods acquis like that. 1/n 
Here's what European Parliament Brexit co-ordinator @guyverhofstadt says about the PM's speech. "Theresa May needed to move beyond vague aspirations, we can only hope that serious proposals have been put in the post" 
Anna Soubry - Theresa May's speech does not match the reality of the position of the EU.. the EU has made it very clear the sort of deal they will be doing with us. The brexit we are heading for is very very different than the one we were promised#StopBrexit #FBPE @Anna_Soubry 
.@Anna_Soubry on May’s #RoadtoBrexit: “It will not deliver the same benefits to our economy as we currently have. The British people need to look at this and say ‘Is this what I voted for?’ The Brexit we are heading towards is very, very different to the one we were promised.”  
Yet again folks we have to go to Irish newspaper to get the truth. UK Journos incapable of telling us the truth their offshore press baron owners only want lies about Brexit and UK getting out  to you  
Two years, two cabinet team building days and an election and this vapid speech is the best the TM can offer. Whilst Britain freezes she sends a further chill though businesses trying to plan for the future. A referendum on this fiasco is now the only answer to stop the madness 
Theresa May: All complex free trade agreements cherry pick.Reality: Which is why they take around 8 years to complete.Brexit: But we only have 140 work days left until ratification!Reality: Tick-Tock, Tick-Tock ...#RoadtoBrexit#FBPE 
Theresa May's big Brexit speech is ALREADY being torn apart. 
Any Brexit "deal" means the UK negotiating away powers and pounds unnecessarily. The Brexit vote was an instruction to return ALL powers from the EU. No deal is and always has been the best, only option. Simply leave, and offer to continue free trade. #RoadtoBrexit 
"We are going to become a normal independent Parliamentary democracy operating to high standards...  with unprecedented ambition" @SteveBakerHW on @theresa_may #mansionhouse #Brexit speech  
Reaction to British PM Brexit speech from influential @EPPGroup Chair. 
May’s diminished authority is allowing Brexit extremists to neuter any chance she has at getting an acceptable deal for the UK.  #RoadtoBrexit 
Listen to us Britons, we are failed prime ministers, we know better than you what is good for Britain.#Brexit  
Four speeches and a wake-up call. My latest blog post on the week's Brexit developments just up:  
The final question asked to Theresa May after her speech was about how exactly her pursuit of a hard Brexit will improve life for ordinary people across Britain.This was May's reaction.A confident, positive reaction if ever I've seen one.#RoadToBrexit #RoadToRuin 
After what I have heard today I am even more concerned.  I don't see how we could reach an agreement on #Brexit if the UK government continues to bury its head in the sand like this.  #TheresaMaySpeech @EPPGroup 
Strong, detailed and well argued speech by the PM. Outlines a positive and coherent vision of UK-EU relations post #Brexit. Much work to do but looking forward to getting on with it #roadtobrexit 
Theresa May has set out her "hard facts" in her Brexit speech. There is only one "hard fact" and it's this - Brexit is totally unnecessary. There's no need to do it. And we can stop it at any time.#MaySpeech 
In the words of the Poke, Theresa May's objectives from Brexit speech in full:•Bring country together•Sort Arsenal defence•Cure Cancer •Discover secret of alchemy•Reconcile Gallagher Brothers 
"At the moment, the way she is falling is that we will not have the access that we have had in the past, that is not what David Davis promised" @Anna_Soubry on @theresa_may #mansionhouse #Brexit speech  
BREAKING NEWS Theresa May outlined her proposals on how to deal with the border dividing Ireland #Brexit#RoadtoBrexit #FLUFFandNONSENSE 
#TheresaMay... C'mon let's be honest now #Britain has got a much greater vested interest in "getting #Brexit right"The #EU is a progressive union, it will continue into the future regardless of whether our country falters and fallsThe #RoadtoBrexit leads to a cliff edge 
Hopefully Italy will make the EU collapse before we agree to give them a load of money for a half Brexit deal  
Theresa May Brexit Speech today promising the ‘Worlds Best Trade Deal’ U-What!’Meanwhile in Tory Britain, people are sleeping in tents, dying on the streets as the Govt can’t be bothered to help!!!#RoadtoBrexit 
The central deceit of May's speech is that Britain is recovering its "sovereignty". As the Brexit White Paper made clear, the UK never lost it.  Now she wants "reciprocal and binding commitments".. Stay in agencies. Strike a new "customs partnership". 
The Tories have no answers to the questions facing Brexit negotiations. Quite the opposite: the Government is paralysed by its own divisions. Labour's Brexit plan will put jobs & living standards first – and @CBItweets agrees ↓ #RoadtoBrexit 
Theresa May's Brexit vision is to have a watered down version of the same benefits that we had for the last 45 years, but with instability in Northern Ireland as a consequence.So this begs the question, why are we bothering to leave the EU at all? #roadtobrexit 
And now we go live to the Brexit battle bus, somewhere on the A1 near Lindisfarne  
Ok. BBC Correspondents laughing at Trump's tweets about trade wars. Tell me how what Theresa May wants with #Brexit is any different. I can't stand Trump, but I get so fed up with Brits not seeing this WM gov. is just as bad. 
PM has set out enormously complex project to keep things basically the same after Brexit - can’t help wondering if she really thinks it’s worth it 
.@theresa_may has set our opening position for the #Brexit negotiations with the EU27. Pragmatic and realistic but optimistic too. Time now to set differences aside and for the whole of the UK to come together to support her in getting the best deal #RoadtoBrexit 
Plenty of people who were never going to be happy whatever she said, but May delivered as much detail as you could want from a headline speech, tackled market access trade-offs, and set out a framework that will deliver UK legal independence after Brexit 
The word "hard" has been cleverly put before the word "Brexit" by the media and traitor MP's to fool people into thinking that it's too difficult.Why didn't they use the word "full"?#WordAssociation 
Thank you @MichelBarnier for an important meeting about state-of-play and Danish concerns. A lot is at stake for DK across a wide range of sectors including agri-food, energy and fisheries. We stand behind our chief Brexit negotiator. We need progress in the negotiations #dkpol 
Theresa May Brexit Speech today promising the ‘Worlds Best Trade Deal’ the ‘WORLDS BEST!!!’ meanwhile Tory Britain 2018 people are sleeping in tents dying on the streets as the Govt can’t be bothered to help!!! #RoadToBrexit 
.@TiceRichard & @JLongworthLML: “It is the task of the Prime Minister to make Brexit a success irrespective of the EU." 4/4 Read the full statement here:  
.@TiceRichard & @JLongworthLML: “To date there has been no evidence that the EU desires to behave in such a way. It has done everything in its power to try to bully the UK and prolong and obstruct Brexit negotiations." 3/4 
Key points from PM's #roadtobrexit speech:- Still cherry-picking.- No solutions to any of the important questions.- No tangible benefits of #brexit.- All VoteLeave campaign promises forsaken. Parliament must therefore reject the terms, and send it back to the people. 
#bbcdp Anna bloody Soubry on shouting & screaming as usual. Why she on trying to derail Brexit all the time on the BBC. She’s back on tonight BBC Radio 4 Any Questions 20:00 on everywhere. Barry Gardiner on with her the dream team from hell. 
Theresa May claims she wants to to "bring country together" - yet she’s done exactly the opposite, held hostage by the far right of her own party, pursuing an extreme, reckless hard #Brexit which puts jobs and our futures at risk @Open_Britain 
Tara for now. If you want to understand more about Brexit and all the various nonsense she's spouting, buy my bastard book  
So now the PM has reached the “I admit #Brexit isn’t going to be nearly as good as what we’ve got but I hope  it’s not going to be as absolutely dreadful as you say ” stage of denial.  Its progress of a #Maybot sort but it is still leading us to disaster #Letscallthewholethingoff 
.@Nigel_Farage fought hard 4 clean Brexit from #EU this  watered down version from weak leadership by Theresa May & obstructionists so disheartening #UK 
Theresa May: "If that was an attempt to ask 'will we think again on Brexit', the answer is 'no, we will not think again on Brexit'." That's what you want in a Prime Minister someone who never thinks about things twice, especially when new information emerges. #Brexit  
THERESA MAY: “No-one will get everything they want with Brexit. For example, you might want considered, informed, educated, competent, forward-thinking, evidence-based and logical leadership. You won’t get that.” 
Bottom line from TM speech: govt wants softest possible Brexit consistent w leaving single market & customs union - ie somewhere in the middle. Implication: if forced by EU to choose between two extremes - hard or soft - will have to go for hard 
Good speech from @theresa_may. Ahead of all the major Brexit milestones, we have weeks of speculation about how the PM is going to back away from her Lancaster House vision, but she is sticking to her position: #TakingBackControl of our money, borders, laws and trade  @vote_leave 
German journalist asking 'will Brexit be worth it?'. If it means that future generations in this country will be living in a democratic country - then yes. #RoadtoBrexit 
May's Brexit speech the most important this week when she's negotiating but Major's was clearer(and better) but Corbyn's might prove the most significant 
‘No we won’t think again on Brexit.’ But the Prime Minister can’t presume to speak for Parliament or ‘we’ the people! 
Theresa May wants a pic 'n' mix Brexit, the EU have already said this is impossible. I wouldn't rule out a no deal scenario just yet.  #RoadtoBrexit 
AWESOME!!!German journalist just asked that, given all the confusing self-inflicted pain coming up, is Brexit worth it? 
I'm mindful of the irony that the PM claims Parl will be sovereign once we have left the EU, which of course it always was within the EU, & yet she's sought at every turn to subvert the Parliamentary process to avoid opposition to her version of #Brexit! Hypocrite#FinalSayForAll 
This speech changes nothing - more pie-in-the-sky logic from govt. We're still headed for a hard Brexit that undermines jobs, rights and the Good Friday Agreement. 
"We won't think again on Brexit" is one hell of a mission statement. 
The nightmare scenario for Theresa May: Brexit stance now too soft for Tory Brexiteers but too hard for the EU and parliament. 
"Do you think Brexit is worth it?" asks a German reporter. The PM responds: "Will we think again on Brexit? No" @BBCNews 
Wonder at Scots wanting independence? Right now we have a Prime Minister we didn’t vote for,  talking about a Brexit we didn’t vote for, and seeking conditions she won’t get and we don’t want,  so she can please the loony wing of a party who have 13 MPs in Scotland. Democracy? 
May's big speech in summary: We want everything to stay exactly as it is today, except a few small bits we don't like, but if you could call everything by a different name, so the raving loons will vote for me again, that would help us out a lot. Thanks. #Brexit 
Strong, pragmatic speech from May. Asking for space to negotiate what is effectively a soft-Brexit. Makes it very tough for the Tory customs-union rebels to say "no, we don't trust you". 
This was the extraordinary detailed position that the cabinet agreed? This was the compromise? What May said is: We want to have our cake and eat it and we want some of your cake and we don't want to pay for cake.  #Brexit 
No workable detail in PM’s speech on how to avoid hard border on island of Ireland #Brexit 
How May has the brass balls to tell the EU “Let’s get on with it” when the govt haven’t even managed to produce a one page outline of what we want our post Brexit position to be in 18 months, I do not know. 
May seems wants a soft Brexit (no tariffs/membership of agencies/deals across lots of sectors), but outside the customs union and the single market: as a starting position she's asking for the moon 
So I’ll summarise:We want a hard brexitWe don’t know how because we’ve no real negotiating powersWe still actually don’t have a planWe are ignoring Scotland who voted to remainWe don’t have a clue but we will waffle a lot to confuse people #mansionhousespeech 
That was Theresa May's best Brexit speech to date. Serious, detailed and (mostly) based in reality. Optimistic but not overly so. Confirmation UK will stay in key agencies. ECJ red line further blurred. But a pretty large and bitter bill for Brexiters to swallow. #roadtobrexit 
.@theresa_may: "The approach I have set out today would: implement the referendum result, provide an enduring solution, protect our security and prosperity, helps us build the kind of country we want to be, and bring our country together". #RoadToBrexit 
The Tories still have no answers to the questions facing the Brexit negotiations. Quite the opposite: the Government is paralysed by its own divisions. Our Brexit approach can unite our country & put jobs and living standards first – and the @CBItweets agrees ↓ #RoadtoBrexit 
May's speech is really all about the central paradox of Brexit: having to find endless, complex, potentially unstable solutions to the myriad issues EU membership dealt with perfectly fine already, and with very little fuss. 
This is just another 'Brexit means Brexit' but with more words and extra clueless, delusional fantasism. 
This is über-cherry picking! Cherry picking on speed riding on pink unicorns swigging Brexit brew kirsch  
Meanwhile, at Brexit  
Friends! Totally inadequate!I want *all* of British industry to up sticks and relocate to Our EU today, and I want them to blame it squarely on Brexit!But when I say this to Leavers, they just laugh and say 'What a sad and embittered loser you are!'Talk about Hate Speech! pic.twitter.com/EVXfdcwUST 
‘The world is watching; change is not to be feared.’ But Brexit is to be feared because so stupid - & the world is aghast! 
Brexit puzzle - When PM promises not to lower regulatory standards to make deal with EU easier is she including those on vacuums, toasters & kettles which many Leavers complain about ? 
Theresa May speech summary. She sees Brexit as the chance to have a new relationship with the EU.  Yup - that bad. 
So basically @theresa_may saying she'll do as soft a Brexit as she can outside single market and customs union - but will leave a future Prime Minister free to go all hard brexit if they fancy it 
.@theresa_may is setting out an ambitious vision for our future partnership with the EU after Brexit. #RoadToBrexit 
I got a new hat because Theresa May says that after Brexit you can smuggle across me at will.  
Theresa May ensuring no hard border in Ireland by a magic technology approach that doesn't yet exist, and by trusting traders to tell the truth. 21 months on and still living in denial with no new ideas. #Brexit 
Theresa May says that the UK will likely follow EU laws after Brexit because diverging from EU standards would means losing our access to the EU markets.All together now... .WHY BREXIT!!#RoadToBrexit #MansionHouseSpeech 
Brexit in one accurate caption  
Tough choices = tory speak for 'you are going to be poorer and probably lose your job - that's the Brexit dividend #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
No border on the island of Ireland.No border in the Irish Sea.So, Prime Minister, where does it go?And there has to be one with the UK is leaving the Common Customs Union and the Single Market?#Brexit #TheresaMay #TheresaMaySpeech 
‘Exactly the same benefits’, they promised. And they lied. Over. And. Over. Again.If that’s not a ‘Brexit test’ that fails the democratic mandate, what is?  
As we leave the EU we do so as one United Kingdom. No part of it will be left behind. @theresa_may is our PM for the whole of our UK and she will not allow Brexit negotiations or anything to damage the integrity of our precious Union of nations  #RoadToBrexit 
At least some honesty at last - she knows that her plan risks jobs and businesses in the UK. #Brexit  
May says that Brexit will reduce access to the single market. Whatever happened to delivering a deal with the "exact same benefits" as we enjoy today? 
"We will not accept the rights of Canada and the obligations of Norway" - PM @Theresa_May outlines vision for #Brexit in Mansion House speech  
Just occurred to me there is no Brexit. There is no European Union. We're in Hell. This is Hell. Endless debate on an utterly intractable problem. It's our punishment for spending time on Twitter. 
#MaySpeech :- No to Norway model (have to follow rules)- No to Canada model (insufficient access to market)So, still hoping for access without obligations!Still fudging the central dilemma of #Brexit : 
With Brexit, Britain will have less respect for human rights not more. #roadtpbrexit 
Theresa May just admitted that we will have reduced access to each other's markets as an inevitable consequence of Brexit.So Brexit WOULD hurt you.#RoadToBrexit 
Mrs May rules out ANY role for ECJ. So impossible, in her Brexit, to stay in Customs Union or Single Market. 
Having had 40 years of blaming the EU, Brexiters still don’t have solution for Brexit. When the EU proposes a workable solution, Brexiters continue to blame the EU. When Brexit happens, Brexiters will continue to blame the EU rather than face up to their own inadequacies. 
Theresa May speaking at Mansion House admitting that in future outside of the single market trade will not be as easy as now - if the PM is saying the #Brexit will call into question economic prosperity, everybody as the right to reconsider @Open_Britain 
‘Our access to each other’s markets will be less than it is now’ - Mrs May accepting that trade is going to be damaged by Brexit 
The PM has set out 5 tests for #Brexit negotiations:Implementing the decision of the British peopleReaching an enduring solutionProtecting our security & prosperityDelivering an outcome consistent with the kind of country we want to beStrengthening the union 
Gibraltar is threatening legal action against the European Union over its decision to grant Spain a veto over the future of the Rock after #Brexit. 
Britain’s oldest conservative think-tank has called on David Mundell to resign as Secretary of State for Scotland. The Bow Group say Mundell’s handling of Brexit has led to a constitutional crisis. 99 Torys Mp,s both current and former belong to the group including Rees Mogg 
I'm not the PM's number one fan, but if you believe in Brexit don't join in with Tony Blair/Corbyn/the EU Commission in attacking her. She's trying to get us a clean Brexit #RoadtoBrexit 
Perhaps the worst thing about Brexit commentary is listening to these speeches. 
Theresa May says any post-Brexit arrangements with the EU must respect the Brexit vote to take back control of "our borders, laws and money" 
Straight up, Theresa May tries to take Corbyn’s Brexit for the many, not the few. But if you truly want to hand control to people, why don’t you let them read your #Impactassessments? Why don’t you pledge our rights in law? #RoadToBrexit 
#MaySpeech "The government I lead will not be led by the privileged few"Really? After the referendum you immediately flirted with becoming a corporate tax haven."Mansion House Speech" 
First rule of all @theresa_may Brexit speeches: platitudes, never specifics 
.@theresa_may: "The agreement we reach with the EU must respect the referendum. It was a vote to take control of our borders, laws and money. And a vote for wider change, so that no community in Britain would ever be left behind again". #RoadToBrexit 
May crossed Westminster-City of London council border for her Brexit street. Just like going from N Ireland in a UK outside EU into a Rep of Ireland in the EU, according to her Foreign Sec stuck in Hungary 
She says she has "listened carefully to all" the views on how to do Brexit. Must have missed the  meeting. 
British Prime Minister Theresa May sets out Brexit stance  
Dear Commentators, Tory and DUP MPs, you cannot say what is acceptable to the people of the north of Ireland on #Brexit. The people voted to remain and that needs to be respected. 
The PM’s 5 Tests for a Brexit Deal:1. Keeping Boris Happy2. Keeping Gove Happy3. Keeping Davis Happy4. Keeping Rees-Mogg Happy5. Keeping the Right-wing Press Happy#brexitspeech 
Brexit broadcasting corporation up to usual tricksOnly giving interviews to brexitersSaying gov desperate for EU to negotiate seriouslyI’m back from meetings with EU officials in BrusselsIt’s the exact opposite+May speech will have demands she won’t get#bbcbias #StopBrexit 
At the end of the day, @jacob_rees_mogg will never amount to anything or achieve anything without the help of others. He is the very epitome of the British elite establishment that cares about nothing other than feathering their own nests - something #Brexit facilitates. 
As an aside, only one other person has ever refused a briefing from me and that, by some incredible coincidence, was @BorisJohnson – and it was made clear to me that if I wrote one, he would not read it. I suppose these #Brexit-ers aren't keen on facts. 
So, @Jacob_Rees_Mogg has had a go at Sir John Major for being part of the European elite because of #Brexit. I think it is probably the time to tell a little story about JRM, how he acts and what people think of him.  Are you sitting comfortably...? 
Britain’s oldest conservative think-tank has called on David Mundell to resign as Secretary of State for Scotland. The Bow Group say Mundell’s handling of Brexit has led to a constitutional crisis which could lead to Theresa May being forced out of office.  
This is an appalling tweet from Nadine Dorries. John Major doesn't think that Brexit is in the best interests of the country he loves. That makes him a patriot. Saying that someone is a "traitor" simply because they have different opinion is a form of bullying.  
Which African went to intervene with Brexit?  
With Theresa May about to set out the government's Brexit position in her speech, the last month has seen a 12 point drop in the proportion of people who think the Conservative's policy on Brexit is clear  
Giving her response to the Prime Minister's Brexit speech, @Peston will be joined live by First Minister of Scotland and @theSNP Leader @NicolaSturgeon. Tune in at 10am on @ITV  
Eighteen months in, I would be delighted to see the first bloody step towards Brexit.  
The UK will refuse to enforce a hard Irish border even in a 'no deal' Brexit, a cabinet minister has said. "If the EU want to put up a border, let them try"  
Tony Blair did a poll on Brexit. He doesn't like the results much so he has totally discarded the results.Tony's world of 'make believe'Enjoy.  
Blair to Brussels: Swallow your pride to stop Brexit  
Brexit voters knew they were voting for an independent country, full stop.  
If Brexit isn’t stopped, this is my view: “Don’t trust the UK  via @prospect_uk 
Ignores the referendum result of 33.5 million people (52% Leave), their own Facebook poll of 170,000 people (66% Leave) but a Twitter poll of 1,800? Yeah, that’s gospel, that is!  #Amateurs 
The prime minister makes her long awaited #RoadToBrexit speech at around 1.30pm today. Here's what she's expected to say. Brexit means Brexit, Brexit means Brexit, Brexit means Brexit, Blah Blah Blah Strong and Stable, Blah Blah Blah  
"Vote Tory to have all powers taken from the Scottish Parliament and given to a bunch of right wing hard Brexit loons occupying Westminster"Says Ruth Davidson 
The Scottish government has agreed to rush an alternative to #Brexit legislation through @ScotParl​ in 3 weeks. 
No one in government seems to know whether @BorisJohnson excuse for not making it to Mansion House, to cheerlead @theresa_may Brexit speech, is that his plane cannot take off or cannot land. Snow is the problem but we don’t know if it’s EU snow or UK snow 
Amazing how the Brexiters who promised Brexit would be easy and cake to eat would be in abundance are now saying they knew all along we wouldn’t be able have all we want or need to maintain same EU trade benefits. HAS THERE EVER BEEN A MORE DISHONEST GOVERNMENT? #bbcdp #MaySpeech 
Theresa May to use her Brexit speech to say 'we can't have everything', This is a  terrible shock. 
The PM’s objectives from Brexit speech in full:•Bring country together•Sort Arsenal defence•Cure Cancer •Discover secret of alchemy•Reconcile Gallagher Brothers 
Let this sink in. Out of 113 MSP's fighting to retain Scotland's Devolved Powers after Brexit, @RuthDavidsonMSP and her @ScotTories voted against a Bill which would help to protect Scotland's powers. Question: Are the Scottish Tories working for Scotland or Westminster? 
Hacks waiting for @theresa_may historic Brexit speech. Collective noun please  
Pro-EU demonstrators handing out cakes ahead of British PM Theresa May’s Brexit speech, saying she wants to be able to “have her cake and eat it” with EU benefits even after Brexit #cbc 
The British people voted for Brexit. They must not be overruled. RT if you agree!  
Brexit vote means we don't give any more money to the EU  
Dutch PM starts speech in Berlin with #Brexit joke: "You had a choice today. You could have listened to a speech in the UK about a future without Europe. Or a speech in Berlin by someone who believes in Europe and wants to talk about the best way to move forward with Europe." 
Brexit without trade deal would open Pandora's box, says CBI chief Drechsler. Up to 90% of UK exports to EU would be hit by export tariffs / non-tariff barriers if no deal is agreed. Hope May & her cabinet spoke to the CBI et al before today's speech! 
Oof, this line in @Raphael_Hogarth's piece here from an anon. EU diplomat - "When Theresa May talks about Brexit, we hear the captain of the Titanic talking about an iceberg that works for everyone"  
Great location for the PM's Road to Brexit speech  
Jacob Rees-Mogg shows his reluctant lapdog @theresa_may the #brexit he wants  
John Major - We're all urged to be patriotic & to get behind #brexit but it's precisely because I'm patriotic that I'm opposed to it... I want the country to be influential not isolated... every serious international body forecast that the UK will be poorer outside the EU#FBPE 
Watch: Outside PM’s final “Road to #Brexit” speech, relocated from the N East to the City because of weather. @Open_Britain offering guests cake to see if they can “have their cake and eat it like #TheresaMay” - the Latvian ambassador Baiba Braže took up the challenge! @euronews 
Why was Tony Blair granted 8 minutes of uninterrupted anti-Brexit airtime this morning?  
Theresa May sets out her 5 Brexit deal tests: Will Rees-Mogg & Farage accept it? Will the Mail give me a good headline? Will Boris understand it? Will the DUP keep me in power? Will the Tory party let me stay on a bit longer? 
Jeremy Corbyn accused of "conspiring" with Michel Barnier to undermine Brexit and force Britain into a customs union  
In Abu Dhabi today @David_Cameron apparently told a conference that we were an unhappy tenant in the EU and must become a friendly neighbour instead ie Brexit must proceed. Why no @BBCNews coverage? 
Mrs May is orating in Mansion House as a guest of the Lord Mayor. When introducing her, I hope he says how strongly the City wants to stay in the Customs Union & the Single Market - & indeed the EU, as Brexit implodes @cityoflondon 
Some Tory voters will accept Jeremy Corbyn becoming prime minister if Brexit can be stopped, says Lord HeseltineTory sinking ship  
So if you're truly honest with yourself.... Isn't it in any way possible that the economic changes brought about by Brexit, might not be all good? 
I'm at Mansion House for Theresa May's big Brexit speech. These @Open_Britain protesters are offering passers-by the chance to both have and eat their cake. But obviously it's London so people keep saying no without breaking their step. 
The EU is making a decent Brexit impossible – but Britain won't tame as easily as Greece. Brilliant piece by @JeremyWarnerUK  
You call it #ProjectFear? OK, Stop me if you disagree:Our economy's laws are mostly made via the EU? So Brexit means a significant economic change? Brexiters call the EU protectionist against outside competition?Brexit puts us outside that protection?  
So Trump just started a trade war with the EU.With no union to protect it, Brexit Britain will become economic collateral damage.#FBPE 
Theresa May is set to announce 5 points this afternoon. And here they are:1. Brexit means Brexit2. Boris hates Phil3. Phil hates Fox4. Fox hates Hunt5. And Hunt is a 
.@MichelBarnier welcome to  Denmark - it is snowing and cold but warm at hearts. Happy to have you as Brexit negotiator for all of us. Safe travel to Thyborøn.  
BBC keeps pulling its punches on Brexit @InFactsOrg 
Cake on offer outside May speech venue thanks to @open_britpress as in “she can’t have cake and eat it” #Brexit  
This is the EU standing up today to the USA on trade.Will the UK be willing or able to do the same thing, alone, after Brexit?#FBPE 
No you didn’t Nigel - you said you were open to a second referendum. Aside from being on tape I was sitting next to you when said it #BrexitLies 
How’s that Labour Party policy of hard Brexit to protect the UK steel industry looking?  
Remember this today when Theresa May calls for us all to "come together" behind her Brexit.She has treated us so far with nothing but contempt.#FBPE 
To those Remainers who won't go near the LibDems because of student loans, I'd say that if you keep on fighting the last war, you are certain to lose this one.#FBPE #Brexit #StopBrexit 
In her Mansion House speech today, Theresa May will finally set out her 5 tests for Brexit success.  
The Prime Minister must not take any measures which would bind the hands of the British Government! Tethering ourselves to EU regulations would NOT be compatible with the Referendum result! 
My thread with @CarolineLucas and @vincecable ahead of Theresa May's speech today. The PM must explain how she plans to deliver the six promises she has made to the public on our future trading relationship, or admit that Brexit in the terms it was sold is undeliverable.  
As one Tory minister told me, May could have made "big, open and comprehensive offer" to MPs on Brexit after she lost her majority. But she acted as if "nothing had changed".  
Feel dirty tweeting this, but it highlights once again that #Brexit is going to be the biggest own goal the Brits have ever scored. Even a cretin like Hopkins can see it. #IrishUnity is coming 
BREXITJohn Major claims Brexit wasn't a valid reflection of the will of the people because only 37% of those registered voted to leave the EU, while 63% either voted to remain or didn't vote at all. Trying to claim all non-voters as being on one side of the argument is pathetic.  
"The time for deceptive rhetoric and outlandish promises is over. There are only two options today: you must explain to the British public how you will deliver on the promises you have made, or come clean that the Brexit you and your ministers have promised is not feasible." 3/ 
"If you back away from them everybody has the right to ask whether the reality of Brexit matches up to what has been promised." 2/ 
It's Corbyn vs Starmer as Labour EU customs union shambles carries on: Labour is prepared to pay undisclosed sum for access to EU customs unionNo set guarantee that UK would have a say in future EU trade deals.Labour Brexit policy still under *active* "development"...  
WATCH: @ChukaUmunna slams Theresa May for failing to provide detail on her Brexit plan, despite Britain being halfway through the Article 50 process. Please RT:  
Having divided the country when she was strong, Theresa May now desperately appeals for Brexit unity because she's weak. 
#MaySpeech: "five tests" of Brexit success ...  
National Grid's squeeze on the supply of natural gas to British industry will cut output by billions of pounds – watch for the Remainers blaming the hit on Brexit when the official stats come out later this year.   
Behold our golden Brexit trade days ahead. #GoingSolo #GlobalBritain. 
Now just 6,000 signatures needed on the petition for Parliament’s vote on the Brexit deal to include an option to #Remain.94k+ have signed - we’re nearly at the 100k target.Please RT, re-share and ask someone to sign to get there: 
When it comes to Brexit, any chance the BBC’s flagship current affairs programme can stop mentioning the war? The media has mentioned it quite a bit and thinks it’s getting away with it  
BREXITAs for Tony Blair's claim that Brexit has reduced our standing in the world, one might have hoped that he would have had a little more insight into what he did by joining the US military adventure in Iraq without a UN resolution or support from an international coalition.  
The government keeps on talking about 'respecting' the referendum vote. Why should anyone respect a vote based on lies, ignorance and a rag-bag of incompatible fantasies and delusions!No-one would respect such rubbish in their workplace.#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit 
For example, we could/can "control our borders" via European Parliament and Council directive 2004/38/EC without the need to Brexit. 
If Scotland was an independent country and a referendum was held to join with England resulting in your Parliament being moved 500 km away Your MP’s to always be an ignored minority.Never get be consulted on the big decisionsWould you vote Yes 
Just to remind everyone, after Brexit the UK will need to renegotiate at least 759 treaties with 168 countries just for Britain to stand still. Via the EU we are already trading with the world. 
The BBC is engaged in an all-out propaganda campaign to undermine Brexit, including giving a platform to Tony Blair:  
The real 'Project fear' of an EU superstate, of immigrants and refugees and Muslims was peddled relentlessly and ruthlessly by the tax-dodging billionaires' #Brexit press. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Remainers moan that inexplicably our industries will be harmed with Brexit. Where is their outrage that Ted Heath deliberately sacrificed and condemned Britain's fishing industry and coastal communities as "expendable" to join...?? 
Not a fucking chance, I will not, no fucking way, zilch, fucking nada. Not until fucking Brexit is a fucking footnote in the book of political fucking disasters. I have one fucking red line, just fucking one and I will not fucking cross it, not even 1mm, no fucking Brexit. Fuck!  
Translated - 'I will dragoon Scotland into my Tory hard Brexit whether it wants it or not'.   
As the prime minister prepares to speak about her vision for Brexit, let’s not forget that every single prime minister since Harold Macmillan - including @theresa_may herself - has supported Britain’s membership. #isitworthit 
With Tories in disarray over Brexit, surely time for @UKLabour to unite against the real enemy: Wes Streeting, Jon Lansman and the Zionist lobby plotters trying to discredit Jennie Formby. 
Absolutley agree with the realism of @DavidJonesMP that the Govt and  @DefraGovUK  must crack on with trialing alternative policy so we have decent UK policy to replace the disastrous CFP on March 2019. Failure to do so suggests govt thinks we're getting Brexit in name only.  
Q for #brexiteers, if you were convicted by a majority verdict in court and it turned out the witnesses told a pack of lies, would you :-A. Accept the will of the democratic vote of the jury?B. Demand a retrial based on the truth?#brexit 
Some Conservative voters will accept Prime Minister Corbyn if Brexit can be stopped, says Lord Heseltine  
Chuckling at Tory supporters saying they'll "move to Germany" (and similar) if Labour get into government.They'd better hope there's a general election before Tory Brexit happens, because they won't be able to move afterwards. 
Dear @theresa_may , let me make this VERY VERY clear - until you stop being a fascist, arrogant, brain-dead psychopathic, deluded lunatic and STOP BREXIT, you can go and shove your insane BS where the sun doesn't shine. YOU have divided the country, it is YOUR FAULT 
Dear @theresa_may . You have enabled Brexit, despite campaigning against it.  Brexit divides everything - except for our unshakeable opposition to it, and I'm afraid you have less than zero authority to ask us to support your cult's suicide pact. We will #Stopbrexit 
If I'm honest, like most people I suppose I just took being European for granted. I was always proud to be British. Since Brexit though, I feel increasingly less proud to be British & ever more determined to be a proud European. Brexit does that to you, doesn't it Mrs May? 
Mrs May wants the country to come together over #Brexit.Remainers say#StopBrexitSaveBritain#FBPE #StopBrexit #ExitBrexit #Brexit Reality #BrexitShambles 
No 10’s customs union claim is another delusional Brexit falsehood | Miriam González Durantez  
Jacob Rees-Mogg tells @bbcnickrobinson 'the Government would fall' if it were to agree to the draft Brexit treaty. Hear more in #politicalthinking, available later  SUBSCRIBE NOW:  // iTunes:  
If we think the Irish border is difficult, wait until Brexit talks get on to Gibraltar: Sean O'Grady @IndyVoices 
Excellent by Tory peer Ros Altmann on how Brexit could break up the UK  
Britain wouldn’t be divided if the Tory government had put national interest ahead of party squabbling before this Brexit shambles started. They have done more to divide our country than any government in history.  
"It is clear that the British Government approach to Brexit, once thought of as disorganised has been exposed as destructive” - Sinn Féin leader (& former GUE/NGL MEP!) @MaryLouMcDonald will be in Brussels for Brexit talks with @MichelBarnier on Monday.  
Goldman Sachs & Globalist Fascist puppet Mark Carney falsely claims that #BrExit has led to "lower than expected wages" when almost every Corporate CEO encourages mass immigration because it helps lower their wage costs to increase their profits, at the expense of ordinary Brits.  
The Brexit referendum in a nutshell:Q: What's your favourite colour?1: Green2: Not Green52% voted for "Not Green".The Tories and Labour say the 52% all voted for the same colour.Whilst ignoring the 48% who DID all vote for Green.#FBPE#ABTV 
A majority of the public want the EU to get on with it so we can complete Brexit. Increasingly the travellers in the car are asking “Are we there yet?”. Instead we're told we are still stuck in a traffic jam in London w/ arguments going on as to the best route to our destination. 
Goldman Sachs & Bilberberg puppet Mark Carney says that all the scare stories pushed by the Banking Elites about #BrExit haven't worked, so he's going to try yet another new angle, to try & fool the ignorant uninformed masses.  
If every person quoting @DanielJHannan on how good a US trade deal wld be for post #brexit UK would just read this one tweet then, maybe, just maybe, we’d have a clearer understanding of what this will means for us.....  
It's worth reminding older Leamoaners that even if you do get your Brexit, it won't be what you wanted, expected or voted for. When we rejoin, which we will, we won't have the deal we do now, we will sign up to the Euro, Schengen, & probably an EU Army. I hope you live to see it. 
Coming up this week on Political Thinking podcast @Jacob_Rees_Mogg (looking relaxed at home in snowbound Somerset) on his favourite trash TV,  having a biscuit with Ted Heath aged 3, what Moggtopia looks like, whether he’s the Tories Corbyn and, oh yes, Brexit.  
The Prime Minister’s five #Brexit tests would require us to join the customs union & single market. She has ruled that out so today’s speech is PR. We will end up with no deal with this approach.  
Michael Gove’s vision of farming in UK after Brexit ignores uncomfortable realities over future of farming subsidies, access to foreign markets & labour.  It'd be better for UK to continue driving reform of EU’s Common Agricultural Policy from within EU  
Tony Blair & John Major have formed an absurd double act to thwart Brexit  
She’s a deluded fantasist Jesus Wept..Theresa May Brexit Speech today promising the ‘Worlds Best Trade Deal’ the ‘WORLDS BEST!!!’ meanwhile Tory Britain 2018 people are sleeping in tents dying on the streets as the Govt can’t be bothered to help!!!  
The Scottish Government’s rebel Brexit bill passed its first parliamentary hurdle yesterday. 
Sadly so far I have seen no evidence at all of HMG accommodating the Remainers who most probably constitute more than 48% electorate and certainly do if you include the 3 million disenfranchised EU citizens who will have a right to remain in UK Post Brexit. SM&CU is the solution!  
Before the Referendum Siemens was regularly wheeled out to warn of the dangers of voting to Leave the EU. Funny old world.  
Wee reminder UK blocked EU nationals from voting on Brexit yet ScotGov made sure they could vote on IndyrefWho do you think are the narrow minded Nationalists? 
Less than a year ago, Theresa May promised the Brexit trade deal would offer the “same benefits” as we have now. Expect her to break that promise in today’s speech. 
Hello @afneil. A big day for Mrs May & government regarding Brexit but can you please squeeze in some acknowledgement & celebration of the fact - WE ARE NOW RUNNING A BUDGET SURPLUS  on todays #bbcdp #financialtimes #brexit  
The Bank of England has warned that economic uncertainty caused by the Brexit vote will knock 5% off UK wage growth by the year end.  
My five tests for any Brexit deal:1. It must be a good deal.2. A bad deal is unacceptable.3. It must be the best deal available4. It must not create a “Mad Max Style dystopia”5. It must involving leaving the European Union. 
As Brexit reaches the final stages we see Remain pile on the pressure, their last hope to overturn democracy and a majority who want out of the EU. It assumes that those who voted Leave are feeble, but the bravest act was to reject Brussels and seek a new future yet to be created 
The UK has never been stopped from trading outside of the EU, that is why ~50% of UK trade is outside the EU.To say #Brexit will open up new markets is fantasy. Just ask any former trade minister or captains of industry. They haven't been sitting on their hands for 40 years 
WATCH: @ChukaUmunna on how the Government's own economic analysis rubbishes Theresa May's Brexit plans. Please RT:  
Special Uncensored today @ 14:30, full reaction to Theresa May’s Brexit speech.See you then!  
Theresa May's five tests of Brexit success she will set out in her Mansion House speech today  
Honest question for Corbyn supporters who believe he will stop Brexit at the 11th hour- what's the plan if he doesn't?Please don't respond to this with telling me I need to believe in him. This is a sincere, serious question raised between adults. 
This morning's @ScotNational column, wargaming Theresa May's predicament in the wake of the Scottish and Welsh governments' Brexit continuity Bills. Short version? It ain't pretty.  
War Criminal Blair pleads with EU leaders to stop Brexit by changing free movement laws  
You’ve just spent the last 18 months pandering to the extreme Brexit wing of your own party as they called everyone who held a dissenting opinion traitors, while you went full on into “crush the saboteurs” mode but yeah, sure, let’s all come back together Theresa, great idea.  
Theresa May should stop the vague meaningless platitudes and deliver a Brexit for jobs, say opposition politicians. 
THERESA MAY: “Our Brexit deal will be the most bespoke deal the world has ever seen. No-one knows bespoke deals like me. My government is very smart. They have all the best bespoke stuff. You’re going to be bored of all the bespoke we have.” 
Prof. Chris McCrudden on misleading assertions that Brexit will not affect the Belfast (Good Friday) Agreement:  
EU leaders working the Irish border issue harder than a Haitian hooker at Oxfam. Resist the narrative. The EU deliberately working a divisive line. Major and Blair prepped to push the divisive narrative & STOP BREXIT 
Superb thread on Brexit tactics, from @JenniferMerode 
Good advice. @Jacob_Rees_Mogg would be a tremendous asset in the Brexit process. I would pay to see him debate Tusk  
Granite Brexit needed.  
MUST-READ: Can Theresa May set out a viable Brexit vision? If not Labour is ready. @Keir_Starmer writes for the @guardian RT to share. 
THE EU & SOUTH AFRICA - "Money, murder, & hypocrisy" Part 1 of a special #Brexit Facts4EU investigation:  The full series is dynamite. 
According to the papers one of Theresa May's 5 tests for Brexit deal: "Ensuring a modern, open, outward-looking, tolerant, democracy." Hope she will firmly and unequivocally call out the use of terms like "traitor" and questioning the patriotism of people who disagree with Govnt. 
My thoughts on journalism, Brexit and the ‘bonkers’ aspects of my job in conversation with @mediamasters_fm 
#TheresaMay #speech on #brexit today will again parrot the line “take control of our borders, laws and money".  But #BrexitReality is the opposite: 
.@MaryLouMcDonald will be talking with @PatKennyNT at 10am. Topics for discussion include Brexit, the political situation in the North and Mary Lou’s plans for the future of Sinn Féin. Tune in!  
Brexit can be stopped, says Charlie Mullins as he joins forces with Vince Cable | talkRADIO  via @talkRADIO Another Tory donor walks away over Brexit 
Theresa May to set out five key tests for Brexit success in major speech | Corbyn accused of "conspiring" with Barnier to undermine Brexit | Cabinet minister says UK won't enforce hard Irish border even in 'no deal' Brexit  
14. For EU, Brexit means fitting UK into existing rules, not creating a new rule book. If Theresa May continues to ask for a Brexit deal the EU is not willing to offer, likely to help keep EU together.//// 
13. That is why the EU has not had a debate on Brexit.  EU view (understandable) ‘UK voted, so why should we work out what it means’. Tactically EU in stronger position if the UK is a demandeur, forced to spell out what it wants and confront fantasy claims and contradictions. 
“Brexit was a vote for greater democratic control. It was a vote to leave the institutions that hamper our democratic decision-making. That means leaving the Single Market, leaving the Customs Union, and leaving the ECJ. It’s that simple.”Brendan O’Neill on #SkyPapers 
My timeline is ticking over with reminiscences of awkward moments in people’s lives that nonetheless have left them feeling more embarrassed than David Cameron seems to be about the consequences of the referendum. Thank you and feel free to keep them coming. 
I once told (unknowingly) PJ Proby that he had died years ago when he came in to HMV Oxford Street to ask if we had the new PJ Proby single. That memory still causes me more embarrassment than the referendum seems to be causing Diddy David Cameron. 
The lack of realism displayed by the EU this week was truly breathtaking. It would be irresponsible to assume the negotiations will reach a satisfactory conclusion. The Government must be prepared, deal or no deal, says former Brexit minister @DavidJonesMP 
I agree. At no stage has Theresa May done anything but further promote and deepen the divisions caused by Brexit.I, for one, will never forget or forgive her jibe that citizens of Europe were "citizens of nowhere" 
In 40 years the EU countries' share of world trade has shrunk from 1/3rd to 1/6th!Why on earth would we choose to shackle ourselves to this failing experiment for another 40 years?#Brexit 
The EU is making a decent Brexit impossible – but Britain won't tame as easily as Greece  via @telebusiness 
BBC's Brexit Bias is Mainstream Perception of the Public  
Yes to Hezza, yes to Major, let’s hope it gives today’s Conservative MPs the confidence to speak upBrexit is unpatriotic.Test the will of the people on the terms.  
Jeremy Corbyn has been meeting with Eurocrats including Michel Barnier. Is he seeking to undermine Brexit? 
Said men who:* Increased National Debt by 53%* Axed 20,000 police officers* Cut council funding by 40% * Slashed social care by £4.6b* Doubled the number of rough sleepers* Promised a EU referendum to see off UKIP, lost it & then...* Walked away...  
So, we weren’t told before EU Referendum that a “Leave” vote meant leaving the CU & SM. Really?....pic.twitter.com/syVDWK4FwN 
WATCH: All across the country, pro-Europeans are coming together to campaign against a hard & destructive Brexit. We're stronger when we're together. Please RT:  
What is today's Brexit speech going to be called, after the 'Lancaster House speech and the 'Florence speech'? The snowdrift speech?  The lost somewhere in a blizzard speech? 
London Tory Party members imbedded in Holyrood to hinder the Scottish Government mitigating Scotland from the worst of Brexit Now saying they will back legal action in the courts to prevent our elected Government acting to Protect Scotland They should be ashamed of themselves  
Curious to know how the PM intends to meet her 3rd test - that the deal "must protect people's jobs and security" - when her Govt's own leaked analysis says UK will be worse off after Brexit under every scenario, especially if we leave the Single Market. 
Looking forward to Theresa May's speech on Brexit later today, where she will clearly laid out her party's plans in detail. Just like she did last time and the time before and the time before that... 
Theresa May's big speech today ... I wonder what the EU are thinking right now !Tell them to take or leave it Theresa !#Brexit #LeaveEU #Leave @theresa_may @Conservatives 
Two things that should be asked of any politician advocating Brexit: 1. What definite, material benefit will the average British household see within two years of leaving the EU?2. What will be the consequences for you personally if that prediction does not come about? 
Special edition of the @daily_politics today to cover the Prime Minister’s Brexit Speech. BUT we’re on at a different time from 13.30-14.30. Join me then 
There is one word I keep hearing again and again and again re Brexit .... mess. Thankfully there’s still time to clear it up 
Today’s @wittertainment may well be delayed because of racing from Brexit 
"Britain’s misfortune is that matters of the greatest seriousness are now in the hands of basically unserious people."A superb critique of the sorry state of British politics and how we ended up with the shambles of Brexit. Worth reading. 
I keep going to start a "here's where we are now with Brexit" article, but it's basically this:  
Brexit will rob Heseltine of £900,000 not to grow crops. We cannot let that happen to the poor old git. 
"strong and stable", "will of the people", "brexit means brexit". The more inane the mantra, the more often it gets repeated. 
Iain Duncan Smith: “Theresa May’s Brexit speech will embarrass the EU which has behaved unbelievably badly and there is a panic about what’s going to happen when the UK leaves.”@JuliaHB1 |  
On @BBCr4today, Labour shadow Brexit secretary Keir Starmer firmly rules out this week's EU proposal on Northern Ireland: "Theresa May is absolutely right about that...I don't see that any PM could agree to it..I agree with her: It's simply not a road that we could go down." 
The real thing that’s jeopardising #brexit is the endless stalling by vainglorious remainders like hestletine, Blair, major et all who more about their so called ‘legacies’ than democracy. Oh, and the BBC giving them endless airtime. #r4today 
Wow Michael Hesseltine just said on R4 he will consider voting Labour as it has a better position on Brexit. 
Michael Heseltine is asked in @BBCr4today if he would vote for Labour because of Brexit, because it’s “country over party.”Consider what that would be. Voting for Corbyn.Heseltine said “that is the essence of it, yes.” 
Unite around my nutter’s version of Brexit, May tells Britain  pic.twitter.com/7SZfdZWNlF 
1. Dance like nobody’s watching2. Love like you’ve never been hurt3. Sing like nobody’s listening4. Live like it’s heaven on earth5. Brexit means Brexit  
Former Deputy Prime Michael Heseltine becomes the latest Conservative to call for a free vote in Parliament and a public vote on the #Brexit deal on @BBCr4today just now 
1.Today's speech by May, a thread.Today we have yet another speech by the UK prime minister on Brexit.It is is one year on from the Article 50 notification, and it is coming up to two years since the referendum.BBC news just told us it will be a "blue print for Brexit". 
Think it's pretty ridiculous that the UK seems to be conducting Brexit negotiations entirely by political speeches when the EU is actually using legal documents and data. It's like replying to emails with smoke signals 
Ruth refused to apologise for saying SGov Brexit impact statement was 'scaremongering' claiming it was worst case scenario.  There were 3 scenarios exactly same as UK. Sgov estimates were lower estimates of damage! All brexit scenarios worse than full membership #gms 
Chris Grayling on #BBCR4Today: “If we are outside the European Union it really doesn’t make sense to have another political entity deciding all of our future trade arrangements”. So why should a political entity in London decide Scotland’s future trade arrangements? #Brexit 
PREVIEW: May to say UK must have control of borders, laws and money in big Brexit speech at 13.30 today.But will she have the bottle to threaten to walk away? 
On Theresa May's fifth "test", why should it be the EU's responsibility to help strengthen the internal unity of the UK?  If Brexit Means Brexit, our internal affairs are none of the EU's business, surely? 
I once met Mariella Frostrup’s sister and accidentally called her Mariella. That was 23 years ago and I think the memory of that moment still causes me more embarrassment than the cataclysmic consequences of the referendum seem to be causing David Cameron. 
NEWSFLASH: May makes a big speech full of meaningless platitudes, I dare her to give a detailed plan A and plan B for the NI border. Otherwise she might as well just stand up and say Brexit means BBQs, Badgers and Barnacles. Blah blah blah  
"Brexit on the terms that it was promised - that we can have our cake & eat it - is not deliverable."MUST-READ by Lord Mandelson on nobody voted for this Brexit mess: (£)  
The true five tests for Brexit.1. What parliament will pass.2. What EU 27, and especially Ireland, will accept.3. Which has to be in place by the end of transition in December 2020.4. Which can be agreed in outline by March 2019.5. Which corresponds with reality. 
Nigel Farage - "Sorry, John Major is wrong. We are a great country, we have voted for #Brexit because we believe in governing our country and making our own way in the world. Don’t know about can’t, the word is can."  
FARAGE: Brexit Britain voted to become independent - full stop!  
A few Remainers told me yesterday that Brexit cannot be stopped.Why can't it?If enough people want it, it could be stopped tomorrow, this democracy belongs to us, the people should have a say in the future of our nation.#FinalSayForAll#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Despite dire brexit warnings  
As John Major just pointed out there is a most important sixth test I would put first: would 'The Deal' make people and our services poorer than Remaining in the EU?If so, the referendum was clearly a con and must be revisited by Parliament or People in light of this vital fact 
"They just want to shut dissenting voices up for long enough that they can bully Brexit through." I'm afraid this hits the nail on the head.  
Theresa May's big #Brexit speech - still living in a fantasy world and still trying to fool the British people.  
"We voted for independence, we might not have known the ins and outs of what it was, but we voted for independence. Don’t then take that power from the people." #Brexit #bbcqt 
There will be no resolution to this unless (a) Parliament has a free vote or (and now better) (b) there is another referendum on the FACTS not fantasies. I’ll abide by that outcome, whatever it is. “Theresa May urges Britain to 'come back together'  
1. I pay no respect to a corrupted vote2. It won't endure - if we leave the EU, we campaign to re-join3. It will damage jobs and security4. Brexit is inherently insular5. Two of the four UK countries voted Remain and one has been imperilled by Brexit  
Sorry @UKLabour You lost the plot when you nominated Corbyn, a conviction Europhobe, no doubt thinking it didn't matter because he wouldn't win. Sounds like the mistake Cameron made with the referendum. I'm voting Remain in the May local elections. It's time our voice is heard 
Why do you guys at SKY NEWS keep giving Tony Blair so much credence for his comments and passions on BREXIT! He is not the recreation of the Almighty! Why not talk to  CURRENT  REMAINER politicians? 
Tony Blair has told Sky News he now believes there is a 50% chance Brexit will not happen  
A partnership of equals? "The UK government is expected to mount an immediate legal challenge at the supreme court if the Scottish parliament votes for its own emergency powers over Brexit." 
She has lost integrity over red lines on Irish Borders. From the very beginning she gave no thought to the consequence of #Brexit. Mrs #May is a puppet and her far right pals are playing her like a fiddle. EU losing patience. #A50CHALLENGE #FBPE 
Brexit Britain increasingly in favour of free trade with the rest of the world.  
Sorry but, I never voted for you, Therefore you do not represent me. Is that clear enough for you?May stokes row with Sturgeon over Brexit saying it is "my duty" to represent all UK  
Sadly for Theresa May, no amount of excruciating waffle can alter the fact that Brexit fails the only test that really matters - is Brexit actually worth it?To proceed with Brexit regardless is absolute lunacy. 
PM’s Big Brexit speech in London at 130pm... she will set “five tests” of the Brexit deal 1. Respect the referendum2. An agreement that endures3. Protect jobs and security4. Consistent with open outward-looking European democracy5. Strengthen the union  
Excited to be getting, er, slightly less wine after Brexit because that's what Churchill liked apparently  
Theresa May Brexit Speech today promising the ‘Worlds Best Trade Deal’ the ‘WORLDS BEST!!!’ meanwhile Tory Britain 2018 people are sleeping in tents dying on the streets as the Govt can’t be bothered to help!!! 
"Citizen of nowhere""Enemies of the people""Traitors""Fascists""Remoaners""Brexit deniers"Just some of the words used to describe over 20 million people. Our numbers grow every day yet you continue to ignore us. I will never get behind you or #brexit#WeNeedTheGFA #FBPE 
Our rights to EU citizenship are worth fighting for – despite Brexit. Me, for @guardian. 
Remember that "The Whole Point of Brexit Is So We Can Strike Better Trade Deals With The US" thing?  
Seriously? Increase in homelessness, nurses using food banks, underfunding in the #nhs. Have you no shame?The only right thing you did 'Dave' was resign. Then again, you left us with the parting shot of #brexit too  
May urges Britain “to come back together.” Disgraceful - the mess we’re in was caused by Tories dumping their own internal Euro divisions in the rest of country. Better she starts standing up against her own Brexit extremists for the good of UK. 
The PM's making a speech on Brexit tonight, which is likely to be more fanciful hot air. If we're serious about leaving the EU, safeguarding UK jobs and avoiding a hard border in N. Ireland, it's clear only Labour has a realistic position, which I outline in this interview ↓  
Theresa May to set out five tests she says any (Brexit) deal must meet:1. Boris must agree2. Gove must agree3. Rees-Mogg must agree 4. Paul Dacre must agree5. Rupert Murdoch must agree#r4today 
She doesn't mean come together, she means everyone blindly get behind this extreme brexit without pointing out the fundamental flaws. Well, @theresa_may I will not get behind #Brexit which makes this country poorer, makes people feel unwelcome & takes away mine and other's rights 
I’m interested by Theresa May’s forthright response to Barnier’s Brexit proposal.  Could she just possibly be growing a backbone?  If so, it’s about time.  A year wasted so far. 
The shadow Brexit secretary, Keir Starmer says Boris Johnson's comments on the UK/Ireland post-Brexit border are 'ridiculous'. He says: 'We owe it to the people in Northern Ireland to find a solution that does not mean a hard border.'  
For a "Canadian", you follow a lot of UK Manchester United fans and Brexit supporters. Cough.  
Theresa May is urging "Britain" to "come back together" - having allowed her pack of rabid dogmatists to rip it apart. The Referendum result is only "The End of the Beginning" - Darker Hours loom... 
May sets out five-point Brexit ultimatum  Surprise, surprise, looks like we're about to get another delusional wish list from May with no detail. 
Friday's Datawatch: Some 14% of Northern Ireland’s small businesses — around 6,900 companies — export to the Republic of Ireland. Adding in exports from 517 bigger operations, £3.4bn is sent across the border each year — a trade that is crucial for Brexit negotiations.  
I’m just a dumb American but couldn’t Cameron have stayed on to interpret the referendum as a mandate for a soft Brexit, respecting both the majority and the closeness of the result?  His resignation seemed to me to escalate Brexit from a  protest vote to a suicide pact. 
When your Brexit doesn't deny our children the privileges we enjoyed, we'll listen. When you apologise for calling us "citizens of nowhere", we'll listen. When your policies respect the dignity of our friends, colleagues and partners, we'll listen. When.  
#RoadToBrexit The referendum was “a vote for wider change, so that no community in Britain would ever be left behind again” May will say, apparently.What? Really WTAF?It was a vote about to leave the EU or not. 
Battered May forced to switch today’s Brexit speech from Newcastle to London’s a sign of storms ahead for a PM pushed about not leading. Discussing on @GMB with @wallaceme 
If @paulwaugh is right and these are May’s 5 #Brexit ‘tests’, I don’t know whether to  or . You can’t actually test those. And even if you could, what then? No Brexit?(Link via @ryobi) 
To @theresa_may and the @Conservatives party at LargeNo We Will Not Come Together Over Brexit EverYou saw fit to totally ignore 16m + people in chasing hard Brexit.We the remainers say you can go swivel on it! 
One thing brexit has done. It has proven the arrogance of MPs and Lords of this country and how much they do not respect the voice of the people. They are all in it for themselves. Would not trust any one of them to boil my kettle never mind run the country. 
War Criminal blithely announces there is now "a 50% chance Brexit won't happen". A 50% chance the largest popular electoral mandate in UK history will be sabotaged by sneering globalists like War Criminal. Weep for democracy... 
“WE DIDN'T REALLY APPRECIATE THE MACHINATIONS”Brexit Bad Boy @andywigmore gave me an exclusive account of the truth about  ahead of his upcoming appearance at the Fake News Inquiry with @arron_banks Via @Byline_Media 
No @bbclaurak I won't move on, after @theresa_may speech. I voted #Brexit with incomplete and bad information and I want a 2nd Referendum, where I will vote #Remain I also intend to vote for the most pro Remain party at the next general election. Be warned Mrs May #FBPE 
Gov still hasn't worked out EU's position that Brexit is The UK's problem.The UK must provide the solution within the democratic framework of EU that we currently inhabit.Parliament must have a free vote with option to Remain. What is the point of being Poorer? Weaker? 
The Sun sneakily removes 'Brexit Bargains' article after being told it was an utter pack of lies | Evolve Politics  
The British are coming to the #SouthChinaSea, and it's about time  | via @julianku#Brexit 
Outside of the Brexit, If you've only been trading for less than ten years, THIS is your first rodeo! Volatilty separates then men from the boys on who knows what they are doing. 500 point plus swings during the day, you can make what used to take you a year in a day 
Add HGVs going about their business to Westminster, Tories, Brexit, England and no ‘levers of power’ to Nicola’s excuse list for her governments appalling failures. @Ian_Burnett_ @mik61scot @cultfree54 @Del_ivered @AgentP22 @lass_ayrshire @2351onthelist @BRRSC @athomsonkinross 
John Major, a summary:Took us into the ERMTook us out of the ERMIn the process spanked the economy and crippled businessCheated on his wife with a mess.Signed Maastricht Treaty without a referendumLed his party to a defeat so profound it took 13 years to overcome. 
Well what a coincidence:26 Feb - Corbyn says Labour would stay in EU customs union28 Feb - Major makes speech bashing Brexit28 Feb - Barnier says Northern Ireland will have to stay in the customs unionIt's almost like it was coordinated, surely not. 
So many times before the UK has been threatened, talked down & said we cannot make it alone. Time & time again we have proven everyone wrong from Napoleon to Wilhelm to Hitler. Brexit will succeed & the EU will soon realise we won’t be beaten  
Amnesty warn the Tories will use Brexit to harm human rights - internationally  via @MidWalesMike 
I remember not so long ago this very same person used the word saboteurs when speaking-about remainers. Interesting how reality changes things. #brexit  
The real problem with #Brexit is that nobody can have respect for a gerrymandered referendum result based on lies and deceptions. @theresa_may and her cabinet must acknowledge and respect what is now the majority who want to #StopBrexit.#Brexit is illegal #A50Challenge 
“This extreme Brexit could break up the UK.It’s time for the PM to lead our wonderful country away from the cliff-edge, rather than edging ever closer to it.”- Tory peer @rosaltmannMPs and peers of all parties need to work together to #StopBrexit. 
Brexit democracy versus real democracy   
Update please. I know whenever I have challenged a Brexiter for a Brexit benefit, there is no response. I was wondering if any one has had more success than me? Anyone? Even one, just one benefit? Anyone? 
Betamax8 trackSinclair C5MiniDiscAustin AllegroWindows ME3D TVsFondue setChris Evans on Top GearLike Brexit, all the above seemed like a good idea at the time, all expensive and short lived failures, either financially or to reputation and credibility. 
Brexit: hell on earth - Quite what the "colleagues" will make of Mrs May's speech, I really wouldn't like to think. Trying to negotiate with this woman must be the closest thing one can get to hell on earth. Death would be a relief...  #Brexit.  
Nigel Farage, the Bad Boy of Brexit. He’s So Bad. He’s Just the Worst Boy Ever. He Fucking Sucks. Nigel Farage, the Suck-Ass Piece-of-Shit Boy of Brexit pic.twitter.com/89o2trBYOp 
These 65 Brexit hardliners, as you call them, that you reckon @theresa_may doesn't need to listen to @leicesterliz , happen to be the only MP's who are representing the 17.4 million who voted to Leave the EU #bbctw 
The argument that stopping Brexit is only half of it (what would remaining look like?) is addressed at greater & considerably more erudite length by Robert Tombs (a topic he addressed in his UCL talk with Sir Richard Aikens). 
It always strikes me how, since May 2015, when Brexit got onto the agenda, the British government has achieved *nothing*. Not a policy, not a reform, not a change of any relevance. Three years flushed down the drain, and no end in sight to the politics of inertia. 
Adrian has set @ChrisMasonBBC a challenge based on one of tonight's #bbcqt questions...Can he explain what has happened in the last 616 days of #Brexit?  
Well you could start with all the £billions money we pay in as a net contributor, which we could use for the NHS or anything else for that matter. #Brexit 
Theresa May will promise to put jobs protection at heart of Brexit deal  
This Brexit Tory plant got all his lines right! Well done fella! Keep the lies going about this being for “the people”  
Theresa May's 5 Brexit tests for the Brexit agreement:(Thread) 
Brexit is not 'The Will Of The People'. It's The Will Of The Deliberately Mis-Informed.Stopping Brexit is in our National Interest, failure to do so will be a betrayal of the informed.#IsItWorthIt #StopBrexit #FBPE 
I do not like that Nigel FarageI no not like him by an inch or a yardI don't want his brexit soft or hardI would rather have some Belgian fromageAnd lock that cowardly fascist in the .... prison.... that last bit doesn't rhyme, but it's applicable. 
What Theresa May will NOT say tomorrow !"Listen up folks - I'm TOTES hacked off with this PESKY #Brexit malarky - it's a load of old COBBLERS - you've all been sold a pup - so I'm pulling the plug innit"#WishfulThinking 
Tony Blair: "If I was leader now, I'd be hammering the Tories on the destructive impact of Brexit."  No you wouldn't, you'd be dropping bombs on some random Middle Eastern country. 
Way to go BC! The engagement to help shape the referendum on how BC votes collected more input than any public engagement in the province's history with over 88,000 completed questionnaires.  #bcpoli @govTogetherBC 
The Tories have closed down the Levenson enquiry. There is no Part Two. YET. There will be. It will be on Brexit. I don't know when, but it will happen. I just hope that enough of you will be alive to be publicly held to account for destroying our country  
Brexiters spew lies, misinformation and deceit like a binge drinker in Magaluf. They prey on fears and prejudices and claim democracy as their own, whilst denying it to others. I will never subscribe to the Brexit ethos. 
I loathe Brexit with every fibre of my being. 
What are you defining as a 'hard remainer'? Do you just mean anyone who thinks Brexit is stupid, and you want to be rude about it? Or do you mean people (like me) who don't see the problem with Schengen and the Euro and don't see why it would be a 'punishment' for the UK? 
Anyone thinking that Brexit will bring investment to UK regions is in for a nasty shock. #Cornwall, for instance, has benefited greatly from EU investment. Scant chance that this will be replaced by a cash-strapped & utterly London-centric Westminster government. #bbcqt 
BBC News - Blair on Brexit: We should 'undo' this 'historic mistake'  
The best and perhaps biggest benefit to #Brexit is that it casts grandees like Major &, Blair into the dustbin of history - and makes an irrelevance of even the current crop of politicians. When we have left the EU this sorry bunch are toast and a new chapter begins. 
#NigelFarage: If #Brexit gets betrayed, there will be a new coming together and a new party in #British #politics. Of that, I've got no doubt whatsoever!"  Interesting...  #BBC #SKY #LBC @ConHome @CCHQPress @Conservatives #ConservativeParty @theresa_may 
Are actually saying that remain are lefties? Oh my... that’s how we got in this pickle.Brexit is not right or left... it’s bigger than that!  
So fracking & Brexit is great #dysbrexia 
#bbcqt @Nigel_Farage contradicting himself, it’s wrong to go against the “will of the people” over #brexit but not about #fracking showing his true #Tory values 
So Mr. Kenneth Clarke patronisng the British public by opining that Brexit was "too complicated" for a public vote.Kenenth Clarke is a disgusting man! The epitome of the political elite. 
If #bbcqt had you tearing your hair out tonight over Brexit might we suggest a subscription to The New European?   
#bbcqt Brexit is a betrayal whatever happens. If we remain, we betray the small majority, if we leave, we betray our youth who voted overwhelmingly to remain, plus the very smaller half of everyone else.Given that, the decision should be the least damaging option. #Remain 
WATCH | @Nigel_Farage: "If Brexit gets betrayed, there will be a new coming together and a new party in British politics. Of that, I've got no doubt whatsoever!" Interesting... #BBCQT 
.@MichelleDewbs on #BBCQT made a very good point.@jeremycorbyn’s decision to stay in the Customs Union has betrayed those @uklabour voters who voted for #Brexit.  
About that Brexit bill... EU splurges £10.6M so students can travel across Europe FOR FREE  
I hope Brexit voters in Northen England will remember millionaire former commodities broker Nigel Farage suggesting citizens are looking a gift horse in the mouth by rejecting fracking. #bbcqt 
Hear, Hear ... This audience member and Kenneth Clarke, are the only two people who've spoken a word of sense tonight!! #bbcqt #Brexit  
The BBC has made a mess of tonight's Question time - seems like they have real people in the audience who support Brexit - some producer will get the sack for this or at least lose their performance related pay rise. 
Farage loves the will of the people when they want Brexit like he does, but when they oppose fracking which he supports suddenly the people are morons being guided by evil campaigners...the hypocrisy is galling. #bbcqt 
Brilliant point raised in @bbcquestiontime, the UK had control of its immigration, it did not need #Brexit.The UK is not in #Schengen area and #FoM allows you to restrict EU immigration. If you want to. The UK did not. #bbcqt 
The @Conservatives, with the DUP, have a majority in the Commons. That everyone wants to make it about @jeremycorbyn is rather telling! The simple fact is this: Tories are responsible for #Brexit entirely and they are IN power, “negotiating”. Get angry with them. #bbcqt 
"The people voted for what they wanted - so don't remove that power from the people". This Remain supporter says the referendum result must be respected. #bbcqt 
My recurring conclusion from these utterly tedious #Brexit debates on #bbcqt, where people surmise on why people voted Remain or Leave, is that it was fatuous to expect such a complex question to be boiled down to two binary answers. That's why referendums aren't that democratic. 
Gentleman in the #BBCQT audience on @UKLabour’s ‘disgraceful’ #Brexit flip flopping and the need for #Labour leadership 
How could people know what they were voting for in Brexit? ...  when the implications of are unfolding monthly, weekly, daily. #bbcqt 
Glad I didn’t tune in to #bbcqt. I see lies are still being told & @UKLabour still being blamed.To be clear: THE @CONSERVATIVES, WITH THE DUP, HAVE A MAJORITY! TORIES ARE *IN* POWER. THEY ARE “NEGOTIATING”. #BREXIT BELONGS ENTIRELY TO THEM! 
#NigelFarage: Every single major player of that referendum said that if we #voteLeave we are leaving the #SingleMarket & by implication the #CustomsUnion. Unless we leave we will not be able to go global and get the benefits that ought to come from #Brexit  
Dimbleby: "Nigel Farage, you once flirted with the idea of a second referendum..."Farage: "No I didn't. I said I *feared* a second referendum"Roll tape...  
#Switzerland holds referendum on compulsory license fee.I wonder what the result of such a referendum in #Ireland, would be? @deeforbes_dee?I support t idea of an impartial state broadcaster as a tool of safeguarding #Democracy, but that's far from the govt spin that is #RTE. 
"We are urged to be patriotic and get behind Brexit. But it is precisely because I am patriotic that I oppose it"Wise words from former @Conservatives Prime Minister John Major which echo why millions of people around the UK continue to campaign to remain in the EU. #FBPE 
This is how far things have sunk. A sports presenter on #bbcqt saying we should have referendums every week, as weekly voting works for X-Factor. Yet he doesn't think there should be a 2nd referendum 
It's worth remembering that 'Sir' John Major receives a £1 million salary every year to act as an arms dealer for the Carlyle Group, so he's certainly got a vested interest in keeping the UK in the EU. Also let's not forget his refusal to give a referendum on Maastricht #bbcqt 
The EU referendum was a vote on hunches, emotions and a total absence of facts.Therefore, for true democratic accountability, we need a #FinalSay referendum on the actual deal. Basically, a first referendum on the actual details.#bbcqt 
Nigel Farage: "Anyone here who voted Brexit, you're thick. You're stupid." Well that's an unbelievable u-turn from the ex-Ukip man. Shocking scenes in the studio. #bbcqt 
Nigel Farage "I didn't say I wanted a second referendum" ...#bbcqt 
Ken Clarke rallying to support John Major. Quelle surprise #bbcqt Sad losers sticking together out to subvert Brexit 
.@michelledewbs says the Brexit process has fallen victim to politicians trying to point score and gain personally rather than acting in the interest of the people #bbcqt 
I think a second referendum is a great idea. A second referendum on Scottish independence that is. #Bbcqt 
.@iamradzi says it is "undemocratic to question the will of the people" on Brexit - regardless of how you voted #bbcqt 
International Trade Secretary @LiamFox on why we believe that free trade is essential to Britain's future post Brexit. #bbcqt 
#bbcqt Listen Ken Clarke rambling on and bloody on reason 17 million voted leave. Still  over Brexit non stop. We’re leaving get over it FFS. 
#bbcqt please stop referring to "the will of the people". Brexit is the will of a minority of the electorate. No more than that 
#BBCQT SOD BREXIT.... GET THIS CORRUPT STINKIN' TORY GOV OUT! Call for #GE2018 and for goodness sake DON'T VOTE CONSERVATIVE AGAIN - lives have been lost and many more hanging in by a thread! 
.@OwenSmith_MP is not being truthful on #BBCQT when he said that we were not told that we were leaving the Single Market.Here are a series of Ministers speaking before the #Brexit referendum saying leave means leaving the Single Market. 
Farage outright lying about a majority voting to leave the Single Market. Very few people who voted Brexit had even heard of the Single Market #bbcqt 
#bbcqt To answer Michelle Dewberry, you cannot implement Brexit for the "greater good" because the damage range is 2% to 6% to 8% of GDP.. if you are a Brexiteer choose your damage level and then choose CU/SM to FTA to WTO. 
Nigel Farage spent 20 years as an MEP plotting Brexit and never got round to forming a fucking plan. There's lots of people to blame for this shambles but he's more to blame than most #bbcqt 
Ken Clarke says that it was a mistake to trigger Article 50 so early in the Brexit process #bbcqt 
Didn’t take #Farage long to tell his first fib on #BBCQT when he said everyone in referendum campaign said we’d exit the #SingleMarket if we #brexit.  Several prominent #Leave campaigners said the opposite: 
#bbcqt. So Ken Clarke says again the the question of Brexit was far too complicated for a Ref.Interpreted, too complicated for the people to have a say on their & their country's future.Obnoxious EU quisling 
Ken Clarke says he does not think that all the details of the Brexit deal will be agreed by the time the UK leaves the EU #bbcqt 
Having just read full trail for the PM’s “5 #Brexit tests” , featured in her much advertised  speech at the Mansion House tomorrow  I can (not surprisingly) report they are as vacuous & devoid of content or concrete proposal as everything else she has said in the last 18 months. 
Ken Clark just insulted the British people by stating that Brexit is too complicated for them to fully understand. The arrogance of a foaming at the mouth globalist Europhile #bbcqt 
Dimbleby: "I thought Brexit means Brexit to you."Farage: "Well of course Brexit means Brexit."You don't get insight like this anywhere else. Worth the licence fee alone. #bbcqt 
BREAKING NEWS The UK government is expected to mount a legal challenge at the supreme court if the Scottish parliament votes for its own emergency powers over Brexit. This is info being leaked to the Guardian This would be evidence they do not want to negotiate YOU YES YET 
BBC News - Government defeated on Brexit bill. The government has been defeated after the House of Lords said ministers should guarantee EU nationals' right to stay in the UK after #Brexit.  
'Leave would be even HIGHER!' Labour Brexiteer trashes Remoaner hopes of second referendum  
Future historians are going to puzzle over the UK's endless attempts to change the "tone" of the Brexit debate through delivering a series of speeches each in the same tone as the one before.  
Can I ask you @liamfox - did the US Trade Ambassador warn you of their plans for 25% tariffs on our steel products when you met? What will you do about this? And you’re still confident US trade policy will compensate for trade we’re risking with #Brexit?!  
The moment the UK ceased to be a partner and became a problem for the EU was the moment EU politicians ceased to give a damn about what UK voters think.Brexit means Brexit.  
This election is a referendum on fairnessFor patients waiting for healthcareFor free public education For people over profitsFor affordable housingFor women’s reproductive rightsFor upholding the Tasmanian brandFor honest government For our future - vote Labor #politas 
Some time ago I pondered the purpose of Ashcroft's Twitter poll. I came to the conclusion it was probably to determine the size of bot/troll army which would be needed to overwhelm Remainers on social media. I suspect we are starting to see the results. #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit 
Brexit Explained  
Apparently - in her keynote speech tomorrow - the PM will URGE the Country to *come together*on #BrexitI think she FORGETS the EuRef vote was 48%/52%.She has focussed ENTIRELY on the 52%And what about Scotland & NI - BOTH voted to *remain*So what IS your VISION Theresa ? 
Tony Blair: Brexit is "an historic mistake" and "if there's any way we can undo it then we should".Let’s do it - vote for an anti-brexit party in the May elections. #ABTV 
1 March 1979: Scotland's first devolution referendum. Sco voted 52:48 for devolution We were denied it by the Lab gov supported by the TorysWith the BG denying us access to the EU talks and the power grab it is clear we are still considered unequal partners in this Union 
"Protecting the integrity of the Good Friday Agreement & the Integrity of the UK should be the reddest of red lines" - Not in Brexit Britain mate. They care only about Brexit whatever the hell that means. If I were NI or Scotland I'd  escape this nightmare at the earliest chance. 
Do obstinate reckless Leavers not see what persisting with Brexit is doing to our democracy?  
If you saw the documentary London Calling - How the BBC stole the Referendum Why not join us in funding his next film?This time it's Brexit and what it means for Scotland 
Mike Russell summed up the importance of the alternative Brexit Bill for devolution 
Clown car @TheEconomist #EU #BrexitShambles #Brexit  
So this is the depth to which the sickness that is Brexit is sinking us: unbelievable! ‘The mandate of the people’ (= 26% of the population) ‘a traitor if you oppose the government’ (= Kim Jong-Un) ....  
"Don't worry about Brexit," they say. "We'll be at the front of the queue for freewheeling, swash-bucking free trade with the US. They love all that!"Oh.  
1st question to @theresa_may tomorrow: join EU retailiation against Trump’s steel war or surrender to USA in name of Brexit? 
.@Theresa_May will give a #Brexit speech tomorrow and set out the next steps on the #RoadtoBrexit.After @JeremyCorbyn’s betrayal of the referendum result, only the @Conservatives can deliver the Brexit that we voted for.Time: 13:30Place: @BBCTwo Can’t wait! 
Theresa May admitted there could be no open border in Ireland if Britain was outside the EU, newly emerged video shows.She gave an interview before the referendum saying there would 'have to be' a border if Britain left the EU#StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
Pimlico Plumbers’ boss Charlie Mullins, who handed over £48,000 to the Tories in the two years up to July 2017, said he is “up for reversing Brexit” in a bid to prevent “disaster” for the country.#StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON #OFOC 
READ | Happy Hour at the Hay-Adams With @Nigel_Farage, Brexit’s Bad Boy 
A) What would it do to our faith in democracy to know that our Parliament voted and deceived us into a Brexit that would make us all poorer?B) There's nothing remotely undemocratic about giving the people the power to change the course of the UK'S future. 
Brexit in any degree is a multiplicity of threats, not just the ‘hard’ variety (there’s no other) & not just dismemberment of the UK: “This extreme Brexit could break up the UK – and Conservatives like me are horrified  
Facebook Finds No New Evidence Russia Influenced Brexit, MPs Demand They Look Harder   
Wow. OK, we'll add this one to commemorative Brexit stamps, Big Ben bonging us out, blue passports and a Royal Yacht Britannia funded by public lottery.Surely no downside can outweigh that powerful, powerful set. 
This tweet is timeless. Mainly because for last 2 years its been same thing about every speech and yet all we get is 'brexit means brexit' whilst 758 separate treaties that need renegotiating lie untouched. For tomorrow to mean anything it needs an actual policy...#brexithaos 
Great thread. Definitely worth a reminder that human rights is front and centre in EU trade policy. Do you trust the #Brexit headbangers to uphold the same standards? I know so don’t. Let’s have the #FinalSay on the direction we wish to take. #StopBrexit 
Brexit news: Jacob Rees-Mogg leaves radio host in stitches with hilarious John Major jibe | UK | News |  
After this masterclass I’m now wavering on Brexit  
#tonyblair runs poll where 68% of all respondents want to Leave at all costs.Blair does not speak for them or me.RT if you agree#LBCLIVE #skynews #bbcdp #Brexit #bbcqt #PMQs #bbctw 
So Tony Blair now thinks there's only a 50% chance of Brexit actually happening.That's funny, his own institute's poll reveals 68% of 143,000 voters want to "leave at whatever cost". Still ignoring the will of the people, Tone?  
Theresa May faces Mission Impossible at end of 'Road to Brexit'  
Tomorrow's front page: Brexit state of emergency as huge majority of MSPs fight to protect devolution + tales of ordinary Scots heroes are everywhere on second day of weather chaos. Stay safe, everyone!  
Some Leavers wail that Remainers are trying to 'overturn' the referendum result as if we were sending in the tanks. No! We are just engaging in normal democratic activity by campaigning and lobbying MPs, and we are not going to surrender that right!#StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
Peter Brookes on Theresa May’s Brexit position - Political Cartoon Gallery in Putney  
Remainers bleat we must shelve Brexit due to NI border. Why not cry about current border between UK as a member state & rest of world that isn't in EU?! Picking on NI less to do with trade & everything to do with weaponosing break up of the UK. Cede Dover as borders with Calais?  
It is now clear that no acceptable Brexit agreement can be reached with Barnier and Brussels.  Time to walk away — and take our £40 bn off the table.  We should remain open to starting talks on a UK/EU FTA as soon as Brussels feels able to talk sensible terms. 
The EU is making a decent Brexit impossible – but Britain won't tame as easily as Greece 
The EU has rejected the over generous offer by the British government of allowing EU immigrants in after Brexit. Fine. Just take the offer off the table and forget about it. 
Brexit pundits can keep telling themselves that celebrating the success of the german far right justified but...  
Before Question Time tonight just have a look at the Brexit Bus. Where does it say that the NHS would get all of the £350m? It doesn’t.My blood boils every time they mention it.  
Monarch Airlines, Multiyork, Maplins, ToysRUs. I have to say, #Brexit is certainly having an impact. How many jobs? How many more? #StopBrexit #ExitFromBrexit #ScrapBrexit #FinalSayForAll 
*Brexit is Falling Apart* 
All those #brexit folk who assured us that UK would work together with US to get not only a great trade deal but lead us to a less protectionist trade environment are going to be slightly confused by the latest developments.....  
As the power to influence ebbed away, we heard a fragile echo from the past, but without resonance anymore. The shock of a world that had moved on. For #Brexit is taking place. 
Nigel Farage with the Jacob Rees-Mogg extreme-Brexit baton tonight. Both use the poor as pawns, feigning concern but promoting policies that will only bring more poverty to the 'have nots'... #bbcqt 
Brexit: EU says UK ‘closing the doors’ on its negotiating optionsvia @IrishTimes 
An enemy of Britain who knew. The 4 deployments to the middle East and 10 years service suggest different. But hey you label me whatever u like. Its for jumped up arseholes like yourself that I do what I do. #Brexit  @catsinbelfry 🖒🖒🖒 
#OTD 1 March 1979: Scotland's first devolution referendum. Scotland voted 52:48 for devolution but blocked by threshold requiring 40% of electors vote for change. If we had such a requirement for #Brexit UK wouldn't be in this mess: 37% of electorate voting Leave.  
No Brexit supporting party will have my vote on 3rd May 2018, you can depend on that.  
The blithe confidence of the British Establishment, which believes that, through bluster, aggression and talking loudly at foreigners, it can achieve anything, however unlikely#Brexit#Iraq#Suez 
Nobel prizewinner for discovering graphene, Sir Kostya Novoselov, told the BBC that many scientists were dependent on EU multinational funding... and is Brexit a worry for him? "Honestly - yes, very much so." 
Ex-PM pleads with EU to stop Brexit changing free movement laws. He does not speak for UK! It’s Not just about that!  
'The EU is making a decent Brexit impossible – but Britain won't tame as easily as Greece,' writes @JeremyWarnerUK 
I could but I mainly voted #Brexit because of people like you/Obama/Blair/Geldof/Lineker/Allen/Kinnocks/Cameron and all the other snouts in the trough. Even now knowing your frothing at the mouth over Trump and Brexit makes my day We want to govern ourselves  
Brexit Britain favours FREE TRADE as UK eyes global deals outside EU  
Politicians keep talking about how #Brexit has divided the country but it looks to me like we're pretty much united in the view that our politicians are drooling imbeciles. 
EU nationals, you could not vote in the EU referendum. It's time you have your say, says Pierre Delarue  
Theresa May’s claim that an EU customs union would “betray the British people” isn’t credible  There's no evidence that the Brexit May is pursuing is the 'will of the people'. 
.@theresa_may is suffering from memory loss. She used to know there was no way of avoiding a hard border with this Tory version of #Brexit. Ironic that she is able to change her view on something, yet the public apparently can’t.  
The fact that the UK gov. in England is fighting against the Scottish/Welsh parliaments repatriating competence they *already have* under the Scotland/Wales Acts of devolution should tell us all we need to know about brexit! 
The Sun’s ‘Brexit bargains’ retweeted by Jacob Rees-Mogg has been deleted because it’s nonsense  
Conservative donor switches to Lib Dems over Brexit  #ExitFromBrexit #FBPE 
How the right wing thought the UK would negotiate BREXIT.  
Twitter respondents agree! 97% say STOP BREXIT NOW in a poll that just closed. 3% voted SPEND WHATEVER to achieve Brexit. Spoiler alert: We ALREADY owe £2,000,000,000,000 (that's £2trillion). Some people want to ADD to that debt pile, backing a failed fantasy. Why? Thread ENDS! 
"You're thwarting the will of the people" - @thecarolemalone slams Corbyn and the House of Lords for damaging Brexit negotiations #ThePledge 
“Look Donald, we have this thing in the United Kingdom called ‘Democracy’...” #Brexit  
European Council President Donald Tusk is unhappy with Theresa May's Brexit red lines.  
Parliamentary scrutiny will reduce the chance that Britain adopts a hard Brexit on the say-so of zealots  
Close to 100k signatures now. As it becomes more likely by the day that the only benefits of Brexit will be unemployment benefits, all options must be on the table.Please sign and RT 
this seems unwise when bill has cross-party backing. UK government to fight Scotland bid for Brexit emergency powers  
Rose Altmann is contributing to an expanding intellectual narrative that chapter by chapter makes the indubitable case for remaining in the EU. Her eloquent discourse is deceptively simple: save the union; save the people of N.Ireland; save the GFA; save face & stop Brexit now. 
Dear .@mrjamesob.@InstituteGC has posted a #Brexit "Leave at any cost or Stay & re-think" poll on its FB page. Nigel Farage has posted it on his wall & requested his LBC listeners to vote+share, so I wondered if you might do the same to even things up? 
This is the face Britain is showing to the world. Spiteful, cruel and colder than any #Snowmageddon .Brexit is diluting Britain, not enhancing it.#HearOurVote 
Prior to the referendum, business was around two-thirds pro-Remain. Since withdrawal from the SM and CU has been made clear, the Remain proportion will likely have increased. Business people need to stand up and challenge Brexit. Acquiescence won’t do! #StopBrexit #FBPE pic.twitter.com/PDl5hRcvIE 
It is incredible to see a huge majority of MSPs, all bar the Tories, voting to defend the devolution settlement. The Prime Minister better think twice about attacking the Scottish Parliament under the veil of Brexit:  
Stunningly good article by @rosaltmann This extreme Brexit could break up the UK – and Conservatives like me are horrified  
Former PM Tony Blair claims there is now a 50% chance Brexit won't happen  
Approval by @ScotParl of #ScottishContinuityBill emergency status & initial timetable by 86 to 27 (only Tories opposed) will trigger  further discussion with parties & members & will help to provide a useful backstop to prevent a #Brexit legislative cliff edge in Scotland. 
The EU is running riot over Brexit. It's time Theresa May took back control - The Telegraph  
Unbelievable that Nigel Farage is able to cruise yet again onto  BBCQT today for yet another attack on all those who point out that Brexit won't deliver what was promised.  BBC is becoming the most important weapon for Brexiters. Shameful and very foolish editorial decisions. 
Barnier claims UK is closing door to Brexit progress after EU REJECTS May's migration plan. No! EU Dictators Barnier, Tusk & Junker are being obstructive!  
An empty threat, except if you're a disaster capitalist. There would be a catastrophic no-deal #Brexit and the UK would become a pariah state. Trust and respect in Britain would be shattered for decades to come.#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit 
@LibDems this is why you have my vote but you need to get loud and get organised. Tell us why Brexit is an unmitigated disaster and how we can stop it. #StopBrexit #ABTV #HearOurVote 
UK mainstream media undermines #Brexit  by reporting every single twist and turn, quoting gossip and false statements by Remainers and EU officials, giving conflicting  and misleading facts. This is not the way to cover delicate talks that decide the nation's future. 
Noting like a double act from Major and Blair to galvanise leavers is there?#Brexit 
In an ideal world @markdurkan would be part of Irish negotiation team on Brexit - no one knows the border/north issues better or cares more  
OFF THE CLIFF! Pro-Brussels think tank use THIS shocking graphic to MOCK Brexit. Keep up this Charade, trying to belittle UK, you will stop smiling when we affect your 20% of German Made Cars to UK with huge Tariffs! ! 
"Snow not real" claims a screaming Farage "Just a plot by the EU to stall Brexit!"  
'You're RESPONSIBLE!' Tory LASHES Sturgeon for constantly blaming Brexit during fiery FMQs  
Prime Minister @Theresa_May will give a speech tomorrow setting out the next step on the #RoadtoBrexit.CANNOTWAITAfter @JeremyCorbyn’s betrayal we now know that only the @Conservatives will deliver the #Brexit the British people voted for. #ImWithMay 
Rees-Mogg wasn't the only MP who stupidly failed to notice that this bit of #Brexit propaganda in Sun was misleading rubbish. Nadine Dorries also failed.I'm assuming stupidity on their part as we wouldn't want to accuse MPs of trying to mislead the public.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
I would like to thank Tony Blair for clarifying this #Brexit matter for us and am glad he will be putting his full weight behind Theresa May   
Some might not see a point in voting for anti Brexit parties in local elections. They see the violent language used against Remain in the papers and become fearful.All the more reason to support a united democratic push like this and send a clear message.#HearOurVote 
How curious! The pound is down 15% since the referendum, yet factory output is falling.The boost to exports is more than offset by a fall in domestic consumption.It's almost as if someone did an experiment and proved "Project Fear" true.  via @FT 
I am Labour.I want to vote Labour.I have never voted any other way in a local election.In the May local elections, I will vote  for an anti-Brexit party.Labour, please listen, #HearOurVote 
It's hard to understand why this old canard keeps getting an outing. The idea that Leo Varadkar is running scared from Sinn Fein is laughable. How many times do we have to say it from this side of the Irish Sea? #brexit @FraserNelson 
The Leave promises on Brexit versus reality in one picture  
With this unprecedented snow straddling February and March, Nicola Sturgeon's SNP will have extra excuses for economic and public service performance. Snow will now be added to Tory Austerity and Brexit for the next few months. 
 @rosaltmann There is an up side to Brexit and that’s finding great people that you might not have come across otherwise.  So many lovely Remainers.  Too many to mention.  
Reporting Scotland doing sterling work to completely ignore what went on in the Scottish Parliament regarding Brexit. @BBCScotlandNews 
.@rosaltmann: “Many Conservatives are horrified at what is happening in our name. A few extremist Tories have hijacked the Brexit process and are being allowed to run riot, while our international standing is being undermined. Enough is enough.” 
The 'well-being of the people', not 'the will of the people' said John Major. If you are patriotic, send a message about the recklessness of #Brexit in the May local elections - don't vote for any Brexit party. #HearOurVote #ABTV #FBPE 
Tony Blair says he thinks the chance of #Brexit actually happening is now at 50%  
You have just described Brexit, you are asking us to lay our money on the counter before we even know what we are buying or if the shop has anything that we want 
If this is the case then this is *huge*. A second referendum won't just be focused on independence but also defending devolution.  
.@theresa_may is to deliver a major #Brexit speech tomorrow. She is expected to provide details of the next steps on the #RoadToBrexit. 
And if you want a deal at the shop, you don't dictate the terms and then try to #bigfoot . The shops says: "Can't do that.I'd have to do stuff for everybody,  And anyway,you know the rules. You helped make them.Have a nice day."PS-In the matter of #Brexit-The UK is #supplicant 
The idea that the opinion of an electorate on one day should invalidate further opposition is the stuff of tyranny as it legitimises the idea that the will of the rulers who purport to be implementing the "will of the people" cannot legitimately be challenged.#StopBrexit #Brexit 
Errrrrr no. The list of achievements his government made far outweigh the social devastation Cameron and his leadership left behind. That’s before you consider the long term economic effects of Brexit. I look forward to your “but Iraq” response 
For every 17 people who voted for Brexit, 16 voted to remain in the EU.Why have those 16 been completely ignored the the Conservatives and Labour?#HearOurVote 
After weeks of biased Remoaner panels, Brexit champion @Nigel_Farage returns to @bbcquestiontime tonight to bust nasty Europhiles Ken Clarke and @OwenSmith_MP.Make sure you tune in at 10.45 and enjoy! #bbcqt 
Theresa May is pursuing a hard Brexit despite predicting herself that it would lead to Irish border controls  via @psbook 
The government rewards the  the #Brexit billionaire press for peddling hard-right Tory propaganda by axing #Leveson2.Our politics is now wholly corrupt. Britain is no longer a functioning democracy.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
This extreme Brexit could break up the UK 
The way you did it, dumping on the poor a burden created by the wealthy, destroyed trust in politics and the establishment and created the conditions for Brexit. So how about a little humility?  
What some Brexiteers still don't grasp: the EU doesn't view Brexit as a political negotiation but as an application of its rules. 
Blair needs to get real on NI Brexit scaremongering tactics. Full statement:  
In May we can also destroy the illusion that a majority supports brexit. #HearOurVote #ABTV 
I will vote for whatever political party stops Brexit #HearOurVote #stopbrexit 
Must read — This extreme Brexit could break up the UK – and Conservatives like me are horrified  
.@belfastairport Hi folks, seeing as you're not busy at the minute, could you let us know if your backing of the DUP extends to their Brexit backing, and their blocking of equal marriage and Irish language legislation? 
Corbyn has been setting the country's agenda for the last 18 months. All focus will be on May tomorrow. The Tories have made a massive mess of Brexit as they have the country.Time for change.Time for a LAB government.#JC4PM 
If Part 2 of Levenson is dropped by the loathesome God Botherer it will prove that we are now governed by unelected MSM sociopaths. Every Brexit arguement will be rendered a lie as we see limited powers have been returned from the EU and handed to Murdoch and Rothermere 
The #Brexit vote was the British people feeling we were finally having a say in the future of our country again instead of a few politicians in Westminster deciding for all of us. The behavior of Soubry et al is reversing that again. Undermining our PM and mocking our democracy.  
£22,615 in six hours. If you value your EU citizenship rights - stripped from you and your children by Brexit - this is your chance to keep them. Please help.  
David Davis said "There will be no downside to Brexit, only a considerable upside."Prices of food raising week after week. Companies including Maplin & Toys R Us going into administration.Does this sound like an upside to you?We need to reassess this. #HearOurVote 
Tony Blair and John Major should be “ashamed of themselves” says DUP using hard won peace in NI to overthrow Brexit. Sammy Wilson says “it is time for them to dial down the rhetoric”.  
Blogged Ending the limboThe case for ring-fencing the acquired rights of EU27 and UK citizens who moved before Brexit day - with a proposed text:  
Very dangerous for #UK to  go down this route-victimhood might be comforting but will not serve UK in the end. Leaving could never be on #UK terms-club rights are club rights. #Brexit will diminish UK standing & influence-humiliation enough  
Brexit is certainly a case where Brexiteers are not listening to what the masses now want.We need to wake them up. Even if all the jobs already leaving and the Governments Brexit Impact reports showing -2 to -8% GDP Their illusion will be destroyed.  #HearOurVote pic.twitter.com/qc5NDsjuFP 
#HearOurVote won’t be voting for any party which doesn’t include the option to vote to remain in a final referendum #Libdems for me and many others #ABTV 
Attempts by some Remainers to suggest that peace in Northern Ireland is somehow endangered by #Brexit are shameful. I’d like an apology from folk like Chuka who are doing so but know it won’t come in “begrudging” or any other form  
Guess we are leaving on #WTO rules then. That’s what I voted for. #Brexit  
#Brexit- EU Chief negotiator, @MichelBarnier on Theresa May's speech:-"Any vision of the future must take into account the fact that the EU cannot and will not compromise on its founding principles"-"I hope it will help move the negotiations forward by setting out her vision" 
Brexit will end the United Kingdom. We told you this before the June 2016 opinion poll. This newspaper told you to vote to end the United Kingdom.The Telegraph is finished. I will enjoy watching the death throes  
I’ll never understand why Scotland’s agricultural community could ever consider voting Tory. This Tory Brexit will kill off so many business and now they’re singularly refusing to reintroduce a Seasonal Agricultural Workers Sceme that might just save some of them. 
GW Bush proposed 8-30% steel tariffs in 2002 which would hit UK steel exports hard. We were in EU which threatened counter tariffs hitting exports in key state Bush needed for mid-term win. GWB backed down. But now thanks to Brexit UK will be naked shivering against trade bullies  
I wonder if #Corbyn was listening to John Major? He ought to have been. His stance on Brexit is looking...ridiculous. And yes, if anybody else had been leader of #Labour they would be eating the Tories for breakfast. Message? #StopBrexit or bugger off. 
Coming out in public to remind people why there can be no 2nd referendum would be the right thing to do. But Dave hasn't done it.  
The EU is trying to bring down the government to keep us under their influence.This is exactly why 17.4 million people voted for Brexit. We don't want 27 other countries running our country anymore. 
UK government to fight Scotland bid for Brexit emergency powers  I don't blame either Wales or Scotland - at least they are saying they will act when London is willing to watch everything fall apart 
Poor old Blair cant even convince his own supporters. In his own Institute's Brexit poll nearly 80,000 voted - 63% voted to Leave EU ‘whatever the cost’ 
Did Tony Blair really calls for reforms to immigration - he opened the floodgates in a deliberate attempt to win votes - to try to scupper Brexit. He's the reason so many voted for Brexit 
Why does the SNP claim it abolished tuition fees when it didn't? Do they feel ending the graduate endowment wasn't enough of an achievement? Or is it because after a decade in office, half of it wasted on a dud referendum, they have little in the way of a transformational legacy? 
Someone close to Tony Blair should tell him every time he speaks out against Brexit he hardens support for it. 
The desperation is hitting new heights now! They know they are losing and people are rejecting the lies and motivations behind #Brexit. #StopBrexit #HearOurVoice #ABTV #FBPE @W_A_T_O_N @fish_in_a_hat @16MillionRising @LibDems @Labour4EU @UKLabour @BBCR1 
Brexit vote means - no more money given to the EU - Gerard Batten UKIP Leader  pic.twitter.com/V9BuCJYziC 
Important from man who negotiated the Good Friday Agreement: we risk sacrificing peace ‘on the altar of Brexit’  
wow. @RuthDavidsonMSP & her @ScotTories have shown their true colours as they voted against Scotland fast tracking @theSNP proposed bill to take back control of its own laws following brexit, the bill was passed 86 to 27 despite the @Conservatives attempts 
UK government to fight Scotland bid for Brexit emergency powers  
BBC News - Tony Blair: If I were Labour leader I'd be hammering the Tories on Brexit  
Following her meeting with Donald Tusk, Theresa May puts the finishing touches to her Brexit speech:  
It would be a truly beautiful gesture if Sinn Féin took their seats in the House of Commons and saved the UK from a devastating hard Brexit.  
New Maxwell’s Brexit. I don’t know how to interpret this. Hard Brexiteer?  
Polls show the majority believe the #Brexit vote to have been a mistake. But that's clearly a majority you have no intention of respecting.There is also no majority for the final #Brexit deal. How could there be, when no-one knows what it will be!@Anna_Soubry#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Charlie Mullins wants to take a blow torch to Brexit. Good on that man. #ABTV 
Hi @theresa_may, you were right in June 2016 about the threat posed by Brexit to maintaining an invisible border in Ireland and in case you haven't realised "NOTHING. HAS. CHANGED."  
Bob Moran on Brexit, Theresa May and the weather - Political Cartoon Gallery in Putney  
This is also an excellent ex-PM speech.   TB and JM know of what they speak.   Brexit is not a game or a slogan : it’s a decision with real world consequences of an utterly inevitable and destructive nature.  The problems are inherent in the ambition.   
One of these men is an EU stooge, wants to undermine Britain, reverse #Brexit & deny Britons their democracy. He wants the UK run by a corrupt cabal of unelected pen pushersThe other is Michel BarnierCorbyn is a weapons grade wanker#ConmanCorbyn #EU@UKLabour @jeremycorbyn 
Just seen a post on Facebook claiming unemployed immigrants in the UK get £29,900 p.a. in benefits; comparing it to old age pensioners getting just €6000 p.a.These outright lies are why Farage and the #Leave camp were able to get the gullible to vote for #Brexit.#StopBrexit 
European parliament rejects UK's Brexit transition proposalsAs expected, the EU rejects May's "solution". Citizens' rights during any transition period must be the same as now. 
It is imperative that Mrs May uses her ‘Road to Brexit’ speech tomorrow to be honest with the people of our country about what the consequences of her hard Brexit policy are. She needs to drop the dishonesty and face down the extreme Brexiters in her party. 2/ 
Thread: Before the referendum, before she became Prime Minister, and before she was dependent on the DUP to drive through her plans for a hard Brexit, Theresa May told the truth: if we leave the Customs Union and the Single Market there will be a hard border in Ireland. 1/  
Since the #Brexit vote there has been a deplorable rise in hate crime, often making migrants feel unwelcome, threatened and marginalised. Many have returned home as a result and now there is a huge labour shortage in the #NHS and social care industry 
DD asserting himself again. After getting substantial changes made to the Brexit inner Cabinet paper on the future UK/EU economic partnership, he’s now pushing back against Theresa May making a ‘binding commitment to follow EU rules in certain sectors  
Speech by @MichelBarnier giving more information on #brexit than the UK Government has in 20 months "For citizens, for your businesses and for each of our countries, my conviction is clear, the future of our Union is more important than Brexit" 
The Sun sneakily removes ‘Brexit Bargains’ article after being told it was an utter pack of lies 
As a scientist, I have no objections to experiments.But if experiments are going wrong, or looking dangerous - like in clinical trials - then you call them off. Standard procedure. Yes, I'm talking about #Brexit. 
.@andrewismaxwell on the ridiculousness of the situation with the #IrishBorder and #BrexitFrom #Unspun with @mattforde on @davechannel 
Tony Blair has said in a speech today the "rationale for Europe today is not peace, but power".   All the more reason for #Brexit 
A double whammy really as families don't receive justice and we get hit with a hard Brexit sponsored by Murdoch and Dacre. This government is a disgrace. 
Well wow...Theresa May did understand and does know what her hard Brexit means for the Irish border.  
"Brexit will increase the deficit by ~£30BN" - George Osborne.In reality we now have a government that can cover what it spends, without using PFI to keep money off the books. #DespiteBrexit 
Amazing, seem to have turned a crowded local primary with multiple progressives into a national referendum on Bernie vs Establishment  
“You could almost hear the ultra-Brexiteers howling”@Kevin_Maguire discusses John Major’s seismic Brexit intervention with @NicolaRBartlettand @mikeysmith on this week’s Ayes to the Left podcast. 
Proposed new autobiographies: "How I Fucked Up Brexit On More Or Less Every Front That Was Available To Me To Fuck Up On: The Theresa May Story." 
Here are some samples of what Brexiters were saying before the referendum and what they’re saying now. There are hundreds of examples. Please RT, to counteract the nonsense that “everyone knew what they were voting for”. #BrexitShambles #Brexit  
This morning's @AlexSalmondShow featuring former Uachtaran Mary Mcaleese on #Brexit and the Northern Irish border. 
LOL! The guys at @tradedealwatch  have explained the Brexit transition period with the help of Wile E Coyote. Brilliant. Look before you leap!  
Ireland's EU commissioner urges Theresa May to adopt customs union to end Brexit impasse  
The government pays back the #Brexit billionaire press for peddling right-wing Tory propaganda.Our politics is now wholly corrupt. Britain is no longer a functioning democracy.#StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE #Leveson2 
Blaming remainers and the EU for a disastrous #brexit but still wanting to go ahead with it is like blaming someone for poisoning a cake and eating it anyway. 
Someone asked us to explain the Brexit transition period. Here's Wile E Coyote to explain: 1) After the EU referendum, David Davis sets off in pursuit of a dim and uncertain ideal  
Leave voters dismiss John Major's claim that the Brexit debate is marred by 'intolerance and name calling', as the delusional ramblings of an old fool. 
If MP's are representatives of all their constituents then 421 MP's should be backing the referendum result. 421 out of 573 English and Welsh constituencies voted leave including your own.Respect the result!  
I used to think the 'Brexit unicorns' thing was a bit of an exaggeration by Remainers, given that no-one asked for literal unicorns.However, what we now seem to be demanding over the Irish border is actually MORE fantastical than a magical pony with a narwhal horn. 
Blair to Call on EU to Help ‘Remain Resistance’, Claims Brexit Could Lead to Civil War   
Write to your MP with this link below! Brexit’s damage to the NHS *must* be debated. Over 3,000 already have written via this form and MPs are already coming on board. Send your email now —>  
52% fundedHelp get the word out about the dire consequences of Brexit on Scotland's economySooner we get it fundedSooner we get the word out 
Getting so much shrill outrage from Brexshitters that it seems they think Brexit can be stopped or significantly weakened.  This spurs me on 
Friends! As the former 'Far-Right Red Tory Traitor Bliar' - now 'Our Tony, the People's Liar' - says, 'Brexit is an historic mistake'!Indeed, it's almost as bad an historic mistake as Britain's failure to join Our Euro, which Our Tony also shrewdly warned us about at the time.  
Eire has different VAT on pretty much everything compared to Britain. But there is no 'hard' border in Northern Ireland. Why would a different customs regime in the countries make a hard border inevitable?#Brexit#LeaveCustomsUnion 
The establishment are trying to stop Brexit. That must not be allowed to happen. Share this video!  
European parliament rejects UK's Brexit transition proposals  
6 Tory Brexit rebels now want to give MPs and unelected Lords the power to veto international trade deals. This is yet more Remoaner opportunism designed to thwart Brexit. 
God forbid the north secures a better deal at the end of this Brexit disaster eh?! The DUP would be happy with a union jack on scorched earth as long as they can keep telling themselves this place is as British as Finchley.  
Statement by @guyverhofstadt on behalf of Parliament's #Brexit steering group: "We cannot accept any form of discrimination between EU citizens who arrive before or after the start of any transition" →  
The far right wants Brexit at any cost.The far left wants Corbyn at any cost.I just want a ref on the final deal with an option to Remain.#FBPE 
Missed our evidence session this week with Pascal Lamy, former Director General of the #WTO and European Trade Commissioner? Watch it online here  #Brexit  
So! Tomorrow it’s May’s *next* big Brexit speech!Excited?You bet.No?Then I have just what you need - a #MaySpeech buzzword bingo card - download your card here and play along!  
Bravo! We urge more decent MPs who voted Remain to take Britain's side against the EU bully#Brexit#LeaveCustomsUnion 
"I certainly offer those gentlemen the respect they deserve." Watch this clip of @patrickharvie on top form, taking Tories to task for the #Brexit crisis.  
EU boss Donald Tusk tells Theresa May he's 'not happy' with Brexit 'red line'  
So the hypocrites Tony Blair & John Major who railroaded us into the EU with no referendum want one against coming out!Well Chaps, Update for you - Tone's own poll shows 65% back Brexit at all costs. 91,000 people have voted!The EU won't budge from Ransom position #WalkAway! 
“All models [for the future] remain available, as long as the #UK is willing to accept the balance between rights and obligations.” Speech by @MichelBarnier today at #BusinessEuropeDay:  #Brexit  
7. Before Brexit this stuff didn’t matter too much because kids who were EU citizens had right to be in UK anyway. Not after Brexit, though, they need to apply for status or else be illegal. 
Shouldn’t really need to, but I’ll repeat... “there can be no frictionless trade outside the customs union and Single Market. Friction is an inevitable side effect of #Brexit. By nature.” Obvious, I know...  
#Remoaners!It isn't 'all about the economy' for LeaversIt's because we loathe and detest the EU.And the more we see of their bullying, threats and tub-thumping the greater that loathing becomes.Viva Brexit! 
He doesn’t understand MPs are representatives of all their constituents nor that I made my #Brexit views (to support SM & CU) perfectly clear. Yet more evidence of how #BrexitBullyBoys seek to close down debate & destroy democracy. 
Can EVERYONE of influence, whether LibDem, Green, Labour, Tory Rebel, SNP, Sinn Fein, ex-Party Leader, ex-Prime Minister, whatever, PLEASE get together & help end this Brexit nightmare  We know who you are  We know what you're capable of  Please  Stop Brexit Now!  RT  
This might make the prime minister’s triumphant Brexit speech on Monday quite interesting.  
Not to worry - we've got Danny on today to preview Theresa May's keynote Brexit speech!  
It is indeed shocking, though welcome, to see Theresa May telling the truth about BrexitIt’s just a pity that was two days before the referendum and she started compulsively lying one day after itHistory may not be kind  
Last time I will say this, but many journalists and commentators are failing in their task by being unable to point out errors on both sides of Brexit negotiation. I have trouble naming an objective voice, one that can criticize impartially... 
MSPs have voted in favour of the Scottish Government’s Brexit Continuity Bill being treated as emergency legislation #scotref  
Brexit is difficult, and Barnier's tactics are making it far more so.  
I am looking forward to appearing on the BBC's Question Time this evening to put forward my perspective on Brexit.  
This is a govt devoid of compassion for the people in society who need it most. Matters can only get much worse if Brexit is implemented, it's time to protect the vulnerable with a caring govt within the EU  
This is outrageous. May acknowledging the Irish border problem before the referendum and denying it two years later. She needs to go.  
Tony Blair: If I were Labour leader I'd be hammering the Tories on Brexit  
No 10’s customs union claim is another delusional Brexit falsehood | Miriam González Durantez  
UKs #Brexit EU dealings explained:1. Fill up media/public discourse with angry idiots like Julia Hartley-Brewer, Tim Martin Nadine Dorries etc. demanding "unicorns"2 Get shocked by business reality, European reality, legal reality3. Capitulate4. Return to step 1 & start again 
An empty threat, except if you're a disaster capitalist. There would be a catastrophic no-deal #Brexit and the UK would become a pariah state. Trust and respect in Britain would be shattered for decades to come.#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit  
The Government dragged its feet in respecting the rights of EU nationals in the UK - so I’m making it easier for EU citizens living in London to access online the information they need to stay in the UK after Brexit  
Analysts after Putin's speech:LOLAcademics after Putin's speech:FFSUS Media after Putin's speech:OMGUK media after Putin's speech:Brexit means Brexit 
Finishing off an absolutely essential interview piece for @Byline_Media Just incredible stuff on Brexit and beyond, from one of the biggest names in the whole affair.Coming soon. 
The snow is general all over me. It is falling softly on my soft border and, further westwards, softly falling into the dark mutinous waves of the Foyle. The newspapers are wrong, though, because they nearly all support a hard Brexit. 
EU's chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier says the UK is closing the door on Brexit solutions and the only option left is a free trade agreement 
The UK economy will continue to be outpaced by other countries if the Conservatives maintain their pursuit of a needlessly hard Brexit. Unnecessary threats to pull us out of the Single Market and the Customs Union are putting a damper on the economy. 
Red lines everywhere, dark skies for Brexit deal on NI border. Oldest red line is SinnFein's no-show at Westminster since 1917- but cld their 7 MPs rescue all Ireland, cross red line this once and vote to save the open border? My hope:  
Meeting with PM @theresa_may in London before I next week will present draft EU27 guidelines for our future relationship. #Brexit  
I feel sick seeing Theresa May perfectly describe the problem on the island of Ireland before the referendum. She surely still thinks the same but has allowed herself to be taken hostage by people who will sacrifice peace for Brexit.  
Want to stay a citizen of the EU, whatever the Brexit result? Crowd fund this ace lawyer Jolyon Maugham's attempt to keep us that right. 
AMAZING: Update for you - Tony Blair's own poll now shows 65% back Brexit at all costs. 91,000 people have voted.The gift that keeps on giving... 
What fascinates me about the NI aspect of Brexit is that the system of rules simply didn't account for the possibility of a member leaving the EU. Even Article 50 is a shoddy piece of law. The system is designed to be irreversible. That's what makes the EU an affront to democracy 
This is from not long after the referendum. The warnings were made and ignored.  
Michel Barnier is speaking in Brussels now talking through his famous STAIRCASE DIAGRAM - why the EU thinks a  or  style Free Trade Agreement is the only possible Brexit outcome which is compatible with the UK's red lines.  
To the one million EU citizens across our city: you are Londoners, you make a huge contribution, and you are welcome here. Today I've announced plans to help access online the information EU citizens need to stay here after Brexit.  
Whilst we are all being spoon fed news of snow falling from the sky, we are being purposely kept in the dark about the unfolding constitutional crisis that Brexit is causing.Make no mistake about it, the #ContinuityBill is being kept off of the TV by No10. 
#JohnMajor & #TonyBlair two criminals! We have the hypocrite #PM that didn’t allow a #freevote on the #MaastrichtTreaty & the other a #WarCriminal who took us to War based on #LIES! #ProjectFear #BBC #SKY @LBC #LBC @ConHome @UKLabour #LabourParty @CCHQPress @Conservatives #BREXIT  
We need to get rid of this idea that the Brexit transition period will be warm and cuddly and face up to what it will actually mean for the UK, which is mostly disaster. My column for the @Independent this week 
In ten years time people will deny ever voting for either Brexit or Corbyn.You may respond to this tweet in 2028.. 
Newsflash, David. Our democracy IS in big trouble. That happened the day a wafer thin win in an advisory referendum was intentionally misinterpreted as a binding instruction to carry out the most uncompromising Brexit possible#FBPE 
Both John Major & Tony Blair now support #finalsay, which has been @LibDems policy since just after 6/16 Referendum  
#continuitybill #Scotland For those who haven't got it yet: Tories don't like devolutionTories don't like devolved administrations Tories won't protect HolyroodThey are only working to achieve the  Empire 2.0 that the ultra right is looking for with #Brexit 
Only really new thing about this clip from my BBC interview is the guitar music underneath - we broadcast it during referendum campaign  & highlighted her change in position in Sept 2016  
Theresa May is pursuing a hard Brexit - despite previously predicting it would lead to Irish border controls  
Young Brits will sadly not have access to this after Brexit#FBPE 
#RETWEET: @David_Cameron "There will not be another negotiation or another #referendum" "If we vote to 'Leave, then we will #Leave" #Remainers case for another #EUreferendum: VOID!  #Brexit #BBC #SKY @LBC #LBC @ConHome @CCHQPress @Conservatives @theresa_may 
Gibraltar is going to be an even bigger Brexit problem than Ireland – so why does no one want to talk about it?  Of course all this collateral damage isn't worth It! 
Make no mistake the cancelling of #Leveson and Brexit are connected. 
If you haven't seen John Major's excellent speech yet, you can watch it here.He basically confirms EVERY POINT that we Remainers have been making for the last 20 months, exposing all the lies and fantasies of Brexit extremists.Please pass it on.#FBPE 
Even serious commentators in Britain keep on treating Brexit as something that the EU is doing to Britain rather than the other way around. EU looks out for its interests. Britain has chosen to become a third country. Suck it up.  
Like most people I’m so confused about #brexit sad that we’re separating from Europe lost in a muddle of political bargaining but seriously pissed about being lied to  
People from both sides of the #Brexit  debate are arguing over whether we should stay or leave. If only there was a way of settling this. 
Today is independence day in Bosnia and Herzegovina, marking the results of the '92 referendum. Then as now, it's a time in which the aspirations of decent people are undermined by the megalomania of provincial strongmen. So it goes. No matter. Fail, fail again, fail better.  
Brexit Secretary Threatens Not to Pay ‘Divorce Bill’ Unless EU Backs Down on Northern Ireland   
This is not a war and you’re not Churchill. But, equating Brexit with a humiliating defeat followed by chaotic retreat, yes I’m with you 
Those who attack Tony Blair for seeking to shape Brexit should realise that, with the Good Friday Agreement, he already has. 
The EU operate on what they call the salami system. Take very thin slices of democracy that are not noticed until there is no democracy left. That is how they are negotiating Brexit - with considerable help from the quislings in our parliament and executive civil service. 
Given that “benefits of Brexit” = getting shafted... yes, Jacob, you’re right.  
Brexit will collapse under its own contradictions......just ask @theresa_may#WeNeedTheGFA  
I think the people in the Western and Northern Cape should hold a referendum to secede from the rest of SA There is no way that we can live under a communist regime because this is where SA is heading Other areas may later decide to join us and there should be quite a few Capexit 
It’s time for the answers Theresa May. If the British Prime Minister is saying no to the EU then it’s time she told us how she’ll stop a hard border in Ireland. Big speech tomorrow - we’ll be watching.#Time4AnswersPM #Brexit Agree  RT  
Trying to decide who should be most embarrassed travelling abroad, us Brits for Brexit, or you Yank's for Trump, but I guess you Yank ' s have it by a nose :) 
LATEST NEWS: #FBPE Kent County Council urged to carry out Brexit impact assessment  
Euro Parl approves new tax committee to investigate financial crimes & tax evasion/avoidance. A chance to tackle the running sore of UK's overseas territories & make sure #Brexit doesn't lead to a world-leading tax haven on EU’s doorstep.#taxjustice 
Fresh Brexit Negotiations Delayed As Theresa May Spends Hour Pushing Door Marked ‘Pull’  
Brexit and the contest between process and publicityNew long post by me at @jackofkent (ie, no paywall) 
I remember a former Brit ambassador saying that one of reasons why EU was so profoundly complacent, tin earned on Brexit vote was that they got their picture of British politics from people like Blair and Mandelson. Plus ça change 
If your colleagues in London continue on their policies of uncertainty and crisis then surely even you can see Scotland needs to act? Tory Brexit crisis is an emergency! 
This clip is the sort of thing that proper journalists throw at politicians when grilling them.Will the balanced @BBCNews rise to the occasion?#IrishBorder#Brexit  
Real concerns that #Brexit could spell the end of the UK’s Europol membership and the European Arrest Warrant.  This would prevent crucial data-sharing, with negative safety implications. 
WATCH: Video emerges of Theresa May admitting there can't be an open Irish border after Brexit  
Clock is ticking on resolving two crucial issues of Brexit, writes Nicky Morgan  
BREAKING: Theresa May warns that #brexit will inevitably mean hard border in Northern Ireland border... Ooops sorry that was 2016, so whats changed her mind since?  
[Brexit] is a binary choice. The cake will either be had or be eaten but it will not be both. [The Government] will of course try to fudge, but as we are seeing this cake is quite resistant to fudge – Tony Blair speaks @epc_eu #TonyBlairEpc  
Imagine if the UK had handed in a draft post-Brexit relationship agreement to the EU along with it's A50 letter.Imagine if Brexiters had formulated and published a complete and coherent roadmap for leaving.Imagine if we'd been governed by competence rather than dogma.#FBPE 
Johann Lamont notes that even as a Remain voter, it seems to her that the million people who voted Leave in Scotland don't seem to be factored into any Brexit debates at Holyrood any more  
On days like today, with flights and ferries cancelled, we can see clearly that the importance of the summer referendum to remove the Eighth Amendment, so that we can introduce a caring and compassionate reproductive healthcare system for women in Ireland.  
Blimey @BBCNormanS maybe it’s the cold but he’s thumping his fists making the point @theresa_may must set out the detail of what #Brexit deal Govt wants as @eucopresident makes it clear we can’t have frictionless trade outside #CU #SM 
My reply to @Telegraph @lettersdesk explaining why Marcus Fysh was talking a load of pollocks about #EEA #EFTA #Brexit in his telegraph column earlier this week  
Take note bully boy Barnier.Brexit Britain increasingly in favour of free trade with the rest of the world  
So how many more .@Reasons2Remain do we need. Starting to despair. Brexit is a #coupforthefew and nothing else .@wyewatch @SODEMAction @Femi_Sorry @dontbrexitfixit @nickynoo007 @nickreeves9876 @Suewilson91 @guyverhofstadt @RemainerCreates @UKLabour @Labour4EU #stopbrexit 
BBC News - Government defeated on Brexit bill. First of many.... EU Citizens rights guaranteed.  
Oh how very Brexit.  
Tomkins line against the #ContinuityBill seems to be hinging on it being rushed and badly drafted.Maybe if UKGov hadn't spent nearly 2 years irreplacably wasting time over Brexit, I'd have more sympathy. 
Tomkins is full of BS. He knows fine well that Westminster's Brexit Bill - which as presently written would destroy the devolution settlement - has to pass by 22nd March.Therefore, a Scottish #ContinuityBill HAS to pass before the #Brexit Bill. That's why it's an emergency. 
The #Brexit factsThe UK never voted to join the EU. We voted to stay in a trade market, 2 years after the Tories took us into it, on the express promise (lie) from the PM that it would never become political.We next got a vote 41 years later, we voted to leave.The end. 
The Telegraph has been trying to whip up nationalist hate against the EU - our democratic allies. Before the referendum Boris Johnson tried the same with his cynical and mendacious "The EU wants a superstate, just as Hitler did" headline.#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit  
Good thread on the baffling refusal of the govt to produce one single properly drafted document laying out their position on Brexit.  
A lot of sore loser Remoaners are calling for a second referendum. They don't want to settle the issue, they just want the British people to vote and vote and vote until they submit to rule from Brussels!What would British democracy look like if these fools got their way?  
However, the argument in Britain is far from over. It is in flux. What I call the ‘Dilemma’ of the negotiation is finally prising open the discourse. His article makes the case for the people to vote on the Brexit deal  #TonyBlairEPC #BrexitFacts 
Nicky Morgan: The clock is ticking on resolving the two crucial issues of Brexit | London Evening Standard  Haven't you forgotten something? The small matter of Brits in EU? @bremaininspain @britishineruope 
21 June 2016: Remain campaigner Theresa May warns that Brexit would lead to a hard border in Ireland. Via @Open_Britain 
1/ This Telegraph headline is intended to whip up hate against our main trading partners and democratic allies. It is a headline of those who wish ill on our country, a headline written by traitors and believed by traitors!#BrexitBetraysBritain#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit  
My overview of the most difficult legal/political issues in the Commission's proposed Brexit withdrawal agreement, for @ConversationUK - 
Why @JolyonMaugham is helping bring a critical Dutch case on EU citizenship rights for UK nationals to the European court of justice. CrowdJustice page here:  #Brexit  
Theresa May talking about a Northern Ireland hard border before the Brexit referendum: "If you pulled out of the EU... then how could you have a situation where there is an open border with a country that is in the EU"  
Here’s a clip of Theresa May saying before the EU referendum that Brexit would mean the end of an invisible border between Northern Ireland and the Republic, dug up by @Open_Britain 
'#Brexit is an historic mistake and if there's any way we can undo it then we should' - Tony Blair (@InstituteGC) speaks to #Brexitcast. Download:  / Subscribe on iTunes:  @bbc5live 
Brexit modus operandi: IDS, along with the not-actually-very-polite Rees-Mogg et al. tour the studios shooting the messenger instead of responding to the message and, most of the time, the studios just give them a free pass. Messenger discredited. Job done. 
Oops ...Aston Martin seeks green light for new car in EU not UK due to Brexit uncertainty #theBrexitcrisis 
Scotland's top lawyer has hit back at the parliament’s presiding officer’s opposition to the SNP Government’s alternative Brexit repeal Bill. 
It is now painfully apparent that the EU is trying to cause serious trouble in the UK. They are prepared to meet and discuss anyone who has ideas on overturning brexit and are rapidly turning into an enemy not a partner. They are dangerous and we should steer clear of them. 
“The EU has gone for an option which simply is absurd” says Iain Duncan Smith“Right now, there is no need for that kind of border, that kind of problem, no matter what the arrangement is”#bbcdp #Brexit  
15/ Whatever you think of its merits, Brexit is serious. It is complex. It requires the UK Government's utmost care, determination and attention. And it is not getting it. That is making ME scared.  
14/ This is not about Leave or Remain. This is about *how* to do Brexit. To do it in a way that minimises the damage to real people's lives. That provides certainty where there is currently worry. That reassures rather than grandstands. 
10/ What about the problem that the UK already has the lowest growth in the OECD, and yet Brexit has not happened? NO IDEA. 
I can´t believe it. The EU are demanding that Northern Ireland remain under EU control following brexit. Why not take London as well ? How on earth we can have people in this country prepared to have such people rule over us serves only to show just how much trash we have. 
Inspiring optimism from successful business magnate Tim Martin. What a contrast to the Remoaner political class lusting for Brexit failure. #bbcdp 
I mean this is ridiculous...why have they not been for the plastics bin?????? Welcome to brexit Britain  
So the expected Tory betrayal over Leveson II is relegated to the short initial spot and #bbcdp retreats to the safer waters of #Brexit - so much for the people affected by illegal hacking 
UPDATE: With a lot of regret, we have cancelled this weekend’s Brexit Event, Sitting, and SYP Awards due to the weather and the extended amber weather warning. Very disappointing, but safety comes first. MSYPs & Support Workers should check emails for more information. #SYP65 
#ThursdayThoughtsIgnoring real problems of Brexit is akin to ignoring snow warnings and going out in your underwear. Saying "but the will of the people" won't change reality. Donald Tusk isn't being 'unfair', he's trying to orientate the deluded towards reality  
Can’t back away from calling something “a betrayal” - yet this same outcome was described by a Treasury minister in the passage of Brexit legislation as “subject to negotiation” last month, and is backed in an amendment by 10 Tory MPs  
RT if you agree that it is our patriotic duty to oppose #Brexit, and to make our voices heard against the damage being inflicted on our country by it! #StopBrexit #FBPE 
You were also wrong on...BrexitWelfareGay marriageNot investigating the Iraq warNot supporting EuthanasiaNot increasing tuition feesImmigration  
"Economists for Brexit' model also makes another huge assumption:- Scrapping unnecessary EU regulation will save British businesses £120 billion, about 6% of our entire GP. How? Where exactly is this £120 billion going to come from? 
'Gibraltar is going to be an even bigger Brexit problem than Ireland - so why is nobody talking about it?'  
BBC @daily_politics finds one of the few business leaders supporting Brexit to appear on their show. Timothy Martin of Wetherspoons. 
It wasn't until I read this that I realised how royally jiggered the government is on Brexit. It's like someone who finds themselves simultaneously engaged to two people.  
#OnThisDay 5 months ago: 2.286.217 people voted in #Catalonia's #1oct independence referendum confronting Spain's occupation forces brutality. We won. We won't forget. 
A conservative MP literally compares the self made chaos of #brexit negotiations to Dunkirk. Remember decades back when you looked at some unstable/emerging democracies and the odd ball stupid MPs they had? Well we are that country now @Mike_Fabricant This is what we have become. 
Hang on a minute! Labour is pro #Brexit! Until Monday’s change of heart on “a” customs union:arrangement #Labour supported a  #HardBrexit. Stop the partisanship send short polite emails to your MP - whatever their party & explain how Brexit will affect you,your work,your family.  
Murdoch orders, Tories obey!Buried under the snow. The Tories are using #Brexit and the snow to bury this headline. #Leveson 2' press inquiry abandoned by Government  
According to Tony Blair, Brexit will derail the peace process in N Ireland & all hell is going to break loose. I know of no person North or South of the border that even remotely thinks that. Would the EU like to take their drones back to Brussels. Operation barrel scrape is over 
The EU's arrogance shows the UK is right to be leaving  #Brexit 
For the avoidance of doubt: The @CONservatives, with the DUP, have a MAJORITY. They are IN power. They are “NEGOTIATING”.Brexit belongs entirely to them & the reason we’re in this ruinous mess is because of them.They can try & pin the blame on @UKLabour but it won’t work! 
I'm not becoming a Lib Dem, but we're definitely fellow travellers when it comes to making people realise that Brexit CAN BE REVERSED. I shook Vince's hand yesterday and pledged financial support to that cause, that is a fact.  
This is an historic speech. Let's hope that it helps to turn the tide and once and for all consign brexit to the bin of very fucking stupid ideas, along with jumping out of a plane without a parachute and playing chase with a lion. #FBPE 
The @Europarl_EN cannot accept any form of differentiated treatment for EU citizens who arrive in the UK after the start of any #Brexit transition period. Our statement here:  
Brexit is collapsing under the weight of its own contradictions.  
Traitor pre-referendum: A person who commits treason by betraying his or her country.Traitor post-referendum: Anyone who disagrees with the idiotic idea of Brexit.  
Very positive Cabinet meeting on Brexit.....but I had a sneaking suspicion it might last longer than an hour! 
Facebook tells @CommonsCMS: “no evidence that Russia used social media to interfere in Brexit referendum”. Maybe now it’s time to launch a probe on US interference?  
Remember Alex Salmond whats yer plan B which went on for weeks,,the same people though can charge into brexit with no plan ANo wonder scots want out 
Tory donor and Pimlico Plumbers boss Charlie Mullins says "we need to back out" of Brexit and says he'll donate to the Lib Dems’ campaign to stop Brexit  
Don't stop there Jacob. You still owe the Civil Service a massive apology for claiming they were "fiddling the Brexit figures" just because you didn't like what those figures were.  
Dear Brexit voters,If you're trying to bring about a United Ireland, fair enough. I just find it peculiar that you would follow a campaign called "Take our Country back", only to lose part of it.  
Snowmen against brexit #snowmenagainstbrexit 
7/ but let's say that we are wrong and Mr Timothy and his hard Brexit pals are right. There is a simple way to shut us up, shut the remainers up and shut the EU up. Show us the plan. That's it. 
Davbid Davis flexing British muscles at last warning the £39 billion divorce payment for Brexit is off if the Eu tries to blackmail us over Irish border 
It’s clear @BorisJohnson is right: Hardcore Remainers are trying to stop Brexit through disgraceful & cynical backdoor means. This Fifth Column is declaring war on the British people  
Damage control is the only Brexit option for Britain's motor industry, MPs say  
WATCH: Tony Blair on #r4Today this morning on the dilemma facing the Gov in Brexit negotiations over Northern Ireland. To avoid a hard border & ensure frictionless trade, we must stay in the Customs Union & Single Market. Please RT:  
Wonder why @theresa_may would stop there being a second #Leveson Inquiry into media standards. Could it be that toxic fake news outlets help her cling to power and push a deranged Brexit that will hurt the poorest? #Leveson2 
Just to be clear Faisal, I'm not becoming a Lib Dem, but we're definitely fellow travelers when it comes to making people realise that Brexit CAN BE REVERSED. I shook Vince's hand yesterday and pledged financial support to that cause, that is a fact.  
Things you won't find out from BBC News #1994% of Small and Medium businesses say the Government is ignoring their Brexit concerns.And I thought the Tories were the voice of business?It's certainly not true now.They're stuck in a time-warp. 
HANDS OFF OUR FISH! EU told ‘you will get what you're given after Brexit’ 
We should all thank Tony Blair for continuing to pretend the referendum result is not binding.  Every utterance, every call for a second referendum turns more people against him and increases the support for Leave.Thanks Mr Blair. Bless you. Carry on. 
Before our historic referendum in 2016 John Major was clear that there would not be a second referendum on the EU. Now the pathetic clown is calling for one.What changed? Oh yes, that's right - HE LOST!  
Tory donor @PimlicoPlumbers Charlie Mullins tells @adamboultonSKY All Out Politics that he has spoken to Vince Cable, and he’ll now financially support the Lib Dem’s because of the Government’s position on Brexit  
#Isitworthitbus tour cancelled because of the weather...Why?!?!#BeastfromtheEast why you do this to me?!?!#EUsupergirl was on a #Brexit bashing roll!How can we #Stopbrexit if we can't even cope with a bit of #snow!  
Well if we're talking scientifically, and as within nature, friction is a force that resists the relative motion between two objects or materials.So politically, Brexit is, by definition, the force resisting the relative motion between the UK and the rest of the EU - friction. 
Genuine question  - With Labour betraying Brexit, what exactly did go on in this meeting between Corbyn & Co and M Barnier - the EU Chief Brexit negotiator?Answers on an EU draft Brexit paper please...  
A for AusterityB for BrexitC for Colonialism... #10p 
MPs of @CommonsCMS looking at fake news in the referendum should see this brazen article dismissing EU military union moves.Was a reality at the time and two years on EU military union is a fully-fledged structure.Two tiers, with the UK in and looking to stay in the lower tier.  
But Brexit is not clean. Brexit is dirty. Brexit is lies. Brexit is quitting. Brexit is betrayal. Brexit is poverty. Brexit is loss of influence. Brexit is loss of standing. Brexit is disaster. Brexit gives nothing, it only takes away. #StopBrexit #FBPE #WATON 
#JohnMajor and #TonyBlair should stay out of current affairs. We have on one had a politician that didn’t allow a free vote on #Maastricht and on the other a toxic war criminal who took us to war based on lies. They should be consigned to the history books forever. #Brexit  
CB Chair @giselastuart: ‘Major rejected calls for a referendum before signing the Maastricht Treaty which surrendered extensive powers to the EU. Now that 17.4 million people have voted to take back control, he again wants to ignore the voice of the public’ 
Spotted in Lidl 'Britain deserves better than brexit'. A German supermarket which statistically has more leave voters shop there than remainers. You couldn't make it up.  
EU and Labour tactics using veiled threats to get things kicking off in Ireland again if the British Govt and people don't back out of Brexit. Shameful. 
WM Tories are at it again, doing their utmost to exclude Scotland from decision making,and impose their deals on us :- In its Trade Bill, the UK Government is proposing being able to make post-Brexit trade deals behind closed doors.  
Toyota to build new Auris car at UK plant in Brexit boost for PM May  
“Brexit means Friction”  
Parliament bureau brings to floor controversial amendments to a motion, related to referendum and independence, despite Spanish attorney general's warning  
Tony Blair says the EU might change immigration rules to stop Brexit. He also said Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction so, you know, take it with a pinch of salt. 
Recognition from an unlikely source. Unionist commentator, Newton Emerson, in today's Irish Times.For the record SF MEPs will continue to make noise, For Ireland & Against Brexit.  
Donald Tusk, dozens of lawyers & every expert I've heard says frictionless trade after Brexit is impossible outside a customs union.Yet TommyPatriotH8NWO on here, who has amassed 7 followers with 37,000 tweets, says "That's bollox"Who to believe 
"We can't do Brexit because the IRA might not like it" is a weak argument  
European Council President Tusk Warns of Hard Border in Ireland After Brexit  
Back off, Barnier – leading article in the @spectator on a negotiator who seems intent on making Brexit talks harder and more acrimonious.  
EU Script received by Sir John Major 29th May 2016: "There will not be a second referendum", because the UK will be made to vote the way we want. EU Script received by Sir John Major 28th February 2018: "We need a second referendum" because the UK voted the wrong way. It stinks 
Everything about the UK's Brexit 'negotiation stance' is the stance of a chancer pulling a blag.  We're not even trying to negotiate.  We're trying to pull a fast one (Pain Free Brexit) and our only strategy is obfuscation, bluster and wishful thinking. #fbpe 
EU - Brexit is YOUR problem: Blair says Brussels UK exit will seriously ‘WEAKEN’ bloc  
The BBC made a mistake in its remorseless Brexit coverage. It often seems to think a negative forecast that says Brexit will damage this or that is “news” even though many of them have already been proved wrong by events, whereas any more optimistic forecast is played down. 
Trivia for St David’s DayThe word ‘Welsh’ comes from the Germanic word ‘Walha’ meaning foreigner. It was what the Anglo-Saxons called the people of Cymru..when they invaded Britain.I think this also explains Brexit negotiations  
This week's NS column: on Corbyn's big Brexit speech and who really runs Labour:  
Do hard Remainers not see what stopping Brexit would do to our democracy?  @AllisterHeath via @Telegraph 
Brexit lexiconSupport Brexit = patriotEveryone else = traitorI am proud traitor thenWho's with me?#FBPE #StopBrexit #brexit 
It's clear now that there is soon going to be a 2nd referendum or a change of government or both. We ought to start counting the costs thrown away to date on Brexit, because it's not going to be recoverable and it needs to be an issue. 
Brexit: John Major tears into Theresa May's strategy as 'grand folly' as she prepares for critical speech on EU  
Boris Johnson still running away from questions on Brexit like  
Remember it well - how could I forget!Our mortgage rate went up to 15.5% & the monthly payments took over half our combined income...#Brexit #EU 
I see you're as terrible at saying sorry as you are hiding the fact you personally stand to make millions from Brexit. 
No surprises. @beisgovuk says for car indusry to survive post #Brexit UK will need to retain existing EU regulatory & trading framework and that continued access to single market more important than securing new trade deals outside EU. #BrexitReality 
If the UK is going to allow a known-to-be-corrupted referendum to determine its medium- and long-term future then we may as well switch the lights off now. (Discuss).@Andrew_Adonis @acgrayling @ThatTimWalker @thatginamiller @JolyonMaugham @A50Challenge 
The forces of Remain are now winning the fightback against Theresa May's hard Brexit 
Public Image of the European Union before and after the Brexit Referendum.  
Brexit has cost the UK 36,803 jobs so far this year.Already this week it has led to 4,615 job losses.The total number of Brexit job losses since the referendum now stands at 92,756.THESE ARE JUST THE ONES WE KNOW ABOUT.#StopBrexit. Give the people a #FinalSay. 
Dominic Grieve, John Major, Ken Clarke: Sensible,rational conservative politicians pushed to the sidelines by the Brexit zealots. A tragedy.  
Major said the government was divided, deluded, and engaged in a deceit - that Brexit was anything other than a disaster for Britain.  
It cannot be denied, SNP is stronger for scotland. They are what keeps scotland from total totalitarian dominance which unionism and westminster would administer. #indyref2 #ScotRef #scotland #politics #snp #IndyRef #Brexit 
Ministers should publish in full the Brexit impact assessments for the automotive industry (and in fact every industry), then sit down with unions and employers to plan the way forward  
'From the British government in the past week or so we’ve had Mad Max Brexit, Oyster Card Brexit, and Better than a Packet of Crisps Brexit. And still the Labour party can’t make a serious dent on these idiots in the opinion polls.'@weegingerdug 
“There is no credible argument to suggest there are advantages to be gained from Brexit for the UK car industry", according to Business Committee chair Rachel Reeves.  
We are delighted to welcome Tony Blair at the European Policy Centre @epc_eu today in Brussels. The former British Prime Minister will deliver a speech on #Brexit and the #EU at 2pm (CET). Stay tuned! #TonyBlairEpc 
I voted leave, but democracy now requires a second vote on the terms of the deal. We are leaving on vastly different terms to that of what we were promised on referendum day. We owe that to future generations that are going to be effected by this decision! 
I've got a better idea Don. Manage the border using the existing technology and methods that work perfectly well all over the world. The problem is that you want to make an issue out of it to make Brexit as hard as possible and threaten to re-open a bloody civil war. Be ashamed.  
I have a relative who is a trade negotiator (for a country the UK is talking to) with a team that met Liam Fox's recently. Relative (who has no interest in Brexit) told me Fox's team were embarrassingly off the pace and were going to get seriously carved up in negotiations. 
A message for my M.P. @hilarybennmp It is not very often I agree with a @Conservatives supporter and a #Conservative ex #PrimeMinister to boot, but #JohnMajorSpeech made real senseWhy oh why do @UKLabour still support govt on #brexitWe must #StopBrexitSaveBritain@Labour4EU 
UH OH: The Mail is concluding Labour’s Brexit policy has caused a backlash in the north by interviewing four people from Doncaster; one of whom identifies as a Labour voter...  
Shameful behaviour of a sitting MP to call a knighted former Prime Minister a ‘traitor’. If ever we needed confirmation that brexit was a house of cards built entirely on bluster and mendacity this tweet is it . #JohnMajorSpeech 
The Brexit process continues, and so too does our campaign. We're going to keep on producing clear, reasoned legal analysis of the Brexit process. We'd be hugely grateful if you would support us. 
Outside Brussels there is little sign of wanting to punish the UK over Brexit.  
These are things that will irreparable damage the country, plus make it harder to save the NHS#Brexit#LexitHard BrexitSoft BrexitJobs first BrexitGreen BrexitRed, white & blue BrexitStaying in a Customs UnionThe only answer is to #stopbrexit#FBPE #StopbrexitsaveOurNHS 
Blair / Major: The idiots didn’t know what they were voting for. STOP BREXITWhat if Remain had won? Blair/Major: then the idiots knew exactly what they were voting for. 
What Brexiters dont understand is that businesses will choose the best jurisdiction where they can optimise commercialisation. They will choose the EU which spells a bleak future for new business growth in the UK or companies moving here. #Brexit gets madder by the day....  
Brexit is a faith-based idea. There are no facts to support it. 
"Three quarters of young people think Brexit is the wrong decision"  
This speech should have been given by Jeremy CorbynThis is exactly the what needed to be said. But Corbyn wants a hard Brexit.  He wants the UK to leave the Single Market. He wants the UK to leave the EU CUWe need an Opposition, not Corbyn #Stopbrexit 
Brexit is an internal Tory pyschodrama that has dominated politics on the British right since Thatcher’s Bruges speech. We’ve had 30 years of this nonsense.Brexiters have had decades to shape their Brexit strategy, and yet, they have failed to establish any coherent plan. 
Bloody EU, pointing out facts and expecting Brexiters to ditch their unicorns! It’s just so unreasonable.Ps. I would have thought that a man of God would put peace in Northern Ireland before Brexit aspirations. Seems like faith in Brexit is stronger than faith in God, for some. 
John Major is a true conservative: pragmatic, non-ideological, empirical, respectful of institutional wisdom ... compare with the Brexit ideologues for whom Eurospecticism is a faith  
‘Britain will not pay the multi-billion pound #Brexit divorce bill if Brussels does not back down over the Irish border’ @DavidDavisMP  warns. < Perhaps the blatantly discriminatory veto against #Gibraltar that Brussels gave Spain should get a mention too? Somehow it never does. 
New addition to the Brexit sub-genre of 'I don't understand it therefore we must leave'.  
Anna, I voted remain - but ask anyone in NI and they knew a vote to leave the EU would mean leaving the SM, CU and that there would have to be serious discussions about the border. Ordinary people in NI want the government to simply get on with delivering Brexit. 
Blair is one of few Brexit Reversers to realise it requires EU to change – but I think the EU has proved it won't 
Forgive me but I think it’s time you started to respect the 56% of people in Northern Ireland who voted #Remain no doubt because they fully understood the implications of #Brexit on the Border & #GFA 
Jeremy Corbyn's new Brexit stance is a sign that he wants to be Prime Minister:  
When the likes of Major & Blair ignore the fact we WON a referendum it proves they’re extremely rattled & will deliberately attack & betray us to overturn the ref, we need to constantly fight back & show them up for the traitors they are. 
BREAKING: Frictionless trade after Brexit is impossible outside a customs union, Donald Tusk tells Britain  
"There will not be another negotiation or another referendum""If we vote to leave, then we will leave"The 'Remainers' case for another referendum, or their claim about not knowing what we voted for shot down in one video.Please retweet far and wide#Brexit  
A new youth group determined to harness the power of a generation which feels cheated by Brexit. William Dry explains how it can apply pressure in critical ways.  
Great to see Major and Blair saving the British people from their own stupidity. One refused a referendum on any new EU Treaty and whipped them through parliament and the other cancelled a promised vote on Lisbon treaty. Wonder why we are where we are? Take a bow gentlemen. 
This is the new language of the post-Referendum world. You’re either with us or you’re against us. A saboteur. A traitor. The enemy. This wedge driven between people is comfortably the most serious and impactful outcome of the referendum. 
‘I realise our Brexit stance is unpopular enough to stop Dear Leader bringing in his own Brexit. Please vote for us’  
Rees-Mogg and Johnson can gamble away the future of the country safe in the knowledge that Brexit won't affect *people like them* - they're essentially playing Russian roulette with other people's heads. 
9 weeks only till the Local Elections! #LE2018. All citizens of EU28 countries can vote. Join our Twitterstorm 6-8pm Today! March 1st.Tweet using tag # HearOurVote to tell Labour & Tory that you will vote, but you won't vote for them & why! #ABTV Anti-Brexit Tactical Voting #FBPE 
UK red lines will determine shape of our future relationship. Next week I will present draft guidelines on this. Let’s be clear: there can be no frictionless trade outside the customs union and Single Market. Friction is an inevitable side effect of #Brexit. By nature. 
One possible consequence of UK #Brexit red lines is a hard border on the island of Ireland. EU27 wants to prevent this, hence the proposal to "establish a common regulatory area" – if no other solution found. Today in London I will ask if the UK government has a better idea. 
Scotland's top lawyer has hit back at the parliament’s presiding officer’s opposition to the SNP Government’s alternative Brexit repeal Bill. 
It may be harder for May to sell her Brexit trade vision to her own MPs than even to the EU27, especially after Sir John Major has rebranded “project fear” as “project know your own history”  
Just over 6,000 signatures needed to get over the line - RT with fury!Petition: Parliament's vote on the Brexit deal must include an option to remain in the EU.  
So, Jeremy Corbyn presents his U-Turn on #Brexit on Monday and the EU present their first legal draft of the Brexit withdrawal deal on Wednesday, presumably trying to undermine Theresa May's speech on Friday ...So what can we deduce from that ?  
Confused why many people furious that @Nigel_Farage is on @bbcquestiontime again tonight. Whether you love/hate him, there is surely no denying that he has been one of the most successful politicians (in my lifetime) in terms of achieving change? He’s v relevant voice on Brexit 
So according to Owen Jones @Andrew_Adonis can’t galvanise this anti Brexit, grass roots movement cos he’s member of the elite( (he was raised in care) or John Major (raised in Brixton). Only Corbyn can lead it (privately educated & anti EU all his life) cos he’s a socialist. 
Been thinking. This snow. It's brought us together. It's brought about a right blitz spirit.Or perhaps we should say... Brexit Spirit.We have looked out for each other like no other people on earth. Makes me proud to be British.We are #BetterTogether   
My Brexit Eunicorn has arrived, courtesy of kindly listener Adam.  
Diane Dodds MEP of DUP adds her voice to argument that Brexit reflects voters' demand to take control of borders. Mask slips. DUP seems to want a hard border. 
I apologise, yesterday I said the collapse of Maplin was most likely down to Amazon rather than Brexit. I was wrong.  
Edward Heath, Harold Wilson, Jim Callaghan, Margaret Thatcher, John Major, Tony Blair, Gordon Brown, & David Cameron: Whatever you think of them, EVERY former prime minister of the UK thinks/thought #Brexit a terrible idea.Even Theresa May supported REMAIN. 
Country falls apart because it snows. But we think we can handle Brexit and go it alone in the world. Hmmm. 
Actually Nick, I think John Major and Tony Blair are trying to apply detail as to the consequences of #brexit as statesmen they are deeply worried about the cavalier approach from the #UK Gov on brexit. 
Unbelievable that Tony Blair is able to cruise onto yet another top slot on R4 Today for yet another attack on Brexit and attempt to block it. The BBC is becoming the most important weapon of those who want to overturn UK democracy. Shameful and very foolish editorial decisions. 
Should MPs be given a free vote to accept or reject the final #Brexit deal? #JohnMajor - Sir John Major: Give MPs a free vote on Brexit deal  #johnmajorspeech RETWEET & VOTE  #YourVoiceMatters 
Genuinely puzzled as to what will be in @theresa_may’s speech. Only three things she can say that will be any different:1. She’ll commit to a second referendum2. She is standing down. 3. She has decided to call another General Election. Other than that what’s the point? 
European friends, read John Major's historical speech : "We are all urged to be “patriotic” and get behind #Brexit. But it is precisely because I am patriotic that I oppose it." One of the few decent politicians left standing in Britain. In full here:  
Hot take: people should mostly stop calling each other traitors, except in the 'betraying your country to a foreign power' sense (and where 'betraying' means actual betraying, rather than having the wrong opinion on Brexit) 
It’s Thursday.And #Brexit looks like a rabid cat. It’s backed itself into a corner and is hissing, spitting and growling. It needs to be put down.#StopBrexitSaveBritain#NoConfidence 
Your morning briefing: #StormEmma & the Beast bring more snow; May & Tusk in #Brexit talks; last day to use paper tenners 
The Battle for Brexit was won on 23 June 2016. The Battle for democracy continues, and has just become more intense:  
6 Tory Brexit rebels now want to give MPs and unelected Lords the power to veto international trade deals. This is yet more Remoaner opportunism designed to thwart Brexit. 
And the righteous anger of @mrjamesob is exactly the right response. Not just to idiots like this caller, but the despicable, reckless beyond belief hard Brexit zealots who are playing with fire over people's safety and security.  
"I find it not just disappointing but sickening that people should really be prepared to sacrifice peace in Northern Ireland on the altar of Brexit." - Tony Blair #r4today 
Barnier adviser challenges language of UK responses. Striking that major doubts about strategy of EU draft not just from media/politics. Also highly engaged experts like @StevePeers & @CER_Grant & @AllieRenison who nobody would ever confuse for hard brexit enthusiasts  
Significant interventions on Brexit from both Major and Blair in the last 48 hours.  Listening to their calm rational arguments highlights the real vacuum in leadership at the top of both the Conservative and Labour parties. #r4today 
People mocked May for saying “Brexit means Brexit” but Blair, Major, many senior civil servants & much of the EU now trying to persuade her that Brexit should mean something very different. This is the political fight of the century. Helmets on. 
Tony Blair on @BBCr4today: I feel a sense of obligation to speak up. The fact is we've waited for a year for the Government to advance its negotiating position, and the truth is we're no further on. Read Tony Blair's recent article on the #Brexit dilemma:  
If speeches by John Major and Tony Blair don’t reverse Brexit, I don’t know what will. 
I have only one criticism of John Major's speech: his phrase "life as we know it won't come to an end". For tens of millions of us it absolutely *will* come to an end. Brexit will make our lives smaller, poorer, colder and more isolated. Like being torn from a loving family. 
It’s like clockwork. An anti Brexit speech, that should be made by the leader of the Labour Party, is made by someone else and Owen Jones panics. He doesn’t support the speech but rather attacks those who may agree with it & have 2nd thoughts about Corbyn   
Irish PM urges Sinn Fein to take seats in Westminster to thwart a hard Brexit  
"The Beast from the East"1. Really bad snowy weather - for a few days only, quickly forgotten about2. Brexit - catastrophe for generations. 
Today will be another arghh! look who I'm agreeing with day.  Tony Blair, @campbellclaret , John Major. I want to be a left-leaning Labour supporter but Brexit. 
It has been another awful week for May – Corbyn finally has some skin in the Brexit game, Boris Johnson opened his trap again and even mild-mannered John Major stuck the boot in.  
Blair says it's "sickening" that people would sacrifice peace of Northern Ireland for Brexit. Here's Nobel laureate David Trimble, a signatory of the Good Friday Agreement, on why the peace has nothing to do with the border.   
Jacob Rees-Mogg called John Major ‘the elite’ and these are the only 9 responses you need  #JohnMajor #johnmajorspeech #JacobReesMogg #brexit  
Tony Blair: "I find it sickening that people should be prepared to sacrifice the peace of Northern Ireland on the altar of Brexit." #r4today 
In the land of the Brexit blind, one-eyed John Major proves king  
John Major has a comfortable life, Brexit won't harm him personally. He could relax watching cricket so why bring the hatred of the Daily Mail on himself? Because he's an honest man who knows Brexit will make us poorer. Best anti-Brexit i/v for ages.  Respect to him. #FinalSay 
Morning @BorisJohnson - Is it true you got a hefty donation from Brexit-backing hedge fund managers just shortly after you said this? Just asking for a friend.  
Why Brexit should be stopped, in one tweet  
ULTIMATUM: David Davis warns there'll be no Brexit divorce bill cash unless the EU drops its Customs Union demands in Northern Ireland.It's time the government hit back with a few demands of its own. 
Time for May to stand up and admit that #Brexit is a crock of cr@p, is damaging, was over sold and under thought out, can't be delivered as promised and should be cancelled. 
BREXITRemainer MPs are causing IMMENSE damage to Britain by undermining the Prime Minister’s negotiating strength by trying to rewrite Brexit. Brexit means leaving the single market, the customs union & ECJ jurisdiction. It means HONOURING the referendum.  
If the EU produces the first draft of the EU-UK trade agreement before Brexit day, it may well have an effect on the unrealistic expectations of many supporting a speedy exit. 
The snow is because of #Brexit. Even though it doesn't exist because of climate change. 
