You can smell the undoubted odour of a government decomposing. Amber Rudd’s forced resignation, increasingly bitter divisions over its Brexit policies & Lycamobile, a major donor to the Tory party, being prosecuted for a tax scam, all point to a government in terminal disarray. 
Dear Mrs May @theresa_may Your Home Secretary gone awayYour Cabinet in disarray You have to find somebody soonWho isn't a swivel eyed loonAll this on top of local electionsSo many distractionsBrexitStill no clueWhat to doWell here's a clue  
Lord Bilimoria calls on MPs to show ‘guts’ and drop Brexit“The right thing to do if they believe in the interests of the country is to have the guts to say this [Brexit] is absolute nonsense,” said @Lord_BilimoriaWell said. We should #Remain in the EU. 
Because changing nothing can change everything. Look for our Beauty Mark on photos of models that have not been thinned, smoothed or digitally altered.    
Next week is here, 3rd of May is just a few days away. The local Tory candidate will be standing against an independent (former Tory councillor) amongst others. I will not be wasting my vote on any party who wants Brexit. If you don't want Brexit please don't vote Tory or Labour. 
The vulnerable are also UK citizens and their families in the EU 27 whose lives have been in the balance since the UK referendum @BremainInSpain @BritishInEurope @BritsinGermany 
Now we need to get rid of May and ditch Brexit. 
SNP must stand against UK Brexit power grab 
Wow.  Any remaining questions about the LP front bench on Brexit and a #FinalSay?If you keeping lending them your vote they will keep denying you want you think is in the best interests of the country.3 May #LE2018.  Vote PRO EU Party only.  Send a message you mean business! 
ANOTHER BREXIT BETRAYAL: Britain to offer EU immigration deal ‘very similar’ to free movement.  What is Wrong with this Woman?  Unbelievably Weak!                    #fo2eu 
“Increasingly bitter divisions over its Brexit policies.”Pot. Kettle. Black.  
How can a government which perpetrates the Windrush scandal be trusted with Brexit? asks @CitySamuel 
I agree with Madeleina, Andy.  Use PCPEU.  If you are willing to harm jobs, the economy and public services as you must be to put JC first over Brexit, you are no #FBPE.#FBPE recognise the LP CU trope is a sop not a solution. 
“Six government departments have already spent £346m on Brexit - enough to pay for 6,310 nurses.”... at a time when our total nursing staff is falling thanks to EU nurses leaving in droves. 
Ending #Austerity is not compatible with #BrexitThe sooner #Corbyn realises this the better.#StopBrexit 
If only we had a competent opposition front bench, not anchored by being complicit in the Tory's sinister Brexit, to finish them off. 
You once told Tory Party conference that the public sees you as "the nasty party" @theresa_may Under YOUR stewardship it is now well and truly seen as #TheRacistParty.A hard right mess of a party cannot be trusted with Brexit, so #MayMustGo. Amber Rudd enacted May's cruelty 
Stop me if you disagree:All voters in 2016 thought their vote would make UK life betterWhether Brexit does that depends on the new relationship with the EUThe Deal will tell us what that new relationship isNone of us trust the government with that#PeoplesVote 
Why bother removing the Tories from Gov to have the identical Tory policies administered by Labour. Who cares who delivers - STOPPING BREXIT  is all that matters - I have no party loyalty.  Con/Lab haven't earned it from me. 
The money raised from The Ruby Sessions over the next 4 weeks will go to @Together4yes and we're proud to support their campaign in the upcoming referendum. Give women a CHOICE and #repealthe8th 
There is no majority in either House of Parliament for Brexit, if only they would have the courage to stop it instead of hiding behind its lingering - and therefore costly & divisive - death.  
WHAT?You and the rest of Corbyn's Cronies are supporting the Tory Party's Brexit Policy, with, YOUR, LAB/CON Brexit Alliance! 
The EU is bringing new transparency laws into effect ...in 2019.The same year as #Brexit.Interesting.  
The careerist, sociopathic, anti-humanitarian, racist, DUP dealmaker who couldn’t negotiate her way out of her own driveway lot let alone Brexit, has GOT TO GO. TORIES OUT!  #MayMustGo 
We’re flooded with unaltered selfies  But we  WANT  MORE Love your look?  Reply with a selfie Support women?  Reply with a selfie Feeling ?  Reply with a selfie. Use  and look for yourself on our live Times Square billboard! 
Actually many of us supported JC for a long time - thought he was the Messiah but we found it J stood for Judas as he supported Farage and Tory Brexit - he has made it damned clear he has no interest in representing Reman so he don't need our votes  
spook views.make no mistake RU disiformation campaigns are involved in both Brexit and Trump elections.T is a useful idiot being used to damage western democracies.minimally we need to wake up to what has been going on beneath our laundered minds.  
Your turn now, Bogus Johnson, Lying Fux, Dippy Davis & Theresa Mayhem!You’re all liars - you’ve all been caught..... We don’t want you, we don’t want your Brexit - so now, just f°ck off & save our nation! #ofoc #fbpe #waton #abtv @10DowningStreet @theresa_may @BorisJohnson #ffs 
1. Labour supports hard Brexit.2. The ratification process for Brexit begins in less than 100 workdays.3. Perhaps you need to realign your priorities to real life.#FBPE 
HEPI calls for an urgent reinvigoration of part-time learning before Brexit, more support ...  
A red Brexit will be just as bad as a blue Brexit. #ExitFromBrexit #FBPE 
I want to fight brexiteers not have remainers acting to help brexit because they cant get beyond their hatred of the tories. 
It's fantastic to see This referendum will be on a knife edge, it's the one to one conversations that are making the difference. Many on social media have already decided so repealers please Join your local @Together4yes and get out knocking on the doors. We can do this  
One thought on Amber Rudd quitting: Home Secretary in the current climate is a monster of a job. All the stuff that comes with it normally (crime, police, anti-terror etc) as well as the *colossus* which will be designing and implementing the UK’s post-Brexit immigration policy. 
EU style 'democracy' is Supreme!Brussels "motivate" naughty Poland & Hungary for falling short of EU 'democratic values'"The proposal will include temporary freezing of funds in order to motivate a change of behaviour among [Eastern #EU] states"#Brexit 
Don't please. Stop Brexit is in sight but we need a final push over the summer. 
Remoaners draw up 'aggressive' tactics handbook in bid to halt Brexit  #FBPE #StopbrexitYep - I've stopped saying "please" to anyone I think voted #leave - that should swing it! 
#HostileEnvironment was just one of the boils which surfaced from the whole xenophobic infection of Brexit. Losing Rudd means little. This is 100% on Theresa May.  
David Davis misled the Brexit committee over the impact assessments and didn't resign. 
Unfortunately, I’m hearing May wont replace Rudd with a Brexiteer. She’ll apparently only replace her with a remainer. I was hoping for Mogg but she wants a Brexit balance which is the main #Brexitshambles problem 
Anger over customs 'partnership' where UK is EU's tax collector, unable to make Free Trade deals & ties Britain to #EU rules.“If [May] does not listen to Brexiteers on Wednesday & goes with these ridiculous proposals then there will be trouble.”#Brexit 
Turbulent night politically, but don't forget the undemocratic HoL's. Give them a message. 123,658 signatures so far. Push it further!Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  
Yes it is a problem when you fundamentally disagree with your own policy. Mrs May’s problem on Brexit & why it will ultimately collapse too  
On the plus side, I suppose if May’s government collapses we still get all the smouldering ruins of Brexit with the added bonus of being annexed by Putin without further pathetic resistance. 
These are questions for us as a country: how do regulate election and referendum campaigns in 2018? Have we had a debate about how this works? Are we legislating? Are we not? Do we know how all this works today? 
My motivation to stand was to show my support for the @The3Million who make up some of my closest friends and my family who have made their home in the EU with FOM.  We need to make sure that people are put first in however we go about Brexit. #LE2018 #The3MillionVote 
What is amazing about the FIVE resignations since last June's election is none of them were about Brexit. 
Of course, another big question now is whether Rudd will follow her Remainer instincts on key Brexit issues & corresponding votes from the backbenches. 
I suspect this won’t be the last of these civil service leaks. They’ve been stretched to the limit with the @theresa_may net migration targets & #Brexit. Being blamed for #Windrush & the treatment of Olly Robbins probably the last straw 
May's inability to appoint Rudd's successor immediately speaks of probable chaos inside 10 Downing St. She's had 2 weeks to prepare a backstop but can't choose her own Home Sec because Johnson/Gove have veto rights over Brexit balance. There is clearly no Plan B. 
Dear .@AmberRuddHRI realise you're hurting. After all, you've been bullied by your own party + the press & hung out to dry by a PM you sheilded & whose back you covered when you stepped into a TVdebate 2 days after your dad died.Want to atone for #Windrush? Vote against #Brexit 
What a time in UK politics! 1. Brexit. 2. A snap General Election. 3. Northern Ireland: over a year without a devolved government.4. First Minister of Wales resigns.5. The resignation of 4 UK Cabinet Ministers in just 6 months! Strong and stable right? #MayMustGo 
As for Rudd: may well go down in history for encouraging & tolerating not one unforgivable policy, but two. Only possible path for rehabilitation is to devote herself to migrants’ rights & rebel against gov on Brexit at every opportunity. Come on Amber, it’s the least you can do. 
Nope - absolutely the opposite. Government is for 5 years, but Brexit is a life sentence. 
Rudd, May et al knew all along about #windrush and the possible consequences. They went along knowingly against people who contributed so much to the UK. What a shame! And what can #EU people expect if that is the way #windrush generation is being treated? #brexit 
#The3MillionVoteWandsworth @LibDems candidate Pat Durai-Bates (@PatDB_LibDem) pledges to support EU citizens locally throughout the Brexit process. #LE2018Are you a local candidate? You too can pledge to support EU citizens locally here: 
#AmberRudd has done the right thing in resigning after misleading parliament; but what of all the other ministers in this government who have misled parliament, sometimes repeatedly, over #Brexit & other issues? When will they go?  
A quick reminder of recent history: Cameron, Osborne and May were seeking to placate the right of their party and out flank UKIP. The hostile environment policy—and the EU referendum—emerge from this manoeuvring. We’re still feeling the effects of these Tory machinations 
Amber Rudd is gone?!!! Thank goodness now the #Windrush #NHS and #Brexit scandals are over and Britain can get back to normal. Wonder if there were explosions like at the end of a American action film 
"Still, unlike Morgan, Soubry, Grieve, she will know exactly where the bodies are buried on internal Cabinet Brexit discussions about customs unions and Northern Ireland and more. That could be very dangerous indeed..."  
Brexit, what happens next?Leaked documents link Theresa May to the Windrush targets and the hostile environmentBoris resigns on a pretextLeadership contestA Remoaner wins#PeoplesVote#RemainI'm taking bets. #FBPE 
One of the many tragedies of Brexit is that the Brits that live in the 27 were not permitted to vote on something that affects their country of birth and loved ones living here. The social fabric of this union is ruined by Brexit. 
No Cabinet minister has yet resigned over Brexit (hello @DavidDavisMP!) but of the five Cabinet ministers to resign/"resign" in last six months, four of them were Remainers. 
BREAKING: Amber Rudd resigns as U.K. Home Secretary after a controversy involving the status of migrants  
Our mandate to hold an independence referendum is not in doubt, and I have no doubt we will use that mandate.So my focus is on laying the foundations to win the next independence referendum. That work needs to start now. 
Rudd was a remainer - she could be a pesky backbencher for Theresa May. She only has a majority of 346 and her political career might depend on her joining the Tory Brexit rebels. 
Stand up to EU or QUIT: May braces for Brexit revolt with Tories poised to oust PM  
Rudd can now return to the old line I heard her say at a Parliamentary reception before the Brexit referendum..."Brexit is for the birds" #ParliamentaryArtithmetic 
Theresa May accepts Amber Rudd's resignation ... Rumour has it she will be replacing her with Keir Starmer to keep the Brexit / Remain balance unchanged.  
oh dear @FraserNelson was another one mugged by reality - falling retail sales, falling inflation, falling wage growth, falling business and consumer confidence, falling PMIs horrible GDP data any prospect of a rate rise gone - all because Brexit is an folding DISASTER  
•HOW TO GROW ON FT FAST•Like this tweet and follow everyone who likes this tweet and you will instantly gain followers. Trust me.BREXIT MEANS BREXIT 
Irish anti-abortion groups have been doing under-handed things for decades. I completely get the issue with online ads but it's not new. "Are they trying to undermine the Referendum Commission?". Yes, yes they are 
'No deal Brexit negotiating card'. Amazing.  
Right. Now she's out of the cabinet she needs to stalk talking sense about Brexit. 
Some of the Tory MPs who have received donations from wealthy Russians. By pushing through #Brexit and by weakening democracy with a torrent of lies the Tories and the right-wing press are helping Putin's hybrid war against democracy.#BrexitBetraysBritain#StopBrexit #VoteEU 
I don’t understand why @UKLabour, who are supposed to be in opposition and have the best wishes of the country in their minds, keep abstaining from Brexit votes. I won’t vote Labour until @jeremycorbyn goes and Labour change their stance on EU membership. 
I'm just fuming at Theresa May now. Enough is enough. This liberal in conservative clothing is a disaster for Brexit and this country. 
I admit it, I'm an anti-Brexit Russian bot. #Idiot 
Iain MacwhirterSturgeon is all that stands between Scotland and May's power-grabWhy does she bother? Nicola Sturgeon has had precious little support from the Scottish press for her efforts to defend the powers of the Scottish parliament against Brexit. 
I had an exchange on Free Speech today with a left-leaning anti-Brexit type who ended up admitting he was now leaning towards authoritarianism because - effectively - the plebs cannot be trusted with freedom.That’s now a thing a person on the ‘left’ says openly. Scary times. 
Still, it's done now. May as well save it as a single image for the next year of "This Isn't The Brexit We Voted For!" stories.  
EU tells banks to fix their £96 trillion Brexit headache  
The person that thinks Brexit is deliverable as described by #VoteLeave would need to be deluded, intellectually challenged, naive beyond measure and very very drunk. #FBPE 
Cis gay guys on Facebook saying LGBTQI+ people shouldn't campaign for a yes vote because "being gay, bi, or trans has nothing to do with the referendum"... If I don't laugh I'll cry, yano? 
Our politicians are against UK democracy & are siding with the EU against us.Instead of accepting the Brexit vote & working for the good of the country,they are conspiring to destroy Brexit bit by bit.A brexit bill,a transition period,a customs union & now continued free movement  
I'm just so ecstatic because Burger King added something called like...funnel cake fries to their menu. 
Vince Cable welcomes  Lords’ voting influence on Brexit votes; so with 8 seats in elected Commons & 108 in unelected Lords, & Lindens having campaigned for abolition of the Lords for years, where’s the principled Libdem policy on this Vince? Wanting yer cake ‘n eat it Vince??!! 
The current prime minister can rescue her reputation by the simple expedient of giving the British people the final say on whether or not to proceed with the government’s vision for Brexit.  
The impact of Brexit on EU citizens and their families. The uncertainty must end.  
I guess we're all happy enough letting *whoever* push ads into Ireland during a referendum campaign like this one. Including our politicians.If you feel like I've been droning on about this issue with some alarm now for years, it's because I have. 
ON POST 8/8 POLITICS.Kenya doesn't need a referendum at this moment. We don't have the time, energy or resources for such nonsense. If counties want to form blocs then it is their own business. We have to make a decision, development or politics! 
Brexiteers' targeting of Olly Robbins evidence of their frustrated impotence - their lack of credible Brexit plan means civil service have had to step in and 'take back control'. Getting rid of him, as though he's solely responsible for this state of affairs, wouldn't change much 
If you are a Labour voter that can't vote for Corbyn's @UKLabour party because of their continued support of Brexit then vote for the Green Party at the local election on the Thursday 3th May #ABTV #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote 
Brexit never was going to be a success when the best the Brexeratti could come up with after 40 odd years is 'Brexit means Brexit '. I mean, seriously?  
Demand for  organic in the UK exceeds supply and is growing year on year. Much of this demand is met by imports. How do you think the government can ensure that we don’t turn to imports, instead of supporting British farmers, post-Brexit?  #FutureFarming 
Patrick Blower  on Theresa May, supermarket mergers and Brexit – political cartoon gallery in Putney  
I still remember when David Davis MP ducked out of Brexit talks in Brussels after about an hour. Government papers show he had to dash off back to London, for a meeting with Daily Mail Editor, Paul Dacre. Now you know who's pulling their strings. 
Has #Brexit produced more crazy views? Or were they always there just waiting to find the issue & moment?  
After the Kurds held independence referendum, the Iraqi government didn't commit genocide against them, @HaiderAlAbadi said during al-Nasr Coalition elections campaign in Diyala.-Wow, very kind! Photo: Abrams tank used by Iraqi forces during attacks on Kurdistan. 
We voted at the EU Referendum to get our country back under our own control without foreign interference and yet have been subjected to insults from minority Remoaners and the elite Establishment ever since. Well: Get a life, respect the democratic verdict, and p*ss right off. 
Theresa May will be ousted as Prime Minister if she U-turns on her promise to leave the EU's customs union after Brexit, a Tory MP has warned  
Ukip leader slams post-Brexit preferential immigration system for EU migrants as 'racist'  
Ekuru Aukot launched an initiative to collect signatures for a referendum meant to reduce parliamentary representation and cut the public wage bill. Kenyans barely noticed. They will take notice when their tribal leaders launch an initiative to create seats for election losers 
The best way of getting rid of the Tories is to get rid of Brexit as fast as possible, it would utterly shatter the Tory party, it would be defeated, broken and ripped apart by bitter internal conflicts. But Corbyn ain't helping!#StopBrexit #VoteEU!#Brexit #ABTV 
SNP need to go on the offence w 500 questions, like what will be the price of a stamp, post Brexit? Will UK have to drive on the American side of the road? What will an Empire biscuit cost? Will we be more at risk from outer space? How much will chlorinated chicken & chips cost 
I was invited on Peston to talk about UKIP, the Local Elections, & Brexit. But then only he asked me about Tommy Robinson & Islam. If he had told he only wanted to talk about those things I would have accepted anyway. Just reinforces my views on MSM.  
Tory guide to the meaning of consent Do you consent to Scotland becoming  independent?Vote Yes    = Consent Vote  No     = Consent Don’t vote = Consent If Tory logic is good for Clause 11 It will be good enough for an Independence Referendum  
Americans meddling in the referendum ... ‘coordinating attacks against pro choice supporters, sending abusive private messages, recirculating fear mongering articles from dubious sources’     
Brilliantly put Chris and every day I ask myself how on earth has this great country got itself into this perfect storm for a destructive hard Brexit pathway! 
Perhaps the biggest irony of Brexit is that those with the knowledge and skill to even try to deliver it almost certainly aren't true believers in it, whilst those who are true believers in Brexit almost certainly don't have the knowledge and skill to even begin to deliver it.  
Boris Johnson's brother on @channel4news refusing to show any sympathy or understanding of the #windrush citizens' harrowing plight.Post #Brexit: there will be 3 million #EU citizens also scrambling for their #humanrights But what do they care? #ToriesMustGo #fbpe #Racism 
Rep @SteveKingIA said: Kurds have earned their independence. Referendum should’ve been honored. Height of Iraq war, Kurdistan was only place I could take off my body armor in a safe place. I look to discussions with @MikePompeo_ & @AmbJohnBolton on how we can help the Kurds. 
Men, let's get out and vote. Make sure you are registered. Every vote counts.Only four more weeks to go to the  #Referendum. Let's do this for our sisters, daughters, wives, girlfriends & mates. Their responsibility is our responsibility too.  #menforyes #TogetherForYes #8thref 
Michel Barnier signals Britain's financial institutions should expect the same access as the U.S. after Brexit  
The civil service purge continues. All non-belivers in the magic of Brexit must be banished.The Brexity Sunday Times gives a piece to ‘Leave Means Leave’ campaign to chase out Ollie Robbins.If expertise gets in the way of fantasy- just remove the expertise. Simples.  
I strongly agree now as when first posted. Always worrying that Brexiteers so keen to attack not just overt Remainers but anyone with EU experience: Rogers, Scholar, now Robbins. Knowledge of how EU works crucial for Brexit talks, yet often ignored or even vilified!  
Jürgen Klopp has said that Brexit makes "no sense" and called for a second referendum on Britain staying in the EU  
Ironically you're more likely to remember that show if you're older and from the North East, two of the biggest Brexit-voting demographics. 
Remember the TV programme Auf Wiedersehen Pet, about the men from Newcastle who left the UK at a time when unemployment was high and find work in Germany....?These are the options Brexit would take from us. 
Right now, British citizens have the automatic right to live in 28 different countries. No visa applications. Just need to have a job there. In practice that means all of Europe is our Home.Brexit is like knocking down 96% of your house and claiming victory. 
Austerity will not stop after Brexit.It will carry on but this time it will be more than ideology. Public spending will be adjusted to match the economy.Labour or Tory. When we leave the EU, this will be the reality.#FBPE #StopBrexit #brexit #ABTV 
National Security Advisor @AmbJohnBolton supports Kurds.”I think US should recognize decision of  #Kurdistan referendum. I don’t think the old #Iraq we knew is ever coming back together again. The sooner we understand that the better. #Kurds have long deserved their own country.” 
There must be other Leave regret voters but a no deal or hard Brexit outcome will in my view over the coming years generate loads more.  
For anyone who has read the 'Touchy Feely That's Not My' toddlers' series, David Allen Green's parody 'That's not my Brexit' should put a smile on your face. Do thank him for it. I just want to cheer up my timeline with it. Haven't been able to laugh about Brexit for some time.  
“Is it just me or do you feel that Theresa May is sending us a clear signal about the Brexit deal?”  
An important piece here. "We estimate there are in fact 1.8m to 3.6m British people living part-time or full-time in the EU27 for whom Brexit is proving disruptive"  
My kinda car #Brexit  
Sad if true. Sir Ivan Rogers seemingly also resigned for telling the truth. Civil Servants role as experts is to advise politicians on the truth as they see it as politics is the art of the possible not the hard Brexit impossible dream of a cake and eat it EU trade deal for UK. 
Handing out #PeoplesVote leaflets in a local market today. We had a lot of people stop to say everything about Brexit is a shambles. Amongst the more hardcore Remainers there seems little appetite for a People’s Vote - they just want Parliament to #StopBrexit 
In 1956 the UK was brutally humiliated by the USA after vastly overestimating its power in the Suez crisis. Now much the same kind of humiliation is being dished out to Britain by the EU. How long before the last delusions of empire are finally shaken off?#StopBrexit #Brexit 
If you are left wing and support Brexit. How does the fact that Brexit will hurt the working classes the most, sit with you. I am seriously confused by your approach.#FBPE #StopBrexit #brexit 
I don't believe Theresa May is weak when it comes to Brexit. She's calculated & knows exactly what she's doing to deliver a Brexit in name only. Only the ballot box will make her stop & listen. Brexiteers know what has to be done. 
Tomorrow will see an attempt in the House of Lords led by Viscount Hailsham (ex-MP Douglas Hogg) with Labour and Lib Dem support to give unelected peers the powers to block Brexit. @CJCHowarth explains all on @BrexitCentral: 
Baroness Ludford and I disagreed on loads of things for 15 years as fellow London MEPs but we both now agree on the destructive and selfish act of Brexit particularly the hard Brexit current policy sadly being pursued. 
#Brexit is not a glorious liberation from the EU, it is a shambolic retreat from Europe by a confused frightened and incompetent country unable to understand the realities of the modern world. Let's restore pride #StopBrexit #VoteEU!#ABTV 
#Brexit is looking bad for us in every single sense. @theresa_may must wake-up before it is too late and grant the public a final say on the deal and a chance to #ExitFromBrexit. 
If you ask Graeme Souness about any of the following, you may need protective gear:- Granit Xhaka- Paul Pogba- Dabbing- Brexit - Young kids being on their phones so much these days 
Gina Miller brands the will of the people UTTER NONSENSE as she DEMANDS second Brexit vote #stopbrexit #PeoplesVote #ABTV 
'Jaw-dropping' £300 billion negative swing in foreign investment flows since Brexit  via @LondonEconomic 
Between a Brexit supporting Tory government and an anti-NATO Labour leadership, Putin is spoilt for choice in the UK. Useful idiots to the left of me, useful idiots to the right of me. 
Brexit: it's exactly like when Jo O'Meara left S Club 7 to pursue solo success. She flirted with racism on Big Brother, solo career cashed. Reduced to doing Butlins, Uni gigs, and panto.Eventually rejoined S Club 7, 11 years later. 
WATCH  | DUP's Nigel Dodds sets four criteria for Britain's trading arrangement with the EU. The Customs Union only satisfies one (just). Independent trade policyEnsures UK's economic integrityDelivers on the referendumFrictionless trade (but only with EU)  
Do not vote Tory or Labour on May 3rd. Do not vote Tory or Labour on May 3rd. Do not vote Tory or Labour on May 3rd. Do not vote Tory or Labour on May 3rd. Do not vote Tory or Labour on May 3rd. Do not vote Tory or Labour on May 3rd. Got it yet?#FBPE #ABTV #BREXIT 
Abolish the House Of Louts NOW and get rid of these anti-Brexit fools...> Peter Mandelson.> Shami Chakrabati.> Neil Kinnock.> Andrew Adonis.> John Prescott.#AbolishHouseOfLords 
Lord Dubs tables Brexit bill amendment to force Govt to continue the Dublin III EU rule post Brexit to give young refugees sanctuary  
As long as Brexit has not been delivered as 17.4 Brexiteers wanted, the Brexit parties will always be fighting for the Brexit we voted for. The local elections in May will be a great opportunity for Brexiteers to make PM May sit up & listen. Vote wisely, vote smart, vote Brexit. 
Images have power, but so do you. Help us represent beauty as it really is — unretouched. Show your support. Share your  selfie. 
What Brextiers called "Project fear" was always #BrexitReality. Now, the predictions are turning out to be true. The economy is tanking and Brexit is to blame. #StopBrexit. 
This would be a dismal reply to the #Brexit vote and would give way to a new UKIP-style partyA big reason why Britain voted for Brexit, and why Cameron's "renegotiation" failed, is because a majority of voters want meaningful reform of immigration  
Brexit is turning into a three way fight between The People of Britain, The British Establishment and the EU. Only one contender has the power of true justice and righteousness on their side. 
"Lord Bilimoria calls on MPs to show ‘guts’ and drop Brexit" 
Dear @rockallisland I know you are uninhabited & have to stay so but I am sentient rather than human. Could I come for a short break some time, please? I promise not to divide the gannets by confessional or national identities. I’d love to get away from Brexit for a few days, IBx 
Brexit was mis-sold to the public. And it’s collapsing under the weight of its own contradictions.Share this great thread by @guitarmoog taking apart Brexiters’ claims one by one.And back a #PeoplesVote to #StopBrexit and #Remain in the EU. #FBPE. 
Important message from @MichelBarnier on the Northern Ireland border ahead of tomorrow’s All Island Civic Dialogue in Dundalk #GFA #Peace #Brexit  
Too many anti Brexit parties and outfits translate action into sending journalists literally ten pointless press releases a day. That is not a way to convert people. It is a way to alienate them. It is time to get behind @LibDems if you're serious about fighting Brexit. 
Labour front bench abstaining because their leader wants Brexit. They want to deny you your democratic right to a vote on the final  say. Remember that on 3rd May. If you don't want Brexit then don't vote Tory or Labour on 3rd May. Tell Corbyn and May loud and clear, no Brexit.  
With so many MPs even now so badly misinformed on Brexit, I suggest the average voter, myself included, did not have a fucking clue what they were voting for. If you voted leave & want to tell me you did I will call you a barefaced fucking liar. You could not have possibly known.  
Brexit Secretary Ally Warns May Will be Ousted if She Surrenders to EU on Customs Union - she should be Fired anyway.  A shit PM!         #fo2eu  
My nan is voting yes in the up coming referendum a 75 year old woman who believes that future generations deserves a choice, can more old people be like her please 
If @missdianemorgan doesn’t win every one of the 119 comedy performance awards up for grabs over the next 51 weeks, that’ll be proof, once and for all, that Brexit is a mistake.  
We must have a true believer in Brexit facing the EU in these vital talks. Robbins has tried and failed. It is time for him to go, writes @TiceyOfficial and @JLongworthLML 
GREAT NEWS : EU agrees on total ban of the use of bee-harming #neonicotinoids pesticides to help #SaveTheBees We must now demand the UK government uphold this ban after Brexit.  
“Amazon, Brexit and poor management”  
This is nothing short of treason. The British people have already made it crystal clear they want sovereignty, border enforcement & free trade - everything that this government is stymying. Hard #Brexit now, or #NoDeal. 
'They are trying to STOP Brexit' Sky News host in SHOCK outburst against civil service  
Love to see amazing crowd welcome PPP Chairman @BBhuttoZardari ,it is referendum against target killers and extortionists ruined the city of lights in last 30 years .#BilawalKarachiKa 
Well listen to a bit of advice Jules.  Brexit is shit. Half the country didn’t vote for it. The U.K. economy is going tits up. It has unleashed unparalleled xenophobia. You are all running around like headless chickens with May at the top scared witless of her own cabinet.  
MAY 3RDLet's make the message LOUD and CLEARNo to BREXIT - it just won't workWe want a #peoplesvote 
Remainers, stop sodding about and vote for an anti brexit party in the local elections on the 4th of may.Stop with the stupid excuses of "you'll just let the tories in". The tories are already in and they will still be in whoever you vote for, its not a GE. 
Lets get one thing straight if brexit bombs its the fault of those who voted for it and those who spent 20years campaigning for it and didn't give an iota of thought to implementing it. You won it you own it 
In addition to Brexit and Trump, Russia backed Catalan independence in Spain, far-right Le Pen in France, the anti-establishment M5S in Italy, and far-right parties throughout Europe. Russia does this not because of ideological affinity, but because a weaker West is its priority. 
Comedian #MichelleWolf nailing the press last night at #WHCD. 'Cause many helped enable Trump. Here:many of the press enabled #Brexit.Now they have evidence that the electorate  might have been played at GE2017?But not EUref-in 2016?Absurdtxt - @farhip 
The Left’s opposition to Brexit is based on a mixture of bad economics, flawed understanding of the European Union, and lack of political imagination.  
The Customs Union debate was quite farcical, promoted by some Labour MPs who broadly have two things in common: their desire to overturn the result of the referendum and their opposition to Jeremy Corbyn, writes @KateHoeyMP 
It’s absurd that we’re closer to resolving the Korean border issue than the Irish one. Perhaps Kim Jong-Un can negotiate Brexit for us? 
During the referendum, figures from all sides — from Vote Leave to the government — said that leaving the EU meant leaving the single market and customs union, writes @annietrev 
People got hot and bothered during the EU Ref when I dared to suggest Brexit was about racism. Now no one says anything. It is what it is. 
This is why labour will ultimately lose future elections. They think that by abstaining they will not get the blame for the brexit fiasco- but they are just as culpable. 
Daily Mail outraged at the idea of EU border control for Brits.If only there were some kind of union of nearby countries guaranteeing free movement among its members...Brexit is crazy. #StopBrexit. Hold a #PeoplesVote to #Remain in the EU. 
Gina Miller brands the will of the people UTTER NONSENSE as she DEMANDS second Brexit vote  
Interesting hours after reported Cabinet source criticism of top Brexit negotiator  
Where to start with this nonsense? Brexit very obviously opposes ITSELF. There are still no tangible benefits - only the opposite. To support it is not ‘patriotism’, it is betrayal of the nation’s future.  
Lady Noakes, ‘independent’ deputy chair of Ofcom, regulator of the BBC, who has voted  with the Govt in 7 out of 7 Brexit votes in the Lords in last 2 weeks @Ofcom 
The Observer reports on our campaign in Wandsworth - and finds Conservative voters switching allegiance in response to Windrush, Brexit & rising housing costs 
Remainers claim that Brexit will be an economic apocalypse. But it provides the opportunity for a radical break with neoliberalism.  
The prime minister’s chief adviser on Brexit used to be Tony Blair’s principal private secretary:  Shouldn't this have rung alarm bells? 
I voted Brexit 1, For Independence. To regain our Sovereignty. To regain our Fishing waters. To leave the EU.2, To leave the Single        Market & Customs Union.3, To substantially reduce immigration.4. To have bilateral trade agreements.Very simple really. 
Express claims #Brexit will end the need for foodbanks in the UK and their readers will lap this nonsense up. 
Geraldine Kennedy is the most recent of the old-school abortion campaigners (following Nell MCCafferty last week) to register her concerns with what is proposed by the pending referendum. Anyone who says this is a restrictive proposal is either naive or being misleading. #voteno 
Theresa May's Brexit adviser, Olly Robbins is a known fan of euro-federalism. He has no right to try and thwart the will of the people by pushing his own supranational agenda! 
Theresa May’s attempt to muddle through Brexit is fast approaching crunch time.There’s still no workable plan - just chaos, platitudes and nationalistic soundbites.Stop this shambles. #StopBrexit. Hold a #PeoplesVote to #Remain.  
Anyone know why the “voyage to the heart of Brexit” stories never end up here? Voted Leave.  
Things got very bitter on my account before the GE. I warned people that the Labour manifesto meant hard Brexit, and that a vote for Labour would be taken as support for that. Many denied it. But a week later I and others were proved right.It's the same now at #LE2018#ABTV pic.twitter.com/xwS3g7RuKS 
Just think of all the Billions of Pounds being wasted on #BrexitNorthern Ireland and Ireland require both the Single Market and the Customs Union.There has never been friction free border solution that will satisfy the Good Friday Agreement.Best to #StopBrexit then Owen. 
I can see complete anarchy if Theresa May keeps us tied to the EU via an Immigration Agreement & Customs Partnership, we’re biding our time but all hell will let loose if she betrays the referendum result. 
In the last few weeks we have witnessed a prince of the civil service, the prime minister’s chief adviser on Brexit, changing crucial government policy, with embarrassing and damaging consequences:  
This is crossing NI/ROI border. Invisible. It symbolises the success of the journey we've all been on. No fortifications, no checkpoints.  Anything less than this will reverse one of the most obvious gains of peace, prosperity, reconciliation and co-operation #Brexit #OurFuture 
Chinese pharma giant to invest half a billion, 3.5 miles over NI border in Co Louth. Post-Brexit, Northern Ireland will suffer inevitable investor exodus. Irish unity is the rational, evidence-based response. 
When Gina Miller 'won' her case that had not a leg to stand on, twice, in the High Court and the in the Supreme Court, it became clear that the British government colluded with the judiciary in undermining #Brexit while the media that works against the British people cheered on. 
Tomorrow’s vote could pave way for a #peoplesvote on the #Brexit deal, stop us crashing out if there’s no deal and prevent May dragging her heels. 
'Back Theresa May on Brexit or see Jeremy Corbyn in Number 10', Damian Green warns diehard Remainers  
Stage 1: Let's try leaving the EU.Stage 2. Hard Brexit? No thank you.Stage 3: Soft Brexit? But then there's no point in leaving.Stage 4: So let's not leave.  
It’s legitimate to oppose Brexit but not to undermine Britain’s negotiating position or attempt to make  the best outcome impossible. Patriotism requires everyone to work together for the best possible outcome, not  one hardly worth leaving for 
This is pure sophistry and you know it. To all intents and purposes its status is exactly equivalent to EEA membership. For Leadsom & Hannan to pretend that the UK’s status post-Brexit, outside the CU, would be remotely similar is utterly mendacious. You are lying to the public.  
Brexit hit 3: ‘British scientific research was expecting to win £10bn more than the UK government contributed to the EU science budget between 2020 and 2027. That prospect is dead, too.’  
This is brilliant from @thatginamiller. If you’re in need of any motivation to continue the fight against Brexit, this will do the trick. Watch, energise and pass this tweet on  
They usually manage to cover Brexit without saying it was won by liars, charlatans and crooks, or report the mounting evidence it will be a catastrophe for the UK, so swings and roundabouts Nige.  
"Just because the government said it, it doesn't make it right"@joswinson argues that staying in the Customs Union doesn't mean it is not respecting the result of the referendum #bbcsp 
SCANDAL: Europhile Lords push to stop independence with ‘no Brexit’ amendment. They’ve way overstepped the mark this time. Abolish the House of Lords!  
#ItMattersToMe because in 1940, my German Jewish grandparents were murdered at Auschwitz by an isolationist fascist regime that detached itself from the rest of the world & so could change the laws on #humanrights and #citizenship with impunity. #Brexit must be stopped.  
Both Houses of Parliament will continue to look under the skin of Brexit. Recent votes in both Commons & Lords on #CustomsUnion demonstrate there is no majority for a hard walk-away #Brexit because it would be so damaging. 
Dear Labour supporters can any of you explain why backing Brexit is ‘for the many not the few’ ? 
Writing in today’s Sunday Independent, the EU’s Chief Negotiator Michel Barnier lays out the #Brexit scenario in crystal clear terms - it’s time for London to get real. Dublin must also remain firm in the national interest! #SpecialStatus 
Leader of @UKIP, @GerardBattenMEP says an immigration system that says you’d “prefer people from the EU” rather than a “fair system to those from the rest of the world” with the skills we need isn't what we should be aiming for post-Brexit  
Once brexit is defeated you can expect immigration like you have never seen before. With Brexit out of the way the construction of the EU's new world order can begin in earnest when those who voted to remain in the EU will realise just how dumb they were. 
Just did a slot on Peston on Sunday. I expected to be asked questions on UKIP, the local elections, Brexit. Instead the usual biased, slanted approach of the MSM establishment. He didn’t like my answer to his last question though and couldn’t end fast enough. 
‘Britain faces the gravest economic crisis since the war’ because of Brexit. ‘Project fear’ turns out to have been right, now that consumers & investors realise Brexit is for real  
5 (!!!) reports from the Spanish Ministry of Finances (!!!) state that NO public funds were used for the Catalan referendum contrary to what the judge and Guardia Civil state.Fake charges to enforce prison & vengeance against Catalan politicians.  
‘Parliament should decide what happens next’ - er - so there’s going to be a law saying that Parliament must do what Parliament already exists to do? - But ah! I get it! This is because Parliament has for 2 years not being doing what it exists to do, eg stopping Brexit.  
Every single person who voted for Brexit -whether they did so wittingly or unwittingly - is responsible for Windrush  
Brexit Leaks: Amber Rudd Proposes Surrendering Border Controls, Giving EU Migrants Access to Benefits and NHS  
The civil service & Lords are playing an important role on behalf of the public. All governments need to be reminded of the evidence & home truths, including on Brexit. 
EU Blocks Free TradePresident Trump:"When we take on China or the EU, which has tremendous blocks, it's very hard for us to sell stuff into the EU.[#EU tariffs] put there to take advantage of United States, OK.Not anymore.Those days are over!"#Brexit 
Beware McDonnell ‘not ruling out 2nd ref’: Labour doesn’t get a vote until there’s a PROMISE of a #PeoplesVote. This is a sly effort to combat #ABTV Anti-Brexit Tactical Vote on 3 May. 
Sorry Jeremy but this is going to cost you a load of votes !!.. BUT it's not too late to change your mind !!...SAY YOU WILL STOP BREXIT !!..And May 3rd will be Your BIG DAY !!... RETWEET @jeremycorbyn#FBPE #StopBrexit #StopTories #ABTV 
Just to restate the obvious:As well as the UK general election, Russian trolls and bots have targeted Brexit, almost every terror incident in the last two years, Scottish independence, skripal, Syria, and even Grenfell. And that’s not exhaustive in any way. 
Danone boss Emmanuel Faber has warned Brexit will make us all fat because of cheap food. What a bizarre and condescending argument: it says people can't be trusted with their health, so we shouldn't cut the price of food which disproportionately hits the poorest in our country. 
The Leave vote exceeded 60% in five English counties at the EU Referendum in 2016. They were:1.   64.1%  Staffordshire2.   63.9%  Lincolnshire3.   62.2%  Essex4.   61.9%  Isle of Wight5.   61.2%  Kent 
There is growing evidence of Russian interference in democratic elections worldwide.   We need an independent inquiry into what they did in U.K. elections and in the EU referendum. 
The reason the "Brexit deal" is difficult to sell to the "SNP faithful" is the same as the reason Nicola Sturgeon won't sign up to the "Brexit deal". The "Brexit deal" is formed from a British Nationalist turd which just won't take a polish. #IStandWithNicola #Referendum2018 
Why are the papers today full of North Korea blah blah Amber Rudd tittle-tattle Trump this, Brexit whatever? Palace won 5-0, they're 11th. ELEVENTH! THAT is news. 
Not  during the Scottish independence referendum, you weren't. 
Shout it loud and proud..Brexit means Brexit, not half in, not half out but totally out and in control of of our own affairs..That means everything from our Laws, Trade and Immigration and everything that goes with being a free and an Independent  Sovereign Country.  
The U.K. Government is allowing our fishing waters to remain under EU controlDemand your MP protects fishing by taking part in our on line lobby of MP’s@fishingforleave#Paterson #EU #Brexit #fishing  
We should be concerned by Russian interference in our democracy, but it requires a proper investigation - not least into their involvement in the EU referendum. Advice to Russia re: the next election - just make sure Nick Timothy’s writing the Tory manifesto again. 
If the bots who appear in my feed are anything to go by I'd say they don't have a particular slant, some are are pretend #jc4pm some are pretend Brexit racists, some have conservative avatar, some are pro assad. The point seems to be to be to bombard and confuse about everything.  
Allegations by newspapers in the UK, such as The Sunday Times, that Russia influenced the results of the EU Referendum and the 2017 General Election, are tremendously offensive and disrespectful to the British people, who voted according to their conscience on both occasions. 
Brexit negotiations are "going badly," @Open_Britain's deputy director says  
Brexit has poisoned our politics. Ask anyone who’s been canvassing lately for any party. Everyone now is angry. No one wants to listen. 
Spain is incapable to provide any proof for the allegation that public money was used for the Catalan referendum. Spanish treasury has even sent five reports to the judge all saying there was no misuse of public funds by the Catalan government  
 Another Remoaner bore on, Lib Dems Jo Swinson. Always crying  about Donald Trump & Brexit. Lib Dems one hopeless  party. She’s so bad no ones listening to her, so she’s back on Sunday Politics BBC 1 11:00. To talk same load of bollocks all over again.   
I oppose #Brexit but if #Brexiteers & David Davis really want Olly Robbins fired that is is bad news for everyone. Sacking him because he is telling the truth about the Customs Union is madness & would confirm to #EU27 the impossibility of any rational conclusion to negotiations. 
We don’t need a soft Brexit fudge. We need to #StopBrexit:- Brexit was sold on a pack of lies- It’s damaging jobs, trade and our NHS- And the majority now want to #Remain, polls show.MPs should call a #PeoplesVote to #StopBrexit and #Remain in the EU. 
WATCH  | "It's absolutely right that Parliament should be questioning and changing the approach to Brexit," says Vince Cable.  That might be the case if the government's stated intention is to stay in the Single Market. It is not! #Marr 
The enthusiasm and energy for Brexit has collapsed like a cold wet balloon.Meanwhile the motivation for Remain is burning hotter every day, and soon will be raging like the fires of Hell.We have the impetus now and the initiative. We will destroy Brexit and the Tories. 
Vince Cable - "If you voted for #Brexit you're a racist and a bigot".No, Chances are if you voted for Brexit it's because you're sick and tired of the political elite bathing in the collective weath of 28 countries without accountability or mandate.#LoveEuropeHateTheEU#Marr 
Brexit could end food banks as supermarket prices DROP“Leaving customs union will benefit poorest in society the most. It's extremely disappointing that Lab,Lib Dems & SNP want to stay in customs union which would punish the most vulnerable people in UK“ 
Kemi Badenoch MP - "The US and Canada, with all the trade they have, do not have a customs union. Neither do Australia and New Zealand. These are countries that co-operate closely."There is no reason for the UK to be in a customs union." #Brexit  
"Britain's members of parliament are mostly opposed to #Brexit, yet can't bring themselves to do their jobs and act on that conviction. The country and its legislators are therefore left squabbling over the choice between a bad result and a terrible one."  
The U.K. civil service religion is the EU. They would no more back “Brexit”than Catholic priests renouncing the Pope!  
How dare Vince Cable suggest that people who voted for Brexit are racist. It’s outrageous to conflate racism with a healthy dislike of all foreigners.#Marr 
#Marr Marrs reference to Vince Cable as “remoaner in chief” once more exposes the disgraceful BBC news editorial bias towards Brexit . Would he refer to Mogg as “ Quitling in chief “ ? 
Brexit existing as name only.A Beano Brexit. 
BrexitA Withdrawal Act just to replicate effect of EU membership.A Withdrawal Agreement also just to replicate effect of EU membership.Still paying money to EU, still in Customs Union, still FoM.Everything is changing, so to ensure everything stays the same.Pointless. 
If you care about Britain , help to ditch #Brexit#Marr 
Leave, and Boris in particular, promised the Indian community more Indians would be allowed in if they voted brexit. #indian #remainernow 
Brexit Fan #Marr who dismisses out of hand on his BBC show that the Brexit vote could have been in any way unfair is very open to the idea that Tories could have lost votes bc of Russian bots.  
What Brexiters claim Brexit will give us compared to what we will actually get from Brexit.  
It’s not the power of her advisers that’s concerning. It’s the weakness of Theresa May that’s concerning as David Davis claims he is being 'squeezed' out of Brexit talks.  via @MailOnline 
#BrexitShambles the #UK is an international laughing stock, here we have todays #ChinaDaily poking fun at the absolute absurdity of #Brexit  
Will remoaners please explain how Britain will be able to stop payments to the EU, cut immigration, do our own free trade deals, and scrap ECJ rulings by staying in the EU customs union, you know, the very things we voted for in a national referendum? 
The same people who gleefully leapt aboard the "Russian bots caused #Trump & #Brexit" bandwagon are now irate about the "Russian bots boosted Corbyn" story. Hilarious.#Marr 
I'm the last financial year, just 6 government departments have  spent £346 million on Brexit. Alternatively, they could've funded 2403 nurses, almost 3000 police officers and 2357 figherfighters. #Marr 
The pro-EU former Deputy Prime Minister @DamianGreen calls on Tory rebels to back Theresa May on Brexit or see Jeremy Corbyn in Number 10 – also argues that the Tory manifesto was clear on the EU Customs Union and leaving it must be delivered  
Monday she was sorry to #Windrush generation. Wednesday sorry for failing to grasp scale of problem. Thursday a.m. sorry for targets and deportations. Thursday p.m. sorry for a Brexit mix-up. Friday p.m. sorry for not knowing the Home Office had targets.  
The EU has written a whole paper detailing solutions for the UK-Irish border after Brexit which states: 'It is possible to implement a Customs and Border solution ... post-Brexit', yet continues to use this issue as an obstacle to Brexit.  
MUST-READ: Support grows for cross-party plans to prevent ‘no deal’ Brexit“This amendment, which has cross-party support, would provide a safety net in the Brexit process. It would remove the possibility of a no vote leading to a no-deal,” @Keir_Starmer 
Theresa May has been told she could be ousted like Margaret Thatcher unless she sacks her chief Brexit negotiator, Oliver Robbins, and ditches his plan to bind Britain into a customs partnership with the EU  
In his Sun Tel column last week Dan Hannan MEP(!) claimed Swiss customs etc deal with EU would suit UK fine. Pure moonshine as 10 minutes Research would show - as does this Times column. Brexit carries a price tag  
.@TiceyOfficial & @JLongworthLML: Theresa May must ditch Oliver Robbins to save Brexit 
Stark warning on EU Customs Union from Tory Mayor of the Tees Valley, @BenHouchen: If we are to maintain faith in our democratic system, we must deliver. If we don’t... voters will seek revenge at the ballot box. So that must mean delivering Brexit in full. 
OFCOM SCANDAL: I will raise in House of Lords this week scandal of Lord Burns, ‘independent’ chair of Ofcom, & Deputy Chair, Tory peer Lady Noakes, consistently voting with Govt on Brexit. Ofcom regulates BBC on impartiality! @Ofcom 
A “No Deal” Brexit means the UK  is free of ALL EU institutions; keeps £40bn for the UK taxpayer. Why is this bad??  
We move closer to the moment when it will have to be the people vs the politicians IF we want a Brexit worth having  
NICOLA Sturgeon has warned that Theresa May's post-Brexit power deal would "completely demolish" Scottish devolution. The FM has an article in today's Sunday Herald today well worth a read No question the UK gov wish to do a demolition job on our parliament 
Responses to this just reminded me that very early on, in June/July 2016, Word on my Laptop was absolutely adamant that “Brexit” should really be “Brechreiz” ... the German word for that feeling when one is about to puke ...   
#BREAKING: INEC says the verification of only 5.34% of the total number of registered voters in Kogi West does not satisfy the requirement of the law for a referendum to recall Senator Dino Melaye. 
Here’s the BBC’s Business Correspondent (sic) desperately trying not to mention #Brexit. Unfortunately, Mark Carney ruins it for him. Ruddy experts! #StopBrexitSaveBritain #BrexitReality #PeoplesVote UK economy in weakest growth since 2012 
If you missed the referendum debate on @RTELateLateShow you should watch now on Rte player. Educate yourself, know the facts & most importantly have your say on the 25th. #TogetherForYes 
‘Project fear’ is turning out to be right on the tanking Brexit economy  
How the centre left differs from the far left:We oppose all forms of racism equally, they don’tWe understand sustainable wealth redistribution depends on sustainable wealth creation, they don’tWe think Brexit will harm working people, they don’tWe are pro-NATO, they’re not 
The Sunday Times front page- argues Russia supported Corbyn but doesn't mention Russian Embassy tweeted in support of the Tories- is outraged at Russians meddling in our and Trump's election but apparently fine with them supporting Brexitand would shame the Canary. 
No wonder Britain is dropping in the press freedom index. Vast swathes of our press and media march in total lockstep with the government on so many issues. Even dissent is mainly extremist #Brexit dissent from the far right 
NO BREXIT: House of Lords poised to derail EU exit TOMORROW as Tory rebels back Labour. Time for Unelected Undemocratic Lords To Go!  
Tory Brexit peer explains WHY customs union 'trick' puts the 'future of the UK' AT RISK  
Hi @WendySiegelman, suspect not many people are aware that lots and lots of dollars were funneled through #CambridgeAnalytica to that very same address..... #Cruz #Brexit #Trump 
If we abandoned Brexit, we could afford more doctors and nurses  
We get it Guy.  You've finally realised you need our money.  Do please keep tweeting about #Brexit.  You're one of the best recruiters we have.  
Politicians need to put more energy into fighting for the opportunity to stay and lead in Europe, *not* soft BrexitSign up and fight for our right to stay in the EU Support grows for cross-party plans to prevent ‘no deal’ Brexit  
The European Parliament has backed plans for a post Brexit Association Agreement between the UK and the European Union. Read more about our proposals here:  
Theresa May is facing another major rebellion over Brexit amid a cross-party move to kill off any attempt to 'crash out' of the EU without a deal.This is mad – why would Brussels bother dealing with a negotiating partner who is now chained to their table? 
Sadly I agree with @williamnhutton the signs for the UK economy are bleak.However if there is a #FinalSay #PeoplesVote referendum leading to an #ExitFromBrexit then the economy would receive a massive boost. 
Support grows for cross-party plans to prevent ‘no deal’ BrexitBut suggestion that EU will allow further negotiations is unrealisticAlternative to cliff-edge, no-deal Brexit is not return to the negotiating table but exit from Brexit via #PeoplesVote 
I'm seeing a bunch of profiles that claim to be anti political correctness. Maybe it's just me but I prefer it when politicians strive to be correct in what they say & do.It's interesting to note that all of the anti-correctness people are also pro-#Brexit and/or pro-#Trump.  
Brexit #ItMattersToMe because we worked so hard for an open, tolerant country that allowed us to feel proud to be British and European, and I want my country back 
"Come on BBC, that helicopter is looking for a new ‘public interest’ gig after the Cliff Richard operation. Surely Brexit criminality is a tad more serious, and more seriously in the public interest, than Cliff."  
BREXITIf we stay in the Customs Union, we would become a vassal state. As far as trade deals go, we'd be stuffed. The EU would negotiate on our behalf & inform us of the results. Ludicrous for the sixth largest economy to accept this & then to pay £39 billion for the privilege.  
Brexit: Britain set to offer EU immigration deal 'very similar' to free movement  Bit by bit our remainer PM May is turning our democratic vote to leave the undemocratic EU into a farce. Bringing Shame on her and all Parliament. 
Mrs May’s attempt to muddle through Brexit is fast approaching crunch time | Andrew Rawnsley  
Does Brexit Justify Another Scottish Independence Referendum?  #Referendum2018 
The final #Brexit deal in all its gloryAlmost Free MovementVirtual CU membershipPurchased access to the SMMostly ECJ compliant Irish Border absolute convergence but we'll call it something elseFull associate membership of all EU agencies#FBPE #Marr 
If you vote for Labour or the Tories on May 3rd, and Brexit happens, you will be just as responsible for it as UKIP voters.No more excuses, no more games.If you vote for it, you own it.#StopBrexit#ABTV 
"I know my body inside and out and I know what I what I want out of my life and future," an Irish medical student says of the country's referendum on abortion  
... of the total number of registered voters in the constituency and has therefore not satisfied a requirement of the law for a referendum. 
Does all this sound familiar.  Guess who else has been hired to assist the Pro Life Lobby in Ireland’s referendum?  None other than Kanto Ltd, Director Thomas Borwick: Vote Leave Ch Technical Officer.  Director of Voter Consultancy Ltd ..  
When you're so desperate to gain support for Brexit that any old misinformation will do, and you don't care about being a blatantly obvious sleekit bam.Exhibit A:  
Excellent detailed rebuttal thread.I'd only add: most of the "arguments" were nothing but emotive parrot slogans w/o substance from the very outset. It's not just that they have proved false - they were hollow, or worse, from the very start of the Brexit propaganda onslaught.  
.@AndrewMarr9 Will you apologize for keep saying Remain lied about the economy during the EU ref on your BBC show. Leave made the most inaccurate claims during the EU ref by quoting by far the worst forecasters, the Brexit supporting 'Economists For Brexit' Source: The FT #Marr 
This image does expose @RuthDavidsonMSP as on the wrong side of the argument. Scotland voted Remain #brexit is a disaster.  
Perhaps, now we can understand how it is that trolls are so quick to latch onto anti-Brexit/ anti-Tory threads... @kmqkatie @KimSJ @BrexitBin @EUtopean @EuropeanPenguin @helenyg @Hil67 @MrRemain @VeroVero777 @JeanneBartram @lanieleaf @WillBlackWriter @wittertalk 
The fact is that because the citizens of the UK are disarmed, things like #AlfieEvans can happen and no one can do shit about it. When will the British people start a real revolution? Brexit isn't enough. 
Six government departments have already spent £346m on Brexit - enough to pay for 6,310 nurses.And next year, the bill will increase further, says @bestforbritain’s @eloisetodd.What a waste. Hold a #PeoplesVote to #StopBrexit, and fund our NHS instead. 
Brexit: Britain set to offer EU immigration deal 'very similar' to free movement.What a dangerous waste of time and money Brexit is. Hands off our EU citizenship and freedom of movement. Hold a #PeoplesVote to #StopBrexit and #Remain in the EU. 
“There’ll be no downside”- Brexit already harming the poorest most, with higher inflation, particularly on food, and falling real wages- UKGov’s own analysis shows economic losses for every version of Brexit, even those that aren’t available8/ 
But we’ll be Global Britain- Global influence diminished in foreign policy, security, standards and soft power- Non-EU trade deals will only replace a fraction of the trade lost due to hard Brexit, and not all of what would be lost by a soft Brexit (if we could make them)7/ 
Or you can actually put a Sensible head on and put tribal allegiance to one side if you have them and vote Tactically for a Anti Brexit Pro European Party.#ABTV for #LocalElections2018 
We can stop Brexit. It’s that simple. Sometimes I think we over complicate it. We can stop Brexit because we are a democracy. And we work together for the greater good. We can stop Brexit. Simples x #WATON #ABTV #FBPE 
Brexit could end food banks as supermarket prices DROP  
of course the first minister wants to keep the focus on brexit - otherwise she might have to defend her government’s shabby record. my @scotonsunday column: 
“All the justifications for Brexit are being dismantled.” @MollyMEP Let’s have a look at some of the key ones 1/ 
I know what the problem is. Feeling instead of thinking. People want Labour to stop Brexit, and it's like trying to explain to a child. Labour will not stop Brexit as long as Jeremy Corbyn is leading it. 
Dear @KateHoeyMP I feel I need to remind you of paragraph 6 of your code of conduct as an MP.Please explain how brexit (and the hard Brexit you advocate) is in compliance with that duty?Have you read the #brexitimpactpapers ? Please explain. Asking for many #bregretters 
I wonder how many people who said Russian bots [clearly had a decisive impact/couldn't possibly have had much impact] in relation to Trump/Brexit will suddenly have a major change of heart   
When it comes to Brexit, can anyone tell the difference between Maysquawk and Corbsputter? I can't. Vote LD or Greens. 
Tory & #Brexit-supporting Sunday Times splashes on unsubstantiated claims Kremlin interfered in 2017 election, without mention of Kremlin interference in EU Referendum. Funny that.  
Well done. The good folk at @hexhambookfest tonight exasperated by Tory and Labour stance on Brexit.  
1. Here is a #Brexit thread for the benefit of @ProfBrianCox so that he does not make the same elementary mistakes again. The single market is a regulatory union comprised of EU members and three efta states not including Switzerland. 
EXCLUSIVE: Writing for the Sunday Herald, First Minister @NicolaSturgeon warns that the Tories will demolish devolution in Scotland as the Brexit power grab crisis intensifies – don’t miss tomorrow’s paper 
If every single other person in Scotland woke up tomorrow and had suddenly become a mad Tory voting Yoon, I'd still be arguing for our freedom. If we'd had an independence referendum yesterday and lost, I'd be calling for another today. I'm not going away. 
This is #Scotland.Scotland stood up for herself when London wanted to take her powers away.Be more like Scotland. #Brexit #IStandWithNicola 
To paraphrase Arthur C Clarke, any sufficiently watered down Brexit is indistinguishable from EU membership 
#Labour’s final push to seize territory from Tories in local elections: In London and other cities, Conservative voters switch allegiances in response to Windrush, Brexit and rising housing costs#VoteLabourMay3rd 
The publication of this story now - in a week when Labour is predicted to perform extremely well in the London local elections, when the #windrush scandal shows no sign of abating, and when Brexit and the customs union are ripping up the Tories - is surely mere coincidence... 
NEW: Overview of @eurelationsappg work in the @UKHouseofLords to ensure Parliament has a meaningful vote on the #Brexit deal  
On Thursday please vote for an anti Brexit party, it does not matter which one. Just don’t vote Tory or Labour, they are the Brexit parties. 
More I learn re our PM, the worse it gets. Apparently the EU was on a verge of a trade deal with India - blocked by ****guess who *** (Theresa May) because she wouldn't countenance increased movement of Indians to UK as a quid pro quo. Another proof Brexit won't be a trade opp. 
Looks like we have a PM who wants to stay in the Customs Union, you can't have the Customs Union and Brexit, can someone explain it to her. 
So I am wanting to send a birthday message to a friend in NZ. Look what Brexit has done to my predictive text on my phone!   
Support grows for cross-party plans to prevent ‘no deal’ Brexit  
KANU leaders, led by Gideon Moi, propose referendum to change sections of the Constitution  
Did you vote leave in the #euref as you thought warnings about the economic impact were simply #projectfear Well we have not left yet & this is #brexitreality Changed your mind on #brexit ?why not speak out as a #Remainernow#stopbrexit 
Brexit is *not* a done dealTime for a #peoplesvote on the terms of BrexitSign up at @guardian @guardianweekend @Dorianlynskey @BestForBritain 
It's irresponsible for the Govt and our Party to ignore the obvious economic damage from Brexit. We've gone from the fastest growing economy to the slowest, nearing a standstill. Because of Brexit.At the very least, the British people deserve the truth. 
What is clear is the British are not going to be able to say they’re fully-fledged members of the human race until they’ve rejected Brexit. 
Brilliant! Dude puts up “BLOCK BREXIT” sign across his windows in Margate tower block.  
The biggest negative impact on working people will be Brexit. Less money for schools,The NHS and social services. Fewer people from our neighbours willing to help run our hospitals.Fewer skilled builders to build our houses. You have sold ordinary folk down the river on a lie.  
Negotiating Brexit - potentially one of the most disastrous things the UK has done - with a bunch of ministers who don't even know what their own ministries are up to. What could possibly go wrong? 
Post-Brexit Britain is increasingly likely to have:— a customs union with the EU— close to full alignment with single market rules— preferential migration rules for EU citizens— European judges watching over it"Crush the saboteurs" feels like a long, long time ago 
Dear BrexitersYour ill, elderly relative may not have care, or a bed, or a nurseYour child may not have an educationThe police might not show up for hours after you call themYou might be out of work soonBut you'll have had your BrexitCongrats. 
Six government departments spent £346m on Brexit - enough for 6,310 nurses  
Guys, surely by this point we can all stop pretending that Brexit is a serious project? 
‘I find Mrs May mystifying... she was against Brexit but launched herself into backing it’  
How many of us have thought this? "When will someone have the backbone to stand up against this #brexit stupidity?" I am sure that if they did they would walk into any pub & never have to buy a drink for the rest of their lives. #FBPE #WATON  #FinalSay  
Finally getting to watch #Humanity by @rickygervais tonight with my two gorgeous rescues Brexit and Trump. Think they're more exited than I am!  
Sinn Féin is only party that can lead a government to transform our society.We are also only party with clear objective of achieving a United Ireland.Others talk about it. We intend to make it happen. A united Ireland is now a live political issue.We have put referendum on agenda 
We don’t have to swallow whatever Brexit is fed to us.When May’s Brexit deal is presented, let’s have a #PeoplesVote where we can throw it away. 
Every day brings new reports of the scandalous way this state treats women. This is a product of the narrow patriarchal and conservative regime established by partition.On May 25th we are calling for a yes vote in the referendum to safeguard women & give their doctors protection. 
It's kind of amazing how comprehensively the UK has managed to throw away cash and influence over Brexit and got literally nothing in return. 
I was living in NZ. The Common Market was a body blow for NZ after all we had done for the UK. So many people died and the U.K. spat on our support. The good news is that NZ has flourished post 1973, and continues to do so. I voted Brexit on this basis. The UK needs to break free 
#The3MillionVoteMill Hill @LibDems candidate Richard Logue (@logueys) pledges to support EU citizens locally throughout the Brexit process. #LE2018Are you a local candidate? You too can pledge to support EU citizens locally here: 
The Irish border is solved! Brexit central has found a 2017 video of an official clearly talking about imports and given it a shonky cut up! But while you’re here Darren, what about that £625k ‘donation’ to Vote Leave? Why was the money not even deposited in your account?  
Delighted to address an audience of students in the sixth form politics society at Jewish Free School in Kenton, North London this week speaking with them about my work as an MEP and the effects of Brexit on the UK.  
123,000 brave souls signed this Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  WE NEED YOU TO DO THE SAME 
READ: Government reportedly preparing EU immigration offer similar to current freedom of movement in Brexit talks.  
If the UK stays in a Customs Union, the #Brexit Right won't rest. They and the tax-dodging Brexit billionaire press will rage on and on about vassal status. A soft Brexit is bound to be unstable because the UK will be a rule-taker. It's far better to stay in the EU.#StopBrexit 
So now we know the coming recession isn't linked to Brexit, that Windrush isn't linked to illegal migration, let alone institutional racism, we know that the visa regime for non EU migrants isn't linked to immigration targets nor damaging the NHS. Sorted!FFS#FBPE 
.Are 1.8 million angry Britons about to return to UK?Wonder will they vote Tory or Labour in the future since BOTH parties are supporting a Brexit that will make them have to leave?.  
I am more worried by the political than the economic consequences of #Brexit. If Brexit happens it will demonstrate that a wealthy and powerful elite can use the politics of lies, fear, hate, scapegoating & nationalist hysteria to manipulate British politics.#StopBrexit #VoteEU 
‘Jaw-dropping’ an apt use of words by @Peston Now just imagine the positive economic impact of the UK deciding to revoke A50 #Brexit letter!This would be the positive effect of a #FinalSay #PeoplesVote referendum leading to an #ExitFromBrexit 
EXCLUSIVE: Britain set to offer EU #Brexit immigration deal 'very similar' to free movement  
A pontificating Little Englander is on his soap box at Speakers’ Corner:"I was born an Englishman.  I am an Englishman. And by God, I'll die an Englishman!"A voice with a foreign accent, pipes up from the small crowd:"Have you no ambitions at all, then"?#FBPE #Brexit #UK 
In other news, Brexit sign may lead to eviction.  
BREXIT WARNING: Theresa May to be OUSTED as PM if she surrenders on customs union, says MP  
Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  123,000 Signatures as we close in on House of Lords. A chamber full of the over-privileged & under-performing. The benches where treachery is practiced with impunity. No more 
Last night a crew from Phibsborough extinguished referendum posters set alight on @DubCityCouncil public street lights. Apart from damaging very old and characteristic street furniture it can also cause damage to the internal electrics. 
Come on #Brexit get behind this Petition: Stop the Common Fisheries Policy being adopted into UK law post-Brexit.Please Sign and Share.  
#EUsuperheroes no.58 is the wonderful @CarolineLucas Who did a marvellous job on last week's #BBCQT"One of the few MPs who've been very clearly against #Brexit throughout." 
Why is the UK in this utterly insane mess and STILL pursuing Brexit despite it now being 100% certain it will totally destroy the UK economy for decades? ?  I am convinced the water supply in the Houses of Parliament has been laced with weapons grade heroin... 
No. London shows what happens to the Tories when they pursue a hard Brexit in a multi-cultural city built on diversity and immigration.  
Brexit failure looks more likely every day. “Too many things are lining up against the UK leaving the EU.The UK’s leaders need to make the responsible decision and stay.”Hold a #PeoplesVote to #StopBrexit and #Remain in the EU. 
I voted for a Common Market not a EU Superstate. Numerous EU treaties have been forced upon us without a vote. The EU is anti democracy, people holding power cannot be removed via the Ballot Box. Time for #brexit 
So sad when I feel unable to vote Labour whilst Corbyn, McDonnell, Abbott, Momentum etc are in charge of the party. Corbyn has claimed every vote for Labour is an endorsement of him personally. No thanks. Labour should never be supporting the Tory Party created #Brexit. Shameful.  
Did you notice ANY of the two main parties supporting #EU citizens in the Referendum? ANY of them praising us? Any condemning the abuse we get in the press? ANY of them saying how important we are? So don't *reward* them for their stance on #Brexit with your vote #ABTV #WATON 
Brexit Sec David Davis on the brink of resigning because PM’s staunch Remainer adviser Olly Robbins based in Downing Street undermines Davis’s work, he is the author of the ridiculous Customs Partnership idea which will keep us tied to the EU. 
It is wrong for #Labour to deflect the local elections, It is NOT an EU referendumOn May 3rd, you decide how your local services are run and how much you pay for them NOT Brexit.Things like: Street cleaning Rubbish collection Road repairs Helping the elderly 
We’ve been talking to the people of #Chester today - it is clear that#brexit is not working #BackBritainNotBrexit 
"Brexit against our will, trident renewal, illegal bombing in Syria, blatant threats to devolution..." 
Another way in which Brexit has been a game changer. Elected politicians now routinely and persistently say things that are evidently not true.  
I am more worried by the political than the economic consequences of #Brexit. If Brexit goes through it will be a huge victory for a kleptonationalist elite that is using lies, fear, hate & nationalist hysteria to gain power & undermine democracy.#StopBrexit #ABTV #VoteEU 
‘The view in Dublin is that six months after the backstop idea....first emerged, London has not yet left the starting gate.’ More 1st rate #brexit analysis from RTE’s man in Brussels. Tellingly based on first hand sources written straight and avoiding political theatre.  
Don’t vote Labour. They support the Tories. Vote for any party that opposes Brexit. Use the handy guide below to cast your vote for Greens or LibDems or any anti-Brexit party. #ABTV Anti-Brexit Tactical Voting.  
Oliver Robbins? Who is this guy whose selling Brexit down the river? He's not even elected but from what David Davies says he is controlling the negotiations. Crazy, just another bureaucrat and on top of that he's a remainer! He should go and join the EU officials instead  
On 3 May vote for anti-Brexit parties, NOT Tory or (their Brexit supporters) Labour. #ABTV Anti-Brexit Tactical Voting. 
No, you thick twat. I want Brexit to fail altogether, so that the UK can be better off!  
Complete Brexit Incompetence. The disgraced former Defence  Secretary Liam Fox is going to wipe out much of British industry due to lack of preparation. #StopBrexit #ABTV 
Almost two years after the referendum and there's still so much that even senior politicians still don't know but think they do.@afneil is right. On top of that the freedom of the Swiss border is more about Schengen. People cross it freely. Goods don't. 
Infighting is massively more important than stopping Brexit, right? And after Brexit diminishes the economy drastically, where will the resources be for the NHS and policies needed after years of austerity? (Tribalism while the ship sinks: but maybe Momentum wants it to sink?)  
The fear and desperation of #Brexiters is palpable. Time is running out for them to force the UK out of the EU before the economy turns sour. The magic is broken. #Brexit is dying.  
'Thwarting the most divisive and disruptive development in modern British history would be an extraordinary achievement. This is how the anti-Brexit movement plans to do it.'  
Major UK capitalists agonize over Brexit. UK workers recognize that their Brexit votes targeted the wrong issue. British capitalism is their #1 problem. Big changes in British politics coming.   
I don't believe the referendum shouldn't count. That would be an absolute betrayal of democracy. I do believe the British people deserve a vote on the final deal so they can assess whether leaving is actually in their interests.  
I’ve written 5000 words about Brexit today & now we’re off to see @TheVampsJames at the O2. Interesting juxtaposition. 
"No one is saying that it will be easy but the Prime Minister really must take note.  If she capitulates she won’t just have lost one Brexit secretary: she will have lost her authority with the rest of the country as well."  
This is an absolutely superb analysis of #Brexit by Prof. Chris Grey “The tragedy of Brexit: When simple ideas meet complex realities.” via @PoliticsMeans  
 is why @UKLabour has a moral imperative to stand against #Brexit. We're in politics to fight for those with the least. We can't abandon them now. #ForTheMany 
“It’s not a done deal”: inside the battle to #StopBrexit.Morale, support and fundraising are at their highest since the referendum, and #FBPE keeps on growing.Hold a #PeoplesVote to #StopBrexit and #Remain in the EU.   
'Ming Campbell believes Brexit was born of an idea of an England – propagated by a number of people, but especially Boris Johnson – that never really existed.'  
Here’s an idea: it’s looking like any remotely feasible Brexit will involve NOBODY getting what they want.So let’s #StopBrexit - that way, only 50% are disappointed, but at least the country is saved.How about it? 
No one is listening to you. Brexit has nothing to do with Labour..and by not voting Labour you are voting for a hard Tory brexit...I don't want a hard brexit so I will #VoteLabourMay3rd. #JC4PM  
Not sure I have ever been so ashamed of my Government as in the systematic mistreatment of legal immigrants taking place under this Prime Minister & Home Secretary. Brexit is an extension of this wilful cultivation of hatred 
"It is hard to escape the view that if Brexit was put on trial, enough has happened already, what with mis-selling and law-breaking, for a judge to declare it null and void, and order a retrial."  
Crazily detailed, eye-opening piece by @Dorianlynskey on the forces mobilising to stop Brexit  
.@alfdubs has tabled an amendment to the Brexit Bill, to ensure a route to family reunion for child refugees in Europe isn’t closed by our Government. Please email a Peer in the House of Lords to make sure they turn up to vote in favour on Monday! #DubsII  
Success! This week @UKHouseofLords voted to keep the EU Charter of Fundamental Rights after #Brexit. Here’s @EHRCChair’s response: 
If this graph had been sent out in Apr 2016 it would have been dismissed as #ProjectFear. But since it is sent in Apr 2018 it’s #BrexitReality. We are  paying for #Brexit through declining living standards. NOW!  
Do most UK parliamentarians even know that...The 3 largest economies in the world want bilateral post-Brexit Free Trade Agreements w/ the UK?11 of the 12 largest Commonwealth economies want bilateral FTAs w/ the UK?7 of the 10 ASEAN economies want bilateral FTAs w/ the UK? 
“Proceeding with #Brexit will only make those problems worse as we slide towards a society and #politics that only a few of us, and the worst of us, actually want.” @GuitarMoog in @PoliticsMeans.#StopBrexit #FBPE #FinalSay #PeoplesVote #EUcitizens #WATON 
Absolute rubbish. The idea that we should stay in the Customs Union only gained traction in February this year - well after the the referendum and general election. There's no mandate for staying in it  
#The3MillionVoteReading Borough @LibDems candidate Ricky Duveen (@RickyDuveen) pledges to support EU citizens locally throughout the Brexit process. #LE2018Are you a local candidate? You too can pledge to support EU citizens locally here: 
Generation #windrush includes men who worked in British coal mines from the 1950s onwards. It's important we remember industrial employment and the afflictions of deindustrialization were not an exclusively white experience when we discuss #Brexit.  
.@AamerAnwar speaking at Glasgow St Jordi celebration: what would happen if Theresa May refused Sturgeon a Scottish independence referendum and instead sent 7000 Metropolitan Police to snatch ballot boxes and beat up voters? #Catalonia  
Agreeing to UK’s Brexit Bill is not in Scotland’s interest, Nicola Sturgeon insists.  
Not a done deal:•new facts have emerged•negotiations aren’t delivering what was promised•people’s vote is a democratic necessity•Brexit is not inevitableThwarting the most divisive, disruptive development in modern UK—an extraordinary achievement 
just had a labour party canvasser asking how i was going to vote, i said libdem or green because of labour's policy on brexit. she wasn't too happy#justsaying 
.@BBCBreaking  .@theresa_may .@jeremycorbyn  .@Conservatives .@UKLabourTime to kick Brexit in The Ballots.It is The only thing they will understand...!Vote #LibDems  or  #ABTV 
Remember this. When even an ex-Conservative PM says the NHS is not safe with the Conservative bad boys of Brexit, you’d better believe it. @DancingTheMind 
My man, Nigel! Nothing says “British Bad Boy” like him and Andy Wigmore Happy Hour at the Hay-Adams With @Nigelfarage Brexit’s Bad Boy  
2 parties monopolise UK government.2 partles fail to give us a better democracy.2 parties are steering us towards brexit.2 parties are too busy fighting each other to get jobs done.2 parties are dividing the country.2 parties are split within.2 parties not worth your vote. 
Leavers changing?                     Dimbleby INTERRUPTS BBC Brexit debate after crowd CHEER Remainers in Leave-backing town  
Life's too short to interact with people who still believe in 'Project Fear' & that Brexit MUST & WILL be stopped.More kitten photos.  That's what I need.*one of my niece's new kittens.    
Appalling interview from a shameless political game-player who tries to dismiss any legitimate criticism of his government as ‘weaponising’. See also the NHS, Grenfell & Brexit. Cant face up to their failure.  
This headline is so Brexit it's given me a migraine  
Exclusive: the CBI warns Liam Fox's Brexit trade plans could bankrupt British companies.Huge numbers of jobs and entire sectors of the economy could be wiped out by Brexit, Britain’s business group @CBItweets warns.Hold a #PeoplesVote to #StopBrexit. 
Regarding any request from the Scottish Government for the consent of the UK Parliament to hold an independence referendum, consent will be deemed to have been given if (a) consent is given (b)  no consent is given (c) consent is refused. #IStandWithNicola #Referendum2018 
YOUR COMMENTS: Nigel Farage’s hypocrisy is his reward for Brexit.  
Brexit is already hurting the worst-off most.  
If Westminster were to refuse Scotland a second independence referendum, would you support a Declaration of Independence by the Scottish Government if it was the only way to protect our interests? 
If you voted for brexit then I suggest you learn this wordPyrrhicBetter get used to it.#FBPE #StopBrexit #brexit 
"I usually vote Conservative but I'm going to vote Liberal Democrat because they are the only anti-Brexit party" > another #Wandsworth voter    supporting the #LibDems in #LocalElections2018  
"In Spain, lifting up a barrier from a toll booth, blocking a road, organising a referendum or standing on a police car (with police permission) is violence. But it isn't violence when 5 miserable thugs gang rape a girl. Spanish justice is inhumane." 
Any Questions this weekend came from Sevenoaks which voted 54% to leave EUThe most enthusiastic & sustained applause was when panel members advocated remaining in EU customs union & backed a second referendumThe tide is not just turningIt has turned.Vote in May elections... 
Brexit is not a done deal. It's a big deal. When we know the real deal, the people should get a vote. Inside the #PeoplesVote campaign 
This is disingenuous beyond belief, both sides of the campaign said that a Leave vote would mean leaving the CU, there were many references to striking post Brexit trade deals, and not being tied to EU’s poor record on striking trade deals. 
It's very simple. If you are not prepared to jump over your shadow and vote for an anti-Brexit party on May 3rd, then you're not a Remainer.#FBPE #ABTV#PeoplesVote 
Massive swing against the abortion campaign, tightens the gap between sides in referendum.  According to the poll,  SF voters are now equally divided on the issue. Growing number of Republicans agree that we should cherish all the children equally  
I’m standing for the Greens (and voting for them) directly because of your support for Brexit. I voted Labour at the last GE and my vote was misrepresented and my trust abused. Never again. 
Brexit  
we have to turn @jeremycorbyn now to call for #stopbrexit. If he does Labour will soar in polls, tory rebels will be encouraged to push against Brexit. Tories implode. @uklabour wins ensuing GE. We are safe in the EU. To turn JC cast #abtv on May 3 only language he can hear 
Great piece by @Dorianlynskey on the #PeoplesVote campaign.As recently as September last year, those who thought that Brexit could be stopped were dismissed as cranks. Now it's a part of serious mainstream conversation. That's how far we've come! 
Strange that Dublin City Council allowed International Literature Festival Dublin to run a 2015 event about a gay love story, Blue Is The Warmest Colour, with @ailbhes in the same month as same-sex marriage referendum - pg. 15  What's different this time? 
Academics think they've figured out why people voted for Trump and Brexit  
#Brexit Secretary David Davis promises not to betray the fishing industry like Edward Heath did in the 1970s  
I’m hearing more people saying this. However, we must be clear that this is not the doing of ‘remoaners’. We have been sidelined.It is Brexit collapsing under its own greedy unworkable contradictions.‘Remoaners’ are just prepping the path out. 
Rudd has been trying to sabotage the government's key policy - Brexit - since the referendum. Now she admits that she's not doing her job as Home Secretary properly re: knowledge of migrant removal targets.Why hasn't she been sacked?!Support us at  
I've always maintained that Brexit is a consequence of sheer imperial arrogance of not knowing that you can't just go anywhere you like without a visa-the rest of us can't set foot outside our home countries without begging, scraping, applying in triplicate, giving up all privacy 
So. @guyverhofstadt writing in @Telegraph calls for U.K. to do an Association Agreement with EU after #brexit. No surprises there. More interesting that Olly Robbins pitched an AA to Brexit war cab last week. And @michaelgove slapped him down. My latest 
#BREXIT1. Non-Binding3. Flawed campaign3. 51.8% Leave 48.1% #Remain=4. 37% voters 26.5% of the Ppl=5. Too few to make it binding6. Govt mandate lost7. Labour mandate not wonNot enough to deny a BINDING #FinalSayForAll on the Deal + a #Remain optionREMEMBER #ABTV #LE2018 
I don't recognise the @UKLabour anymore. The misogyny, the anti-semitism, the missing the boat on Brexit, the sheer lack of opposition, the magical thinking. There's only so much holding your nose you can do when voting. Where do women who #XXit go to be heard? :-( 
This really should be a giant flashing neon sign as to the kind of Brexit Tories want; one where you and I don't matter, but the super rich are protected. 
The #RepealTheEighth abortion referendum should be clear cut. It’s about choice. It’s not forcing anything upon you. Vote YES.Now can we have a referendum on the environment & how we can actually fix the world we need to live in, which is more important. 
#Brexit is impacting jobs, prosperity & public services *now", not in 6 or 12 months timeEvery day Corbyn fails to speak out he is complicit in that damageIf Corbyn can't or won't oppose this attack on his voters, what use is he? Seriously?  
#The3MillionVoteWithington @LibDems candidate April Preston (@aprilpreston_) pledges to support EU citizens locally throughout the Brexit process. #LE2018Are you a local candidate? You too can pledge to support EU citizens locally here: 
Think paying £6.00 visa to visit EU countries after Brexit will be the least of everyone's problems - job cuts, slumping economy, housing crisis, crime, poverty might be more on everyone's minds #stopBrexit 
That would depend on the Scots indy movement. I can't imagine they'll want to be shackled to an English corpse after a hard #Brexit. They'll declare independence, get back in the EU and clear the decks to welcome the largest northern migration of English folk since Macbeth. 
Has anyone else noticed that the #Novichok Fiasco has gone very quiet.  Just when the Tories need all the dead cats they can find to deflect from #Brexit and the #Windrush fiasco. An all pervading Deafening Silence. So it was a lie after all. #VoteLabourMay3rd #ChuckTheToriesOUT 
We don't do 40-45% of our trade through the EU.  Including these trade deals it's nearer 60%. And it's all at risk through #BrexitBrexiters said these trade deals would just roll over.  That was clearly nonsense.Brexiters, as ever, are idiots 
Three days on and I’m still haunted by the sound of Ukip and Tory AMs rapturously clapping the Labour Welsh Government’s statement on them giving away our country’s powers to the Tories in Westminster. For 7 years! Gwarthus/shameful #EUWithdrawalBill #Brexit 
I see Geraldine Kennedy is out there describing the 1983 referendum on the 8th as "divisive". Journalists called it "divisive" because most of them were on the losing side. It was carried by a huge majority - a bigger share than the YES in #marref got. #8thref 
You can write what I know about the impact of Brexit on the economy on the back of a postage stamp.GDP 0.1% It should fit. #FBPE 
So much of best media coverage of #Brexit mess is coming from #Ireland, not UK. @BBCRadio4 #WeekinWestminster had Lord Forsyth opposing #CustomsUnion without interviewer raising Irish border, or correcting him when he said countries cdn’t be in a CU without being #EU members. 
One rat ready to jump ship it would seem !!.....Won't be missed after his total cockup so far !!..Not only must we stay in customs union but Brexit must be abandoned altogether.....SO GO MAN GO !!#FBPE #StopBrexit #StopTories #ABTV 
#OliverRobbins @OllyRobbins is the Anti #Brexit Pro #EU TURD & #CivilServant who is convincing the Pathetic @theresa_may to keep the #UK locked to the #CustomsUnion! This EU #MAGGOT needs to be sacked! #BBC #SKY @LBC #LBC @ConHome #ConservativeParty @CCHQPress #Tory #theresamay 
Walk away.... Only way.    ‘Guy Verhofstadt: Brexit will be delayed unless Britain makes further concessions to EU  
One has to ask "why does Mogg and Co want Brexit"? ....  deregulation maybe just guessing... removal of our rights and protections maybe....just a guess like  
What we are seeing on both sides of the Atlantic is an attempt by an elite faction to seize power, while crippling the power of democracy to prevent them creating a low-tax, low-regulation, low-welfare tax-haven style economy. #BrexitTaxHaven.#StopBrexit #VoteEU.#Brexit #ABTV 
Healthy economies invest, they build, they provide, they buy. Britain isn't.All the evidence says Brexit will bring long term damage to Britain, to its people and its communities. It's not Project Fear any more, it is Project Fact.#StopBrexit 
I see @BenPBradshaw is using the old Labour trick. Vote anything but Labour: get Tory. I am a Remainer. Some of us lent Labour our vote in GE17. Now we are told that 80% voted Brexit because Labour is Brexit. Let's not make that mistake again. Shocked that Ben isn't with us #ABTV 
That's the second time I've been Brexit campaigning and a bird has decided that my head is a toilet.Typical! Those whose free movement isn't in danger, crapping on those fighting to keep theirs! 
SCREAMING! I am Irish! As of today I am a dual citizen of the UK and of Ireland! Suck it, Brexit!  pic.twitter.com/JY8sR4jNR4 
This is how 17.4 Million  feel about the Treacherous @UKHouseofLords... these filthy parasites must now be #ABOLISHED, FINISHED & GONE from the #UK!  #BBC #SKY #LBC @LBC #BREXIT @Conservatives @UKLabour @LibDemLords #HouseofLords #Lords #Peers #Tory 
Since BI published my story on the European Commission’s worries about Liam Fox’s trade department, a number of business figures have got in touch with me to share their experiences of working with the DIT on Brexit  
Local elections on 3 MayVote for a party that opposes brexitDon’t vote labourDon’t vote conservativeVoteLib DemGreen#StopBrexit #ABTV 
DELUDED: Guy Verhofstadt warns Brexit may be delayed if UK doesn’t make further concessions.Ok, so how about Britain walks away and keeps the Brexit divorce payment? 
My new campaign "Brexit Price Rises" has picked up 600 followers in a week and is making quite a stir!Please help spread the word by following and sharing. Thanks.  
Brexit Secretary David Davis promises not to betray the fishing industry like Ted Heath did in the 1970s  
Leavers take note:Nigel Farage is openly speaking out against the very concept of the NHS.Nigel Farage is the instigator and embodiment of Brexit.Did you vote Leave to try and help the NHS? Did you?Well. Now you see.  
This is it.This is the moment #brexit collapsed.Organised business is now publicly calling out May's government as incompetent & that it will bankrupt them with its current brexit policy.Truly unprecedented.  
‘CBI warns Liam Fox's Brexit trade plans could bankrupt British companies.’Brexit: liberating British businesses by bankrupting them.  
This report from the London School of Economics doesn't hold back. I pins the blame for skyrocketing food prices squarely on Brexit - look at how much more food costs in the UK compared to elsewhere.The full report is well worth a read:  
Brexit forces the Conservatives to choose between the pillars of their ideology - sovereignty and free trade. It could yet tear the party asunder.  
We're joined in Whitchurch High Street by @AnnaMcMorrin and @JulieMorganLAB today, talking all things #Brexit and the #PeoplesVote. Come and have a chat! 
SDLP Leader @columeastwood slams @sinnfeinireland Mary Lou McDonald after she claimed that #Brexit cannot be stopped in Westminster. People in West Tyrone should know that a vote for Sinn Fein only strengthens the hand of the DUP.#McCrossan4MPRead:  
British cunts “bloody foreigners coming over here stealing our jobs. We want our country back. Brexit”Also British cunts “how good is Team GB ice hockey now we’ve got some foreigners playing for us. So proud. Rule Britannia”Fuckin idiots 
"I've said it once and I will say it again... There is No, there is No #BREXIT DIVIDEND!"  #StopBrexit #EUsupergirl 
How much harder we’d all have fought for Remain in the EU Ref if we’d realised the extent Brexit was actually going to warp our politics. 
Regardless of if you voted #Leave or #Remain in the 2016 referendum, it is the people who should make the final decision on #Brexit. That is why we are demanding a #peoplesvote and will be marching to Parliament on June 23rd. 
The SINGLE problem with Dick trying to sell us federalism, is that in theory thats what we were sold already in the vow as the most "devolved parliament in the world".The 2nd is that Labour is pro brexit , arguing against a similar federalism. 
Irish Voters Speak Out on Landmark Abortion Referendum  
^ everything that’s happened so far with social networks cracking down on certain ads has happened because readers keep bringing it to our attention, and then we’ve put it Facebook etc. If you see anything weird online relating to the referendum contact me and @AarRogan 
Labour is moving (agonisingly slowly) in the right direction on Brexit precisely BECAUSE a lot of progressives in this country have been lambasting Corbyn’s Europhobia rather than meekly accepting it or (like most of his supporters) pretending it isn’t happening.  
Reminder that Corbyn's Labour keeps throwing lifebelts to the Tories to keep their Brexit alive.Don't vote for Brexit parties.  
Britain was utterly wretched in 1975, says Dan Hannan. No wonder Europe seemed a better bet. His review of a new history of the first Brexit vote:  
I am surprised there has not been more outrage in Scotland over Brexit. Told to cling on to Britain in the earlier referendum because independence might cast them out of the EU, they then voted for the EU in Brexit and got the opposite result1 
AC Grayling; another elitist telling the 99% what to think. His tactic is to say Brexit is the Apocalypse but the truth is the destruction of the NHS, of social housing etc. has nothing to do with the EU nor Brexit. Its to do with Tory policies that his LibDems backed #VoteLabour 
Facebook has referred a US anti-abortion group to SIPO amid fears it may have broken the law by paying to promote posts relating g to the referendum 
If Brexit were to happen, how long before there’d be a hard border problem between England & Scotland? 
As @Jon_Danzig writes in his blog, ‘According to this major new survey, if there was another referendum next week, Remain would win. No wonder #Brexiters don’t want another vote.’ Please RT. #PeoplesVote 
The Hard Brexiteer Tories are all about undermining support at the vulnerable end of our society. Pulling that fabric away for profit at the top -and Brexit fits right into their plans to do that.That’s why Brexit must be stopped as a first step to rebuilding a healthy society. 
Better off abandoning Brexit, full stop!  
‘It’s not a done deal’: inside the battle to stop Brexit  
‘No Means No’ applies to YOU, but never to me.  You need consent, I don’t.Migrants need all the paperwork or they’re out. I don’t have the paperwork but I stay. You need precise details of Indy impact, I get Brexit w’out a clue.Get the picture?  
It’s easy to write scathing tweets on the govt’s sheer incompetency with Brexit, but actually, the stuff like this should be deeply concerning to non-Brexiteers & Brexiteers alike. To anyone who truly cares for our country, our economy, and our people.  
Here's my contribution to @BremainInSpain's #ItMattersToMe campaign. What concerns do you have about the prospect of #Brexit? Let's use today to highlight the ways we'll be affected if we don't #StopBrexit before it's too late!@LibDems @TheGreenParty @Renew_Britain @theSNP 
It’s truly scary how little work’s been done, @ Dover +other ports, at Heathrow + other airports, in NI’s 100s crossing points let alone the Brexit citizen’s status. It’s as if they think a fairy godmother will be along soon.@The3Million @thomasbrake 
#marr Not bloody Caroline Lucas on again. She’s been on Any Questions, Daily Politics, BOOED on Question Time, now on again Marr show. The Green Party, one  MP in Parliament. Stop putting this Remoaner bore on TV everyday. All she does cry  about Brexit & Donald Trump.  
Brexit means brexit trumpeted Mrs May although she would not tell us what brexit meant. however the fact of the matter is 17.4 million people do not believe brexit is possible if we remain in the customs union. Every day May is digging this country in deeper. Sling her out. 
I see the argument, but surely if Rudd had any integrity, and any respect for the country & her own political future, she would resign and commit herself to opposing Brexit from the backbench. What cost, now, to mere short-term survival? 
The return of exorbitant fees for using your phone abroad is yet another reason we need to think again on Brexit  
A further 50 members of the legal profession in Ireland have added their names to a statement calling for a no vote in the upcoming referendum on the Eighth Amendment, writes @JoeLeogue 
So the BBC are blaming the Beast From The East for our miserable economic growth numbers (0.1%). Not one mention of Brexit, despite the rest of the EU (which suffered the same winter) posting 2.7%. I despair. 
Britain deserves, Britain needs something better than this #Labour party, than this Labour leader. Our country is being torn apart by Mad May and her Tories, and we have a Brexit supporting Labour, the most useless Opposition in British political history. Enough. @Keir_Starmer 
Gina Miller urges UK fund industry to speak out on #Brexit  
A pontificating Little Englander is on his soap box at Speakers Corner:"I was born an Englishman.  I am an Englishman. And by God, I'll die an Englishman!"A voice with a foreign accent, pipes up from the small crowd:"Have you no ambitions at all, then"?#FBPE #Brexit #UK 
#The3MillionVoteEastleigh South @LibDems candidate Alex Bourne (@ABourneLibDem) pledges to support EU citizens locally throughout the Brexit process. #LE2018Are you a local candidate? You too can pledge to support EU citizens locally here: 
Would be good if those espousing the threat of #Brexit to peace in NI would put as much effort into raising the threats of deprivation, marginalisation and inequality (such as underachievement), which have long been recognised as factors leading to resurgence of conflict. 
#ABTVSend a clear message to Westminster by using an anti-Brexit tactical vote in the Local Elections on May 3.#StopBrexit 
Pick the good guys!  Rainbow coalition (no purple). Support the anti Brexit parliament that we all want to see to stop the madness. Thanks to @lunaperla #FBPE 
Brexit is a project of political genius in which a rich & powerful elite screw the poor while the poor think they're screwing the elite.#StopBrexit #VoteEU.#Brexit #ABTV 
OK - you’re really going deep-end now. The 1% is not the preserve of Remain. See Rees-Mogg, Murdoch, Dacre, Banks, BoJo and a whole compendium of nasties.Remainers heavily overlap with the canpaigners driving to stop NHS privatisation- Brexit is privatisation accelerant. 
FED UP: David Davis could resign if May moves to keep Britain trapped in customs partnership."David is on the brink of resigning. He is completely fed up. Policy is being completely directed by Olly Robbins who does not support Brexit." 
#ProjectDenial I recall being told that this wouldn’t happen. That remainers & businesses scepticism , warning against brexit economically , was lack of faith & project fear. So tell me how blind faith is going to stop Brexit bankruptcies & job losses? It’s not. #ABTV 
“Brexit latest: Outrage as people who voted to abolish free movement discover that abolishing free movement means movement will no longer be free.” (Tweet by James O’Brien)  
BREXIT: David Davis 'could quit over customs union'  / #EU #Brexit  via @PoliticsHome 
Credit ratings agency Moody's concedes economic impact of #Brexit vote muted after all. They cut outlook to negative after the vote.  
Exclusive: Britain's leading business group tells @adampayne26 that Liam Fox's Brexit trade plans could "wipe out" some businesses and decimate entire sectors of the economy.  
EU must be joking! Brussels wants British holidaymakers to pay £6 visa fee when they visit one of 27 European nations after Brexit  Typical of the undemocratic EU Just a money grabbing cartel. OK then charge all their people the same to come to the UK. 
Rudd will stay put as she knows Brexit can be relied upon to bring another headline-making disaster soon enough to eclipse her latest lie. 
BREXIT PAINS: The Brexit vote has caused a significant rise in prices, especially food /#EU #Brexit  
Local Elections May 3rd#the3millionVote days left to goHave you asked your candidates how they will support EU citizens in their council throughout #Brexit?  
Should Amber Rudd be taking all this flack while the devious "Submarine May" keeps her head down knowing full well she caused all this mess...Just like she and her dysfunctional cabinet are leading the UK to certain disaster with Brexit !! #FBPE #StopBrexit #StopTories #ABTV 
.@DavidDavisMP rightly tells @DailyMailUK , ‘The people have spoken. They rejected the downbeat view of Project Fear. I have 17.5 million bosses — the ones who voted for Brexit. There is no question that leaving the customs union was a condition of Brexit.’  
‘It’s not a done deal’: inside the battle to stop Brexit  
Pathetic 0.1% economic growth not because of a couple of days of snow.Because of post-Referendum collapse in confidence in the £Because of post-Referendum consumer confidence failureBecause of business failure, relocation and Brexit- business uncertainty Because of Brexit. 
Exclusive: The CBI warns Liam Fox's Brexit trade plans could bankrupt British companies  via @BIUK_PoliticsThe @Bremaininspain award for the understatement of the week goes to ......"Fox is not the brain of Britain". 
EXCLUSIVE - "HOW THE REFERENDUM WAS RIGGED".  Read how the #Brexit victory was almost lost at the last minute:  
Brexit and the corridors of power. My blog post on the latest Brexit developments:  
"Brexit will let us build closer ties with our friends in the Commonwealth! Wait, not that way. We don't want them HERE. Actually all we want is the benefits of Empire again, can't we just have those?"  
#Brexit: the weaponisation of idiocy#FBPE 
My vote is a clear vote of no confidence in this govt. #WindrushScandal #Windrush#SyriaStrikes #BrexitReports#CambridgeAnalytica & #Brexit#Sleaze #NHScrisis #BorisJohnson #DUP #Russia #Trumpvisit #TheresaMay 
I’m sure Rudd must have been very busy think about Brexit - and that’s part of the problem. She may not have been reading the Guardian that regularly. But what about her staff? Couldn’t they have flagged it as important? 
"HOW THE GOVERNMENT RIGGED THE REFERENDUM FOR REMAIN" - and why the #Brexit victory wasn't even bigger.  A 'must-read' from the #Brexit Facts4EU team this morning:  
It’s a mystery to me why Theresa May doesn’t exploit the huge political opportunity created by Brexit. Show some real leadership, stick it to Brussels and stop surrendering feebly. Embrace Brexit and she can rout the Remoaners & 2nd referendum cry-babies.   
Switzerland eager for BIGGER and BETTER trade deal with Brexit Britain  
Gina Miller urges UK fund industry to speak out on Brexit  
Theresa May + Amber Rudd won’t resign because as typical Tories, they see unparalleled riches ahead for themselves post-brexit. Anything that hasn’t already been sold or privatised, like the #NHS, will go, + the money generated for them will continue to be protected in tax havens 
#The3MillionVoteOxford City Council @LibDems candidate Ruvi Ziegler (@ruviz) pledges to support EU citizens locally throughout the Brexit process. #LE2018Are you a local candidate? You too can pledge to support EU citizens locally here: 
Saturday 23rd June is second anniversary of the EU referendum. We need to demonstrate that the country has changed its mind and demand a #PeoplesVoteJoin the march from Park Lane to Parliament SquareAnd if you can, chip in to support the organisation: 
Opinion | Brexit Failure Looks More Likely Every Day - Bloomberg  
The Sun, the Mail and various brainless Brexitters are up in arms about new charge to visit EU countries ...#Brexit #StopBrexit #DavidDavis #Remain #Brexitshambles #EU #FBPE #ABTV #WATON #FinalSay 
GAPonsonby appears to have been permanently removed by Twitter for criticising the BBC's prioritising of Ruth Davidson's pregnancy over Brexit and the Withdrawal Bill amendments.  
No image better encapsulates the petty, petulant vindictiveness of the ultra-remainers. People who don't think the UK can succeed and will do everything in their power to ensure it does not. Further proof that the right side won the referendum. These people are pondlife.#Brexit  
The difference between Tories and Labour on Brexit.  
.@theSNP’s Stewart Stevenson: Latest Brexit amendments leave Scottish fishermen open to fresh betrayal…  via @pressjournal 
UK 'better off abandoning Brexit' if May fails to leave customs union  via @Telegraph 
UK Defence chief SLAMS European army project and vows UK will always look to NATO post-Brexit  
On May 3 a vote for @uklabour will be counted as support for Brexit because of @jeremycorbyn stubborn refusal to support the position of the maj of Lab supporters and support the position best for UK and for people he claims to care about. Show JC he is wrong #abtv for Remain 
Sadly not. The money we spend on the EU earns us far more in return. It's called "investment". Brexit is a bit like a shoe shop trying to make itself richer by refusing to pay for stock.Here's what David Davis's department says will happen to our money:#PeoplesVote 
Those who believe Khan’s rabble-rousing against the US President could damage future UK-US trade relations & London/UK economy should note this is exactly what Khan wants. He & many Remainers would rather the UK fails than Brexit succeeds.  
After Brexit this could be on your plate...  
While Rudd struggles to get through the weekend just consider how utterly weak this defence is. How many of us could use the fact that the we didn’t read important information as a defence in our jobs? Her position on Brexit is irrelevant: she has been dishonest and must go  
Please note that these men (@DanielJHannan and @Nigel_Farage) and the other #Brexit loving UK MEPs are still collecting EU money. If they hate the EU so much,  surely they should resign.  
Dear @theresa_may, perhaps if you told people the truth about the impact of #Brexit & the costs & options there might be more support for the Govmt. But this silly negotiating strategy of threatening to walk away fools no one. In the end the people will decide about you & #Brexit 
I’m shocked, truly shocked! Guy Verhofstadt: Brexit will be delayed unless Britain makes further concessions to EU 
Surely you spoke about your mutual excitement at doing amazing new trade deals with post-Brexit Global Britain? Did we not even get a mention? Were little Liam and Johnson not front of mind?  
Brexit Failure Looks More Likely Every Day - brilliant article ! Worth a read ! @stopbrexit #StopBrexit #stopbrexit2018 @BBCNews @SkyNews @itvnews @Channel4News @Telegraph @guardian @thetimes @CityAM @standardnews @FT @Reuters @nickreeves9876 @BrexitBin 
Paying no more attention to the smears.Time is too short.Labour is the party to vote for if you're concerned about rising crime rates,privatisation of,well,everything the Tories can get their hands on.A better Brexit,more funding to schools.If you have a conscience,vote Labour  
Brexit (and Putin) won, because they broke campaign spending rules, using Russian money, hiring Steve Bannon's Cambridge Analytica who used stolen big private data and delivered personalized propaganda lies to groups to manipulate them. #StopLies #StopBrexit 
But I understand if Labour MPs don't have the eggs to come out an oppose Brexit. So let the people do it.Say it with me: "I will protect you from any deal which fails Labour's safeguards against job losses, by allowing the British people to vote on it." 
So the idea that Labour cannot be anti-Brexit, because 37% of the electorate voted for Brexit 2 years ago, when the vast majority of its members and voters are anti-Brexit now, is beyond illogical. 
In #LE2018 tell @Conservatives and @UKLabour to get their #HandsOffOurGFA Out hard won peace is at risk from their extreme Brexit. #dontvotelabour #dontvoteTory Vote @TheGreenParty and @libdems to send them a message. Please defend our peace process. 
The economy is now flat lining as i knew it would, the great Brexit recession is only just beginning, we're going to get poorer, Rees-Mogg, Johnson, IDS, Gove, Fox etc will all get richer, but hey 'the will of the people' and all that #StopBrexit #ToriesOut #VoteLabour 
I am going to bed now. But I will leave you with this:There is still the matter of sectoral Brexit impact assessments, in excruciating detail. Assuming complete and utter economic ruin and devastation without them. Therefore I will not be voting for any party who wants Brexit 
Cambridge Analytica would have been able to microtarget the entire UK population during the Brexit campaign - using Facebook's lookalike tool - see @tristanharris at 26.20  @carolecadwalla @eloisetodd @JolyonMaugham #FBPE 
I wonder sometimes, in terms of art, culture and thought...our species has already reached its apogee...is it all downhill now?...governed by semi illiterate liars and clowns...a world where honour and purpose are diminished and debased....#Brexit #Windrush #StephenLawrence 
Yesterday on BBC Question Time Lucas condemned political opportunism and propaganda. Yet she uses an announcement of a pregnancy for opportunism and political propaganda. She really is full of it! Add to that being completely against democracy and respecting referendum results.  
If you don't want Brexit then don't vote Tory or Labour on 3rd May. Say no to Brexit of any kind.  
Don't care. Brexit first and foremost is to change the political culture because it produces people like you.  
Please don't forget. We need them to understand the electorate matter, they don't need our vote... Why? 122,000 signatures now. Keep it growing. Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  
The sheer criminal arrogance and conceit of a government that treats the people like hostages to be pushed over a cliff and mocks parliamentary sovereignty.#StopBrexit #VoteEU#Brexit #ABTV 
Back in the day this would be called a run on the pound. Never happened to Tory govts before. Clearest sign yet that Brexit is economic suicide.  
When this is in the Express there is only one possible conclusion:#Brexit is dead! 
No one will be forced to have an abortion or perform an abortion. This scaremongering is appalling. This referendum is about a human right for women and a private decision for couples and it doesn’t belong in the Constitution. And finally, abortion is already here #LateLate 
The AG has done this without consulting with the governor and despite a referendum approved 2-to-1 that would mandate a vote of the people to change the access-to-abortion law.  
If you're a Remainer and you vote Tory or Labour on May 3rd, you will have thrown away your last chance to make your voice heard on Brexit. Neither Tories nor Labour support a people's vote. And without them, we won"t get one. Your vote NOW is the only weapon you have.So use it. 
I see the @BBCNews seem to think they can keep Windrush and Brexit in separate pigeonholes.  FORGET IT!  These 2 issues are closely linked by the Tory govt's attitude to immigration. 
DISASTER: Huge majorities in #European countries think integration of #migrants has been unsuccessful. 73% in #Sweden, 63% in #Germany, 64% in #France. A wake up call.  #BBC #SKY #LBC @LBC @ConHome #USA #UK #EU #Brexit @Conservatives #Tory @theresa_may 
The New European: "Agreeing to UK’s Brexit Bill is not in Scotland’s interest".  
So @DavidDavisMP and @BorisJohnson are reportedly now in a race to see who will resign first over #Brexit “betrayal”. Why not go together, chaps? You won’t be missed #FBPE #StopBrexit 
Taking lots of deep breaths watching the Referendum debates on #latelateDoctor Peter Boylan...calmly & clearly stating the reality & the consequences of the 8th amendment.Unlike the emotive & manipulative rhetoric of the No campaign.#Together4Yes #repealthe8th #thelatelate 
Wendy Grace speaks well and I have no doubt she sincerely means what she says. But this isn’t a referendum on whether or not you like abortion. Abortion is already here and it’s not going away. It’s about how we care for women. #latelate 
Why is Amber Rudd still Home Secretary? Because May is terrified she will vote with Remainers if she’s sacked. That’s the only reason why. #Brexit is destroying accountability 
BREXIT BOMBSHELL: David Davis 'ready to RESIGN' if Britain stays in EU customs union  
When a leader can avoid political suicide by committing economic suicide something is wrong. #Brexit 
David Davis is on the brink of resigning as #Brexit Secretary over the PM's plans to strike a deal with the EU over a "customs partnership", says the Daily Express...We live in hope   
The two ‘main’ parties have a strategy: quite deliberate: just don’t turn up to hugely important debates like Customs Union & fraud in referendum, then nothing substantive can happen. WE PAY THEM TO BE THERE. THEY ARE A DISGRACE. 
This referendum isn't about abortion in limited circumstances, its about abortion for any reason. Every life has meaning, even when you get 17 minutes of motherhood #LoveBothVoteNO #LateLate 
Well, you and your gang want a hard Brexit and think the worse things are the better because it brings the revolution a step closer, so... 
Swindon will be in a far worse state if Brexit happens and Swindon loses Honda...#BBCNewsTen 
Remember if any unelected anti-choice speaker invokes Down Syndrome or other disabilities to defend their position, they are doing so in spite of the pleas of families & charities who fight for the rights of disabled people EVERY DAY - not just at referendum time. #latelateshow 
What would the economy be like now if we were not pursuing national death through Brexit?That is the question the media should be asking - but appear to be too scared to do so.  #BBCNewsTen 
Davis must first be held accountable for the billions that his department has wilfully and pointless squandered while doing absolutely nothing of value to facilitate Brexit  
The party I knew has been consumed by populism. By trying to please everyone - Brexiters and Remainers - you are making a terrible error of judgment.Brexit will be a disaster for this nation: it is a right-wing coup, and you have adopted the foot soldiers’ role. /rant over. 
FIVE DAYS TO GO!Great day of engagements in Strabane talking all things Brexit with students from Holy Cross College & local businesses even managed to grab a cone Ended the day with a rural canvass in Donemana Vote for an MP who will represent ever part of West Tyrone  
At a meeting with the wonderful @BenPBradshaw , a rare creature - a politician of integrity and compassion, not afraid to call Brexit out for the madness it is. @Devon4Europe @InspireEUorg @exestudents4eu @_Britain4Europe @peoplesvote_uk #PeoplesVote 
The obvious Brexit link in the UK's economic slowdown - Sky News  
It's very clear now that the EU is stirring up trouble to try to stop Brexit using the Irish border, and the customs union. It is also clear to me the British people will leave the EU and do not want to be part of this undemocratic union. 
.@guyverhofstadt: Brexit will be delayed unless Britain makes further concessions to EU 
I don't really want to watch the referendum debate on The Late Late now because I'm pretty sure it'll leave me depressed and enraged, but if ignoring awful things made them go away, we wouldn't still have Keith Mills.So I’ll watch - but I can't promise I'll be sober 
Sadly there was an inevitability about this. With access to markets problematic where is the incentive to see significant investment. The cost of Brexit is already building. To restore confidence customs union & Single market essential.  
“The Scottish Parliament should simply declare Independence ... There was no referendum on joining the Union.” Craig Murray.  
When u consider the damage #brexit has done and will do, and the knowledge gap between those that instigated it and those that voted for it, the only deduction one can make is that the destruction is deliberate, a ploy to crash the country & pillage it. There is no other reason. 
The only party which might stop Brexit is Labour. I don't want it to go forward on its present path. Given what that path means I think trying to cause it to change course is more important than the local elections. 
Great meeting. Clearly supporting the campaign for #PeoplesVote on the deal.#Brexit is madness, it can and must be stopped @mikegalsworthy #BrexitImpact 
No proposal suggested by the U.K. for the Irish border is legally viable, lawyers say  
Mike Galsworthy speaking to a packed #Brexitimpact meeting in Oxford Town Hall. Massive Remainer support from business, academia, local councillors and ordinary voters. Govt Brexit policy continues to be lack of preparation and profound ignorance about the impact of Brexit.  
The #LateLate referendum debate is to be welcomed. Many people are undecided. I have no doubt that after tonight’s debate people will vote Yes. Irish people understand that life is not black and white, it’s complex and needs compassionate responses. #LateLateShow 
Remain & #RemainerNow voters of Brunswick Park ward, #Barnet,  I am standing for the Lib Dems and urge you to turn out and send a message to both Labour & Conservatives that we don't want their Brexit. #ABTV #StopBrexit #WATON #PeoplesVote @BarnetLibDems 
#BBCQT Caroline Lucas mentioned "an extreme hard Brexit" (basically a real Brexit where we leave the EU) as many times as she could.I'd rather have an extreme Brexit than an extreme left Marxist party in control of my town or country. Be that Lucas's Greens or Corbyn's Labour! 
Don't vote LAB & get Tories & a hard Tory Brexit with no workers & human rights.YOU are a Tory enabler. You are enabling this nasty, racist, cruel, war loving, austerity loving Tory party.YOU are the problem......!  
I'm proud to be British AND EuropeanI'm proud to wave an #EU flag because #IamEuropean#Brexit will make us less of a country#Brexit will make us economically, socially and culturally poorer#Brexit can and MUST be stopped#StopBrexit#EUsupergirlPhoto by @bayek 
I hate #Brexit I hate #Brexit I hate #Brexit I hate #Brexit#iwantmycountrybackI hate #Brexit I hate #Brexit I hate #Brexit I hate #Brexit#iwantmycountryback 
Amber Rudd has to go. No question about it. However this act alone will not cure the mad ideology that has plagued the UK since 2016. #Brexit is the worse indoctrination of modern times. It is polluting our intellect and turning people into robots devoid of reason and virtue. 
Self-righteous moral posturing and self-flattery. Surely the safest, most apolitical and unradical protests ever conceived in history? Along with the spurious march for a 'People's Vote' on Brexit the protest against Trump is bourgeois elitism masquerading as radicalism.  
A #Leaver once told me they voted for #Brexit because French farmers are lazy and do nothing for their money. It's 10 PM and our neighbour, a French farmer, is still in his tractor spraying his crops in the fields adjacent to our garden. He's been at it since daybreak. 
FM is right to stand her ground!! Devolution must not be threatened as a consequence of England and Wales Brexit deal!! They wanted it, we don't!! 
#Brexit is like when you run away from home as a kid, and by the time you get to the corner you realise it’s a terrible idea.We’re now at the corner, with no plan, and our decision to run away is feeling like a big mistake.#SecondThoughts? 
I have met so many people who are eligible to vote in this referendum but won’t because theyre either on the fence or don’t want to so please exercise your right to vote, people are literally being denied healthcare and YOU can influence change 
Brexit failure looks more likely every day. @ritholtz makes a rare prediction  via @BV 
The referendum has put the British establishment to its greatest moral and practical test in decades. Will they accept the verdict? Or will they embrace an ultra-elitist identity-driven class war against democracy, asks @AllisterHeath 
Adonis says it himself: this has nothing to do with the customs union. This is about reversing the people’s decision to leave the EU or, as he puts it, “stopping this unfolding disaster entirely”. They’re EU obsessed these people. They just can’t accept the referendum result.  
We take a lot of flak. Ok, we're not perfect. We don't always agree amongst ourselves. But you #FBPE lot have inspired me since the referendum. They say we're an echo chamber that affects nothing in the real world. I suspect they'll say different on May 4th. #LE2018 #PeoplesVote 
“Brexit chaos could bring down Theresa May -- and her government”:   
Reasons roulette for Amber Rudd to go:Director 2 offshore tax-avoiding companiesXenophobic 2016 Conf speechConflict of interests/brothers Hinkley Point involvementViolent crime increaseLying about Immigration targetsComments against CU Brexit positionHome Office leaking 
Q&A session hosted by @CheltForEurope with Femi. What a great ambassador for the young. Two young journalists from the local University gave him a grilling on all matters #Brexit and plenty of questions from the many younger voters in the audience. #PeoplesVote 
Brexit Author Nigel Farage: 'State-Sponsored Euthanasia' Is Killing Alfie Evans  
German MEP Elmar Brok is quite right when he says the European Parliament has more power than the House of Commons. Power has been gradually transferred under the Treaties. And that is precisely why Brexit Must Mean Exit and we must LEAVE the EU!  
BBC interviewee: “A negotiation in which the EU holds most of the cards”.  But in our hand we have the Ace: a massive trade deficit with the EU.  After Brexit, we are the EU’s largest export customer.  Bar none. 
Stop the Brexit protests. Look at the bigger picture. We ALL want to get rid of these racist, heartless, austerity & war loving Tories don't we?Stand together & give the Tories a thrashing on Thursday. Together we could end them!May could be the END of May!#VoteLabourMay3rd 
At some subconscious level even Brexiters don’t believe in Brexit  
Brexit and the corridors of power. My blog post on the latest Brexit developments just up:  
UK economic growth collapses to just 0.1% in first quarter of 2018, new figures show.Brexit Britain is teetering in the brink of another recession. We don’t need this. Nobody voted for this.Hold a #PeoplesVote to #StopBrexit and #Remain in the EU. 
3. Reasons for her to stay - root of bigger policy mess, Windrush, predates her so in some sense she provides political protection for May; departure would upset delicate Brexit balance in Cabinet + she'd be powerful Remain voice on backbenches, a danger to May in itself 
2. Reasons for Rudd to go - she has not appeared in control of facts this week when Home Office was meant to be getting on top of a mess; she freelanced on sensitive govt Brexit policy and someone inside Home Office is obvs leaking, so how to be sure there isn't more to come? 
An irony of #Brexit is that the Leavers most concerned by sovereignty are backing a wealthy right-wing elite who want to strip the state of many of its powers and hand them to large companies & a global super-rich elite who care nothing for the British people.#StopBrexit 
Caroline Lucas BOOED for suggesting UK should have 'chance to overturn BREXIT' 
An Amber Rudd as a backbench MP voting with the Brexit rebels reduces the CON majority on these issues by two. One less for the government and one more vote for the rebels. 
"The PM's position is politically understandable, yet entirely indefensible. And it perfectly captures the bind Britain has gotten itself into."Via @MikeBloomberg #Remain #StrongerIN #Brexit 
We need some #Brexit reality. The hard Brexiters are continually absent, lacking courage and are refusing to be held accountable. @theresa_may must change her stance before it is too late and grant the public a vote on the deal with a chance to #ExitFromBrexit. 
What on earth is going on?! All they need to do is - to be honest, let people know exactly how things are, stop blaming EU and cancel brexit. 
Me in Brexit Record. Orwell was right. British prosperity depends largely on factors outside Britain.  
Instead of bitching about President Trump & plotting against Brexit perhaps Sadiq Khan should actually do his job for once. Perhaps that way London wouldn’t have out of control crime, terror attacks, cultural crimes like FGM, rampant homelessness & immigrant gangs pic.twitter.com/FjwkCR3SpC 
Kamal minimises Brexit as a cause b/c “nothing has abruptly changed on Brexit in the last three months to explain the sudden fall.” But it doesn’t have to be an abrupt change. The dawning realisation of disaster is quite enough.    
BREXIT CHAOS: Home Office refuses visas for 100 doctors despite shortages /#Brexit #NHS #Immigration 
If Amber Rudd does quit it is possible she could team up with Nicky Morgan & other CON Brexit rebels which would make life even harder for Mrs May. 
Flawed Fisheries Report Brings Serious Doubts Over Economists Analyses often used to justify backslide on Brexit! Only 15% increase in UK catches!?Report is total man plums! Its Huge flaw-No British boats fish in Spanish waters-even EU figures show this! 
.Oooh.....Brexit is wobbling & Europe knows it! They're adopting the 'wait & see' stance.. 
I reckon the wheels are starting to come off this creaking Brexit government jalopy... 
I’d like to ask every #Remoaner this question. #LeaveEU #Brexit  
The difference between Britain of Enoch Powell's time & now is not that there is more hate & bigotry, but that a powerful elite, far from trying to marginalise the bigots and haters, now sees them as useful tools in increasing its own political power.#StopBrexit #Brexit #ABTV 
A great politician can accept sole responsibility.When will some of our politicians own up that Brexit was a mistake, all the evidence shows this?They must show leadeship and #StopBrexit 
The bottom line is that Leave never intended to win. It was all just a lark.If only the likes of Johnson, Gove, Stuart et all would simply admit that, we could bin #Brexit tomorrow.#StopBrexitSaveBritain#FaceDownTheFruitcakes#PeoplesVote 
No, not aimed at the UK at all. A system to protect the EU just as the US has. The UK has CHOSEN to leave to EU and will, therefore, be affected by the change. You‘d better hope that there is a deal with the EU; otherwise you might find you need a visa in order to travel. #Brexit 
Brexit is going so well that Tory MPs are now telling all their families and donors to get their money out of the UK ASAP....  
The SNP understand how to stand up for Scotland.Labour capitulated with the Tories to sell Wales down the river over Brexit by handing back Welsh powers for up to 7 years.Don't get angry. Get active.Stand up for Wales - join @Plaid_Cymru today. 
Brexit Britain: According to the OECD there’s been a £300bn drop in foreign investment flows to and from UK between 2016 and 2017. Growth is down to 0.1%. The British economy has contracted by nearly 2%. Not project fear, project reality! #PeoplesVote 
I think we should say a special 'thank-you' to the British industrialist and entrepreneur Sanjeev Gupta who quite brilliantly has merged investment with opportunity and demand to deliver ground-breaking solutions and an absolute response to the needs of post-Brexit UK. 
Love them or hate them, voting for this party is the only serious way to say to the Government and to the Opposition: I don't want Brexit.  
Kate Hoey MP - "There are a lot of people here today who I am afraid are using the issue of the customs union as a way of being able to start the process again of trying to stay in the EU. They won’t achieve that." #Brexit  
Now this is strange:"Dutch delay spending on new port facilities at Rotterdam amid hope of British U-turn on customs union".But in UK, #Brexit leaders remain completely oblivious to any required changes to UK ports if UK leaves the Customs Union. 
Week in Review: Don't trust anyone who is confident on Brexit  
#Brexit is bad for the #NHS. No. of nurses coming to work from the EU has plunged by 89% while the number leaving the NHS has risen by 67%. 20% of EU doctors are considering leaving due to #Brexit.  
#Galileo satellites illuminate EU-UK divorce tensions and how #British industry is likely to lose out if we go ahead with #Brexit 
If you died after 23rd June 2016, I would just like to confirm that your vote in the Ref. is still valid & the Government will implement it next year. If you became 18 after that date, I would just like to confirm that the Government couldn't care less about your #Brexit opinion. 
By saying "experiencing this", you admit that brexit is a total disaster? So if everyone had been "more positive", the Irish border would have sorted itself out & Quitlings would actually have a plan? Nope, you lot wanted this, it's your mess to sort out. Stop passing the blame 
Throw her out along with all the Brexit liars that have weakened our democracy, divided our country and damaged our standard of living. We deserve better.#StopBrexit 
Grateful to @SDLPlive and @ClaireHanna for hosting @EuroLabour delegation to Irish border.The scale of the potential crisis posed by Brexit for businesses and communities on both sides of the border is woefully underplayed by the government.  
Get the 23rd of June in your diary! The @peoplesvote_uk campaign will be holding what promises to be the UK’s biggest ever pro-European march to demand that the public get a vote on the Brexit deal. Will you join us? #peoplesvote 
Because of Brexit, the economy is slowing markedly and the inward flow of international investment has been hugely reduced. Continuing on this path will see both worsen even more. Brexit means recession, long and deep. 
Anne Widdecombe - "I think that those who lost the referendum or some of them, at any rate, have ever accepted the result and have tried to undo it by the back door." #Brexit  
No thanks, full EU membership please.People’s vote will establish the ‘will of the people’ now that we know none of the Brexit lies we were told will come true.  
In the #CustomsUnion debate we heard voices from both sides of the House, explaining what a terrible act of self-harm #Brexit is.On May 3rd, we can send a strong signal to the powers that be, Govt & Opposition alike: we want to #StopBrexit!#ABTV Vote only for pro-#EU parties. 
336 days to go until Brexit day 
Remainers are peddling rubbish about Ireland in their desperation to stop Brexit, warn Dr Graham Gudgin and former Irish ambassador @ray_basssett 
The customs union con isn’t about the economy or Northern Ireland – it’s about weakening Brexit.  
Have your sayMake them paySay no to Brexit3rd of MaySay no to CorbynNo to MayNo to BrexitNo Brexit, No way. 
"I don’t want to belong to a generation of sleepwalkers which has  forgotten its own past and which refuses to face up to the problems of  its own present." (EM)This very much applies to brexit.Let us #StopBrexit.Demand a #PeoplesVote with the option to #Remain#ABTV #FBPE 
If the Labour Party really were an anti-Brexit party wouldn't you think they might have referenced Brexit impacting on the UK's awful GDP figures & the £300 billion negative swing in foreign investment to & from the UK since 2016?  
Discovered breached AggregateIQ source code for RIPON that contains crucial forensics linking AIG/SCL/CA/??? and convoluting brexit and GOP political data machines. Data Protection Act and election law violations loom large over this transnational investigation.  
The moment when 26 national student organisations across Europe - including Ireland, France, Germany and Netherlands pledge support for a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit Deal#FFS 
Anyone still think the UK is going to come through Brexit on top? I'll take my chance with an indy Scotland thanks very much   
If Brexit were beneficial it would be easy. Any cost would be obviously offset by the clear benefits.The reason it is so hard is that for all the astronomical costs, no benefits have yet been identified. The government can see the huge harm that is coming, so is paralysed. 
If your GDP can be wiped out by a fortnight of bad weather, I’d suggest something like Brexit might be a real worry... 
Over 40 years of #EU progress into the dustbin. Please RT our guest article today by Gerald Stubbs: ‘We’re throwing away our EU benefits’ Link:  Because #Brexit is so unnecessary.  
STOP PRESS: Prince William is changing his name to Guillaume. He is so ashamed of Brexit! 
SMR: Join us on June 23rd 2018 for a #PeoplesVote March in London! To find out more, sign up and donate, go to:   and make sure you're one of the thousands who will be demanding a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal! RT   
Set a date for the Public Inquiry into this mess, which asks the following:1. Why did parliament vote through an EU referendum with no due diligence?2. Why run a referendum on ‘leave’ without defining ‘leave’?3. Why trigger A50 with no plan?  
UK: We don't want other cultural influences coming here & destroying our British culture. Yeah Brexit!Also UK: We refuse to return the cultural influences we stole while destroying other cultures. Finders keepers! 
If this continues and #Brexit negotiations continue to be characterised by division and incompetence, the UK will continue to live on the edge of recession.  Indeed, the imbalance in UK economy spells great danger for all areas beyond London and South East of England.  
With apologies to older remainers I think what I said 2016 still stands:..Theres many property owning over 50s who'll quite happily accept lower growth & their kids reduced rights for #Brexit but if theres 2 quarters of house price falls brexit wld be overturned in a heartbeat. 
Delighted that the European Students' Union has voted to support our resolution for a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit Deal!26 National Unions from 21 countries seconded our resolution sending a clear message that our generation will continue to work together across Europe!  
Quitting Europe's customs union is a Brexit choice between bad and worse for the UK.  
Don't trust anyone who is confident on Brexit  
But we mustn't worry about the economy because after Brexit & we're rid of the interfering EU we'll be able to turn all our agricultural land over to magic money tree plantations and farm unicorns and geese that lay golden eggs in the eternal sunshine. 
The Mayor of London and assorted Labour politicians endlessly profess concern for the economy post Brexit.They also want mass protests against the President of our greatest friend on the world stage - potentially hurting trade.Personal egos placed above country? #trumpvisit 
For those blaming the snow for UK economy weakest growth since 2012 (and not #Brexit), here's a photo from March 2013.  
Theresa May has refused to sack a racist idiot heading the foreign office, an incompetent racist heading the home office and a bumbling amateur heading Brexit negotiations, yet still enjoys support of her party. Oh, but, support the Labour leader and you're a cultist?Sod off. 
Government's preferred Brexit scenario will leave UK public finances £615m worse off a week  via @LondonEconomic 
But I guess #Brexit is about "feelings" not "facts" and facts don't matter anymore. 
Of course nothing to do with Brexit   
#ProjectDenial I recall being told this wouldn’t happen , it was project fear. Since brexit all the signs were there and yet the leavers STILL LIE , simply denying all the facts. When the brexit telegraph report it , you know its  bad. #ABTV 
Must be following John 'I love Brexit' Redwood's advice 
Seems to have been a jaw-dropping £300bn swing in foreign investment flows to and from UK, in a negative sense, between 2016 and 2017 according to latest OECD figures. Nothing to do with Brexit, of course 
Underlying growth not quite as weak as GDP figures suggest. But Treasury analysis of BREXIT looks more prescient by the day. #soundmoney 
I suppose I should insert some kind of gag here about French baby names and Brexit, contracts on blue passports, that sort of thing. 
The petition to request a referendum on the future of the House of Lords has now reached 122,000Let's get it up to 150,000Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  
If you do a search on Google you will find a disturbing amount of opinion to the effect that May is a globalist or controlled by them. This makes her position controlling brexit to be utterly farcical but certainly explains the terrible battering Britain is getting from the EU. 
Both France and the US have experienced slower GDP growth in the first three months of this year, but sure, blame Brexit.Whatever helps the anti-Brexit publications justify their inability to accept the result two years after the event. 
Post-#Brexit trade isn’t looking good. Without the EU’s clout behind us, we risk being bullied. America is clear any deal with us would be on its terms – including forcing us to take chlorine-washed chicken. Australia wants us to import hormone-treated beef. 
I believe the Tory Brextremists are the willing tools of a transatlantic kleptocratic elite which is seeking to use lies, fear, hate, nationalism and xenophobia to turn the UK and the US into ultra-free market versions of Putin's 'managed democracy'.#StopBrexit #VoteEU#Brexit 
GDP growth is now 0.1%, with the Brexit bomb yet to detonate, what then?We don't have to do this to ourselves.#FBPE 
Nearly two years on, and the cabinet are still discussing what they want from Brexit !!  We really need to Stop Brexit Now !!#FBPE #StopBrexit #StopTories #ABTV 
Of course, this kind of elitist, superior, arrogant ‘we know better than you thickos’ bullsh*t is precisely why Brexit (and Trump) won.  
Australia says it will not force UK to accept hormone-treated beef in Brexit trade deal, as High Commissioner hits out at people "hijacking" the debate to create the impression that non-EU member states have inferior food hygiene standards  
Port of Rotterdam infrastructure plans stall amid Brexit uncertainty  
Outrage as people who voted for Brexit discover that all stereotypes about them are true. 
I suspect this may become a big story in its own right eventually:The alt-right and other conservatives in the US are targeting Irish voters on ahead of the historic abortion referendum.  
Brexit: After seven quarters of data since the referendum the size of the British economy is now 1.9 per cent smaller than expected at this point. That is a £38bn annual loss (or two Brexit buses) 
This is the ugly diseased nation, deformed by fear and hate that has been created by the lies and hate spewed out by the #Brexit press & politicians. Stopping #brexit is the first step to restoring Britain to health.#StopBrexit #VoteEU #ABTV 
No one voted for fewer nurses but we now know they're leaving in droves bcoz of this botched Brexit deal. That's why we're joining #PeoplesVote to march on 23rd June - will you march for a vote to defend our NHS?  
Trade-off between calories & contentment is over! Cornbread cobbler made w/ @Icbinotbutter means less calories, saturated fat, and reasons to deny yourself what you love #spreadnodrama #ad  
Brexit Britain is teetering on the edge of a recession: ... "It was the weakest quarterly growth rate since 2012, while GDP per head actually fell by 0.1 per cent."#StopBrexit#FBPE #ABTV 
There is so much we now know about the Brexit deal and it's not living up to its promises. We're joining the #PeoplesVote march on 23rd June because the people have more information and the people deserve a vote on the Big Brexit deal.  
How convenient of #loveboats to want to talk about alternatives to abortion a month before the referendum and at literally no other stage since 1983. There is NO alternative to abortion if a person does not want to be pregnant. 
Tory MP Threatens Rebellion, No Confidence Vote if May Abandons Clean Brexit  
But remember how we'd all have to pay huge roaming mobile phone bills in the EU? (You know, the ones the EU abolished but which we'll have to pay again after Brexit.)  
#TomasBaert one of the #EU’s chief #Brexit negotiators just passed by. Steve of course filled him in on the fact that #Brexit is not the actual #WillOfThePeople #StopBrexitSaveBritain #SODEMaction #Parliament #PeoplesVote 
Switzerland announces it wants a newer, bigger trade deal with the UK post-Brexit  
Ireland won’t allow progress on a Brexit withdrawal agreement if a deal on the border with Northern Ireland is not firmed up by the European Council summit in June 
This is a thread worth reading : a damning external perspective on Britain’s internal  #brexit dynamics ...  
What I can say, straight away, is you might want to keep the red off your polling cards on May 3rd.The Labour Party is about to join the Brexit, Leave EU, Cambridge Analytica mess.I have the targeting data and the story is coming. 
High street bloodbath as Carpetright, Poundworld and Fenwick’s axing jobs due to weak consumer confidence and slowing housing market impacted by #Brexit. This trend likely to accelerate as full impact of Brexit becomes clearer #FBPE 
Nicola Sturgeon has vowed to stand alone against the UK government’s final offer on Brexit and devolved powers, making a constitutional crisis all but inevitable.Nicola IS NOT alone...  
Well done Ian Marshall in being elected to the Seanad. Good to have a voice for farming and NI in our parliament with Brexit coming. Look forward to working with him  
Minutes after unionist farmer @IanMarshall_ is elected to the Seanad, @sinnfeinireland Leader @MaryLouMcDonald and TD @loreillysf arrive to congratulate the anti-Brexit campaigner from Armagh who their party’s TDs and Senators helped elect  
#Brexit stalwart #KateHoey #MP hits out at arch #Remoaner #KenClarke and others for "using the issue of the #CustomsUnion as a way of being able to start the process again of trying to stay in the #EU".   #BBC #SKY @LBC @ConHome #ConservativeParty 
New - the unionist Ian Marshall who opposes Brexit has been elected to the Seanad @rtepolitics @rtenews 
Switzerland just one of many nations seeking closer ties with Brexit Britain. The world is our oyster!   
US farmers are demanding hormone-pumped beef and chlorine-washed chicken are included in any post-Brexit trade deal   
Good economic news: anti-Brexiteers say, 'You can't credit Brexit. We haven't left yet.'Not so good economic news: anti-Brexiteers say, 'Blame Brexit.' 
Some people are trying to blame Brexit for today’s dismal economic results. I’m here to remind you that it is, in fact, all down to nothing other than foreign weather. 
If we knew nothing else about #Brexit, the toxicity it has injected into public life would be enough for us to know it's a bad idea.In the #CustomsUnion debate .@Anna_Soubry confirmed what I'd heard elsewhere: firms are afraid to speak out for fear of abuse. #BrexitShambles 
Every day until the anniversary of the Brexit vote on 23/6 we will be posting a picture from the #MarchForEurope  There are too many people from all across Scotland who came demanding #DemocracyOnBrexit, and they cannot be forgotten or ignored #AlwaysEuropean  
I thought Peter Bone was the key plank in Brexit? #FBPE 
A Recipe for DUP Stew,1lb of bigotry, 3/4 lbs of sectarianism, 1/2 lb of bitterness. Marinate in orange for 300 yrs. Partition, simmer on a bonfire for a 50 years than add generous helpings of misogency, racism and homophobia.  Garnish with Brexit,  and ram it down throats 
The obvious Brexit link in the UK's economic slowdown  
>>6 country then why is it wrong to say "no, this is not what I want"? I have no confidence that Brexit can be delivered by Corbyn or May in any form that will be good for our country. Take back control by saying no to Brext. 
"Britain’s economy slowed to a virtual standstill in the first three months of 2018, the weakest period of activity in more than five years." And #Brexit hasn't even happened yet. 
I love it. Hard Brexiters are becoming more and more desperate and they still can't agree what they are desperate for. Their wanton vandalism is based only on bullshit and lies. The more entrenched they remain, the more ridiculous they look.Brexit is dead. 
#Labour: it's not just "the cuts". The cuts have been going on for  a long time. It's the shock of #Brexit added to it.Your numbers would surge if you put 1 + 1 together.#Lexit 
AH-HA: Brexit not going well for you? Don’t worry, Mail readers have sussed the problem; bloody women leaders...  
The Brexit deal is too big a deal to leave to a few politicians. Will you join us on 23rd June as thousands march for a #PeoplesVote? Sign up to get all updates at 
-We need more doctors.-Just train them.-Takes 10 years. We need them now.-So what?-Can we recruit them from the EU?-Tricky. You know, Brexit and all.-What about India?-OK.-Great. Can you give them visas?-No. Why?#hostileenvironment #dropthetarget #Brexit #NHSlove #FBPE 
Can someone record the @BBCNews at lunchtime for me? Want to see how they manage to cover the shit growth story without mentioning the B-word - if it’s bad for Brexit it ain’t on the Beeb 
Perhaps it’s time for a referendum?“Public support for renewables hits record 85 per cent high.”  
Well done Brexiteers. Your stupid #Brexit hasn't even happened yet and already the UK is on course for a recession by the end of the year. 
#Brexit: the dream of re-uniting the #Tory party has become the nightmare that will weaken our economy, break up the United Kingdom and destroy the Tory party — and the smarter members of the party know it. Here's .@NickyMorgan01 in the #CustomsUnion debate: 
"It is clear that a change of course is needed. The people must be offered a final say on the Brexit deal, with the option to remain in the EU. Only then can we begin to fix our underperforming economy" @vincecable on #GDP figures 
me, sobbing, curled in the fetal position: you can't make everything about Brexityou, a wise, calm commentator: [points at baby] this is about Brexit 
The upshot is that Brexit is having a damaging effect on the UK economy, but it came later than the majority in the profession expected. 
I'm with the blue & yellows! #ABTV #ABTV2018 #Stopbrexit #WATON #FBPE Don't vote for a brexit supporting party in the hope they will #stopbrexit - there is no logic in that at all.There is no social programme they can afford if #brexit happens!  
WATCH: @Keir_Starmer tells @bbcsoutheast he is ‘astonished’ that not a single Brexit minister has visited the Port of Dover since their appointment.RT to share  
nobody took these politics seriously (because "it's just a joke, nobody can *really* believe this stuff, right?") and we ended up with Brexit, Trump, Farage and Baudet. Yes, they believe this and they get platforms to access power 
How I’d like to vote for a national government to get us out of this Brexit mess. Led by Dominic Grieve; @CarolineLucas; @ChukaUmunna; Ken Clarke; @LaylaMoran; @IanBlackfordMP; @DavidLammy; @YvetteCooperMP; @Anna_Soubry. Too many to mention them all. 
** Please share **Campaigners for Brexit deal referendum promise 'biggest ever pro-EU march' as hopes grow for fresh public vote.Let’s make it massive. Join the March for a #PeoplesVote - 23 June in London.Please RT to spread the word and #StopBrexit 
As the economy nose-dives, let's remember that the UK has already lost over 107,000 jobs because of Brexit.See  for full details. 
Let’s put this morning’s dire U.K. Quarterly GDP growth figures into some context. It’s the worst performance in over 5 years.Not seeing any Brexit Dividend...Data source: ONS  
Wonderful news: #neonicotinoids - the full spectrum pesticides ripping through our insect populations - are to be banned in the EU.Let's hope the UK government upholds this ban after Brexit.  
PUBLIC SERVICE KLAXON - Accuracy of Brexit economics forecasts editionBrexit supporting economists come.........last  
Louis. Sort of the opposite of calling him Brexit. 
Good #8thref canvass this morning in Rathmines with @campaignforkate and @SimonHarrisTD Lots of people interested in talking about the referendum. May 25th is our chance to put compassion at the centre of how we care for women in crisis. #VoteYes #Together4Yes 
BOOST: Australian High Commissioner dismisses scaremongering over a Brexit trade deal.Brexit Britain will take off and our historic allies the Australians are bang on board. 
Odd how media featured dire warnings about Beast from the East, yet its impact on economic slump was far less than Brexit issues, of which they said little!  @KimSJ @nickreeves9876 @acgrayling @Bonn1eGreer @lunaperla @Shieldmaid8 @JeanneBartram @MrRemain 
BREAKING: In a defiant two fingers to Brexit, William & Kate have given their baby a French name: Louis. One used by 18 French kings.  
2016:David Davis: “There will be no downside to Brexit. Only a considerable upside”2018: 
Trump is shaping up to be one of the great US presidents. He is very welcome in Britain. I wish he’d move here permanently and negotiate Brexit for us. And I wish people like this would piss off somewhere else.  
Remember how "The EU need us more than we need them" used to be a key part of the Brexit rhetoric?We don't hear it anymore. Why? Because it proved to be unmitigated bollocks.Expect "take back control" and "will of the people" to suffer the same fate. 
"Pound falls against dollar as Britain's economy registers worst quarter in more than 5 years"-@Brexit. - "Very hard to justify a strong recovery in sterling." @BloombergTVBut #Brexiteers , they keep on believin'- #DespiteBrexit 
Labour people: don't vote based on brexit, these are local not national elections and no message will be sentAlso Labour people: these local elections could probably remove May from office!!!!  
Theresa May must put ‘no deal’ option on table to keep UK out of customs union, says former Brexit minister 
One thing is becoming abundantly clear as economic growth in this country plummets: Brexit is causing huge damage to our economy. Brextremists cannot just hide behind a snowstorm as an excuse. Please RT:  
We’ll be 50 years behind France come March 2019, if Brexit goes ahead.  
An assessment on Brexit by a Tory MP  
BBC News - Sturgeon: Rejecting Brexit deal 'in national interest' At least some are standing up to the incompetent Westminster government.#BrexitShambles#ToryShambles 
In their desperation to stop Brexit, Remainers are peddling rubbish about Ireland  via @Telegraph 
Brexit means...Taking back control of things we haven't lost, while losing control of things we already have. 
Brexit Britain now 0.1% growth. Please, MPs, parents, grandparents you can give us a better inheritance than this!! #PeoplesVote 
On June 23rd thousands of people will be marching to Parliament to demand that the final decision on #Brexit is in the hands of people, not the politicians. Take action today and join us to march for a #peoplesvotePlease RT! 
To vote in the upcoming referendum to #repealthe8th you have to register to vote at least 15 days before. Link in bio for my Irish friends and any family that haven’t already registered. Sending all my love to my Irish sisters and crossed fingers that th…  
Growth collapses to lowest levels since 2012, Sterling weakening again, manufacturing output  down too. Brexit hasn’t even happened yet.  
FOI reveals Whitehall department in charge of Brexit has not approached a single external company to obtain ideas of how technology could address @BorderIrish #BrexitReality  Could they possibly be bluffing? 
Amber Rudd slapped down by Downing Street after refusing to rule out customs union |  Michel Barnier rubbishes Remainer claims Britain can have bespoke customs union | Switzerland wants newer, bigger UK trade deal after Brexit  
"People are angry and turning away from the Conservatives and Labour with their hard Brexit positions. They're coming to us as a serious and credible alternative."#Wandsworth #RenewLocals #LocalElections 
Whoa. Worst growth figure for 6 years - just 0.1% - as looming #Brexit effect puts brakes on Britain. (Output already down 1.5% since May 2016 predictions so we’re already £30bn worse off since referendum...)Still time to change course #CustomsUnion #SingleMarket #PeoplesVote 
Think it's more to do with the 'beasts from the Tory back-benches' and their mad, delusional, clueless Brexit than a bit of snow that's to blame for a plummeting economy.  
'Independence is conferred not by Westminster but by recognition by the United Nations, and there is no requirement for a referendum.'  There is an Indy majority at Holyrood. Use it. #DissolveTheUnion 
The EU allowed its Charter of Fundamental Rights to be violated in Catalonia and Greece because its institutions let politics overrule legal protections. We must not be bound by the Charter and the politically motivated ECJ after Brexit, says @lesliearowe 
It’s not the snow that has brought the British economy to almost a standstill. This worsens May’s Brexit squeaky bum time.  
Pound falls against dollar as Britain's economy registers worst quarter in more than 5 years  
Here's the reason why there is war over brexit, because it is fundamentally a false result. The reason why it is war is because it is in fact not the will of the people at all, it's the will of a tiny power crazed Far Right authoritarian well financed coup. #FBPE 
Traitors?, asks @Andrew_Adonis No, the Lords are the voice of reason on Brexit  
If you only watch one thing today, make sure it's this: @CarolineLucas making a brilliant case for a #PeoplesVote on #BBCQT.Good deal or bad deal, Brexit is definitely a big deal. That is why we are demanding a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal. Please RT:  
Farage is as vile & filthy a traitor as ever drew breath. There are no words to tell how angry this makes me. Socialised medicine, as he calls it, is the lifeblood of Britain. If you voted for #Brexit #FarageIsWhatyouVotedFor 
The Great British Brexit SwindleYou will get nothing you voted forThey will get what they campaigned forThey will winYou will loseWe will all loseTime to stop this Start by not voting Corbyn or May on 3rd MaySay no to the Great British Brexit Swindle, say no to Brexit 
If you were wondering what an Irish EU Commissioner might currently think of #Brexit negotiations: "Britain is stuck in a self-imposed contradiction on Brexit and it is trying to invent "a new type of border" that is unworkable"  
This is why lots of EU officials are deeply sceptical about UK's Brexit plan. "We don't understand how they are going to match what they are saying with having done zilch investment on their border controls," one EU diplomat said recently naming Dover and Heathrow.  
Last night’s #bbcqt plumbed new depths of bias & awfulness - Caroline Lucas, Diane Abbott (enough said in both cases), the Remain supporting Matt Hancock & Wikileaks’ “Human Rights” lawyer from Oz. As usual the BBC put one token Brexit sympathiser on the panel.  Pathetic. pic.twitter.com/lnHHv4otCe 
Ahead of the Referendum on the 8th taking place on May 25, #Together4Yes will outline why a Yes vote is so important on the #LateLate tonight - make sure you tune in!! 
owls > brexit, i will die on this hill  
EU nurses leaving in record numbers and now this government refuses visas for 100 Indian doctors. #Brexit was never about opening up to the world, it's a retreat from it. To protect the #NHS - Labour has to stand against Brexit.  
The fact that the EU still exists and sticks to its foundational principles despite #brexit is for some Brexiteers an act of bullying.  
I like to think I’m an optimist. There’s always a bright side, I always say and yet I’m still waiting for a single sign we’re going to be better off after Brexit. 
After Nicola Sturgeon fails to turn up to a #Brexit breakfast meeeting at Bute House...staff discover her in the basement  
Brexit could bring down British Prime Minister Theresa May and her government, writes @janemerrick23 for @CNNOpinion  
Jeremy Thorpe was at the centre of a 1970s scandal.There are several rather more current scandals involving the fat cats who promoted #Brexit.Will we need to wait 40 years before the BBC covers these?#r4today @BBCNews 
Still surprised that every potential "lesson" from Brexit has been learned by our political parties, except "decide what your true long term goal is, keep presenting it even when it's unpopular and you might achieve it" 
BREXIT BLINDNESS - just astonishing  
The argument that we should bow and scrape to Trump because we will desperately need an FTA demonstrates how Brexit has reduced us to lickspittles and should founder on our self-respect. 
BREXIT REALITY - - 400 lorries an hour go through Dover, 14,000 commercial vehicles a day cross the Irish border. An average delay of 2 minutes at Dover creates a 17 mile tailback. No explanation from the Government in the Parliamentary debate today of how this would be avoided. 
Brexit shows a clear divide between those who do plan and are able to plan (who tend to be remainers) and Leavers who’ve never needed to plan (JRM, Johnson, Hannan) or who are unable to plan, who think complex things “just happen”.  They don’t. #bbcqt 
MUST-READ: Campaigners for a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal promise 'biggest ever pro-EU march' as hopes grow for fresh public vote. Please RT:  
I am ready for any Brexit hardship, says man who’s upset if his boiled egg isn’t just right  
I wish Kate Hoey was a Tory. Courageous, respects Brexit. Unphased by all the bullying form her won party. She puts the rest of the Labour rabble to shame. 
It’s Friday.And #Brexit makes as much sense asTrying to boil an egg in the fridgeMowing the lawn in the snowLooking for a restaurant on Mount EverestCleaning the windows with vegetable fatWatering the plants with petrol.#StopBrexitSaveBritain#PeoplesVote#NoFruitcakes 
What kind of #Brexit do you prefer:A. EEA model: £260m per week (= 9% of what we spend on the NHS).B. FTA model: £875m per week (31%).C. WTO model: £1.250m per week (44%)D. Govt's hoped-for “bespoke” model: £615m per week (22%) E. No Brexit - it’s not worth it! 
The UK has become the slowest growing member of the G7 thanks to Tory #Brexit. We were the fastest growing before the referendum.  
Dear English Labour supporters, in Scotland Labour are asking the Scottish government to hand over devolved powers to the UK government, currently racist Tories, for up to 7 years after brexit. Anyone thinking future legislation won't make that permanent is a buffoon. 
Yes, obviously, duh. And we all told you, before the referendum, over and over again, until we were blue in the face, but you weren’t listening.  
Mr Mayor: Enough of the endless, meaningless platitudes. To @realDonaldTrump ,40% of London voted for Brexit. We are not part of left-wing hate mobs. The media no longer represents us. ‘Hate speech’ laws threaten our free speech. As our ally & friend, you are welcome  
If it's bad for Brexit, it ain't on the Beeb ... it's the new way  
I don't think I can believe my ears. Did I just hear David Blunkett on #r4today say Amber Rudd should stay just to keep the Cabinet Brexit-balanced? Please tell me I'm wrong. Why is an ex-Labour minister apologising for this sickening mess?#RuddMustGo 
UK position on Brexit is delusional. Our only strategy is telling the EU that it needs us and will fall apart without us. It doesn't and it won't. In fact it will benefit in the long term by taking our business. Let's get real and have a #PeoplesVote 
.@bbcnickrobinson “Brexit means we can now debate the future of farming”. Revealing his and #r4today’s parochialism. Environmental-based reform of agriculture has been a debate in the EU for 30 years. It’s not their fault you haven’t covered it Nick 
Caroline Lucas BOOED for suggesting UK should have 'chance to overturn BREXIT'   
There's a massive event planned for June in support of a #PeoplesVote on the #FinalDeal. If you think the people should have the right to decide whether the negotiated #Brexit deal is worth having, please consider supporting this march and campaign. 
.@NicolaSturgeon ready to stand alone in battle over Brexit powers 
."The Whitehall department in charge of Brexit has failed to approach a single external company to obtain ideas of how technology will help solve the NI border issue.". 
“THE EU HAS NO MINIMUM WAGE” – important workers’ & women's rights come from UK, not EU. Read our 10th ‘#Brexit letter to open-minded Remain voters’ here:  
Watch as Simon Evans gets the biggest cheer of the night on an otherwise risible #bbcqt as he calls for courage & for Britain to embark on Brexit rather than limp on with the status quo.  
The choice facing the UK between staying in the customs union and a hard Brexit isn’t pretty - but it should be clear.  
Last nights @bbctheview live debate went well. People in this election must vote to be represented & vote strongly to challenge Brexit at Westminster! The DUP are Pro-Brexit & Sinn Fein won’t turn up at all.  @sdlp is right choice for all our people on May 3rd. 
Parliament is cowed by a carelessly worded referendum it does not know how to manage. Compelling appeal for a #PeoplesVote from Lord Brown in @thetimes 
I don’t remember “vote Brexit and have less doctors and nurses in the NHS” being written on the side of a bus, but I am told people knew what they voted for.  So sorry Hilda, we will just leave you here on this trolley in the coridoor. #r4today 
Theresa May is literally begging the EU to give all the rights but none of the responsibilities of EU membership. The last desperate gasp of the having your cake and eat it Brexit con.  
I was up all night giving Brexit nightmares 
.@MikeBloomberg on a Brexit choice between bad and worse  via @BV 
In the age of Brexit and Trump, the EU has adopted the pose of free trade's biggest champion  
Without a referendum and a decision to end the union before the completion of the Brexit talks in Brussels we can be sure this power grab will happen.  
House of Commons & House of Lords now resolved to stay in European Customs Union. Only matter of tactics now how Mrs May concedes. Anti-Brexit campaign moves on to Single Market, Ireland & #peoplesvote to stop this unfolding disaster entirely 
Yesterday was the 133th day parliament has sat since the general election.No Brexit legislation is yet law.There are only 70 more sitting days before MPs are expected to vote on the final Brexit deal.Half the Brexit legislation hasn't even been introduced yet.#r4today 
David Dimbleby seems desperate to shut her up but Caroline Lucas of the Green Party was ultimately cheered last night when she pledged her support FOR a #PeoplesVote on the final deal and AGAINST a criminally reckless Brexit.  
BREXITThe Democratic Unionist Party has warned that it will bring down Theresa May's government if Northern Ireland is forced to stay in the Customs Union on its own after Britain quits the EU.  
Caroline Lucas BOOED for suggesting UK should have 'chance to overturn BREXIT'   
Fatalists who want to stop Brexit but think it’s ‘too divisive’ or ‘too hard’ - watch this  
EU doesn't need the City of London, says chief #Brexit negotiatorMichel Barnier torpedoes Theresa May’s hopes of a gold-plated deal for UK financial servicesOops.... 
‘Brexit xenophobic dog that seems to be running riot in Westminster just now’. Me on @RTUKnews 
23rd June, put it in your diary. Campaigners for Brexit deal referendum promise 'biggest ever pro-EU march' as hopes grow for fresh public vote - The Independent  
Caroline Lucas BOOED for suggesting UK should have 'chance to overturn BREXIT'  #bbcqt #Brexit #CarolineLucas #BBC 
Read the whole thread. The 2016 election was a referendum on patriarchy. Patriarchy lost the popular vote, but took power anyway, because that’s how patriarchy works.  
Australia says it will not force UK to accept hormone-treated beef in Brexit trade deal.  
A newspaper seeking out the only kind of Brexit narrative they comprehend or want to promote, and a British "passionate Remainer" journalist giving it a big wet sloppy kiss of approval, without realising the sanctimony & condescension within better belong to her own side.  
Why pay taxes, work hard, send our children to war and respect the law if we are only slaves to a system that disrespects our vote ?#Brexit #Brexiteers #LeaveEU 
'Let's seize this ADVENTURE' – BBC Question Time panelist makes BRILLIANT case for Brexit  
The silent majority of fair, decent & law-abiding citizens concerned about the devastating effects of reckless uncontrolled immigration, political correctness & submission to the EU were finally given their voice in 2016. An important 1st step in reclaiming our country. #Brexit  
"The proposal is one of two UK suggestions rejected by Brussels and widely criticized by British MPs."UK government paid consultants £680K for Brexit customs plan  
Sketch: David Davis is too busy for select committees, too busy for Brussels and frankly too busy for Brexit  
Support for #Ireland's exit from EU may grow amid #Brexit talks - @UKIP lawmaker  
Whatever the eventual outcome of Brexit, and I hope it is Remain, I think many of us have a huge energy for changing politics so over-ambitious, morality-light politicians are replaced. Campaigning holidays for all. 
I hear we've exported Bannon abroad. Sorry about that Brexit hypernationalist support, UK, and the rightwing cost to you, Europe.Just please don't send him back. 
Here @UKIP How do you like this for 'will of the people' ?#Brexit #GFA 
In this last year my party has stopped a state wide tuition hike, allocated over $1 million in grants towards services for underrepresented students, organized conferences, changed minds of administrators on key issues, created a referendum for the recruitment and retention of st 
Brexit: a showpiece of ignorance - yesterday's debate in Westminster quickly degenerated into a showpiece of ignorance, with many MPs either unable to tell the difference between (or eliding) the customs union and the Single Market ...  #Brexinfo. 
The unelected House of Lords are doing everything humanly possible to create mischief & stop brexit. Please consider signing & retweeting this petition if you believe that their contempt for the democratic outcome of the EU referendum should be addressed.   
Any version of Brexit will make Britain poorerEven the Gov't has to admit thisIf Britain is poorer, Councils are poorerBrexit has everything to do with the local elections.Let's vote for the Remain Party most likely to win & say *no thanks* to the Brexit twins, Labour & Tory 
EU doesn't need the City of London, says chief Brexit negotiator.Not exactly “having our cake and eating it”. Brexit is bad news for jobs across the country.Hold a #PeoplesVote to #StopBrexit. 
In my head I can almost hear Dimbleby say "you've got to stop because you are making too much sense for the BBC Brexit bias to live with." 
It looks as if the UK may spend up to £5bn on its own GPS satellite system because #Brexit has shut it out of the EU's Galileo project.  Yet another instance of wasteful duplication as a result of #Brexit stupidity.#StopBrexit #VoteEU#ABTV 
Dear Mrs May @theresa_may You fill my heart with sadness, take away all my gladnessCause my troubles, that's what you doSo I will fight youVote against youStarting soon, on 3rd May Corbyn tooCause you both want to,Take my rights awayBrexit?No, no way. 
Brexit-voters want a better NHSRemain-voters want a better NHSBrexit-voters want a sovereign/strong UKRemain-voters want a sovereign/strong UKWe mostly want the same things. We just disagreed on whether Brexit would helpThe Brexit deal will put it in black&white#PeoplesVote 
Rather depressing how many people in the #BBCQT audience booed @CarolineLucas when she demanded a #peoplesVote on the final #Brexit deal.Looks like some people have had enough of #Democracy and are happy to lie back and accept what the Tories give them. 
Actually, if we are to put a vote to the people, it should be this question. And this alone.On the basis of the impact of Brexit on the economy and society to date, and the information available now, should the government withdraw the article 50 notice? Yes or No.That’s it.  
Brexiters: ‘Brexit is the democratic will of the people.’@CarolineLucas: ‘Maybe we should have a democratic vote on the final deal....’Brexiters: ‘Booo! Hiss! Burn the democratic witch!’#bbcqt #bbctw  
BFE thanks @CarolineLucas for her passionate argument for a #PeoplesVote on on tonight's #bbcqt Once again, the "specially selected" audience of the democratically confused, who could do nothing better than "Boo!" her looked as empty as a #Brexit promise.  
Daily Mail reader’s responses to this story, so predictable and so satisfying. One respondent says he'll go to Spain for holidays now to avoid the £7 charge. Did they really let this lot vote in the Referendum ?  
Most politicians - Tory and Labour - are spinelessly going along with something they know to be deeply damaging. Caroline Lucas is an exception, not afraid to face down the mob (or herd) mentality that's leading us to #Brexit catastrophe.This is not "anti-democratic".#bbcqt 
Caroline Lucas calls for a peoples vote on the brexit deal and defends democracy of having that say, only to be booed by a large portion of the audience on #bbcqt, including one guy shouting 'we've had our democracy'. Democracy existing only when it suits the brexiter.  #remain 
Lucas said she doesn't understand why we are booing democracy when she suggested we should be forced to vote again on #brexitIsn't that what Europhiles have been doing for the last 18 months because they lost#bbcqt 
The Green Party are calling for a people's vote on the terms of the final Brexit deal. @CarolineLucas explains here why it is so important for people to have a final say #bbcqt 
》2/2 try and tell me Corbyn doesn't want Brexit! If he doesn't then Ms Abbott is speaking out of line and needs to be sacked. He does of course want Brexit so that is why I will stick pins in my eyes before I waste a vote on Corbyn or May on 3rd May. 
Diane Abbott #bbcqt "the @UKLabour respects the Brexit vote but more than anything else we want a Brexit which is good for jobs, good for people, good for the economy". Well there you have it boys and girls, Labour still wants their cake and eat it Brexit. Don't you DARE 》2/2 
As @CarolineLucas says, so much has become apparent since the #EURef that we need a people's vote on the final terms of Brexit and stop this reckless position on the Irish border #bbcqt 
'People who voted Brexit wanted to leave the customs union' That people were Googling "What is the EU?" the day after the referendum, suggests that quite a few had no idea what what a customs union was, let alone considered the north of Ireland. #bbcqt 
.@MattHancock getting the biggest cheer of the evening on #BBCQT. He was absolutely right when he said that there would be nothing worse for the country than having another #Brexit referendum. 
.@suigenerisjen says that Theresa May and her government have not sufficiently planned for handling Brexit #bbcqt 
''We need to show some courage and some spunk'' @TheSimonEvans says the UK needs to take on a new adventure post-Brexit #bbcqt 
Thanks to @CarolineLucas  who is indeed the only British MP who consistently says EU free movement is fantastic and that it is awful that Brexit will deny it to young Brits. From a Brit whose life has been much richer for it for the last 40 years #bbcqt 
"Would staying in the Customs Union deliver Brexit?"Fuck knows. You see, we don't even know what Brexit is. Is it hard? Is it soft? Red? Blue? Flaccid?It's a complete clusterfuck. Amazon Prime couldn't deliver Brexit for fuck's sake.#bbcqt pic.twitter.com/iCV5A20Svo 
How long is it going to take for some people to understand that #Brexit means leaving the #CustomsUnion, Single Market and ECJ jurisdiction? #bbcqt 
"Would staying in the Customs Union still deliver Brexit'?The Customs Union is an EU institution.This is basic.We're leaving it. Stop whining Remoaners#bbcqt 
It's tragic that people think we should "embrace Donald Trump" because we "need him for after Brexit"1) He will be gone by the end of the transitional period 2) A trade deal with him would involve bleached chicken3) Europe is our biggest trading partner#bbcqt 
A little scéal about my time in student politics with a topical punchline. I used to run a lot of election & referendum campaigns in UCD Students’ Union - campaign manager, desk manager, etc. We had a pretty good time of it in the heady days of “Red Belfield” in the early 2000’s. 
.@CarolineLucas incredibly clear on the fact that we need to be stronger as a country and stand up to Trump, and that in light of Brexit we can't rely on him to give us a good trade deal when he probably won't #bbcqt 
“It’s about the assembly and Westminster. They are the two most relevant chambers in relation to Brexit.” Really Daniel? Reeeeeeally? Maybe if you’re a quasi-provincial party but not for every nationalist constituency which returned an abstentionist MP. 
Antisemitism in the Labour party seems to be a question that is being asked as regularly as Brexit in the past few weeks. What gets me is we never get to discuss the Islamophobia and racism the Tories have real issues with #bbcqt 
1. Straight talking2. no pomposity3. humour4. down to earth5. exposing hard #brexit simply through the power of speechMarvellous clip.If only every MP was like Ed Vaizey.  
“Sinn Fein are leading the campaign for Special Status for the north to remain in the EU. Even David Davies conceded that Sinn Féin are strongly influencing the Brexit negotiations” .@OrfhlaithBegley speaking on #theview tonight 
Still chuckling at the idea that a party involved in Red Sky, Nama, RHI, Irisgate, secret Brexit donations, The Poots' debacle, Social Investment Fund, campaigning with the UDA, "Ethnics Out", and countless other train wrecks, have the brass fucking necks to talk about trust. 
Remember, the British people voted to stay in the Common MARKET in 1975. They did NOT vote for a Common GOVERNMENT in Brussels. A correction was long overdue?#Brexit  
When you make a mistake, put it right. Vote against Brexit. Vote #ABTV tactically on 3 May for anti -Brexit parties only. That means Not Tory and Not Labour. That means vote Greens, LibDems. Forget the past, focus on the future. #ABTV = Anti-Brexit Tactical Vote. 
So Scott Baugh and Dana Rohrabacher are running against each other (play fighting), yet as of 3/17, they both visit w/the same #Brexit friend FBI PERSON OF INTEREST, NIGEL FARAGE  #CA48 
.@DUPleader in the hot seat at the Larne Branch Stew Night. Excellent evening with colleagues and friends from across East Antrim and NI. Devolution, Brexit, Social Media and the Centenary of Northern Ireland all up for discussion!  
Great night engaging with local business community @BelTel business awards. Many concerned about the uncertainty posed for their business by #BREXIT. Thanks to @retail_ni @RetailExIreland for the company. Important that we all #buylocal 
It's hypocritical of Jeremy Corbyn to use a slogan which says "for the many, not the few" whilst unwaveringly supporting #Brexit, a policy which will in fact "screw the many for the few". #ABTV #LE2018 #StopBrexit #WATON 
Michel Barnier, the EU's chief Brexit negotiator, shut down claims by UK officials that the EU 'desperately' needed the City of London.  
I always preferred Leadsom to May in the recent Tory leadership election but after hearing her utter: "The EU will have a big say in shaping our post–Brexit immigration policy" I'm not so sure. #TurningRight 
I voted brexit not because I'm against immigration of any people or religion. I voted for brexit because I want control over immigration because it's necessary & sensible. 
So... tweeting about trump brings out an interesting crowd. The most abusive Trump supporters a) use pseudonyms b) can’t spell and c) are huge fans of Brexit. Weirdly none of this is a surprise. 
By Jove, I think he's got it!Mr Barnier:“The UK has decided to withdraw from the Union.It wants to be sovereign & be able to set its own rulebook, to have its own supervision & enforcement system.In doing so, UK will move away from #EU rules."#Brexit 
Brexit could bring down British Prime Minister Theresa May and her government, writes @janemerrick23 for @CNNOpinion  
2014: Vote No for shiny new powers! Near federalism I tell you!2018: LOL! JOKING! THEY’RE ALL OURS NOW, ENJOY BREXIT! 
Catalonia declared independence from Spain in October 2017 following a historic referendum. Spain's government dismissed it as illegal and said politicians leading the rebellion could be jailed @CNBC  
For being the flames burning in the darkness of Brexit - thank you friends.  
He can’t help himself:Cabinet Office official exposed by The Sun for describing a UK defence ‘giveaway’ to EU diplomats (Alastair Brockbank) is now pushing this article on how the giveaway should happen. By ultra-pro-EU CER.Brockbank STILL advising Cabinet on defence + Brexit.  
100% we can’t be dumb on this .with brexit we are going to potentially need America for trade . I mean i don’t like everyone I have to deal with in work but you get along and put things to one side to get on in life. So childish to say we don’t want you to come. Pathetic 
Which part of ‘Brexit means Brexit’ did you not understand?  
Just watching this Harold Shipman doc.Loads of old people thinking he’s the best doctor ever, when actually he’s killing them. Like voting for Brexit. 
Michel Barnier makes Britain a take-it-or-leave-it offer over customs union membership  
Some thoughts on Brexit, The Potteries, decorative arts, and the role of museums...  
BREAKING: @SwanseaCouncil has passed a motion calling for a free and meaningful for on the final #Brexit deal in the @UKParliament.@theresa_may, time to start listening. 
This customs union debate isn’t about the economy or Northern Ireland – it’s about weakening #Brexit, if not bouncing us back into the EU entirely. We must call it out for the con that it is.  
This pathetic grovelling to Trump is embarrassing & humiliating. It's an inevitable result of our #Brexit isolation.Restore Pride #StopBrexit#VoteEU #ABTV 
So true Nick. My lifelong respect for the BBC political reporting has evaporated since Brexit Referendum. Not only unprepared in terms of EU knowledge but also biased in selection of MEP participants.  
Brexit: Theresa May ‘pleading’ with EU for City access to single market, Michel Barnier says   
And yet we made global trade and securing trade deals around the world a HUGE part of the Brexit vision. So much to be gained by lowering import tariffs & doing business with more vibrant economies. The EU is the past. Britains future is global   
Join us MAY 13TH at Women Against Brexit: Girls Just Wanna Have Fundamental Rights (with some fab faces to be announced!) all genders welcome  Details here >  Register here >  if you want to join the fun! Spread the word  
WAKE UP EVERYBODY!3rd May local electionsANTI-BREXIT TACTICAL VOTING There are a lot of decent labour councillors out there, but this is TACTICALDon't forget EU citizens can vote this time!NOT LABOUR OR TORY#StopBrexitSaveBritain #abtv#FinalSay #PeoplesVote RT RT RT 
David Jones MP - "What we are seeing at the moment is the last ditch attempt on the part of the Remainers to ensure that we do not leave the European Union." #Brexit  
Steven Woolfe MEP - “We are being betrayed over the original arguments that we put forward for #Brexit. Let’s be clear, we wanted to take control of our borders, our money and our laws."  
Nationalists have ignored:* the indyref result* the EUref result* the unionist majorities in the local, Scottish and UK electionsCan anyone explain the point in granting them another referendum when they just refuse to accept results they don't like?Serious question. 
The Lords and some MPs don't seem to understand the referendum result. So for this uneducated rable, we voted to leave the EU and leave means just that, LEAVE.  NO CUSTOMS UNION, NO EU LAWS.  
David Coburn MEP - "The fishing issue has got to be settled. If we allow the fishing grounds to be used by the European fleets that would mean that they have a right to do that in perpetuity." #Brexit  
Never in my life time have I seen anything as mad or chaotic as Brexit. I agree wholeheartedly.What insanity. #FBPE#StopBrexitSaveBritain  
It’s nearly 6 years ago to the day that @Arlettemlyons, Jenny & I were on the #latelate show telling our stories of travelling to end our much wanted pregnancies.I hear the referendum is to be debated on it tomorrow night-let’s hope for the last time #RepealThe8th #together4Yes 
Continued membership of the Customs Union would represent a breach of faith with the referendum result. It would leave our country bound by EU rules on trade but with no say over them - the worst of all possible worlds, says @SimonClarkeMP 
Went anti-Brexit leafleting in tiny Suffolk town today. Chap stops, sees EU flag, splutters. Then he sees Union Jack, goes totally apopletic. "Hate that flag! Only one for me is the flag of St George." Riposte by one of our volunteers: "Did you know St George was Turkish?" 
This consistent evasion in Parliament that makes a mockery of our democracy won't go on forever, the time for running away is running out fast. When the music stops, when that first brick is removed, Brexit will be seen for all that it is and collapse.  
I heard tory MP Peter Bone on #c4news, he said @AmberRuddHR might have to resign........ Wait for it, not over her part in the #WindrushScandal, but because she's flip flopping over us staying in the customs union post Brexit, there speaks the voice of compassionate conservatism 
#MicheleBarnier-“I can ..see the UK's logic and interest in pleading for a system of ‘mutual recognition’ and ‘reciprocal regulatory equivalence'.This is, indeed, what the #SingleMarket achieves!” #boomboom#Brexit#BrexitReality 
Make sure May/Corbyn can't use YOUR vote to claim a mandate for #Brexit.  We can vote again in 4 years but #Brexit is forever. If necessary, spoil your ballot! #Remain #Notinmyname 
Most people have moved on from the referendum and accept the result. 
Here's why Nicola Sturgeon isn't standing alone against the Brexit power grab 
The referendum was advisory - just an opinion poll - with no legal basis - and an opinion poll that increasingly appears to have been subject to manipulation on a vast scale.  On this basis, the Conservative Party decided to run with Brexit to hold their party together .....1/2 
CUSTOMS UNION BETRAYAL: Parliament demands UK REMAINS in customs union after Brexit  
EU's chief Brexit negotiator signals Britain's financial institutions should expect the same access as the U.S. after Brexit  
The North East Of England voted #leave (fairly heavily) but people in the region are changing their minds & becoming #Remainernow  Majority of leavers are unhappy with the way #brexit is going and are concerned it will make them poorer.#PeoplesVote ? 
Every day someone posts a conspiracy theory about the #EU that is so off-the-wall it makes the claim that #ElvisPresley works in a Fish and Chip shop seem almost plausible. RT our new series ‘Claim v Counterclaim’. Link:  Because #Brexit is based on fiction  
"Brexit is an act of economic and political self-harm - and we cannot allow for it to continue under the present form that has been presented by the DUP and the Tory party." @allianceparty #WT18 
So Kate voted for Brexit so British businesses would get a kick up the rump to go do more deals outside of the EU block ...can't remember that being on the ballot paper.....what stopped them from doing that.....not the EU........she is flannelling. 
Remainer MP games risk pushing us toward an exit without a deal. Many Brexiters would rather us crash out than stay in a customs union if that's the only way we get to actually leave. #Brexit 
Dominic Grieve MP - "every Japanese company will be gone in 10 years time" The question is why has it taken 23 moths to realise that #Brexit is a load of lies? The public servants responsible should now be outed & persecuted ON BOTH SIDES OF THE HOUSE! #FBPE #peoplesvote #ABTV 
The brilliant .@RoaringNurse discussing the NHS nursing crisis, Brexit & how he & his family have been verbally abused since Brexit, just for talking in Spanish.  
Brilliant speech by Dominic Grieve today on the folly of #Brexit & the perils of magical thinking, especially in relation to the #CustomsUnion. Listen @10DowningStreet: Just 'cos we imposed one calamity on ourselves, doesn't mean we have to go ahead with even worse calamities 
There is a newfound Japanese optimism on Brexit, and closer ties to Japan await us at the end of the process, says Foreign Office Minister @MarkFieldUK  
Before the Referendum in 2016, Juncker said of the result & its consequences:- “If it’s a yes we will say “On we go” & if it’s a no we will say “We continue”. The Remoaners are just doing Juncker’s work for him! 
He "was not made for the business machine he found himself in." Profound words. Imagine we spent even half as much time talking about mental health as we spend talking about other stuff... like Brexit. #breakthestigma  
'Men need to go out and support women' - Cillian Murphy on the upcoming referendum 
Petition: 16 and 17 year olds should be allowed to vote in any future Brexit referendum  
I was with a financial advisor in city today about a mortgage, which I got, he’s 26, a remainer and thinks Brexit is inevitableI educated him and convinced him that we can #StopBrexit 
#Brexit Britain>>'No one flinched': Woman describes racist attack on her and 11-year-old son on crowded train<< We are appalled that this happened in Yorkshire to our good friend @Vie_Promo and her lovely son. We need to stand united against such behaviour 
Brexit poses serious threats to the availability and affordability of food in the United Kingdom | Journal of Public Health | Oxford Academic  
If Amber Rudd isn’t on message with Brexit, should she go? @Nigel_Farage is live #FarageOnLBC 
As a Cabinet Minister you can:- destroy evidence of peoples’ right to be here- not know if anyone has been wrongly deported - send deportation letters to EU citizens- lie about Brexit’s impact- bribe the DUPBut the only thing you have to resign for is wanking 
Rarely in any referendum campaign has a Government been as eager to hide the contents of its own proposal as this one. It is completely factual to say that this bill allows the abortion of a healthy baby at 24 weeks on mental health grounds. It is in the bill. #8thref 
During the EU Referendum campaign, we were told by the PM that it was the people's decision. Parliament had approved the plebiscite. We voted to leave the EU.Lock. Stock. And Barrel. All of it. Not just bits of it.22 months on and WE ARE STILL HAVING TO FIGHT THE CAMPAIGN! 
Today in Parliament our MP's on the DCMS committee questioned Facebook's CTO Mike Schroepfer, we'll put a video thread out later, but here's a taster; don't think for one moment our MP's are any less robust than their Canadian counterparts.... 
Ireland’s top tax and customs official says he is “almost 100% certain” that we do not need physical infrastructure at the border post-Brexit.But the EU is keen to use the Irish border to bounce the UK into giving up as much control to Brussels as possible. We mustn't let them.  
Why exactly is #KateHoey a #Labour MP She supports fox hunting & grammar schools, she's massively socially-conservative, she's for the hardest #Brexit possible & she's praised #TheresaMay - why doesn't she just cross the floor ffs? Vauxhall deserves better#CustomsUnion 
A flood of dark money advertising, some of it scandalously dishonest, pouring into Nashville ahead of next week's big transit referendum  
I have family who come from Sicily and Sweden, England and Wales. I have family living in France, Italy, Spain and the U.K thanks to FOM. I have family with dual nationality and those without. Get behind Brexit? When hell freezes over.  
So 10 MAGA Americans are fundraising to come to Ireland for a month to "save" us all and sway the democratic process of the Irish referendum, any chance @louistheroux could come over with his crew and follow them around for the craic #justlikethescientologists #stoprecordingme 
Here’s Ireland’s top tax & customs official  telling the Irish parliament in May 2017 why there would be no need for physical infrastructure at the Irish border post-Brexit  
After Brexit the UK will soon be ten years behind France.#FBPE 
Why does this remind me of the Brexit negotiations?  
One of the smartest people in the @HouseofCommons - namely #DominicGrieve, has just 'nailed it' in uncompromising, yet extremely diplomatic, language that will come back to haunt ANYONE who presses on with this Brexit madcap insanity. Thank you Sir! 
Continued membership of the Customs Union would represent a breach of faith with the referendum result. It would leave our country bound by EU rules on trade but with no say over them - the worst of all possible worlds, says @SimonClarkeMP 
I get that pro-lifers can have their own opinion but trying to win the referendum by plastering inaccurate statistics and wrong information everywhere is just no way to do it ugh 
Remain's Very last chance to be heard via the ballot box before we leave the EUPlease just this once vote a pro EU party - LDems / Greens Don't waste votes on the Lab string you along partyCorbyn was lent Remain Votes last GE, He said it was a vote for him and brexit.  
DEFRA to hire 1150 extra staff to handle Brexit policy work. By comparison, EU's DG-Agri employs in total some 904.  
Rt Hon Kenneth Clark MP is a genuine hero of the British people, an Anti-Brexit Champion, and one of the few MPs of grit and courage standing up for the #Remain ‘many’. 
So, nearly 2 years after the #Referendum , the Commons has come to the view that we should at least remain in a #CustomsUnion with the EU. The more they look at the detail of #Brexit , the more the claims  of Fox, Gove, Johnson, etc unravel.  
During the last  #Indyref I hoped that Scotland would vote to stay in the Union. Following the referendum I now actively support Scottish independence. The Union is now a dog.  
In Spain holding a referendum is throwing a coup d'état, cutting roads and raising tolls is terrorism, confiscating yellow items and the words "freedom" & "democracy" is prevention, whistling a hymn is violence and group-raping a girl is just abuse.That's #marcaEspaña, ppl. 
.@edvaizey in Brexit Wonderland. My personal favourite segment of the customs union debate...  
Labour itsn't what it used to be. It's now a Brexit Party.London is what it always was - a great European capital.Don't let Brexit ruin London. On May 3rd, vote Remain.#ABTVtoStopBrexit Vote for the Remain party most likely to win in the ward. #LibDems #Greens 
No.10 Team meeting"We're in a mess, #Windrush could take out Rudd and maybe the PM""And there's the Brexit mess""We need a diversion, some good news, something people can look forward to""What you thinking?""Announce Trump's visit?""Great idea, let's do it!"#friday13th 
Sinn Féin today launched their campaign for a YES vote in the upcoming referendum on the 8th Amendment. “It is time for care and compassion to prevail. I am asking everyone to Vote Yes on May 25th.” - @MaryLouMcDonald#repealthe8th #togetherforyes 
Delighted to be in Sofia today to see first-hand how the Sofia metro line has helped develop the city’s economy and connectivity. Shows the importance of respecting all commitments taken at 28 #Brexit   pic.twitter.com/cRdUGM4Jit 
Let's understand that Rees-Mogg is not a Tory favourite. He's the favourite of a far-right axis extending via Farage and Breitbart from the Tory ERG to people who are outright fascists. #StopBrexit #VoteEU.#brexit #ABTV 
#BREXIT Power Grab. With Labour in charge is wasn't even a 'grab' more like a present.  
The men of the EU Sinn Féin Team calling for a Yes Vote in the upcoming referendum. This isn´t just a womens issue, it´s an Irish issue. #men4yes #repealth8th 
The democratically elected President of the United States should always be assured a warm, friendly and gracious welcome from the Government and people of the United Kingdom, especially so in the case of @realDonaldTrump who is such a great supporter of Brexit and of Britain. 
In speech on #brexit and financial services @MichelBarnier stresses the openness of the single market to foreign investors, including through EU equivalence of third country regimes. He rejects that the EU desperately needs the City of London.  
JK Rowling: If you voted for Brexit, you’re a racist xenophobic moron. Exactly the elite sentiment that helped ensure Brexit carried the day. (Sad to see this, as I enjoy—and used to look like—Harry Potter.)  
.@IanDunt discussing Customs Union on Al-Jazeera.“There’s no agreement around the cabinet table. I’m not convinced there’s any agreement inside of the PM’s brain. There’s no majority for anything in Parliament - not a majority for remain, soft/hard/no deal Brexit.”  
MPs have passed a motion without a vote for the UK to stay in some form of customs union after Brexit 
We co-authored with @Remain_Labour and @FFSake_ piece on why Brexit is such a disaster for young people ! Do read and share the piece:  
.@ChrisHazzardSF and I briefed representatives from 30 London-based Embassies from around the world on the political update in the north & the risks that Brexit will bring. Great engagement and interest in the room.  
The EU is 'deeply concerned' about Liam Fox's 'incompetent' handling of #Brexit No surprise there then. via @BIfrance 
This prolife yank couple are crowdfunding 10K to visit Ireland to 'volunteer' in the leadup to the referendum & let me tell you the comment section on their fundraising page are truly giving me life  
Is pursuing a Brexit that leaves the UK with less control and a worse NHS really respecting the 2016 referendum?#PeoplesVote 
Sobering article which should be read by anyone who still thinks Sturgeon is irritating but not dangerous. Brian Monteith plausibly argues that she won't stop at an  illegal referendum on Scottish breakaway if there's a hard Brexit.. 
"Impact of the global financial crisis was a 2% hit to the GDP. The current PM's plan is projected to deliver a 6% hit." @AngusMacNeilSNP delivers a stark speech spelling out the realities of #Brexit and life outside the #CustomsUnion 
'RESPECT the vote!' IDS shuts down Remoaner Vince Cable's calls for fresh Brexit vote  
This is a fantastic article by James Bradshaw. James is a great writer, and this exposes some of the hypocrisy in this referendum expertly. #8thref 
Hah... @IanDunt on Brexit and the U.K. staying in the customs union on @AJEnglish “There’s no agreement around the cabinet table, I’m not even sure there’s any agreement in the prime minister’s brain.” 
Even more than a new royal yacht, blue passports or vellum, I think "owl stamp outrage" is my favourite unlikely Brexit sub-plot thus far.  
Today's customs union debate: Turning our back on largest trade partner will cost UK jobs We'll negotiate better deals as part of Team Europe Govt is peddling myth of new trade deals to keep sinking Brexit boat afloatWe need a public vote on the deal @peoplesvote_uk 
I was an enthusiastic Remainer, but we must embrace Brexit and not fight it. If we stay in a customs union with the EU there can be no global opportunity, no network of new trade deals, and no global British leadership for free trade, says @Mark4WyreForest 
Owls can look in all directions. Brexit generally just looks backwards. 
The only way to bring this country together and secure the agreement of the people is to let them have a say on the final terms of the Brexit deal #customsuniondebate 
The Gov't have been told by their own officials that leaving the #SingleMarket & #CustomsUnion will make this country poorer - but they are pushing ahead in spite of that. The future 65m people is too important for 650 MPs to decide. We need a #PeoplesVote on the #Brexit deal.  
A week today, you have an important decision to make about whether to try and rescue our country's future - and it is Conservatives and Labour delivering Brexit, which will increase taxation, whilst damaging the NHS/public services.  Vote for a remain party.  
.@SDoughtyMP – Poundworld woes show Brexit “already causing serious and deep damage to the economy”  
The whole #Brexit picture will change if @uklabour’s front bench change their stance on the issue. We must stay in the Single Market and Customs Union to protect the UK economy and thousands of jobs. 
"The only good Brexit is no Brexit" says @PeterGrantMP on behalf of the people of Scotland who voted overwhelmingly to stay in the EU.#PeoplesVote 
Yes...it appears you missed the fact that in a democracy the Ppl are allowed to change their minds & a majority now want a #FairVote a #PeoplesVote to Confirm if there is a majority for #Brexit or now to #StopBrexitSaveBritain & #Remain.Denying this option is UNDEMOCRATIC. 
BloggedBrave new world?The new EU law on advance travel authorisation for non-EU citizens - including UK citizens after Brexit:  
Because while owls may fancy a flight, Brexit is a flight of fancy. 
"Nothing in politics is inevitable. Brexit can be stopped. If it is, it will be driven by young people, for young people." So good to have @OFOCBrexit @FFSake_  & @Remain_Labour campaigning together to make a #PeoplesVote happen. Please read & share! 
#CurseTheresaMayMay your inept and dangerous government collapse and all your red lines vanish in the dust with a fresh referendum 
May Brexit fail and your husband have to pay all the tax he has been avoiding for so long. #CurseTheresaMay 
As it happens - Grieve name is not on the delayed substantive binding amendment to the trade bill - so we’re up to 13 Tory MPs publicly supporting a customs union... 12 was enough to defeat Government in December on Brexit Bill... 
Genuinely gutted if Gerrard becomes manager of Rangers. Terrible gang of Brexit meffs. Hope he goes into the changing room and takes the picture of the queen down on his first day. 
Amber Rudd has broken ranks with cabinet colleagues by saying that the government is yet to arrive at a “final position” on whether the UK will be in a customs union with the EU after Brexit  
I talk to people on the doors and in the road each day who tell me they are not going to vote for @UKLabour or the @Conservatives because of #Brexit  
Dominic Grieve furious that every time he wants to debate Brexit he gets told “in a roundabout way” that he risks allowing Corbyn in to Downing St - surest way is not to debate - also criticises the “irrationality” of some Tory colleagues and sometimes the Government 
#Brexit has shaken the EU institutions from their slumber & there is a noticeable new energy & desire to get things done. Ireland should harness this energy to be at the of a brighter #FutureofEurope. Read more in my speech to Seanad Éireann:   
Ed Vaizey feels he's living in an Alice in Wonderland world & he's learning more & more about #brexit everyday... you can be in the EU & have a blue passport made by a British company... now you can be out of the EU & have a blue passport made by French company. #FBPE 
You are the plank of Brexit. 
BREXIT: Nicky Morgan - Tories 'will not be forgiven' if Brexit hurts economy /#EU #Brexit  
At the press gallery lunch today, could not understand why Amber Rudd did not support government policy to leave the Customs Union. We cannot have Home Sec not supporting this key plank of Brexit! 
Just with arrived with @Will_DryOFOC at @SussexUni for a talk on Brexit at 4.30  
The House of Lords is trying once again to save us from the terrible damage that Brexit will do to our Country.Write to your MP - tell him that, now you know what is on offer, you do not support ANY of the possible Brexit options and you want to stay in the EU#PeoplesVote 
When you get fed up with the endless knocking of Brexit, just remember one thing: these people are losers. @ChukaUmunna , @SadiqKhan , @campbellclaret etc etc - all losers. And they hate being losers. So they’ll continually find others to blame. It’s a lovely sight. 
Because owls are wise, and Brexit is stupid#FBPE 
In line with the UK government's new doctrine on 'consent', I'd like to propose the following rules for the next independence referendum:A mandate for independence will be deemed to exist if -a) There is a Yes majority voteb) There is a No majority voteorc) Nobody turns up 
Stopping Brexit is not just about membership of an organisation. It’s much deeper than that.It’s a struggle over what kind of place we want the UK and its nations to be. 1/ 
We are putting public debate and transparency at the heart of our approach to #Brexit negotiations.Thanks to Bulgarian Parliament @ceaoef, European Movement @EMInternational @EvaMaydell, & @LilyanaPavlova @eu2018bg for excellent discussions in Sofia today. 
A pre #Brexit taster of "Global Britain's" influence as Damian Collins updates his  committee that Mark Zuckerberg has refused to come to Westminster but has just agreed to give evidence to the European Parliament.This is what the future looks like. 
We’re now seeing virtually unprecedented levels of vitriol & personal abuse coming from SNP staff & supporters towards those with a different view. They’ve misread the public entirely on the Brexit/devolution issue and are in a state of blind panic. 
Another #Brexit scandal:The Labour Leave campaign was funded by right-wing Tory donors, including supporters of the Taxpayers Alliance. #StopBrexit #VoteEU#brexit #ABTV 
AntisemitismBrexitCambridge AnalyticaDUPERGFacebook scandalGrenfellHomelessnessIrish borderJeremy CorbynKnife crimeLexitMomentumNovichokOppositionPassportsQuestion TimeRussiaSyriaTheresa MayUnicornsVassal stateWindrushXenophobiaYemenZero Hours#LE2018 
Wembley Stadium should never be owned by a foreigner. To think men died on the beaches and brave patriots put their X in the Leave box for this shit. First blue passports made in France, now this. Granite Brexit needed! 
Pretty hypocritical of @edvaizey to say it isn't clear that Brexit meant leaving the single market and the EU Customs Union.Here he is in December 2016 saying: “Leaving the single market and Customs Union isn't 'hard Brexit' – it's Brexit.”  
Ed Vaizey, who did not rebel in Decembers lost vote, withering in Customs Union debate: “if it is in the interests of our economy to be in a customs union, it should be able to do so without being accused of betraying Brexit”... 
Ken Clarke has completed outclassed Kate Hoey with reason, rationality, and common sense. Hoey, on the other hand, offers meaningless soundbites to why Brexit will be like finding a pot of gold at the end of a rainbow #rethinkbrexit 
Very constructive and interesting meeting about #Brexit with HE Libor Secka , Ambassador of the #CzechRepublic : also pleased to tell him about #Czech turbine installed in new #Dalavich Community Hydro I opened on Sunday  
Rudd sets massive new Brexit hare running by refusing to confirm UK will definitely leave EU’s Customs Union: “I’m afraid I’m not going to be drawn on that”. Instead, says discussions still ongoing in Cabinet #pressgallery 
In Spain: 3 year prison for a song, 30 y for a referendum, 60 y for a bar fight. 9 YEARS for a group rape to a 18 year old drunken girl. Note1: two rapists are Guardia Civil Note2: the bar fight "victims" are GCNote3: people voting at the referendum were beaten by GC#LaManada 
Nigel Dodd’s threat to bring down Theresa May’s Tory Gov if NI is treated differently after Brexit -  
#katehoey is the Hard Brexit rock that just can't be shifted by facts, reality or commonsense just the next General Election. 
WATCH: @ChukaUmunna in the Customs & Border debate today asks why the Gov are pursuing a policy that they know will make the country poorer. It's time to let the people have the say on the final Brexit deal. #PeoplesVote 
Galaxy brain: Cooper Labour would be on 80% after questioning so microscopically forensic that key cabinet figures panic & confess to a series of unrelated serious crimes. Brexit forces rout in disarray & are pursued to the sea where they surrender en masse. 
So, @GOVUK agrees a 21 month implementation period is all that's needed for dealing with all aspects of #Brexit, but need 7 years before @ScotParl can have all devolved powers. It makes no sense unless.......@Feorlean @IanBlackfordMP 
Very interesting polling analysis by @sjwrenlewis. - Leave voters do not want any of the costly Brexit options available.- They only want a cost-free fantasy version of Brexit.- There is a chance of a huge swing to Remain in people’s vote. 
Scotland's fishing industry worried about future post-Brexit  
This week, we revealed how the family of Azerbaijan's president has amassed a vast portfolio of luxury hotels and villas during his years in power. Today, chasing post-Brexit trade, @theresa_may is hosting Ilham Alyev in Downing Street 
Anna Soubry reveals that a company employing 750 people in her constituency has contacted her to express fears about Brexit but does not want to be named in fear of backlash and abuse 
Rt Hon Kenneth Clarke MP has just confirmed that in his 48 years as an MP, and decades as a Minister in different Govts, he has never known a Govt to implement deliberately a policy which it knows will do great damage to the British people #Brexit #FBPE 
Top Turkish diplomat who helped negotiate his country's EU customs arrangements warns that Turkey-style customs union would leave UK with "semi-colonial" status after Brexit  
The SNP cannot be trusted with anything.No wonder they were excluded from the Brexit discussions. 
Brexiteers watch Kate Hoey stand up to the bullies,hecklers,cowards,seditionists and chancers from all sides who wish to cancel or nullify  the Referendum Vote of the people in the Commons today.Kate Hoey I salute you !Shame on Remoaners Again! 
Kate HoeyNorthern Ireland border issue reference Brexit is the creation of Eire the IRA and the EU.I think she'll find the border was created as a result of partition by the British, the need for a hard border today is a WTO requirement.Tic Toc#FBPE 
I can additionally help maintain peace, tweet copiously, tell jokes, correct punctuation, consume ice cream, bilocate, write poetry, author parodic books and frustrate Brexit. Plus I’m invisible.  
Kate Hoey live on parliament TV now. She accusses Sinn Fein of terrorism blackmail on #Brexit. She then pauses & says that the Irish Republic will suffer the most if we leave EU with no deal.Who is doing the blackmail here? 
Twitter is investigating allegations that anti-abortion campaigners are creating bot accounts before the referendum after @nicolacoughlan highlighted it 
I’m going to admit here what with Windrush, antisemitism, Brexit, Trump, those celibate men whatever they call themselves, the only news story that’s keeping my head out of the oven is the royal wedding. Which is exactly what the royals are there for. 
I don’t think you know how this works. After Brexit there will be literally no incentive for EU citizens to want to visit the UK. I’ll take Spanish beaches, Italian food, German biergartens, and French wine tours over British gammon  
The Customs Union con: This isn’t about the economy or Northern Ireland – it’s about weakening Brexit.  
Listening to the wonderful Kate Hoey defending Brexit against a bear-pit of self-interested and traitorous Continuity Remainers loving CU. 
This will be my last #TanjasDaily for a while as I am off on holiday tomorrow. So I wanted to make this about something very important: the Local Elections. There is nothing more local than Brexit because of how it will reach into every aspect of life.  
REMINDER: Before the EURef, Kate Hoey was informing her followers about how great the Norway Option could be - apparently, she didn't know Brexit meant leaving the Single Market & CU.@skynews #CustomsUnion @LBC 
"Immigrant season... NHS season... privatisation season... affordable housing season... disability season... brexit season..." by S4RK - just FP'd:  
Ken Clarke now reminding the House what an extraordinary achievement the #GoodFridayAgreement is. We lost more soldiers in NI than in Iraq & Afghanistan combined, but Brexiters have short memories, & want to set the GFA aside as an 'inconvenience' in the way of their hard #Brexit 
I have always had time for the House of Lords but the way they are trying to overrule the democracy of the British people and their vote for Brexit has made me change my mind.They are an antiquated, over-paid, out-of-touch bunch who need to be put out to pasture.  
10/ while I’m not reading too much into one meeting it’s clear that GER biz position on #brexit changed since 2016. it’s now seen as a problem to mitigate & that singleMkt must be protected at all costs.Any special UK-GER route now gone, oh & Fox? nobody mentions Him here/ENDS 
This week @ottocrat and I ask what the hell the Labour leadership are playing at, and discuss our reluctant support for Anti-Brexit Tactical Voting #ABTV in the local elections. 
because Brexit won't fly  
It may be a simplistic view, but I do think that MSPs are elected to the Scottish Parliament, by the people of Scotland and paid by them, to serve their interests.  Any MSP who is representing the wishes of Another Governmentshould resign immediately#brexit #ContinuityBill 
9/ at the bar afterwards the crowd seemed subdued. The meeting actually generated less confidence & information in UK #brexit position than before. This before a crowd of vital importance & stakeholders for UK. 
Watching @YvetteCooperMP and Ken Clarke demolish Brexit arguments on CU. What an absolute tragedy that people of this calibre have no position in govt or opposition. 
"I love the DUP"Looks like this needed explanation.Tories would love to solve border prob by putting it in Irish Sea, jettisoning NI - and Britain doing Hard Brexit.DUP say no & have Govt by balls.So Brexit's stuck thx to Brexit-loving DUP who are killing Brexit. DUP  
'Men need to go out and support women' - Cillian Murphy on the upcoming referendum  
LEE RIGBY MEMORIAL REFUSED 
The SNP has spent years attempting to widen the gap between the Scottish Parliament and Westminster in order to pursue their independence agenda. By doing so, they have harmed the Scottish economy. It’s time they put independence to one side, and work towards a Brexit deal. 
John Redwood makes a fool of himself after he intervenes on Yvette Cooper during the customs union after #brexit debate #StopBrexit #FBPE 
It is confirmed! #Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg will come to @Europarl_EN in May. But he has conditions. Parliament still looking for the right format for the hearing. #cambridgeanalytica #Brexit #Russia #disinformation 
This *may* be of interest. My own personal German based Liam Fox anecdote.Frankfurt based since 2001 I was invited to a (I’ll keep it unnamed) Anglo-German business meeting in 2017 in which Fox was the guest of honour.The subject was „the post #brexit UK-German relationship“. 
Astonished and disappointed that the UK Gov hasn’t listened to the only vet in @UKParliament, Lord Trees, and has voted down the amendment to include animal sentience in the Brexit Bill. We'll continue to campaign for this to be improved in the #AnimalWelfare Bill -@DavidBowles21 
At #FMQ today tRuthLess Davidson, Shouting her head off for Scotland to capitulate by knuckling under to Westminster’s Tory demand to give consent to Clause 11 of the Brexit Bill                          - You Just Can’t Trust a Tory-  
TODAY'S TOP LABOUR RACISM INSULT.Umunna's particularly vile and contemptuous tweet labels anyone who voted for Brexit as racist. I find that incredibly offensive. He speaks of "MY COMMUNITY". I thought we were ALL British Chukka? Obviously not how you see it Sir.  
UKIP Leader Gerard Batten exposes establishment plot to stop Brexit.#ForTheNation 
The DUP, the true Conservatives and Protectors of Brexit   
DU P warns it will bring down PM's Gov if N. Ireland is forced to stay in  Single Market or Customs Union after Brexit@duponline will vote against Gov if any of its "red lines" on Brexit are crossedThank God for the DUPAt least they have some backbone  
Here's a highly accurate analysis of #FMQs via Facebook reactions  #EUWithdrawalBill #Brexit  
Brexit could bring down British Prime Minister Theresa May and her government, writes @janemerrick23 for @CNNOpinion  
When a Brexit minister and former leader of ERG states doing "trade deals with third countries" is "one of the prime opportunities of Brexit" even though their own analysis proves this false, it's not incompetence, it's deliberate sabotage of our economy. 
Brexit. Ruth Davidson's strongest subject. Said no one ever. #FMQs #Brexit 
Brexit is a wistful flight of fancy without any substance.I’ve yet to hear a coherent argument on the merits of Brexit and any detail on what Brexit actually looks like.Brexit is basically an outlet of blame for a set of problems that have little or nothing to do with the EU. 
After #Brexit, the UK will lose access to 759 low tariff international trade deals negotiated by the EU.  
The reason nobody knows what Brexit means is because its roots stem from a 30 year psychodrama within the Tory party but without a strategic end game. Brexit is a way of deflecting from a multitude of problems facing our country - many of them caused by the Tory party themselves. 
"The Labour party that is running Wales has got one job and that is to defend Wales and the Welsh constitution. They are not fit to the be the government of Wales" @JonathanPlaid on Welsh Labour government's consenting to devolved Welsh powers  going to Westminster post #Brexit.  
Today I asked Michael Gove to rule out imposing UK-wide agricultural frameworks without consent of Holyrood or Cardiff Bay - he refused, and instead had a strange rant about independence and buses, neither of which are his strong point... #Brexit #NoPowerGrab 
EU say Brexit Britain will leave behind €12 - €14 billion black hole per year.European Commission’s response? Let’s increase the budget! Brussels: world class at spending money.  
Clear analysis of the unworkable nature of Government's Brexit position: "At some point reality must set in".  
The @DailyMailUK astonished to discover Brexit has the most obvious consequences. #BrexitChaos 
Seven reasons Brexit will be fine. (Seven is the best reason. Me for Reaction @reactionlife) 
.@TheScepticIsle being typically clear & eloquent on Brexit and the single market  
When there is a public inquiry into the fiasco that is Brexit, who got these contracts, how they got them and how much they were paid will be a big issue.  Then, yet again, there will be 'recommendations'... Nothing new under the sun etc.  
This referendum is about getting constitutional  lawyers out of the room when a pregnant persons life is at risk.  Lawyers have junior cert biology. We should have no part to play in medical decisions, other than our own.  Leave it to doctors & pregnant people. #Together4yes 
My parents came to UK from the Levant in '67. I was born in Epsom hospital. They gave me an "Anglo"name so I would fit in at school. UK was a "hostile environment" back then. Then we grew up as nation. Now, thanks to #Brexit, we are socially retarded again. #StopBrexit#ABTV 
If true, this is quite possibly the only good thing to have come out of Brexit. 
This account was set up in December 2017 to demonstrate that there is an awful lot of evidence that #Brexit is not the will of the people (if it ever really was) & share stories of leavers (& abstainers) who are looking at #brexitreality & changing their minds & are #remainernow 
Brexit war cabinet gives green light to 50-page dossier of Brexit trade demands to seize the initiative from Brussels in the negotiations  
"It expresses no concern for the thousands of women who begin a long journey on the boat to England. It's a callous referendum."Michael D. Higgins opposing the 8th amendment in 1983. Nothing but respect for MY president.  
Simple! Just reciprocate : Brits will have to pay £6 visa fee to travel to EU countries after Brexit - The Sun  
Facebook CTO: "We found £1 worth of spend by the IRA in Brexit." @DamianCollins "That doesn't mean they couldn't have found another way." Facebook CTO: "I can't prove a negative." This is going well. 
 via @BIUK_Politics"Brussels has singled out UK Trade Secretary Liam Fox, who is accused of failing "to grasp basic concepts and trade-offs" regarding Brexit"There can be little doubt that @liamfox is incompetent.#brexitshambles#incompetence 
Guard on train coming into Newcastle said to have ‘all travel documents ready for inspection.’ Passports already? But it’s 11 months to Brexit 
Instead of working to undermine the UK’s negotiating team, MPs should focus on getting the best Brexit deal for Britain. They must respect the votes of 17.4 million people, rather than seek to overturn them 
#brexit Today’s politicians pathetic all of them. No backbone all they do argue with each other everyday non stop. Theresa Maybe hopeless  Prime Minister. Jeremy Corbyn loves EU, hates EU, shake magic money tree  pays for everything. And old dinosaur Vince Cable Retire.  
Is Scotland isolated now Wales has accepted Brexit deal with Theresa May? Maybe. But we r where we always are within the Celtic sisterhood – leading from the front. Question is will @scottishlabour continue to support @scotgov stand? @ScotNational column. 
"#Kurdistan and #Catalonia: Direct democracy by way of referendum is best guarantee of a correlation between the wishes of the people and the policies that affect them." via @Alfreddezayas via @AlfreddeZayas 
Completely agree. We need ID cards. Classic cheap David Davis populism they were scrapped. Lots on this in my anti-Brexit book out 1 June  
Government Petition to hold a referendum to abolish the House of Lords has jumped from 10,000 to over 120,000 in just eight days. Still waiting for a response from Government.  
Given #Brexit, an association agreement between the UK and the EU is in everyone’s mutual interest #FutureofEurope  
The U.K. government paid private sector consultants £680,000 to help design a #Brexit customs arrangement — only for the EU to dismiss it almost as soon as it landed in Brussels. 
Please be careful about what you read and share regarding Repeal in the coming weeks. Ireland, you are being deliberately targeted by alt -right false stories in an effort to swing the vote. Remember, these are the same people who brought us Brexit and Donald Trump.#Vigilant 
Brexit isn’t even working for racists – so why can no one stop it?  
Very competent article by @Steven_Swinford (with embedded video) on the impending multidimensional Brexit checkmate that is the Irish border.The one get-out from the checkmate, of course, is time. But our clever government have currently blocked that. 
When finally May's treachery has been overturned and Britain is forging ahead (as it will) after brexit, every step should be taken to ensure those who promised our ruination if we left the EU never again find work in the civil service or government. 
WATCH: our Deputy Director @f_grovewhite calls for the terms of the final Brexit deal to be put to a #PeoplesVote, rather than in the hands of Westminster Ministers & MPs. Please RT: 
DUP has warned it will vote against the Government if Northern Ireland is forced to stay in the single market or customs union after Brexit  
Today I asked the government when they will legislate on their many promises on the environment. So far not one piece of primary legislation has been introduced by Gove since the general election. We’ve only had sound bites and consultations. Less than one year till Brexit. pic.twitter.com/19YIuPO4CB 
Today's Western Mail front page "The Labour party that is running Wales has got one job and that is to defend Wales and the Welsh constitution. They are not fit to the be the government of Wales" @JonathanPlaid on Welsh Labour govt. handing Welsh powers to Westminster post Brexit  
“#Brexit polarises simple and complex apprehensions of #politics,” Professor @ChrisGreyBrexit explains in an exclusive piece for our magazine today. #MustRead #ThursdayThoughts #FBPE #FinalSay #PeoplesVote #Experts #Brexiteers 
Theresa May’s big problem with Brexit is that she was Remain, she knows Remain is better than anything she is negotiating, & she is too honest to say otherwise. This is why she will lose the #peoplesvote when it comes 
What happens when 45 million black Americans come to realize white liberals have been lying to them for 50+ years?  @realDonaldTrump has created the greatest opportunity for them since Lincoln.  It is the plantation blacks vs the free blacks. Their own brexit vs remain. #maga 
EU's direction of travel for UK financial services after Brexit not going down well in City. It's a "sub optimal game where it would have been better to stay in [EU] in the first place" says Paul Richards, head of regulatory policy Capital Markets Assoc 
'Nicola Sturgeon has been decisive on Brexit. The only problem is that most of her decisions have been the wrong ones.'  
With one week to go til #LE2018, I ask you to consider putting party politics to one side and consider tactical voting to send a message to the main parties.I know this will be hard for some but Brexit is the most important issue and we must be heard.#ABTV to #StopBrexit 
Gove talks about farmers being thrown "under the bus" regarding Brexit. Would that be this bus?  
Gove talking about farmers being thrown "under the bus" reagrding Brexit ....... Problem is he is driving the bus#defra #commons 
This is so #Brexit: if UK leaves the #EU, will not be able to take part fully in #Galileo satellite programme. Never mind, says UK, we'll build a similar satellite to support sat navs = reinventing the wheel & spending unnecessary millions. No launch system yet, mind you. 
Please do not vote for any Brexit party.  Thank you.  #StopBrexit #ABTV #FBPE 
Tory record:-Abuse & deportation of Windrush generation -40-60% cuts to council budgets-Wage decrease by 15% since 2010-Brexit incompetence...2 years & counting-£2 Trillion debt-1,000 Sure Start centres shut-Youth centres shut-21,500 less police#VoteLabourMay3rd 
Honestly, very hard to suppress a giggle at @mikegalsworthy’s ‘Lords preserving British democracy’, but it’s the truth, and proof of the craziness of #Brexit.We’re doing our best to hold the fort as the people/MP cavalry ride to the rescue  
We partnered w/ @Icbinotbutter & made this Devil’s Food Bundt Cake w/ whipped cream + berries! We used I Can’t Believe It’s Not Butter! in our batter because it has 60 calories and 70% less saturated fan than butter. #ad #SpreadNoDrama  
Dear Labour Remainers - the Labour leadership listens to Labour leavers because it fears they will take their votes elsewhere. What will you do to make the leadership listen to you? May 3 is approaching fast. #StopBrexit #Brexit #PCPEU 
Nigel Farage says he will leave Britain if Brexit is a disaster.Far from being a patriot, Farage would be the first rat to flee the sinking ship, deserting the people he claims to care for. A con-man and a fraud.#StopBrexit #VoteEU#Brexit #ABTV 
Over 120,000 signatures now.11th highest most supported Petition. Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  
If analysts who criticise colleagues for operating inside Remain echo chambers would step outside the UK media space to pay attention to what is being said in other European countries they would be a lot less surprised every time the EU refuses to budge over Brexit 
Good meeting with PM @BoykoBorissov in Sofia today, midway through dynamic Bulgarian Presidency @EU2018BGImportant #Brexit progress in March to secure citizens' rights. But much remains to be done to finalise withdrawal agreement.  
May has showdown with Brexit supporters who insist she sticks to her plan for a clean customs break, while urging her to drop the much-criticised customs partnership proposal  
"The European Union produced laws in a form of gobbledygook, of stentorian sesquipedalian sentences that nobody can ever understand."#Brexit #Moggmentum 
The debate in the House of Commons on a customs union with the EU after brexit is expected to start at around 13:45 today.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
#Brexit is hurting our NHS. It’s much more costly, complicated & time consuming than people were told so let’s have a Public Vote on the Deal #PeoplesVote 
Brexit means Brexit.  
May puts Tories before national interest on Brexit, says Starmer  
ABSURD: House of Lords vote to interfere on Brexit yet again, want to limit powers for Ministers. This is now beyond farcical. Scrap the Lords.  
Thank heavens we do have a "House OF Lords" !!..They are protecting us from a Tory dictatorship attempt from May and the very devious Tories !!...They and their disastrous Brexit MUST be stopped before it is too late !!#FBPE #StopBrexit #StopTories #ABTV 
I sense the widespread delight that Johnson says he'll resign over customs union & Rees-Mogg says he'll flee the UK if Tories abandon #Brexit It's therefore a crying shame that we've learnt that leading Brexiters don't keep their promises! 
Exclusive: The EU is 'deeply concerned' about Liam Fox's 'incompetent' handling of Brexit - Imagine how the British people feel!  
The Lords have sent a clear message to the Commons: leaving the EU shouldn’t mean leaving rights behind. #Brexit #EUWithdrawalBill  
If you're voting for LibDems because of brexit. You're enabling the Tories = Hard brexit. 
DUP threatens to bring down Theresa May's Government if she crosses Customs Union red line | May urged to ditch 'cretinous' customs partnership proposal | Brexit war cabinet gives green light to 50-page dossier of trade demands to outmanoeuvre Brussels  
Who thought it was a good idea to appoint disgraced former Defence Secretary Liam Fox as International Trade Secretary?He was a liability in his former role & he's even more of one now.#Brexit 
Thread. #Brexit is not going to deliver for the NHS as promised. Now everyone can see that, it’s time for a #PeoplesVote to give the people the #FinalSay on whether or not we go ahead with it. 
As #brexit secretary @DavidDavisMP said recently “I simply listened to the facts, and as the facts changed I changed my mind!” Well the facts of #brexit have and are changing & the UK is looking at them changing its mind!#remainernow #peoplesvote 
Ministers must urgently start setting up new customs processes now to ensure the UK is prepared regardless of the final outcome of the Brexit talks, says @MissVHewson 
In this week's issue of The New European @campbellclaret puts Brexit on trial and explains why the People's Vote must happen.  
Nicola Sturgeon's high stakes Brexit game isn't actually about gaining powers for Holyrood - she would happily trade them back to Brussels if Scotland gained independence, says Brian Monteith @TheBluetrot 
Every day sees another Brexit promise crumble away. That's why we need a #PeoplesVote on the terms of any Brexit deal. Please RT:   
This slide (from @timeshighered #ResearchEx Summit) maps the research publication networks across Europe. For me, it shows how utterly stupid & self-destructive #Brexit will be. #BrexitShambles 
Wow the quality of that customs union debate on @BBCr4today was astonishingly poor. Neither of the guests seemed to know what a customs union is. That show has a serious, serious Brexit problem. 
That’s easy. Because owls are intelligent creatures that play an important and positive role in the British environment.#Brexit is a nostalgic, nationalistic construct of the extreme right and left that will damage our country for a generation.More easy hits please Chopper ! 
Wow pro #Brexit voice on #r4today saying Uk can be ‘a free spirit’ and won’t need to have checks w/EU but still ‘do deals around the world’. Magical thinking doesn’t even begin 
#EU officials say @theresa_may must choose to leave Northern Ireland permanently aligned with the EU, or keep the whole of the #UK in a customs union. They think they will be able to undermine #Brexit and the UK by this fiction. The PM must take control of the story board. 
Make Labour put the country first, Kier. Stop Brexit.  
There must be no say by the EU over our affairs after Brexit. Both the Conservative government and the Labour opposition are spineless.British sovereignty is not negotiable.   
I see the Daily Mail, having raged for Brexit, is now up in arms because UK citizens will need a visa to visit the EU and there’s a fee. (Like there is for every other country we need a visa for) #sigh 
All of the standard Brexit mistakes here: incompetents in charge, aversion to detail, refusal to engage with critics, and then a final humiliating appeal to Brussels  
The First Minister isn't isolated on Brexit deal – Scotland has her back  #Referendum2018 #IStandWithNicola 
At the beginning of 2016 UK has the fastest growing economy in the G7 group. Since the Referendum it is now the slowest. #economy #growth #FBPE #UKBiz #FinalSay #ABTV 
People have questioned what I do on twitter and told me that a hashtag won't #StopBrexit.Doh! I know that! Brexit will stop Brexit because it's a stupid idea but if you and I had been  silent, the stupidity would have been allowed to happen.Thank you for saying NO. 
NEW: UK government paid consultants £680K for Brexit customs plan“The Government should stop wasting time and money, and finally accept a customs union is the only viable option to ensure continued frictionless trade with the EU,“ @JennyChapman 
Letter in today’s Ham&High clarifies difference in Labour and LibDem positions on Brexit. The truth will always out. @CamdenLibDems @FlickRea @FG_Tracey 
Leftie Remainer @redhistorian has written a book about the 1975 Brexit referendum. And it’s bloody good. My @spectator review. 
Brexit is pushing talk of a united Ireland back on the agenda  
Disgraceful that last year, @philiphammonduk set up a £60 billion 'Brexit Resilience Fund' when there is a lack of cash for our #NHS, police, schools. The Conservatives must put national interest over internal party politics for once, #Brexit is damaging our economy. 
Brexit is now NOT the will of the people, yet the Tory gov't are determined to steamroll through on a snapshot opinion poll based on misinformation and lies. #FinalSay 
A major drive is underway to ensure voters are registered ahead of the referendum on the Eighth Amendment, with May 8 the final day people can be added to the supplemental register in time to vote on May 25. #register4yes 
The #GoodFridayAgreement must not be put at risk by #Brexit. People should've been warned about the implications for the #IrishBorder BEFORE the referendum, & now it's becoming clearer, they should get the chance to make an informed choice #PeoplesVote 
VIDEO: “We do not believe we require any infrastructure between Northern Ireland and Ireland under any circumstances.” - the excellent head of HMRC.  Read our latest #Brexit "Letter to Remain Voters" and watch the video here:  
Cillian Murphy and Blindboy Boatclub of @Rubberbandits urge Irish men to take an active role in the abortion referendum next month  
Brexit means Brexit , strong & stable , a deep and special relationship with the EU & so it goes on ..  
Last year 4K EU nurses left and only 800 arrived. Brexit is hurting our #NHS. Watch the video here:  
Government paid McKinsey (consultants) £680K for #Brexit customs plan that was rejected by EU. Last year David Davis's dept @dexeugov paid McKinsey £1.9m for six-month Brexit-related contract. See a pattern?If we ask questions, they call us traitors. 
Tonight at LSE from 6.30-8 pm, @TonyBarber8, @simonjhix ,@sarahobolt & I will discuss how Brexit and the rise of Euroscepticism on the continent may shape the contours of the European project in the coming years.  Do join us if you are around! 
UK government paid consultants £680K for Brexit customs plan  
Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  
Millions of BBC Breakfast viewers have just been fed misinformation thanks to an incompetent , over casual interviewer who clearly did not know what she was talking about. No balancing view from a pro Brexit interviewee. Terrible left wing, anti-Brexit biased news reporting. 
Perhaps the worst BBC Brexit interview I have ever seen.Naga Munchetty nods as Keir Starmer explanins to her that we can still do free trade deals if we are in a customs union. He smiles as she fails to point out that this only applies to the EU and not the rest of the world. 
The First Minister isn't isolated on Brexit deal – Scotland has her back | @ScotNational  #scotref 
Nissan, Vauxhall, Jaguar and now Rolls Royce - all cutting jobs and investment in the UK. The UK is seriously in a mess. When will our Govt stop deluding itself that Brexit will be alright on the night? Don’t Brexit. Fix it. #PeoplesVote #FBPE 
Nottingham voted #leave 51% to 49% but its #remainernow This poll states that 1 in 11 Notts leave voters have changed their minds on #Brexit & with just 35% thinking the UK will be better off outside EU (52% think the reverse)We must have a #peoplesvote 
May puts Tories before national interest on Brexit, says Starmer  
Theresa May had a secret Brexit showdown with Tories who want clean break  
On way to Newcastle to speak at business leaders lunch.  My message: speak out if you don’t want Brexit! Don’t leave it to someone else 
‘AMERICANS ARE USING FACEBOOK TO MEDDLE IN IRELAND’S ABORTION REFERENDUM’ 1/2 
Fine thread. BBC is letting down the UK. Insufficient technical knowledge of #Brexit related matters coupled with inability/unwillingness to challenge influential figures putting faulty/false arguments. It’s not an argument about bias it’s one about quality. @BBCr4today @BBCNews 
Recently on a panel debate, I cited the decline in EU nurse applications as a huge threat to #OurNHS. The panelist from the TPA dismissed my argument saying the decline was due to English language requirement tests  So why then are our existing nurses leaving in droves? #brexit  
Good article on why a referendum on the Final Deal is likely to produce a huge majority for remaining in the EU: “The Global Future poll shows that most Leave voters, and certainly most voters, do not want any #Brexit deal that is actually possible.”  
British travellers to Europe will need to pay a €7 “travel authorisation fee” after Brexit - for each person. Stick that on the side of a bus #BrexitShambles #StopBrexit 
Half a million! Half a million businesses hurt by #Brexit When will businesses realise that if they don't speak out things can only get worse @Labour4EU @EK_EuropeanMove 
We support all initiatives by H.E. Raila Amolo Odinga to foster inclusivity and cohesion in this great nation. If this includes a referendum for and by the people of Kenya, so be it. Gibiro ngeyo ni gikiya.  
Downing Street warned about Brexit border plan by head of Northern Ireland civil service, leaked letter reveals  
So, another substantive disparity between Irish & British passport holders in N.Ireland arising from #Brexit...  
Lord Lisvane: “Whichever side of the Brexit debate they stand, people might reasonably believe that taking back control would be under the sovereignty of parliament rather than ceding swaths of power to the executive.”#PeoplesVote 
May loses Lords vote on post-Brexit powers for ministers. Peers rip up ‘blank chequebook ministers that sought to give themselves’, inflicting heavy defeat  
CBI director Fairbairn: “Don’t throw away a generation of progress in Northern Ireland on the back of Brexit. “The CBI have said that a customs union with the EU will keep the Border open and allow NI to continue to prosper. “This is not a dogmatic view but a pragmatic one. 
THE GOOD SHIP BREXIT STILL SLOWING DOWN - The number of UK firms in financial distress has rocketed by a third from the same time last year, research out today has shown."Like a cruise ship or an oil-tanker, economies take time to change course. 
Brexit: MPs to debate decision to leave EU customs union  
Brexit: In 2002, David Davis spoke in the Commons about why he didn’t think referendums were necessarily a good idea. “We should not ask people to vote on a blank sheet of paper and tell them to trust us to fill in the details,” he warned! 
Let’s somehow not mention that the Labour Party is supporting a policy that 70%+ of its supporters actually despise. Reverse support for Brexit or prepare for serious losses on May 3rd  
A GOP-led effort to move a referendum on making Missouri a “right to work” state is advancing in the Legislature. @MOAFLCIO 
And there you have it."UK ministers say that some areas are so important that in the first few years after Brexit, they can't afford splits in that "internal market" over things like food standards"Now shut up, and eat your chlorinated chicken!#ScotRef 
If 3 yrs ago I'd predicted Trump, Brexit, Windrush, nationalism etc, I'd have been understandably called a madman.Yet here we are.May 3rd is last chance to make a protest vote. Vote pro- EU. @TheGreenParty @LibDems#StopBrexit #A50Challenge #ToriesOut #ABTV #FBPE #WATON 
Britain pumps cash into artificial intelligence before BrexitRead more here: #ArtificialIntelligence #AI #DataScience #MachineLearning #BigData #DeepLearning #NLP #Robots #IoT 
We will bring down the government – DUP warns May over Brexit red lines  
Mr. President, are you concerned about the impact that Brexit might have on the Good Friday Agreement and do you believe a hard border would undermine the peace process? 
This is Brexit. I will not support any party that supports Brexit. That is why I will not be voting for Corbyn or May on 3rd May.  
Global Britain exists right now. Brexit will massively undermine it. Years of effort and expense devoted to a futile attempt to get back to where we are now.  
American anti-abortion activists are using Facebook advertising to meddle in Ireland’s abortion referendum.It's not just Russia. And it's not just elections. At some point you gotta wonder: can technology bring us too close? via @vicenews 
#JacobReesMogg: “I think their lordships are playing with fire and it would be a shame to burn down a historic house,” says the #Brexit hero.   #HouseofLords @UKHouseofLords #BBC #SKY @LBC #LBC @ConHome #ConservativeParty @CCHQPress @UKLabour #Tory 
We'll never see anything like this from .@theresa_may because she has no vision or ambition, only #Brexit, which diminishes us economically and diplomatically. Plus, she's got a cruddy Cabinet that's got about as much imagination as roadkill.#EnMarche #ViveLaFrance 
If "Scottish Questions" was played at 8pm on BBC1 Scotland instead of being buried in the graveyard of late night TV or on the net, we wouldn't need a referendum to get shot of WM. What an absolute joke it is. How did our forefathers let this come to pass?All this must end. 
Another day when media fails to report #BrexitShambles re Davis before Select Committee.  Brexit team needed people with experience & talent. Only solution now - will-of-the-people expressed through a People's Vote on the real options  via @financialtimes 
Some #WednesdayWisdom from #TonyBenn the Father of BREXIT & one of the greatest #Labour #politicians of all time. He'd be disgusted at what his party is doing today. They want to ignore the will of the people & deliver #Brexit in name only! @UKLabour #LabourParty #BBC #SKY #LBC 
Has everything been said about Trump and Brexit? We asked Helen Horst to tell us something we didn't know. Here's the top of her report for @DANTEmag - in larger @WHSmith, @Selfridges, independent newsagents .. or subscribe to print via  
.@Plaid_Cymru Leader @LeanneWood delivers powerful speech criticising Welsh Labour Govt for "selling our parliament and democracy to Westminster" giving up of Welsh powers to Westminster post #Brexit.   
After reading this  do you really think Westminster will "allow" us to have another independence referendum? They've basically written into law that no matter if we agree or not, they'll do whatever they want. #IDoNotConsent 
BREXIT BOMBSHELL: Britons could be forced to pay €7 for European visa after EU split. Works both Ways!  
Joan Burton could have got a referendum to repeal the 8th when she was in power, she didnt. She could have stopped direct provision, she didnt. She could have banned Jobsbridge, she didnt. She is one of Ireland's most evil politicians  #Tonighttv3 
I think the UK needs to rediscover it’s real Brexit options through a people’s vote on the terms of Brexit vs EU membership.And Dave can keep his democratic mojo very strictly to himself.  
The fact that only 80 people are accepted into veterinary medicine in Ireland each year forcing the rest of us to seek education abroad is a flaw in itself let alone the fact that we don’t fall under a postal vote and therefore are unable to vote in the referendum is beyond me 
“You would have expected public opinion to rally behind the result of the referendum we had two years ago – that’s clearly not happening.” Why a #PeoplesVote is vital and, according to @RCorbettMEP, probable if MPs vote down Theresa May's deal 
I’m Irish hence a European, I think the #Brexit outcome was on a par with an #Turkey4Xmas referendum. The UK superiority complex and small mindedness has always put it at odds with the EU. Unless there’s a massive attitude change the EU will be better off without the UK. 
Americans are using Facebook to meddle in Ireland’s abortion referendum  
Excl: Cabinet agrees May’s risky plan to publish long Brexit trade deal wish list in a bid to outmanoeuvre Brussels;  
May loses Lords vote on post-Brexit powers for ministersI know I've said this before today but it does make me smile: Lords 6, Government 0 
The DUP would rather build a bridge from NI to Scotland than build a bridge with their neighbours at home. Says it all #Reconciliation #Brexit 
If you haven’t already, there is only 12 days to register to vote for the referendum in May!! 
May I correct you?We think your government, Leave voters who still want to leave and some red Tories aka "Labories" are utterly mad.The rest of UK is absolutely normal....And has our full support in fighting this madness called Brexit. 
.Really, Keir? Really? You think so?So WHY is the Labour Party doing their bidding?WHY is Labour supporting Brexit?WHY is Labour working AGAINST the national interest?. 
As one distinguished lawyer explained to me, the British political establishment would never allow #Brexit to happen as this would reveal the massive corruption that had been going on using the EU and its directives and rulings as cover. Not a chance of it happening, he said. 
If we vote for multiple pro-EU parties we’re stuffed. There’s only one option for those who oppose Brexit: @LibDems 
Demand a peoples vote on the result of the Brexit negotiation to stop 1000's of EU workers in the UK finding themselves in the terrible situation the #Windrushgeneration are facing. 
May puts Tories before national interest on Brexit, says Starmer  
I have been in Germany for 3 days.  Many meetings.  Every German I have met at some point says "...err...so Brexit, what do you think?".  I say "an unparalleled act of stupidity" and the floodgates open.  Europeans think we are utterly mad.  And they are right. 
Stories built using our work today in Vice, Politico & Open Democracy - anyone who thought they could misuse social media in this referendum & get away with it was mistaken. Now for changes to our laws so it’s not just unacceptable but illegal.  
.When your OWN people tell you....."The head of Northern Ireland’s civil service has privately warned Downing Street that the UK’s plan for the Irish border FAILS to solve the major problems caused by Brexit.". 
If this poll does show that I can only agree: it’s a wake-up call ... A wake-up call for @UKLabour to let it know that enabling the Tories to push through Brexit—which, by default and under Labour too, will deliver a future only for the few—is not the right policy to pursue.  
It appears our MPs haven't understood that we voted to leave the EU, which means leaving its core institutions: its single market, and especially customs union.Let's send them a reminder shall we?#Brexit#NoCustomsUnion 
At #PMQ asked @theresa_may about EU nationals after #Brexit. If @ukhomeoffice cant handle 50,000 residents' status properly, how about 3 million registrations. Under #DataProtection Bill powers to hide mistakes by blocking access to files. #ExitFromBrexit 
In last year Just 805 nurses.midwives from EEA came to work in UK - lowest figure on record.. Over same period 3,962 nurses/midwives from EEA left the UK - 3 times more than 2013-4. Almost half of those interviewed cited Brexit as a factor - yet Brexiteers continue to deny issue 
all the chatter about politicians and data reminds me alex salmond thought he’d won the referendum because secret canadians told him so.  
Yesterday @daviddavismp claimed the Treasury’s own studies, showing the UK will be worse off under every Brexit outcome, were “wrong”, saying: “The best modelling in the world is wrong.” He really is a fool#peoplesvote 
Downing Street warned about Brexit border plan by head of Northern Ireland civil service, leaked letter reveals  
honestly embarrassed for you if you haven’t taken time to register to vote or educate yourself enough to make and informed decision in the upcoming referendum, every vote matters!!! 
Brexit stands to decimate our car industry. Brexit wrecks everything. Don’t allow it to happen. #FBPE 
The worst enemies of the Remain movement now are the ‘pop up’ Remain parties who will divide the anti Brexit vote.  
Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of LordsAlmost 120,000Keep sharing   
Theresa May has suffered a sixth defeat in a week in the House of Lords, as her ministers try to pass her key piece of Brexit legislation  
Apparently @Jacob_Rees_Mogg will flee the country if his nasty party don’t deliver on #Brexit. He would potentially flee using the benefits of his freedom of movement to another #EU country whilst having a hissy fit for not leaving and losing them. #ToryLogic 
This is massive ! Theresa : Your BREXIT mandate is toast. People are realising what an error BREXIT really is..  
I have called out anti-Scottish-independence bias by BBC at time of referendum and since. I am a Labour supporter in London.  
I voted Leave with the best of intentions for the future of this country, but Brexit is unfolding as a national tragedy. It’s increasingly clear that the benefits of EU membership are real, whilst the benefits of Brexit pedalled by the Leave campaign are illusory. #RemainerNow 
Do YOU come with Brexit?  
We will bring down the government – DUP warns May over Brexit red lines — RT UK News  
"Catherine Bearder, a Liberal Democrat MEP said: “The fact that Brits will now have to pay to visit the EU was never on the ballot paper in the referendum." How big does this silly bitch think a ballot paper is? We never said we'd charge EU citizens to come here. So now we will. 
Our amazing team of MEPs bringing the #Órfhlaith4MP campaign to the European Parliament Sinn Féin is an all Ireland team and a strong voice for Ireland against brexit Vote Sinn Féin on the 3rd May   
Tories & Labour won't listen to our words. So let's make them listen to our votes. Vote for pro-EU parties on May 3.Please spread the message as far and wide and as fast as you can.#StopBrexit #VoteEU.#Brexit #ABTV 
Top euro-trolling.Joking aside, I am really annoyed that I will have to pay €7 euro just to set foot in most of Europe, but I comfort myself with the knowledge that I wasn’t gullible enough to vote for Brexit.  
Oh look, the Brexit effect- EasyJet reregistering their aircraft, ready for the big Brexit cast-off  
Gotta love the House of Lords for giving Theresa May a massive 2 finger salute. #Brexit 
I am going to open a bank account cos you’re all going to be paying £7/€10 to cross me. I’m charging for tweets post-Brexit too. And I might as well charge the petty wee failed fascists for advice on punctuation   
1/ Britain’s Conservative Party is so fucked. So, so fucked. If you don’t think that matters to you, read this thread and understand why it’s so critical to global geopolitics that left-liberals took over and RETAIN control of the party, even post Brexit... 
Proper Brexit football  #efl #dcfc #ccfc 
Iain Howell is standing in the local council elections - Chiswick Homefields Ward. Vote for Iain if you wish to renew your local community & send a message to local Government that #Brexit must be stopped! #LocalElections #RenewLocals #Chiswick #ChiswickHomefields #FBPE 
Whether we like it or not, in England we’ve a choice of three main parties. If you hate Brexit, you’ve one practical option: @LibDems. 
DUP threatens to bring down Theresa May's Government if she climbs down over Brexit 
Brexit: May loses Lords vote on Henry VIII powers for ministers.Peers rip up ‘blank chequebook that ministers sought to give themselves’, inflicting heavy defeat.Good to see the Lords standing up for the people. Next, hold a #PeoplesVote to #StopBrexit  
BREXIT THREAT: Verhofstadt ready to SCUPPER Brexit even with exit '80 percent agreed'  
Keep the #WindrushGeneration Deport:Theresa May Katie Hopkins UKIP Tommy Robinson Boris Johnson Jacob Rees-Mogg BBC editorial policy Paul Dacre Jeremy Hunt The Murdoch Press Brexit Fuck it, the rest of the Tories Make Britain Great Again! 
But put it this way. I tended to think a comprehensive devo deal on Brexit should be doable. But today? This looks much more likely  
This is outrageous - a true “must watch”!Nobody can legitimately claim Brexit to be the Will of the People™ at this point.#StopBrexit 
Brexit: Britons set to be charged €7 fee to visit EU countries.UK citizens could be hit by the new fee and forms following withdrawal from bloc.So much for seamless travel - Brexit will cost us all money and time. Hold a #PeoplesVote to #StopBrexit.  
'It was STUPID!' Iain Duncan Smith tears apart Peers vote against Brexit withdrawal bill  
70% of people voted Brexit due to immigration. Now this government is opening up the flood gates even more 
We don't do high crime levels, Labour Controlled Councils or MP's .. We do smooth roads, clean beaches, blue waters, picturesque villages, leafy lanes, sunny days and 56.5% #Brexit   
Poll: Do you Theresa May will deliver Brexit? Vote and retweet for a big sample please 
Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords . Lords are very much out of touch. 
I didn’t say that AT ALL. Said we can’t rely on just ‘the few’ being numerate & forget everyone else. We all deal with stats/numerically displayed info every day which can have big consequences (eg Brexit) & there are those who seek to take advantage of maths intimidation/apathy.  
Top Brexit civil servant warned May's Irish border plan was flawed nine months ago, leaked letter reveals  
Alexander Johnson is DESPERATE to jump off this sinking ship. He's no hard brexit man, never was. It's all an act. If he can jump ship, he can pretend it would have been utopia if his brexit had been delivered. He wants 2 wash the stench of brexit failure off him. 
May loses Lords vote on post-Brexit powers for ministers  
Another fantastic victory against Theresa May's damaging Brexit policy - this time her wish to turn herself into a Tudor monarch with Henry VIII powers. This was an insult to our Parliamentary democracy.   
Well of course, Nigel. You yourself admitted that we could control immigration as EU members. So clearly Brexit wasn't the answer, my dear.  
Visiting the various @esa locations makes me realise how amazing the collaborative atmosphere is in Europe. It's sad that we'll lose that in the UK with Brexit. ESA really sums up the spirit of science for me. #Sentinel3 #Brexit 
There are several options open if MPs don’t like #TheresaMay ‘s #Brexit deal - but some are more open than others... @InFactsOrg 
.@SimonHarrisTD says many of the people now calling for a "debate" with him "didn't even want to allow the people to have a referendum in the first place." He says while Love Both were having a press conference, 9 women were travelling and 3 were taking abortion pills 
Farage & many Tory Brexiters were clear that they would demand a 2nd referendum, a straight replay, not a #FinalSay, in the case of a #Remain victory. They weren't going to 'respect' the result. #StopBrexit #VoteEU#Brexit #ABTV 
Labour has damaged itself by supporting Brexit. No Remainer can vote Labour even if they wanted to. #stopbrexit #ABTV 
Lady Noakes, Deputy Chair of Ofcom which regulates the BBC, again voted with the Govt today on Brexit Bill - her 6th pro-Govt vote in a row. Deeply compromising ‘independence’ of @Ofcom. It increasingly looks like an extension of No 10 
black twitter had a brexit type event niggas all divided from a monolith into gif twitter gay black twitter niggas aint shit twitter 200 dollar first date twitter all kinda lil stupid ass sects and subdivisions 
Strongest argument I’ve yet seen for abandoning Brexit.  
Here’s Harris, he voted #leave but changed his mind on #Brexit soon after #Euref when he saw the racism & xenophobia the vote unleashed. He’s a #RemainerNow@harrismcannery1 thanks for speaking out & I see you’ve already written to your Tory MP but how about your local paper? 
Brexit idea: Instead of faffing about with Euro-made blue passports why don’t we go full ‘good old days’ by making them absolutely massive & require nine million signatures per trip(part of an C18th passport & travel docs for a trip to Venice, 1818)  
Actually, what difference it makes if criminal orders are issued by a dictator or by a judge in a democracy? If the Holocaust was decided by a referendum would it made it less evil? 
Post Brexit, UK citizens will need an ETIAS for travel to a Schengen zone country (like US ESTA). In other words, European holidays and business trips will be more expensive 
For every 3 people happy with the progress of the Brexit talks, there are 10 people unhappy. No wonder the appetite for a #PeoplesVote on the deal keeps growing, the Brexit that people would get is not what they were promised. 
."Many firms, around one in every five, said they have ALREADY suffered a drop in turnover because of Brexit &uffered half of businesses in the North have seen costs rise.". 
For those interested, I have a juicy Brexit story coming your way tomorrow morning 
This is a superb article from @RCorbettMEP on the growing demand for a #peoplesvote on terms of #Brexit!It’s great that he refers to the group of #remainernow he met yesterday who “regret it & are demanding the right of people to reconsider” in support! 
Labour's Baroness Kennedy QC says there's "very real concern" over what the hostile environment policy implies for people's movement between Ireland and N Ireland after Brexit 
Our editor @FelixMilbank went along to last nights lecture by @WalesForEurope. Guest speaker @thatginamiller spoke about the possibility of a #PeoplesVote on the terms of Brexit. Here's what she had to say.  
... "Britain’s border is now the frontline of Brexit, the principal battleground at Westminster as the endgame begins." ...#FBPE 
Some how, giving evidence to #DExEU committee is not the top priority in his day for Chief Negotiator of Brexit for the UK.Anybody? @CNNPolitics @guardian @elpaisinenglish @mediawhizz @Suewilson91 @GuitarMoog @LeedsEurope 
It’s really just irresponsible to have a headline like this — can so easily be read as “punishment” for Brexit. It’s not! Long-planned policy that, yes, obviously will have an impact because that’s what leaving a membership community means. But... Shame as article itself clear.  
#latestvegannews #vegan UK Government Set To Ban Live Export Of Animals For Slaughter After Brexit  
Listen to my PODCAST with @jongaunt discussing #AlfieEvans, Brexit, illegal immigration, and Syria  
The price of butter has risen globally. It was $2700/MT in May 2016. It is $5700/MT today. Nothing to do with BrExit.  
Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  Now at 118,000+ and still rising. Its time to abolish the Unelected Lords who no longer represent our UK and the democratic vote of the people to leave the undemocratic EU. 
Citizens living here from the rest of the #EU and #EEA give much more to Britain than they take. They are a boon, not a burden, and we’d be poorer without them. Please RT @Jon_Danzig’s full report. Link:  Because #Brexit makes us poorer.  
Cornwall voted leave 65% to 35% but now the Cornish have looked at the facts & have changed their minds on #brexit.Over 50% think UK will be worse off IF #brexit happens & double the % of leave voters are #Remainernow than the other way!#peoplesvote ? 
77% of Labour voters want a referendum on the exit terms, while 68% said they would vote to Remain.  
Brexit: Britons set to be charged €7 fee to visit EU countries under new Brussels plans - The Independent  
Our excellent aerospace industry that thrives thanks to European collaboration and will move to the continent in order to survive Brexit? That excellent aerospace industry?  
Government defeated 349-221 in key Brexit vote in the House of Lords. Read more ↓ 
Indeed. The two tier system at its best. Working for the people. With integrity. And providing MUCH NEEDED parliamentary scrutiny in the face of an utter lack of official opposition to Brexit. Well said Mike. #ABTV #PeoplesVOTE #fairvote. #ThankTheLords  
For the first time since devolution, the Westminster Govt has succeeded in clawing back powers from Wales and it's all thanks to the Labour party in Wales. #Brexit #EUWithdrawalBill 
"When he sells this parliament and my country's democracy to Westminster, he can excuse my lack of conciliatory tone" Welsh Labour government left speechless as leader @LeanneWood delivers powerful and passionate reprimand at giving up of Welsh powers to Westminster post #Brexit.  
 Fascinating and, sometimes, frightening "Impact of #Brexit on #tourism" public hearing today. Rewatch: Did you know EU tourism (inbound and outbound) is worth more than £29bn to UK economy? Single Market is key to protecting the industry. 
Macron sums up the madness of #Brexit in a sentence.  
This was another reason the oireachtas committee on 8th amendment make its recommendations #repealth8th @Together4yes  we actually listened to the medical experts Obstetricians’ body recommends Yes vote in abortion referendum … 
If it boils down to the choice. Would it be brexit or indy?*only for residents of Scotland eligible to vote please. Thanks 
Huge surge in support for anti-Brexit campaigns as Jacob Rees-Mogg threatens to leave country -  via @newsthump 
David Davis says MPs can amend law to approve Brexit deal. Great. Let’s amend to have #PeoplesVote My latest 
AAA was lost before the referendum. & it was lost because of the profligacy of the last Labour government.  
Brexit is Britain’s relegation in the league of world powers.Macron’s speech to US Congress is very clear: France is the natural European partner for the US post-Brexit.Trump won’t be there forever, Brexit will. 
#HouseofLords votes 349 for, 221 against amendment on powers to amend retained EU law/make Brexit statutory instruments, so change to the #EUWithdrawalBill is made. Watch for more  
"Our leverage gone, leadership lost, parliament weakened. When he sells this parliament and my country's democracy to Westminster, he can excuse my lack of conciliatory tone." @LeanneWood to Mark Drakeford AM as devolved Welsh powers are sent to Westminster post-Brexit.  
BREAKING: @UKHouseofLords has dealt a huge blow to Henry VIII powers in the #WithdrawalBill. By a massive majority of 128, Peers voted to limit ministers' ability to amend EU law after #Brexit to when they can prove it is ‘necessary’ rather than ‘appropriate’. Fantastic result! 
#Referendum on actual #Brexit deal “possible” if MPs vote down #TheresaMay deal, #Labour’s  Brussels leader says: 
Excellent. Can we please charge EU citizens £14 to enter the UK post Brexit. “To improve security”…  
Govt defeat: Peers vote 349 to 221 for amendment meaning Henry VIII powers created in Brexit bill can only be used where "necessary" rather than where deemed "appropriate” by ministers 
City Hall is making it easier for EU citizens living in London to access online the information they need to stay in the UK after Brexit. Take a look at what we’ve got planned here:  
BREXIT BOMBSHELL: Britons could be forced to pay €7 for European visa after EU split  
Full-on love-in between Labour, Tories and UKIP going on in Assembly over #Brexit power grab. 
An expansive, ambitious, global speech from @EmmanuelMacron. He exploits the potential of bridging EU and US power, until recently the British preserve.Trump calls it a “special relationship” and congress are rapturous. Brexit is not empowering Britain, it’s marginalising us 
Farage Backs Rees-Mogg for Tory Leader and Brexit Prime Minister   
"Our leverage gone, leadership lost, parliament weakened. When he sells this parliament and my country's democracy to Westminster, he can excuse my lack of conciliatory tone." Our leader @LeanneWood schools Marks Drakeford on giving up Welsh powers to Westminster post #Brexit.  
Remember the old days of filling out travel cards en route to Spain? Well those times are back with Brexit and this time we’re paying for it.  
Watching Macron addressing the US Congress it is clear Britain has been relegated to the world second league by Brexit. The ‘special relationship’ is not so special anymore. 
Summing up Welsh Labour position on #Brexit power grab: If UK Government and Welsh Government can't agree, then UK will be the 'backstop' and should have the final say.I will always be of the view that Wales should have final say on issues relating to Wales. 
We have noticed a lot more trolls, and goblins and gremlins about in the last few days. Have you? It means they are beginning to realise that Brexit is not a done deal. Help show them how right they are. Support #A50Scotland here:  
David Davis admitted today that MPs can amend an upcoming law that will approve May's #Brexit  deal. If it isn’t up to snuff, they should make sure it goes to a people's vote. @hugodixon makes the case. 
Not one single job will be lost as a result of Brexit.Hmmm!   
Lofty, soaring speech from @EmmanuelMacron to Congress, with plenty of references to freedom and democracy. Let's hope the French President will accord the same respect to Brexit, which is all about sovereignty, freedom, self-determination and the democratic will of the people.  
This morning I was in an EU Parl Committee getting a Brexit update with Mr Verhofstadt. I was the only UK MEP who spoke up for Leave. The rest want to find a way of reversing Brexit. The battle for a real Exit from the EU is far from won. 
Highly informative on this very important issue (not, so far as I recall, even mentioned during the Referendum). Explains that problems of Galileo would largely be resolved were UK to stay in EEA, so another casualty not just of Brexit but of Govt's hardline approach to it.  
British accent on point in #brexit update episode up now new on #gettingcurious  
With one month to go until the Irish abortion referendum, the RCOG has published a position statement supporting the repeal of the Eighth Amendment   
Apparently there's some confusion about #ABTV anti-#Brexit tactical voting. So here's a simple guide.Do you want Brexit?Yes? Vote Labour or Tory.Want to #StopBrexit? Vote Green, LibDems, Renew or other pro-EU Independent candidate on May 3. That's right - NOT Tory or Labour! 
Some #WednesdayWisdom from Tony Benn - one of the greatest Labour politicians of all time. He'd be disgusted at what his party is doing today. They want to ignore the will of the people & deliver Brexit in name only!Support us at  
I often get asked by environmentalists why profitable #farming must be at the heart of a green #brexit? Here's my answer...  
The top Labour MEP said he had met with former supporters of Brexit who “regret it and are demanding the right of people to reconsider”, stating that “it is by no means certain … that the public would vote again for Brexit”.#RemainerNow#PeoplesVote 
Ohhhh seems a number of documents about Northern Ireland and Brexit have been leaked to a European Parl group  I haven’t gone through then yet but some interesting titles 
The run up to the referendum is really tough but one of the nice things about it is the feeling of solidarity with girls I went to school with as we all like each other's pro-choice statuses. Might not sit beside each other in CSPE anymore but I got you  
'Scottish' Tories (a registered party in England) are pissed at the Scottish Government for not agreeing to THEIR Brexit because they know the Continuity Bill will be judged to be within the competency of the ParliamentIt'll reinforce that the SNP are Stronger for Scotland 
The referendum on abortion is due to take place in Ireland a month today. We hear from women on the streets of Dublin about what's influencing their voting decision   
Wish I could set up auto-correct to always make the following changes:Correct "after Brexit" to "in the event of Brexit"Correct "when Brexit happens" to "if Brexit happens"Correct "2nd referendum" to "#PeoplesVote"Correct anything Davis says to "I resign" 
Farage is agitating for a full right-wing coup within the Tory Party.The only goal is to get to March 2019. Then they’ll unpick all that has been agreed.Sleepwalk into Brexit = Farage’s Hard Brexit.One Nation Tories will be history, Farage will join & try himself to lead.  
Catch yourself up & sort yourself out on #brexit w @maryohara1 , new episode up now #gettingcurious 
Rees-Mogg lying that leaving the EU means leaving the Single Market. Norway is in the SM not in the EU.The torrent of #LeaveLies has long since invalidated #Brexit as an exercise in democracy. There can be no democracy when voters are so systematically misinformed.#StopBrexit 
Brexit blamed as record number of EU nurses give up on Britain.UK said farewell to 4,000 nurses and midwives from European Economic Area in past year.Brexit is breaking our NHS. This isn’t what people voted for. Hold a #PeoplesVote to #StopBrexit. 
When Nicola Sturgeon's Brexit powers bid fails she basically places herself in the position of having to call for another referendum.Spicy! 
Boris Johnson says he's prepared to resign over customs union – and he may actually go through with it  / #Brexit  
Ealing Labour is calling for Parliament and the public to have the final say on ANY Brexit deal - Read more at:  #EUWithdrawalBill #FBPE #Brexit #EU #EalingHour (1/4) 
Second Brexit referendum possible if MPs vote down Theresa May's deal, Labour's Brussels leader @RCorbettMEP says 
We are now nearly two years past the Brexit referendum- the Brexiters have been in charge since and had 20 years beforehand to develop solutions to the problems posed by Brexit. They have failed to do so, and endlessly blame Remainers for their failure.  
Support for Leave at the EU Referendum:64.1% in Staffordshire62.2% in Essex61.9% on Isle of Wight61.2% in Kent59.5% in County Durham59.2% in Herefordshire59.1% in Derbyshire59.1% in Northamptonshire59.0% in Lancashire59.0% in Shropshire58.6% in West Midlands 
We're entering a curious phase in this Brexit Bill debate. Not least because I'm not sure Scottish Labour had a clear idea why they supported the Scottish Continuity Bill, or have a clear notion of what an acceptable UK Bill looks like. 
Hugely worrying tread. Pls RT         So the NI border will be solved with IT? They’ve not even started that one yet. #Brexit is madness it can and must be stopped. #StopBrexit #costofbrexit @guyverhofstadt 
My @TheNewEuropean this week is on the Lords doing its job on Brexit & not kow-towing to Rees-Mogg 
‘Most Leave voters and certainly most voters do not want any Brexit deal that is actually possible.’ Superb from @sjwrenlewis on the impossibility of delivering on the Brexit promises and the need for a #PeoplesVote on the facts. 
Every day until the anniversary of the Brexit vote on 23/6 we will be posting a picture from the #MarchForEurope  There are too many people from all across Scotland who came demanding #DemocracyOnBrexit, and they cannot be forgotten or ignored #AlwaysEuropean  
Likely that UK travellers will pay a €7 charge and complete a form to visit Schengen area after Brexit.But blue passports. 
 WATCH: Nicola Sturgeon’s belligerence in snubbing a #Brexit agreement with the UK Government is a reminder that with the SNP independence, manufactured grievance and the narrow nationalist agenda always comes before the good of the country #ScottishQuestions 
Farage Backs Rees-Mogg for Tory Leader and Brexit Prime Minister   
On 3rd May I am voting in the best interests of my family, my community and my country. That means I will not be voting for @UKLabour or the Tories as long as they persist in pursuing Brexit which is most definitely NOT in the best interests of anyone but the few. 
.@GerardBatten​ attacks Richard Corbett for yet again floating the concept of a second Referendum. It is time to get on with it.  
UK deficit for 2017/18 was £42.6bn. The OBR, perhaps influenced by prevailing post-referendum gloom among forecasters, predicted in March last year that it would be £58.3bn — so the outcome was £15.7bn or 27% lower than forecast. 
More evidence from @nmcnews that #Brexit is bad for our NHS. @theRCN 
David Davis this morning: "60% of our trade is with the EU and 40% outside it and after Brexit that will be reversed." Yes David, but that'll be almost entirely due to EU trade shrinking, not non-EU trade growing. 
MPs could make a second Brexit referendum possible, Labour’s Brussels leader says  
The media are saying Nicola is standing alone, not Scotland but Nicola because:1. England wants Brexit2. NI has no choice due to Direct Rule3. Wales got shafted by LabourScotland is standing alone because all the Unionist parties that are in charge want Brexit!Ask Why? 
You could still vote for the Referendum on May 25th if you live abroad& cannot make it #HomeToVote. You can contact your local county council to get a #PV2 Form which will allow you to Post your vote. The deadline is April 28th  #repealthe8th  
Nicky Morgan & Anna Soubrey should be vilified & sacked by the Govt not only for trying to stop #Brexit  but for dangling the keys of No10 to that Marxist terrorist supporter Corbyn. 
Vote Labour, get Tory Brexit especially if you live in Wales!@UKLabour stole a lot of Wales democratic powers and gave them to their Brexit loving chums the Tories yesterday#StopBrexit#ABTV#PeoplesVote 
Crashing our economy and taking us out of the EU contrary to our democratic choice is a "concocted grievance"? @Scotgov has repeatedly asked to be involved in constructive negotiations on #Brexit - this has been refused by Westminster without exception 
It’s patently clear that the real agenda is to discourage discusssion of Palestinian situation & to distract from the far more serious Tory misdemeanours. #Palestine #Windrush #ToryRacism #CambridgeAnalytics #ElectionFraud #homelessness #UniversalCredit #Syria #Yemen #Brexit #  
#Brexit is harming our economy and these impacts will only get worse #52brexitfacts : The gvt. has been forced to publish its own analysis showing a free trade agreement with the EU will leave growth 4.8% lower than if we were still in the EU. 
Anti-Brexit peers are “playing with fire” says man who discovered it:  
The 'silly' threat to #AbolishTheLords comes from the British people, who voted out unelected EU govt in Brussels and won't stop till we're rid of the HoL.Lords ignore it at their peril!Lord Hunt's response another example of the sheer contempt at the British people?#Brexit  
"It isn't about antisemitism, it's about undermining Corbyn""It isn't about Russia, it's about undermining Corbyn""It isn't about Syria, it's about undermining Corbyn""It isn't about Brexit, it's about undermining Corbyn"Repeat ad infinitum till problem goes away... 
SCER director @KirstyS_Hughes featured in today's @FT Brexit Briefing on #Brexit, #Scotland and devolution 
Not to appear on @BBCNews cos bad for Brexit narrative chapter 5,435,718  
It creates a legal vehicle for a referendum on the final deal which previously was very difficult to imagine. 
Just arrived today! Thrilled. But we ALL deserve to not have our rights stripped off us with a deceitful illegal Brexit. So lets fight and make sure everyone in the UK keeps their burgundy passports. MAKE YOUR VOTE COUNT on May 3rd. #ABTV to #StopBrexit #noblue 
This referendum has literally become my personality 
Dr Julian Lewis MP asked @theresa_may whether she acknowledged that locking ourselves into a customs union with the EU after Brexit would be a very bad deal indeed!  
What you find an archive! A "Schoolboy Financier" 13yr old Jacob Rees-Mogg photographed @bankofengland, 1983. Also a stunning @EveningStandard newspaper cutting showing the debt collecting letter sent by #JacobReesMogg to the @BBCr4today programme in 1981. #monocle #JRM #Brexit  
No details in PMs answer to @vincecable question - vague wishes that it'll all be ok for EU nationals post Brexit; how can we trust that given Windrush? 
Brexit app for EU nationals won't work on iPhones  #BrexitShambles 
Fairly critical question to PM from Tory Cotswold MP Geoffrey Clifton Brown on Brexit Impact on financial services - hmmm, not a rebel, and on some lists of ERG. 
Together with @Lawyers4Choice we have produced a booklet with short answers to key referendum questions - to encourage undecided voters to follow up at  
'The Lancet' - UK's oldest & most widely respected medical journal, says every #Brexit scenario "poses substantial threats" to the #NHS.Do you want to save our NHS? Simple. #StopBrexitYou can help by Anti-Brexit Tactical Voting on May 3rd - only vote for pro-EU parties #ABTV 
UK to leave EU customs union after Brexit, confirms Theresa May. The UK Prime Minister have just told the Parliament 17 million voted to leave the EU, so there's no but's and If's we are leaving the lame duck federation called EU, end off  
Tories promised they wouldn't seize farming, fishing & environment powers due to Brexit, their continuity bill seized them. They promised to amend it, they didnt. They promised House of Lords would amend it, they didnt. Now they're promising to return them in 7 years.. #indyref2 
.@ChukaUmunna – Davis has had to recognise “Brexit is not a done deal”  
Should Klopp lead the new anti-Brexit party?! It appears he has some interesting supporters  
Say what you like about the Government's Brexit policy but this is staggeringly incoherent from the *Shadow Chief Secretary to the Treasury* #bbcdp 
Brexit is too important to be left to 650 MPs at Westminster - the 65 million people of the UK deserve to be heard too. There has never been a more important moment for the people to make their voice heard and to demand a People’s Vote on the final Brexit deal. (4) 
His admission that the Government will have to respect any decision by Parliament to amend any motion or legislation on the final Brexit deal makes it clear that while Brexit is a big deal, it’s not a done deal. (2) 
Thread: David Davis has opened the door to Parliament agreeing to the demand that we get a People’s Vote on the final Brexit deal. (1) 
The SNP's decision to snub the Brexit deal has left them utterly isolated and exposed. It's time they saw sense.  
I'm honestly so ready for this referendum to be done with, I'm SICK to my back teeth arguing with people over it.So stressful. One month from today 
Widespread disappointment that, unlike in Wales, SNP administration in Edinburgh couldn't find agreement with the Government.More Scots voted for Brexit than voted SNP in #GE2017. SNP need to accept referendum results & stop playing the politics of division @ScotTories 
One increasingly likely pathway for British politics:soft Brexit --> liberal migration/freedom of movement in other name to pls business --> angry working class & middle class Leavers on migration & sovereignty bailouts --> cuts across Con/Lab electorate --> new populist party 
Brexit blamed as record number of EU nurses give up on Britain  
#GDS Service Manual: Don't make apps. Make accessible websites for everyone.Rudd: We're making a smartphone app for all the foreigners!Everyone who ever worked in Gov-UX: Don't make mobile apps.Rudd: No. It's great. It'll work like my fav luxury clothing app. #Brexit #UX 
The Home Office procedure for the registration of EU citizens in the UK must be nearly automatic. If that's not the case, it will be a bureaucratic nightmare not only for EU citizens but also for the Home Office.#Brexit #FutureofEurope  
WOW. #Brexit is *SO* democratic. How many referenda will this illegal opinion poll attempt to overturn......for something that is completely undeliverable? #WeNeedTheGFA #CymruCapitulates #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
It's only a month until Ireland's abortion referendum - here is some information you need to know, and some stories you need to hear (thread) 
David Davis at the .@CommonsEUexit - car crash. He's lost all contact with reality.Kids, if you're offered a #Brexit on May 3rd, just say no.#VoteEU #ABTV = anti-Brexit Tactical Voting = only vote for those parties (Greens, LibDems, Renew, etc.) who oppose #Brexit#StopBrexit 
Therapeutic watching @afneil bazookaing fish in a barrel on @daily_politics until it occurs to you that the fact no politician can answer even the most simple questions on Brexit and anti-semitism is a cause for profound disquiet. 
Before the referendum Turkey was being fast-tracked into the EU, spearheaded by Germany, in case you've forgotten? There would have been no controls on how many people, from Turkey, could move to the UK.  It's all about control. 
We've launched a UK wide ‘Home to V8te’ campaign alongside @NUS_USI to campaign for Irish students studying in England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland to travel home to RoI to vote in the referendum on the 8th amendment on 25 May. Check out   
Brexit: David Davis expects MPs to back customs union exit  
For financial services, I am in favour of an equivalence regime that allows the EU to regulate and control UK financial products in the EU. Watch the full statement  #Brexit 
The only red lines the Government knows are those striking out the wishes of the people. The EU must not have control, any control over our ability to set our immigration policy after Brexit.  
The Brexit Secretary has told @CommonsEUexit what we knew already: the @HouseofCommons motion on the final Brexit deal this autumn can be amended by MPs. Parliament is in charge of this not Jacob Rees-Mogg and the Tory hard right who appear to dictate the agenda of Government. 
“We still don’t know what the government’s preferred policy is on the Irish border, why not?” @afneil “Well, we do…. we will not have a hard border in N Ireland” @andrealeadsom “That is not a policy, that is an aspiration” @afneil#Brexit #bbcdp 
You see the damage a few extra Tories have done to Scotland since Brexit, imagine the amount after 7 whole years... 
The freedoms of British citizens are being systematically reduced through Brexit.  
I took this in Ennis in May 2012. Back then, a Referendum felt impossible. For everyone who drove by that billboard and felt they had to keep quiet, our day is coming! This day next month we vote - let's repeal the 8th & build a better Ireland for all pregnant people @ClareForYes  
I can't wait for this abortion referendum to be over I'm sick to death of other people trying to force their opinions 24/7 
MPs are likely to reject the Brexit deal if future trade with the EU isn't agreed, David Davis admits  
Mogg says Remainer Lords risk ‘burning down their house’ over Brexit  
"As long as we stick together as Europeans, everything can be sorted in the future" - Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says Brexit, and Donald Trump, are "not the solution".  
Really? Nigel said we'd get better access to the Single Market than Norway. @DanielJHannan (Campaign Head of @VoteLeave_eu) said there's no way we'd be leaving the Single Market.Also, if Brexit means leaving the Customs Union, Bye Bye  Good Friday Agreement (Peace in N.Ireland)  
This is how not to win friends, especially those you want to deliver a frictionless border. Listen to those who live there @DavidDavisMP Brexit is madness it won’t work @guyverhofstadt British govt apologises over unannounced border visit - 
#Brexit and political uncertainty may be causing a big swing in where innovation happens in Europe #ReutersRankings  
Brexit means leaving the Customs Union, Single Market and ECJ jurisdiction  
Imagine an EU Referendum in different country:The Leave camp would have argued that they were tired of being ruled by Britain, using the English language, having their economy shaped by a Single Market that the British created, and watching Britain get constant special treatment 
David Davis, condemned like a Buster Gonadian Sisyphus to roll the enormous bollocks of Brexit up and down Global Opportunity hill for ever more. 
As time passses and we draw closer to brexit, May becomes increasingly desperate to find other things to prevent our leaving. She is now at the stage of making a fool of herself at every opportunity and her judgement is not fit for a prime minister. 
#brexit We’re leaving Customs Union & The Single Market. Labour, SNP, Lib Dem’s, stop crying  about both everyday. 17 million voted to leave Customs Union & The Single Market. We will be better off once we leave the failing, hopeless,  crumbling  EU !!!!!  Give it a rest FFS.  
Remember this? Well Brexit means you won't be able to go looking abroad for jobs if there are none at home any more. Freedom of Movement works both ways. #stopbrexit #abtv 
The options for the way forward with Brexit are:A) @theresa_may and Tories be adults and accept that a customs union is critical B) David Davis standing on the Irish border with his fingers in his ears screaming "LA LA LA LA I CAN'T HEAR YOU" as lorries back up to Cork 
Did he even once make eye contact? A poker 'tell' if ever there was one. Davis is the Grand Wizard of Daviscation, obfuscation, evasion, exaggeration, artifice and chicanery all rolled into one.Brexit is important to me, the committee deserves his full attention.  
'@Nigel_Farage: “At this dreadful time when watching the Brexit process has been a total purgatory, all I can say is thank goodness for Rees-Mogg.”   
.@AdamBoultonSKY It seems your guest Iain Duncan Smith wanted a 2nd EU referendum when he thought Leave were going to lose.  
Those seeking to force Theresa May to sell out on the EU Customs Union are Remainers trying to overturn the referendum result:  #Brexit 
This is what #Brexiteer zealots don't tell you.A #tradedeal has to be ratified by each country.That's why I was told yesterday by a lobbyist for UK fisheries that he tells his clients the truth: full #Brexit could take ..30 years.In 30 yrs a lot of the folks who voted for it..  
2 of the UK's top experts on Brexit have condemned the Scottish Tories for "ad-hominem" attacks and lowering the tone of debate.Dr Kirsty Hughes and Dr Katy Hayward said the process could undermine devo "Devo has been seen more as an irritation than as a central concern " 
Now why are you disseminating a plain lie?The SNP composed it's own paper on Brexit solutions, offered to participate as an 'equal' partner in the UK, and got rejected. You can't be so dim as to forget what happened yesterday and hope voters do the same. We're well informed. 
This referendum matters to all of us.  It fundamentally will affect the future of women in Ireland and Irish society. It is time for us to reach a maturity on this issue, to face the reality of abortion in Ireland right now and provide compassionate health care #CorkSaysYes 
STAND PROUD You have every right to fly our Nations Flag 
David Davis: The first duty of government is to promote and defend the national interest.But he's engaged in negotiating Brexit 
This anti-Brexit shift is happening here in Basingstoke and in the rest of the UK. #PeoplesVote 
'Botched Brexit' causing thousands of EU nurses to quit NHS as workforce shrinks for second year running  
Crossing boarders like brexit never happened...@Conway_Sean is rattling through Europe on his record attempt! 
Why didn’t anyone warn us before the referendum that Brexit would be bad for the NHS? Oh....  
This buffoon has to be stopped. Ten minutes listening to him in the Brexit committee will tell you that he is simply not smart enough to hold the country's future in his hands.  
UK: Don’t be stupid. We travelled to Europe with just our passports before we joined the EEC, and we will after Brexit. Why would they charge us or make it harder?EU: We’ve taken control of our external borders. €7 please.  
Jacob Rees-Mogg warns peers they are 'playing with fire' by re-writing #Brexit laws as MPs plan abolition debate after petition passes 100,000 names  
7/ Again, the UK government thinks that smart technology is the answer to the problems Brexit has caused. Looking at people as numbers not taking into account reality. /end 
Conversation with #Brexit voting Brit yesterday. Him: I voted #Brexit to shake things up. Me: But you export from the UK all over the EU, won't #Brexit impact your business?Him: No, the govt will cancel #Brexit at the last minute, they're just teaching the EU a lesson...... 
The irony of Jacob Rees-Mogg threatening to flee the country if Brexit is abandoned when abandoning Brexit would make it easier for him to flee the country.  
Brexit: it’s the economics, stupid.  
New EU nurse data shows nearly 4,000 left in last year & only 800 joined. Brexit is hurting nurse staffing.  
Granite Brexit needed. 
NEWS! Huge surge in support for anti-Brexit campaigns as Jacob Rees-Mogg threatens to leave country  
Jacob Rees-Mogg will 'flee the country' if the Conservative Party abandons Brexit... Taking advantage of your EU Freedom of Movement Jacob? Well done!   
David Davis just told the Select Committee that 60% of our trade is with EU and 40% outside and after Brexit that will be reversed. What he didn't say is what the overall size of that trade will be. All forecasts show it will be much less. 
. @Feorlean : "The effect of the UK Government's latest proposals remains this: the @ScotParl' s powers could be restricted - for a period of up to 7 years - without its consent. That's not something the @scotgov could recommend the Parliament approves" #Brexit #scotland 
Male Fine Gael Ministers, TDs & Senators showing leadership on reforming our laws this morning.This referendum is not just about women - Men are also negatively impacted by the 8th Amendment.#MenForYes #togetherforyes #8thref #finegael 
When David Davis is asked at Brexit Select Committee why young people are overwhelmingly in favour of remaining in the EU. #FFS 
Does everyone get this now? US billionaire Robert Mercer funded and rigged #Brexit vote (working for both Leave campaigns) en route to installing Donald Trump. On both occasions, he was aided by Putins army of hackers, spies and paid subverters, interfering in both elections.  
Everybody in UK 'lost' if Brexit goes ahead. Lost respect on world stage, lost a huge market on our doorstep, lost opportunities to travel, work, study in 28 EU countries. As well as lost jobs, loss in value of sterling g, loss of our AS A credit rating. Name one gain. 
"Brexit opponents implicitly argue that the election result was obtained illegitimately through votes from people whose judgments should have no weight" - @henryolsenEPPC slays the dragon of global elite condescension 
As the Nursing and Midwifery Council register reveals record numbers of EU nurses and midwives have left the UK, Janet Davies of @theRCN warns that the government's approach to Brexit is responsible.Concerned? Share this  
David Davis speaks with all the authority and insight about the details of Brexit as a 13 year old me talked about girls. 
NHS haemorrhaging nurses due to #Brexit It’s not what UK voted for so let the Public vote on the Deal #PeoplesVote 
Brexit was about controlling immigration.  No matter how much you try to make it about racism & xenophobia it wasn't.You should be ashamed of your comments. 
Here's the thing. The SNP met Cambridge Analytica before they'd run Trump's campaign, before Brexit, before anyone had heard any reason not to.Scotland in Union spoke to them when they were famous for running Trump's neo-fascist presidential campaign:  
Brexit so far: 4000 European nurses left in the past year. Just 800 arrived. £340m lost every week - £9bn lost in tax revenue. What we have to look forward to: Hard border in NIRule taker for 2 yearsDeal costs £40bn - paying back until 2064No trade deals on cards 
Brexit blamed as record number of EU nurses give up on Britain | Society | The Guardian -  #bbcdp @daily_politics @theresa_may #c4news #bbcnews #skynews #c4news #BrexitShambles #VictoriaLive #wrightstuff #brexit @BBCRadio4 
The evidence is all around us that #Brexit promotes hate. Is that really the kind of country we want #Britain to be? #EUMigrants – hug them, don’t hate them. Please RT @Jon_Danzig’s full report. Link:  
Theresa May lacks "enthusiasm" for Brexit  and the Prime Minister has had a "betrayal of good sense” over her EU customs plan, says @Jacob_Rees_Mogg 
So it’s more important to save Labour Party by inflicting huge damage on the country and the people? Anyone believing this spin really needs to think again. #brexit is so easily undone, no laws have changed.  
I get why people are pushing the analogy about Wales accepting the Brexit continuity thing so now Scotland should, but it's imperfect. Occasional reminder that: Wales was cagey on devolution compared to Scotland; and Scotland voted comprehensively against Brexit when Wales didn't 
Wales elected its Labour government. It voted for Brexit. There's only so much pity we can have. 
Far from there being £350m week as promised by #Brexit leaders, the prospect of Brexit is deepening chronic staff shortages in our #NHS  
UK muzzles Brexit critics -  
Today's Brexit warning from @guyverhofstadt on Irish border.   "We have made it from day one perfectly clear...that we [the European parliament] will not give our consent without a guarantee, 100% assurance that there will be no hard border." 
The irony of Brexiteers saying they’ll move abroad if it’s abandoned,when abandoning Brexit would allow many of them to do so.  
It was a joyous moment in the referendum campaign when the pro-Brussels side had to admit the EU was militarising.Then came this rare pro-EU candour over it. Even gave us a name-check.Trouble is, the ‘EU white paper’ became a strategy which the UK Foreign Office JOINED in 2017.  
Why is it, the UK wants Parliament sovereignty, yet refuse to accept Scotland should have the same? The people of Scotland voted for the #SNP to lead and fight for Scotland, and you can't just ignore that like some petulant child.  #Brexit #Tory 
Brexit Britain, just do yourself some favours: don’t get sick, don’t have children and don’t get old.  Brexit blamed as record number of EU nurses give up on Britain  
"Take it or leave it" - Yet again, the #Tories show utter contempt for the Scottish Parliament and what they think of the Scottish people.You do not need 7 years to create UK frameworks, especially if you can supposedly arrange #Brexit in just 2. #Tory 
Here’s a key graph from the report. Whereas EU nurses used to boost our NHS by many thousands each year, their leaving rates are now weighing heavy on weak UK & non-EU growth.Remember that we have ~40,000 nursing vacancies & staff strain encourages UK staff to leave. #Brexit  
And voted for overwhelmingly by the people of Scotland in a Referendum.  
I would like to take this opportunity to thank Scotlands FM @NicolaSturgeon & Brexit Minister Mike Russell for sticking up for the people of Scotland and not caving into the Tories over the power grab. Sadly the people of Wales can not say the same about their FM. 
It's vital that a #Brexit deal is reached that provides certainty for doctors and health services in the UK and across Europe. I agree with @TheBMA's ‘key asks’. These are fundamental for the UK and show the potential damage of #Brexit.  
It was a pleasure to meet Dr Liam Fox, the UK‘s Secretary of State for International Trade, yesterday. We discussed the importance of a trade deal between the UK and Nigeria post-Brexit which would be excellent for both our countries.  
Have a look at that report I posted. Nearly half (46.7%) cited Brexit as one of their top reasons for leaving. That shows real mismanagement by Govt. You expect churn with EU staff (as they are young & mobile) - but the incr in rate from last year with so many citing Brexit... 
Dear #Scotland,You may think Scottish Labour are bad opposition but in Government they sell your country down the river over Brexit all in the name of the Westminster & stability of the Union as it's more worthy to them.Best wishes/Cofion gorau,#Wales/Cymru  
Labour’s Brexit fight in the Lords: ‘We’re righting wrongs and securing rights’  via @labourlist 
In today's news- May lacks 'enthusiasm' for Brexit, says Rees-Mogg- Eurosceptic leader calls customs partnership 'completely cretinous'- No 10 suggests May will hold back divorce bill until agreement- Barnier demands UK set out next plans 
Wonder if there is any relationship between Carwyn Jones resigning and Welsh Labour accepting the brexit deal. 
New report out this morning.EU nurses are leaving the NHS at an *accelerating* rate.Nearly 4,000 left and only 800 joined. Before Brexit, EU nurses in NHS were growing by 6,000-7,000 each year. NMC says this is “major concern” & Brexit to blame. 
The pressure is piling on the PM to reverse the UK's position & remain in the customs union. A vote is being held tomorrow.Today, David Davis is in front of a select committee where he will be grilled by MPs on the latest Brexit developments. Here are some terms you might hear:  
MUST-READ: Brexit is to blame as record number of EU nurses give up on Britain - nobody voted for less nurses in our precious NHS. This is why we need a #PeoplesVote. Please RT:  
Good Read: #Eritrea: A look Back on Eritrea' Historic 1993 Referendum  
We know, don't we Mike, that if Maggie Thatcher was at the height of her power, Brexit would have been done and dusted by now; bullying Brussels would have been bullied back, borders would be guarded and Putin would have been sending her Christmas cards! As for Corbyn Monoxide...  
The NHS needs more nurses fast. There are 40,000 vacancies.Until 2016, EU nurses in the NHS were growing fast (6-7,000 per year) and plugging gaps. Now their numbers are falling faster than UK & non-EU nurses are growing- meaning that we are treading water /declining. #Brexit  
MOGG: Europhile Lords ‘playing with fire’ in opposing Brexit. “It would be a shame to burn down a historic house.” 
Obstetricians’ body recommends Yes vote in abortion referendum #together4yes 
#Brexit blamed as record number of EU #nurses give up on Britain #NHS #healthcare 
I thought hell would freeze over before I saw something like this. It shows how people can put aside their differences to oppose the madness that is Brexit. Hope we see more of this common sense in the stand against Leave. #FinalSay #PeoplesVote 
As a gay man and an ardent Brexiteer, the suggestion being made by some LGBT activists that I should feel threatened and worried by Brexit is as offensive as it is patently untrue, argues @darrengrimes_ 
 Today the Faroe Islands will vote in a referendum on a new constitution.That could pave the way for a national ballot on separating from Denmark.  
Brexit is all about xenophobia and blaming immigrants - whether doctors, nurses, fruit pickers, care workers, hospitality staff, plumbers or labourers - for all UKs ills. Low social mobility, poor opportunities, austerity are Tory policies. Stop Brexit 
In a few years time, when .@carolecadwalla ‘s done all her great investigative journalism, we’ll discover Brexit was part of a scam led by Trump & his chums (in private healthcare companies), aided by Theresa & her cronies, to privatise our NHS & make  
WE ARE ALREADY 40,000* NHS NURSES SHORT. 10% of European nurse workforce quit last year  Just 800 EU nurses came to UK last year [compared to 6,382 in 16/17 and 9,389 in year of Brexit vote] Nearly 4,000 nurses left last year.#Hospital 
I don’t buy this fake Brexiter concern for immigrants. They fought the most disgusting anti-immigrant EU referendum campaign and now want us to believe they are the champions of immigrants. That is certainly not how my community - one with a proud history of immigration - sees it 
.@janetRCN: “It feels that efforts to boost the number of nurses are being dragged down by a botched Brexit. Nurses returning home, or giving Britain a miss entirely, are doing so because their rights are not clear enough.”  
No one voted for fewer nurses but this brexit deal is sending them packing. It's not a priority for the politicians, that's why we need a #peoplesvote before signing off on the Brexit deal 
READ | “I think their lordships are playing with fire and it would be a shame to burn down a historic house,” says the Brexit hero. Support us at  
This is such bs journalism. Boris consistently and repeatedly offered a liberal Brexit vision during the campaign.  
Huge poll (>200k) says:People want to stay in the Single Market by 2 to 1(and 51 to 49 want to stay in the EU)Are you listening @theresa_may ? You never had a mandate for your Tory hard Brexit. Your mandate for any kind of Brexit at all has expired.  
Farage BLASTS Sadiq Khan and 'ghastly' John Bercow for HARMING UK Brexit trade talks  
'Botched Brexit' causing thousands of EU nurses to quit NHS  
Let me be bloody honest to people who are remain but plan on voting Lab in next weeks local electionIts a local election, not a GENext GE is post Brexit day so Brexit will be the Tory Brexit, Not LabsThis is you last chance to vote before Brexit daySo vote Pro EU, not Lab 
A tour de force from @darrengrimes_ on @BrexitCentral today in which he brilliantly takes apart the baseless and offensive claim of the anti-Brexit crowd that LGBT rights are somehow threatened by our departure from the EU  
Jurgen Klopp is a terrific manager and a fine pro-EU advocate. Only pity is that this is now a country where a football coach has more insight and political sense on Brexit than our entire government front bench 
Vital conclusion: Global Britain is facade to cover the decaying ruin that is #Brexit. Also useful info in thread about #CustomsUnion 
."The former secretary general of the United Nations has warned that Brexit poses a threat to peace in the North [of Ireland].". 
Rees-Mogg prepares to leave the UK if Tories abandon brexit.  
Brexit Explained  
Correct as nobody elected a single Lord at all, yet they have the power to overturn a democratic vote of the people. That's not democracy in any shape or form. The Gov; petition for a referendum to abolish the H.o.L is now 114.000+ & rising.  
London law firms say Brexit will have no significant impact on profitability or employment levels  
We are questioning @DavidDavisMP from 9.15 this morning. Watch live here  #Brexit  
I voted Remain!  I voted Labour! Labour is only party I will vote for! I'm sick to death of Labour being "defined" by Brexit! Look around you at the NHS, Social Care, Education, Police, Local Services, Homelessness, Zero Hour jobs, unaffordable bills! Blame Tories not Europe!  
That’s what we did. We were lied to in 1970s “just a common market” and then experienced a 45year slow motion coup d’etat of British democracy and sovereignty. We were promised referenda and repeatedly denied them.#EnoughIsEnough #Brexit #FBPE 
"The MEPs, he said, wanted a system of “registration, not application” THIS is the issue that could cause the European Parliament to reject the Brexit deal. And we have a veto....  
Customs union: the battleground set to decide the fate of Brexit  - a terrific read 
Government app to register EU citizens after Brexit ‘won't work with iPhones’And other reasons why MEPs including @GreenJeanMEP and myself were not reassured by a visit from Home Office officials via @YahooFinanceUK 
Brexit: When new facts emerge or when you become aware of facts that had been deliberately obscured or when you realise you’ve been lied to, changing your mind is the sensible thing to do @RemainerNow 
And now the Brexit idiots want to build their own GPS system because the Americans and the Europeans won’t let them play with theirs.  How many billions are they going to waste on this project? #r4today 
Weak. Weak. Weak. Yes sir, no sir, three bags full sir. Welsh and UK governments agree Brexit bill deal -  
Brexit blamed as record number of EU nurses give up on Britain  
Couldn’t agree more Sean. Many, including me, relied on BBC during the referendum as an objective source of fact & were badly let down by them. I voted leave after watching many hours of BBC coverage. Have since changed my mind, am a #RemainerNow & want a #PeoplesVote 
Dan Backer (quoted on @FDRLST today) was Stop Hillary PAC, which was Bolton, Marquis and Brexit. Bolton is Cambridge Analytica, which is Mercer/Bannon. Secure America Now was Mercer and Ron Lauder funded, worked with Harris/Broidy.Broidy = RNC = #RICO 
In #AZ08, a referendum on Trumpism looks like this.  
Sweet victory tonight for a great candidate Erik Bohen. He worked so hard against tall odds. A true independent leader for taxpayers. Tonight was also a referendum on @NYGovCuomo and his failed radical liberal policies. WNY will reject him again in November. 
‘Obstetricians’ body recommends Yes vote in abortion referendumvia @IrishTimes’#Together4Yes 
#Brexit update: daft UK govt is rationalizing the Customs Union give-back by saying only non-existent manufacturing, not City’s financial services, would be impacted. So, wealth and income gap, and rough sleeper population to double again?  
French: sixty-eight, sixty-nine, sixty-ten...English: *stares*French: *stares back* Sixty-eleven, sixty-twelve, sixty-thirteen...English: *facepalm*French: sixty-ten-eight, sixty-ten-nine, four-twenties!English: *arranges Brexit-o-tron, arranges to have Britain towed* 
Here's the link.  For Morocco the tariffs are found when you open up the conditions box. Do you see lots of zeros? A tariff is applied only when the import price drops below €26.40. On that it's 50 euro cents!Economist For Brexit. You're a joke!  
This is beyond pathetic! Professor Dowd, "Economist for Brexit" can't read the tariff schedule properly. Is he on Twitter? @mrjamesob 
7 USC §7414(i)(4)(D) & 7 CFR §1218.107 make it a federal crime for a member of the U.S. Highbush Blueberry Council to reveal how a blueberry handler voted in a blueberry referendum. 
Owen: you need to understand that many, many #Remainers like myself cannot vote for Labour until they renounce their support for the economy-destroying Tory #Brexit.Our vote for Labour in GE17 to STOP May’s #HardBrexit was wrongly interpreted as a vote FOR Labour’s own #Brexit.  
I love knowing @DLTogether4Yes has done something so beautiful and powerful. While there has been loads of 'Vote NO' posters and canvassing. Im glad to hear loads of people talking about the referendum and how they'll be voting 'YES'. So proud to be from such an open lovely town.  
People keep saying that stopping Brexit would be bad for our faith in democracyReally?Worse than the UK population knowing that their financial hardship can be blamed directly on the blatant lies of politicians, for generations to come?Or we could just vote our way out of this 
WELL DONE TO BOLTON COUNCIL! 
Our Brexit What art in turmoil Derided be thy nameGive us a signOf your elusive dividend For thine motive beRacistXenophobic andFascistThere is no 'for the many'Only for the fewScrew youGive us this dayA final sayTo #Remain For ever & everBrexitNever again 
Brexit: the litmus test for the ignorati - the customs union has become the litmus test which can show up the ignorati for what they are. The one thing you can guarantee, though, is that not one of them will admit their ignorance...  #Brexinfo. 
 52% of the electorate in 2016 voted for Brexit. That is a majority.84% of votes from the electorate in 2017 wear for parties that pledged a full Brexit. That again is a majority.  
Mike Russell holds firm on Scotland's issues of principle regarding the 'EU Withdrawal Bill'. #Brexit  
Yes. Corbyn's approach has been pretty much what I wanted, even though I'm a remainer, as I recognised early on that pushing for a 2nd referendum would have hugely damaged Labour. The more cautious tentatively pro-Brexit approach is paying off now. 
Not happening, and I say that as a (former) lifelong Labour voter. Oppose Brexit, and you get me back, continue on this destructive enabling of the tories, and I'd rather spoil my ballot.   
WM Tories are using #Brexit as a front in their attempt to seize important powers from the Scottish Parliament. #IDoNotConsent 
90% of #London’s 100 largest #law firms think that #Brexit will have no significant impact on #profitability or #employment levels  #BBC #SKY @LBC #LBC @ConHome #ConservativeParty @CCHQPress @UKLabour #Tory #TheresaMay #JacobReesMogg #UK #Tories #UKIP 
The Eighth Amendment of the Constitution of Ireland recognized the equal right to life of the mother and the unborn child. It was approved by referendum on 7 September 1983, by 67%. #LoveBothVoteNO 
.@IanDunt: ‘Every time there is movement on the Brexit debate, the same culprits emerge with the same disinformation techniques. They are mostly given a free pass by their interviewers, who do not seem to understand how gravely they are misleading viewers.’  
With most of German industry now wearing nappies because of the fear of losing Britain's trade, it really is time for Mrs May to call the EU's bluff which will do them a favour by putting them out of their misery and do us one as well, allowing brexit to proceed as planned. 
Good. Perhaps they'll start thinking about a second referendum. #StopBrexit 
In the process of cutting the session down into 'Tweetable' clips - here's a quick taster you may find interesting.......Well played Canada - and @DamianCollins and Liz Denham @ICOnews#AIQ #SCL #CambridgeAnalytica #VoteLeave #Brexit  
I bet you a tanner that when I switch the radio on in the morning, the lead story on the BBC news will be JC's meeting with the board of deputies. Not Windrush, not Saudi bombing a Yemeni wedding, not the Lords voting against Govts Brexit plans. Nope, JC and Labour antisemitism 
The start of the Brexit crunchUK govt has promoted the pyrrhic freedoms of a fantasy Brexit for too long, its approach is to continue to kick the can down the road but the end of the road is in sight—time to protect manufacturing and Northern Ireland 
.@FT @peggyhollinger are back with another #Brexit #Galileo front page. Having spent €1.4bn helping to build one sat-nav system for Europe, the UK considers spending who knows how much more to build a national system. Things getting a bit silly now, me thinks. 
Watched all of this.  The fact that the BBC brought in a crap comedian to discuss the issue made the case for her really; hard to imagine any other issue being subject to that kind of ridicule. What next, Chuckle Brothers on Brexit...?  
If you look at the way the tories have treated the #WindrushGeneration, i really fear for our sick, disabled, vulnerable, elderly NHS post Brexit when all human rights are obliterated by this heinous tory govt, the many will be at their mercy, #Newsnight #StopBrexit. 
Anti #Brexit Tactical Voting #ABTV #LE2018 #ABTV18 #Labour is the party that took millions of #Remain tactical voters for fools last year.They do not deserve our votes.Don't vote for the #LabourParty on May 3rd.#PeoplesVote #StopBrexit 
Contrary to what Theresa May claims, under international law Britain will have to pay its divorce bill to the EU even if it crashes out without a deal. #LeaveLies#StopBrexit #VoteEU#Brexit #ABTV 
Why the hell would I support Labour? Labour has betrayed Britain by supporting Brexit. You know it is bad for Britain and yet you support Brexit. Vote #ABTV and help to #StopBrexit 
“We don’t have a foreign secretary that commands respect around the world, the prime minister doesn’t have any bandwidth really to be doing foreign policy, the whole government is consumed with Brexit” argues @LordRickettsP #newsnight 
Show compassion for those without a vote in the upcoming referendum but who are directly affected by its results. Vote Yes on May 25th. #TogetherForYes #Repeal8th #enddirectprovision 
Every politician in this country fully understands the damage that Brexit will cause. Think about that.These people do not deserve to be MP'sParty loyalty is not an excuse.Remember this on election day.#FBPE #StopBrexit #brexit 
#skypapers Last night Yasmin Alibhai ~ Brown  Remoaner bore. Tonight another two Remoaner bores on why. Stig Abell & Jenny Kleeman. All 3 hate Donald Trump & Brexit. Skypapers getting worse than the Bias BBC who hate Brexit. What’s that noise everyone turning to another channel. 
Inclusive approach by #sinnfein to back anti #brexit campaigner and unionist. I'd like to see more of this open thinking. Sinn Féin backs unionist farmer in Seanad by-election  via @RTENewsNow 
RT If You Want Rees-Mogg In Charge Of Brexit.  
Parliament to Consider Petition on Abolishing House of Lords After Anti-Brexit Vote   
I knew from the start that Brexit would be an opportunity for the government to rein it in, but boy I was unprepared for how badly this is going. Suddenly the @YesCymru movement is a whole lot more appealing when you realise just how vindictive Westminter power is =/ 
Boris Johnson was guilty of dog-whistle politics in the Brexit campaign, especially over Turkey. He played with fire by pandering to populism & flirting with nationalism. Posing now as a liberal on immigration is simply grotesque  
Lots of Corbynites saying that Labour can’t oppose Brexit because they don’t have the numbers to win a vote.A) This is the very definition of ‘Opposition’, & yet Opposition wins many things. B) How will Labour defeat the government when Starmer’s tests are clearly failed? 
In the House of Representatives, the Republicans do not even show up to a hearing with a Cambridge Analytica whistleblower. In Ottawa, a committee is deep into it, even mentioning campaigns in the US, including Bolton, Cruz, Trump and lots of Brexit talk. 
I never thought I would see the day when Labour under Corbyn would keep the Tories in power by supporting #ReesMogg's #Brexit, thereby stifling a vote on the one issue that could bring the #nastyparty down. So disappointing #newsnight #r4today #stopbrexit #PeoplesVote #gmb #wato 
EU official has demanded Britain allow EU power to approve its financial regulations after Brexit.  Bizarrely, Remainers find this sort of stuff acceptable.Thankfully we've got more bulldog spirit than Remainers cowardly acceptance of bullying control.  
Well, this Labour election poster has a sad irony to it after today’s capitulation to the Tories. I’d love to know what exactly has changed the minds of the Welsh Labour Government in less than 12 months. #EUWithdrawalBill #Brexit #Unionistpowergrab 
May 3rd send a message to the 2 Brexit parties, vote LibDem or Greens regardless of tactical issues. Larger vote numbers for the EU friendly parties will send the same message as winning. Labour and Tory do not deserve a remain vote. 
This race to the bottom has poisoned our politics and fear of it has dominated the discussion - including on Brexit.Somebody’s worth is not based on where they were born, the language they speak or their skin colour.We must change course or we’ll be a shunned, hopeless state. 
Nothing could be more anti-patriotic than Brexit. Parliament has said itself that Brexit will harm the UK under all flavours of Brexit. Normally, we would call people who knowingly take action to harm the UK saboteurs or spies.  
Ethnic cleansing by any other name. Despicable, disgusting, shameful. Brexit has unleashed a festering cesspit of xenophobia and it is unopposed by the opposition.  
Tories hoping to keep our powers for up to seven years?Hopefully we'll have independence long before that.#IDoNotConsent #Brexit #Indyref2 
'Beyond belief': Brexit app for EU nationals won't work on iPhones  
'Has the UK's Brexit adventure excluded it from Europe's €10bn Galileo project...' is what the headline should read.  Give it a try! 
London voted Remain. We don't want to be dragged out of the EU because of a discredited advisory referendum and Brexit is an act of self-harm. Let's vote for Remain parties on 3 May. Not Labour. Not Tory. @48PercentPlus lists many Remain choices ward by ward. #ABTVtoStopBrexit 
According to the Salisbury Convention, Lords will not obstruct implementing a manifesto promise of the party in govt.By pushing to stop #Brexit by forcing Britain to an EU customs union, Lords are in breach of a vital constitutional principle.Will this be their suicide note?  
Jacob Rees-Mogg - "Their lordships are playing with fire and it would be a shame to burn down a historic House.”"They may have to decide whether they love ermine or the EU more." #Brexit  
There is a God. His name is Jurgen   He speaks the truth about football and he speaks the truth about Brexit. Follow him!@mosalah @LFC  So pleased for you,mate. You deserve it. 
Klopp getting his divine reward for coming out hard against Brexit. Fully deserved mein Freund 
If your objective were to make the Irish border unobtrusive, you'd take Switzerland rather than Turkey as your starting point. Of course, if your real objective were to sabotage Brexit by any means available...  
Now we know that the Vote Leave campaign was corrupt from top to bottom and that lies are being told in Canada and in our Parliament, it's time the government acted and promises a final say. #PeoplesVote #Brexit #FBPE 
Ironic that in the week he spoke out against Brexit, Jurgen Klopp is sending people out of Europe against their wishes. 
Should the UK have a bank holiday every year for Independence Day on June 23rd for #Brexit? @Nigel_Farage #IndependenceDay RETWEET & VOTE  #yourvoicematters 
Preparing to question @DavidDavisMP at @CommonsEUexit tomorrow on progress of the UK Negotiations on #EU withdrawal. Somehow a Belgian beer seemed appropriate #Brexit #ScotlandsPlaceInEurope #FBPE 
The only people to mention an independence referendum today in chamber were Adam Tomkins and Neil Findlay.  I guess we are the only ones “obsessed” with protecting devolution though, eh? Because they certainly aren’t.  
Yes, but Keir, you support Brexit yourself. You have no say until you oppose it, fully, completely, absolutely. Brexit is just wrong on every level no matter how people voted in 2016. It is just madness.  
Difficult to see anything good at all in Brexit with this politician and this headline. What is admirable about him and it?If that’s the face and voice of Brexit Britain... we are completely screwed. 
Also dangerous is the idea of 'enthusiasm' in this. JRM has a PM doing exactly what he wants, but apparently she must 'enthuse' about (just as remainers must 'get behind') the "will of the people". It's another expression of subfusc Brexit McCarthyism:  
The Canadian Parliament is doing an amazing job at scrutinising the AIQ/#CambridgeAnalytica involvement in #Brexit. This is cross examination is definitely worth a watch @carolecadwalla @PeterKGeoghegan @justinhendrix @profcarroll @RVAwonk @WendySiegelman  
All our ills started with the change in the narrative from "it's completely unacceptable to be racist" to "we have to listen to the racists because they have legitimate concerns." That way leads to Brexit and the Windrush betrayal #c4news 
He with his £100 million isn't bothered by hard Brexit. Suspect his hedge fund operation will make a huge fortune by UK crashing out to WTO as £ drops & interest rates rise. He's a disgrace and has the gall to call himself a devout Catholic! 
Does @Jacob_Rees_Mogg not realize the cost to the UK of a no deal #Brexit ? Flights grounded, food rotting in the ground, markets crashing, exit from wto. It is in nobody’s interest & such kamikaze commentary does nobody any good.  
Nice to meet these and other #RemainerNow campaigners - people who voted to Leave in the #Brexit #Referendum but who would now vote to #Remain 
The EU is dependent on the UK,EU had an £82bn trade surplus with the UK in 2016,they need us for security,defence,trade,they need UK money to run the EU & they need access to our market.why is not 1 politician using these facts as leverage in Brexit talks?  
Another incentive to fight #Brexit.  
Gov Petition for the people to have a referendum to abolish the House of Lords is now over 111.00 signatures and still rising. Be a part of History and sign now please.  
4. The 8th Amendment is the reason the law cannot be changed. Without a referendum and a decision by the Irish people to #repealthe8th there will never be a law allowing for terminations of pregnancy for fatal fetal abnormality#together4yes #repealthe8th #StopPunishingTragedy 
“A GROUP which turned living, breathing children into an economic commodity by deriving profit from the illegal sale of actual children to couples in America has criticised people’s decision to vote ‘Yes’ in the upcoming referendum”   
Life as an EU citizen in the UK: A Brexit Thread told in gifs  
If we carry on with Brexit all the jobs fuck off, if we stop Brexit the Demon Headmaster's creepy fucking uncle fucks off. Them's the choices.  
Adam -tough thing for you to accept, perhaps, but First Minister is acting with the support of majority of @ScotParl behind her. Your own party’s damaging Brexit position is very much out of step with views of most people in Scotland & on Continuity Bill, you were defeated 95:32 
#EU Mr Barnier“It is now up to UK to come up with its vision for the future”Blistering Barnacles!We're LEAVING !NO EU feesNO EU Customs UnionNO EU Single MarketNO EU lawsNO Freedom of MovementStolen UK fishing waters & passports returned#Brexit 
#brexit redefined.We don't care if it hurts people.We don't care if it damages the economy.We don't care about losing rights.Tough suck it up. We won.#FBPE #StopBrexit #brexit 
One of the panellists claimed that more British people are applying for nursing degrees since Brexit, citing Anglia Ruskin University as having three applicants per actual place on their nursing degree. Let’s fact check this argument shall we?  
We promise you'll get these powers returnedSorry.. we promise to amend our Brexit bill & you'll get the powersSorry.. we promise House of Lords will amend so you get the powersSorry.. we promise we'll return the powers to you in about 7 years... maybe. 
Jacob Rees-Mogg - "Being in the customs union means you become a tariff taker and rule taker and you end up worse off than you would be as a member of the EU." #Brexit  
As a gay man and an ardent Brexiteer, the suggestion being made by some LGBT activists that I should feel threatened and worried by Brexit is as offensive as it is patently untrue  
Jack would have sold us out. He wanted a quick sign off. Labour sold out Scotland so many times. Jack McConnell: 'Ego and ideology' blocking Scots-UK Brexit deal - BBC News  
Just a reminder if what’s at stake in Scotland- powers we did vote for threatened by a Brexit we voted against.  
If there ever was a quote that underlined the need for self-determination, then this is it! #brexit #scotland #wales #time4sd 
LORDING OVER USREVEALEDCut price subsidised drinks & gourmet menu of the House of Lords. WHEN the unelected £305-a-day peers of House of Lords are not trying to stop #Brexit they are treated to subsidised gourmet silver service in opulent dining rooms. 
I don't really care what puts a stick in the spokes of #Brexit any more, or if a few numpties get prosecuted and banged-up after a bit of lager-fuelled 'civil disobedience' (aka "crime"). I just care that it's stopped. #StopBrexit 
The UK is a great country. Currently it is leaving a Union it has been part of for 45 years following a referendum. There has been no civil war or political assassinations only negotiations to settle new trading relations. Markets are adjusting and life continues. Magnificent. 
I thought that Brexit would lead the UK to try to acquire some global regulatory leadership. Difficult but not impossible. But no, the Govt just wants to sign up to EU regulations, agencies and all. 7/ 
Abortions are happening.Women need abortions.This referendum isn't about that.It's about whether you think we should care for the women in our lives or send them away in secrecy and shame. I am wholeheartedly #men4yes. 
Cretinous Betrayal of Good Sense.“They want to keep us in the single market & customs union.They never wanted us to leave"PM is a “very enigmatic figure”“It is hard to know what level of enthusiasm” she has for her Government’s main policy of Brexit" 
First Rees-Mogg accuses May of lacking 'enthusiasm' over Brexit and calls her plans for a customs union 'cretinous'; then he attacks the House of Lords for interfering and 'condescending' 17.4M people. Methinks Jacob is starting to lose his shit. 
Jacob Rees-Mogg: Customs proposal COMPLETELY cretinous“Things like staying in customs union would be bad deal.It would not be delivering result of referendum.People knew what they voted for"No Deal result is “actually a pretty GOOD deal”#Brexit #EU 
Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  Now at 111.000 and rising. Well done folks lets keep up the pressure please. Thank you all who have signed so far. 
I will be voting for the only party committed to stopping Brexit. #LibDems. And who knows if Labour doesn't do as well as expected in Remain areas like London he might finally get the message! 
NEVER TRUST LABOUR - Welsh Government capitulates to Westminster on Brexit powers  via @NationCymru 
Our Femi currently debating “Post-Brexit Britain: what will it look like?” - probably a bit like Eton Mess!  
App for EU citizens Brexit registration won't work on iPhones, Government admits  
Well done Scottish government in rejecting Westminster on Brexit.Thumbs up  
Airbus CEO lays out fighter plane plans, says U.K. production at risk because of Brexit  
Parliament to Consider Petition on Abolishing House of Lords After Anti-Brexit Vote   
It appears @Jacob_Rees_Mogg has finally stopped all the sickening niceness towards @theresa_may ... It's about time someone took these one-sided 'negotiations' by the scruff of the neck. #Brexit #Brexiteers #LeaveEU 
Sorry but I won’t be bitten again. Any remainer with any self respect would disown Labour this election and give them the bloody nose they need to realise they need our support to win power. Brexit under Tory or Labour will be disastrous, and I won’t support any Brexit party. 
Labour has the power to oppose Brexit. It won’t. By supporting Brexit Labour are causing more damage to the UK than anything the Lib Dems agreed to when in coalition.I’d vote Labour if they were pro-EU, but after I voted Labour last year my vote was counted as a Brexit vote. 
Brexit: May's 'customs partnership' idea cretinous, says Rees-Mogg  
Wales isolates Nicola Sturgeon over EU powers after Brexit  
I’m calling on Carwyn Jones to support a referendum on any expansion of the Welsh Assembly. Let the people decide! #ForTheNation#DrosYGenedl@UKIP @UKIPWales @UKIPinWales 
Great to chat with @mikegalsworthy today about our #RemainerNow campaign. People are increasing changing their mind now they know the facts. If that’s you too then join us at #RemainerNow and help us fight for a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal cc @RemainerNow 
England voted for Brexit and to prevent a meltdown WM needs to trash devolution, so Scotland must suffer imposed lower standards and an economic impact. That’s yer union in a nutshell. Shove it!  We’ll take #ScotRef now! 
Carwyn Jones quits and days later Labour branch office in Wales sign up to brexit. Then the Scottish Branch led by @NeilFindlay_MSP attack Scottish Govt for not bowing down. Has Jeremy been putting the pressure on them to tow the party line and support brexit? 
I had a horrible dream - there was a poisoning & the Foreign Sec lied, then Syria was bombed, then Theresa May's racism was exposed, innocent people suffered deportaion & she lied. But I awoke today to find business as usual, Labour anti-semitism and Brexit. #VoteLabourMay3rd 
You funded and campaigned for Kate Hoey, now you expect us to believe your councillors (one of whom was her election agent) will stop hard brexit. When will you stop insulting the electorate?  
Not until Labour changes it's stance on Brexit. 
Alex Kogan tells HoC committee that Alexander Nix of Cambridge Analytica lied to them.This really should come as no surprise.Like many of the crooks who promoted #Brexit, Nix is a professional liar.  
Make no mistake, if @scottishlabour  ran the Scottish Government, we would already have caved in to the post-brexit Westminster power grab, just like 'Welsh' Labour have 
The Catholic Church has a lot to say about morals during this referendum. A woman ending her pregnancy is not moral they say. They talk a lot about morality. Turns my stomach:   via @IrishTimes 
I can't believe I live in a country where the PM would want to terrorise innocent citizens, I never used to and I haven't moved, but this is brexit Britian.  Beware we are heading in a bad direction at speed  
More votes on Withdrawal Bill to come in the Lords & after 5 defeats in 2 days you'd imagine govt is getting the message that its #Brexit proposals are fatally flawed. Next Monday we'll try & amend the Bill to provide for a meaningful vote on any deal & an option of a referendum 
It is actually hard to believe this story is true. Pure Brexit gold.  
Some people say they voted to leave because they don't like the direction that the EU is heading in.I want to see Brexit stopped because i don't like the direction that the UK is heading in.#ExitFromBrexit #StopBrexitSaveBritain #ABTV 
Proving team Trump,  Russia and dodgy firms like far-right Steve Bannon's Cambridge Analytica were up to no good with the US election and the UK referendum is much easier than getting those whose vulnerabilities were preyed upon to manipulate them to accept they were scammed 
JOIN US AS WE RALLY IN SUPPORT OF #REPEALTHE8TH On the day of the referendum I’m organising a rally in solidarity with the Irish women fighting for their right to choose.  COME ALONG  
Brexit app for EU nationals won't work on iPhones - “they could borrow and Android”. And we wonder why EU wasn’t buying the ‘Customs Partnership’ solution?  
Do not waste your vote on a 'maybe' he will, do not waste your vote on May, because she won't. Say no to Corbyn and May on 3rd of May. Say no to Brexit of any kind. 
App for EU citizens to get UK residency after Brexit won't work on Apple phones, admits Home Office in latest blunder.Apple has 52% market share in Britain by the way...  via @Telegraph 
Kezia, you campaigned in the first independence referendum on the basis we were "Better Together" when Tory David Cameron was the PM. Will you campaign in the next independence referendum on the same basis that we're "Better Together"  under Tory PM Theresa May?  
'Beyond belief': Brexit app for EU nationals won't work on iPhones  
Labour has damaged itself by supporting Brexit. No Remainer can vote Labour even if they wanted to. #stopbrexit #ABTV 
Mobile phone app for EU nationals seeking to stay in the UK after Brexit will not work on iPhones, Home Office officials have admitted.And Brexiters think we can use technology to manage the Irish border? Right..... 
Trump: Trade with France is complicated because we have the European Union: I'd rather deal just with France.Trump confirms he'd like to break up the EU, in his interest of course. Brexit suits Trump and Putin. It does not suit the UK. 
Alexa show me Hard Brexit  
Yes Guy, Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp is absolutely right:Brexit 'makes no sense at all' and Britain should remain in the EU to help us improve our partnership from within. We’ll 'never walk alone' with our friends and family in the EU.  
Wales isolates @NicolaSturgeon over EU powers after #Brexit - @severincarrell reports 
++Breaking++Tories now officially in #Brexit civil war:Jacob Rees-Mogg: "Theresa May lacks 'enthusiasm' for Brexit and her plans for a customs partnership are 'completely cretinous'"Yes that's a direct quote on "cretinous"The gloves are finally off 
We have one of the most punitive, racist, nasty, vicious #Tory govts right now and #Labour in #Wales have just deferred to them on #Brexit Because it's easier to capitulate to May than to defend the will of the Welsh people 
Theresa May faces 'STARK CONSEQUENCES' if UK stays in customs union, Tory MP warns #Brexit 
@carolecadwalla @peterjukes "Something does not smell right here" Canadian hearing into AIQ - partners of Vote Leave and Cambridge Analytica 
FULL STORY: Home Office "LK Bennett" app for EU citizens Brexit registration won't work on iphones, officials have admitted.   
NOT TO BE MISSED - We'll produce a video highlights (lowlights) thread later of AIQ's performance today at the Canadian Parliament, but here's a flavour...prepare to be shocked! 
Update 109,200 and climbing Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  
Brussels will insist on permanent EU courts oversight in Brexit treaty, says Barnier  
The Tory nodding dogs are all on message. ‘Would you sell out the devolution settlement, Churchill?’ ‘Erm. Yes’.‘Would you betray Scottish business and jobs for Brexit?’‘Erm. Yes’Good old Churchill.  
The Welsh Labour Government has reached an agreement with the Conservative UK government which means that powers that are already devolved will NOT come to Wales after #Brexit but will be held by Westminster for up to 5 years. #EUWithdrawalBill 
Carolyn Fairbairn CBI - #Brexit uncertainty has really damaged our economy already... 40% of our members have delayed or postponed investment decisions. The economy is ticking along but we are at a trot & the rest of the world is at a gallop. Brexit uncertainty is real.#FBPE 
Petition now standing at over 109000.Keep signing and retweeting for a referendum on the future of the House of Lords.Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  
Scotland's Brexit minister explained the reasons for rejecting Westminster's latest deal 
Hands up those who are surprised that Labour (this time in Wales) have decided to agree with the Tories on the Brexit power grab. British nationalist parties will always put the Union & Westminster ahead of all other considerations. What odds on SLab following suit at Holyrood?  
I think this needs to go viral - admission of Russian interference in Referendum by Chair of Select Committee .@DamianCollins @BestForBritain @fairvoteuk @chrisinsilico @OFOCBrexit @Will_DryOFOC @Femi_Sorry @shahmiruk #FairVote 
‘No backbone’: Welsh Government accused of capitulating to Westminster on Brexit powers  
Former Brexit minister @DavidJonesMP dismantled the EU's continuous attempts to delay Brexit  
From my visit to Rotterdam: the UK Government is nowhere near as prepared as the Dutch are for Brexit.  
Welsh MP asks why a newspaper mentioned a Brexit judge's sexuality. Peter Wright of Associated Newspapers, says 'if you're going to profile the 3 judges, you have to profile the 3 judges.' @SDoughtyMP asks 'Why didn't you say the other two were straight?'  
As Owen says, this is a wake-up call to make the Brexit parties realise that they can't take Remainers' votes for granted.Vote for an anti-Brexit party and send a message to the Brexiters.This is the last chance to influence the Brexit parties before it's too late.  
“Every time there is movement on the Brexit debate, the same culprits emerge with the same disinformation techniques. They are mostly given a free pass by their interviewers, who do not seem to understand how gravely they are misleading viewers” @IanDunt  
"Are you thinking what im thinking""Hostile environment""Citizens of nowhere""Bargaining chips"#Brexit & #WindrushScandal are joined at the hip & have been years in the making. 
Delighted that agreement has been reached between UK and Welsh Govts on legislating for Brexit compatibly with devolution. Unsurprised that the wretched SNP would rather manufacture further grievance than get on board with the deal. A good day for the UK; a bad day for the SNP. 
Awkward conversation with #Leave voter today.  I grimaced at the 'get rid of all immigrants after #Brexit' comment but foolishly pointed out his Irish wife is an immigrant. That made him really angry.  Apparently  I am a racist to call her an immigrant. 
'Too many men don't realise they have a key role in 8th Referendum' - RTE soccer pundit @RichieSadlier #men4yes 
BREAKING: @WelshGovernment says it has agreed a deal with UK government on the Brexit Bill that 'respects devolution', resolving the so-called 'power-grab row'Agreement between UK ministers and @scotgov remains elusive, however 
This is so much the crux of all that is rotten with Brexit; the dishonest, ignorant and wilful attempts to keep the public in the dark and force their Brexit through on a tide of misleading slogans, all of which are quoted back to us on the streets. It is indeed intolerable.  
Sad that entire Tory group of MSPs see their primary task as apologists for the Tory @GOVUK as it tries to undermine @ScotParl - not one of them put their communities & their country before their party in  questions on my #Brexit statement today. 
Leaked EU #brexit memo says that EU protocol on the north may not be viable. This is a real concern if true.  The Taoiseach, however, tried to downplay it.  His flippant response couldn't go unchallenged....  
It's not just the politicians. Dominic Lawson was trumpeting the Swiss model in his regular Sunday Times slot. He deliberately and conveniently omitted to mention that Switzerland has freedom of movement, which is one of the #Brexit red lines, totally nullifying his argument. 
Well, this is strange. @PriceRise & @pollytoynbee are blaming Brexit for butter going up in price. As even the BBC states, it has nothing to do with the EU referendum. #slippery #butterfingers 
#men4yes because I am a man with a uterus, so this referendum concerns my own bodily autonomy 
Peers 'playing with fire' over Brexit could 'burn down' the House of Lords  
If some men don't feel they should have a vote in the referendum as it's a women's issue, then simply Vote Yes to remove yourself from that equation forever and allow woman the autonomy of their own bodies #men4yes 
This is a disappointing position from the Scottish Government. Yet again the SNP have placed their constitutional obsession with another independence referendum before the interests of the people of Scotland.  
Issue is brexit. If leave the EU we will not be in a strong enough economic position to implement a socialist agenda. Unemployment will rise in working class and deprived areas. Worker rights are likely to be undermined. As a lab party member I can’t vote for that. It’s not a GE 
This letter is so remarkable, not merely for what it says but that it was sent JOINTLY by the CBI and the TUC.This is no less unprecedented than Labour and Conservative MPs sharing a platform - another first accomplished by Brexit.When are the Tories going to get it?  
The UK has NEVER been on its own to the extent that it would be after Brexit. For hundreds of years we had the empire, and when that started to disintegrate after WW2 we quckly joined EFTA and then the EEC. We have ZERO experience of what lies ahead.#StopBrexit 
Extremely disappointing that the #SNP have once again shown themselves to be more interested in forcing #indyref2 on Scotland than seeking agreement on the EU Withdrawal Bill. Nicola Sturgeon snubbed a last minute #Brexit deal that her ministers agreed.  
This ecovandalism must be halted. @SheffCouncil are a bastion of environmental illiteracy. Time for change. Vote carefully on 3rd May. Sheffield Labour will see this as a referendum on their tree madness. Their mendacity is clear. @TheSadSquirrel #SaveSheffTrees #sheffieldissuper 
So. Apparently the data they spent a million quid on was useless. They didn’t use it on Trump. The Brexit pitch failed. And the clincher: ‘Cambridge Analytica is no Bond villain.’ Phew. Glad we cleared that up 
To stay in a post-Brexit Customs Union is insane.Like getting divorced but:Still paying your ex-wife's bills, Still letting her rule your roost, Letting her veto your future dates. And you get nothing in return.I wonder at the motives of the traitors who suggest it.  
To be fair, this idea came from @HuntedTeamNick !  It's a great idea. So much time and money wasted on Brexit only to make us poorer in the end.  Stop it for an NHS remain dividend#NHSremaindividend 
The fog of #BrexitLies is clearing. More & more people find the courage to admit #Brexit is a mistake & we must #StopBrexit.We need deeds not mere words. As #MillicentFawcett said, "courage calls to courage." Make more noise! Join the Jun 11th protest. The time is now.#vote100 
Great idea from Jessica Simor @JMPSimor: the gov has ‘put aside’ £12BILLION for EACH YEAR of the next FIVE YEARS as a ‘resilience fund’ to cope with the damage of Brexit. (Yes, really.) So, Stop Brexit & give it to the NHS instead: it’s £250m a week, 2/3 of the Boris Johnson lie. 
This is a bitterly divided country & will continue to be so if Brexit is allowed to go ahead. No one, apart from the very very few who campaigned for leave, will gain, we will ALL lose. A shitstorm is coming & Corbyn & May are doing nothing to stop it. 
Lord Heseltine -  You've got to know what you're trying to achieve in life... I believe #brexit is the most disastrous peacetime decision of the modern age & anything I can do I will do to stop it... full stop! end of story! #StopBrexit #FBPE 
The disruptor-in-chief strikes again, undermining and overruling her Brexit Minister who was ready to do a deal with UKGov in favour of manipulating division  
I AM very worried and have been since before the referendum. This gov cannot be trusted with anyone's rights. This is unacceptable. Stop trying to pass the buck @theresa_may @AmberRuddHR YOU are responsible. #Windrush #citizensrights 
Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  It is 107,000 Signatures & not a single mention by any British media. RETWEET! THE MEDIA IGNORE US. 
Watching @feorlean @scotgov #brexit statement in Scottish Parliament. What a shame that neither @ScotTories nor @scottishlabour spokespersons can rise to the importance of the occasion & must behave in such a petty tribal fashion #ScotlandsPlaceInEurope 
Little Owen Jones is reporting on facebook that a poll due out on Thursday is bad news for Labour.#ABTV will work folks. Labour leadership will see the light when all of those loaned votes go to pro-Remain parties. One big push on 3rd May and we will put a big dent into Brexit. 
Nicola Sturgeon has snubbed a Brexit deal and put her narrow nationalist agenda before the good of the country.  
We live in a strange world where of you are a leftist you can call Tory voters c*nts, be a ‘comedian’ and abuse a woman referring to her as a ‘twat’, or be anti-Semitic and it’s ‘as you were.’ But if you are on the right and want to talk policy, or Brexit you are a ‘fascist.’ 
As each day passes #Brexit is proved to be the apogee of stupidity in the UK. It must not succeed.  
.@Feorlean: "It would be an outrage if the UK Government decided to use what the people of Scotland did not vote for – Brexit – to undermine what we did vote for: devolution" 
How terribleMonkfish and new potatoes.Megrims pan fried.Hake grilled with butter.Prawns/langoustine with dip.Yes you're right #Brexit will be such a hardship eating more of superb stuff we catch but export for people to "really enjoyed on holiday..."#Reamonersaremuppets 
Hi? Are you a man who’s tweeted your support for #repealthe8th using #Men4yes?1stly:  thank you! 2ndly: you may want to consider subscribing to our blocklist set up specifically to deal with anti choice abuse in the run up to the referendum:  
Jacob Rees-Mogg pulls no punches in his scathing attack on the government's "completely cretinous" post-Brexit customs proposal: "It's a betrayal of good sense."He's right! Out must mean out. No halfway houses!  
34 Labour MPs represent constituencies where 66% or more voted to Remain. You, at least, should be speaking out against the Brexit shambles. Message to ALL Labour MPs: Stop playing 'Follow my Leader'. LP Members and supporters want to #stopbrexit @UKLabour @Labour4EU 
#brexit Emily Thornberry & Owen Jones teaming up, the new dream team for Labour.  The dream team from HELL !!!!! These two comedians, will destroy Labour on there own. Don’t need no help from anybody. Hopeless  MP and halfwit useless journalist.  
My daughter, on why we don't see many of the young at anti-Brexit marches. Worth a read & some reflection.Please follow Libby @LibbyCherry98@Femi_Sorry @Andrew_Adonis @GuitarMoog @chrisgreybrexit @jonlis1 @JMPSimor @ottocrat @IanDunt @HenryCPorter 
It's not just luxury items that have been affected. A 500g tub of Lurpak butter would have cost around £2.40 before the referendum.TODAY IN TESCO IT WILL COST YOU £3.75That's a whopping 56% increase in less than two years. No one voted to be poorer!  
Always voted Labour. I refuse to now because of their support for brexit 
#EUsuperheroes no.53 is @Andrew_Adonis "He has embarked on a listening tour of the top 100 top #Brexit voting constituencies to understand the issues that brought us Brexit. Calm and understanding of the political landscape."Check out all our heroes: 
Regular reminder that @darrengrimes_ & @DanielJHannan are knowingly lying here.There've been informed many times exports from most of poorest 3rd world countries to EU tariff-free under the progressive "Everything But Arms" & other partnerships.#Brexit - nothing left but lies.  
It was a pleasure to hear the stories of @RemainerNow Leave voters who now support a People's Vote on the Brexit deal in Parliament! @BenPBradshaw 
Lib Dem MEP @catherinemep says Home Office officials admitted they’ve only made the new ‘easy as LK Bennett’ registration app for EU citizens for Android. They told the Brexit steering group anyone with an iPhone would have to borrow someone else’s device. 
Voters defy the elite and call for the overthrow of the EU. Thousands of people sign a petition calling for a referendum on the Lords. Democratic daring is in the air. And what is Labour doing? Bickering over which of its middle-class factions should lead it. The left is so over. 
The Spanish government will veto any Brexit agreement that does not give Spanish boats access to U.K. waters.The British Government will give in because fishing is not considered important. Vote Tory - get shafted. 
With less than a year until the UK leaves the EU, people and enterprises across the island of Ireland are still facing uncertainty about the future of the Irish border.  Check out @cbicarolyn and @FrancesOGrady 's letter in @thetimes  - #Brexit  
We've had enough of #Germans over the years trying to tell us what to do. Stick to the footy, #Jürgen your opinion on our #FREEDOM from the corrupt #EU is not wanted or required! #Liverpoolfc #Liverpool #JurgenKlopp #BBC #SKY #LBC @LBC #Brexit #FA #Football #PremierLeague 
Jacob Rees-Mogg speaking at an @OpenEurope event says post-Brexit our immigration policy mustn’t favour EU citizens over others. Says it’s a “racist” policy favouring white immigrants over others given Europe’s ethnic composition.He’s right. Let’s end passport discrimination. 
Govt says ‘no connection’ between food banks and failures in benefits system. Planet Brexit ....  
End of the LORDS? House of Lords ABOLITION to be debated by MPs after Brexit fury petition  
300 years ago, the Scottish Parliaments hand was forced due to the Act of Settlement and Alien Act.300 years later, the Scottish Parliaments hand is forcing the UK to either allow Scotland to stay in the SM and CU or face another referendum.The SNP - Standing Up for Scotland! 
I was living overseas when Brexit happened and I wasnt worried one bit. Anything built on such stupid, ignorant lies would surely never go through. And I sat in the staffroom in tears as the results came out. Dont rely on what you hope will happen. Go out and vote #repealth8th 
The government has launched a recruitment drive for nurses in the Caribbean to plug the gap left by Brexit - in spite of its treatment of the current Windrush generation  #Windrush #NHS 
The message is sinking in. A vote for the #LibDems at local elections will give you a hard working councillor and send the the pro- Brexit Parties, labour and the Tories a firm message that we want a #peoplesvote and to #exitfrombrexit #StopBrexit #ABTV 
You might remember that @David_Cameron chap. He was Theresa's boss for 5 years as the hostile environment deepened. As Windrush unfolds, and the consequences of his Brexit vote become clearer, it seems is wasn't just a pigs head that got screwed. 
Windrush, Grenfell, Labour antisemitism and Brexit xenophobia.Great Britain needs to earn its title back because it feels like Shame Britain at the moment. 
Brexit winners; Farage & hedge fund disaster speculators.Well done Nigel, hope you enjoy your Euro pension. It’s gone up in value since the pound tanked, after the EU advisory referendum  
"Remainers and EU negotiators are ganging up in a push to reverse Brexit through the back door"  
Following a petition condemning the House of Lords' disgraceful efforts to stop Brexit, MPs will now debate whether or not to abolish the House completely! 
If the #ECJ retains power over our courts post #Brexit the #UK will not have regained the #independence in all areas of law, government and public administration that I and 17.4 million people voted for. You either have independence or you do not. It is non-negotiable. 
OF COURSE IT IS !!..If only the idiots would realise that !!..Brexit only benefits rich Tories and their paymasters !!  #FBPE #StopBrexit #StopTories #ABTV 
May's Brexit aides...- Gavin Barwell, Remainer who blames Brexit for him losing his seat- Olly Robbins, Remainer behind customs partnership turkey- Ed de Minckwitz, Remainer who worked for Stronger In- Denzil Davidson, Remainer who helped negotiate Cameron's deal with the EU  
Are you genuinely happy that .@DamianCollins admitted to .@SODEMAction that there had been ‘some Russian interference in Referendum’? Well I’m not so I’ve signed this. Hope you will too and RT .@carolecadwalla @J_amesp @JolyonMaugham @TheNewEuropean 
I'm voting yes because 49 women from my own county had to travel abroad for an abortion in 2016. Because the state shouldn't control a woman's pregnancy. And because I have a 17 year old sister that can't make her voice heard in this referendum. Get out and vote. #men4yes 
.@alfdubs has tabled an amendment to the Brexit Bill, to ensure a route to family reunion for child refugees in Europe isn’t closed by our Government. We need you to email a Peer in the House of Lords to make sure they turn up to vote in favour on Monday  
Great to welcome to Parliament  Leave voters who have changed their minds on #Brexit  & hear their stories #RemainerNow @RemainerNow #PeoplesVote @peoplesvote_uk 
Glad to see that University of Hull students are becoming part of a growing movement of young people across the U.K. who are taking action on Brexit! #FFS 
The highest turnout was among the group least likely to be in work.Please try and tell me that's a coincidence.Now ask yourself: Might the decision to hold the referendum on a weekday have affected the result?  
"When we split and one goes in this direction and one goes this way, there are problems" - Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says Brexit, and Donald Trump, are "not the solution".Watch the extended interview here:  
‘A Miscarriage of Government’ – Osborne Treasury’s Brexit Predictions out by £100 Billion   
Sorry, why 2 years after the #brexit referendum are we still debating a 2nd referendum. The decision has been taken. We are LEAVING!!! #bbcdp 
Will be updating @ScotParl  this afternoon on current state of negotiations on EU Withdrawal Bill & #Brexit . 2.20 likely start time depending on duration of urgent questions 
I work very hard, daily, not to let the thought of what the future holds for us as a country get me too down. But the utter state of this Full English / Cooked Brexit is just about the bleakest reminder I’ve seen. What on earth have we done to ourselves?  
We can look forward to much more after Brexit:More food banksEvictionsDebtPovertyHomelessness UnemploymentWaiting listsTax avoidanceAndSome richer peopleWhy aren't we just getting on with it?#FBPE 
Ha ha ha. Spain’s FoMin: “Maybe the separatists didn’t spend public monies for the referendum directly, maybe they did so indirectly...” And maybe we were just doing the Jedi mind trick. Or maybe we just wished really, really hard.  
Could Britain stand another vote on Brexit?It is Parliament, not a fresh referendum, that is most likely to derail Britain’s exit from the European Union 
"A short-term exposure to Corbyn would be less damaging to this country’s interests – and I’d say my party’s – than a long-term exposure to Brexit under this government.”  
Hats off to @The3Million - Italian chap here at the Home Office hearing speaking eloquently in fluent English to MEPs about Brexit immigration system. They did this off their own backs without funding and should be proud. @BritishInEurope also fantastic. 
IT IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCEto vote twice in elections in the UK!But who is going to police it?Answer; NOBODY!This is why we need a foolproof ID system with barcoded and thumbprint cards!God knows how many corrupted votes went unnoticed during the last election and referendum? 
The royal baby serves as a poignant reminder of how big issues can get covered up in Britain - and there's plenty more distractions to come  #Royalbaby #Politics #Windrush #Brexit #FoodBanks 
1. If (as no doubt you are, honest) following Customs Union Hokey Cokey, there are lots of conversations going on about it this week certainly, but it’s not on Brexit cttee agenda tmrw - pencilled for next week 
The BBC has been engaged in an all-out war to undermine Brexit  
90% of London’s 100 largest law firms think that Brexit will have no significant impact on profitability or employment levels  
End of the LORDS? House of Lords ABOLITION to be debated by MPs after Brexit fury petition  
The Prime Minister is said to be threatening to resign as a major row over #Brexit breaks out 
No deal Brexit - 2,800,000 fewer jobs / £158bn loss per yearTrade agreement Brexit (but outside the single market) - 1,750,000 fewer jobs / £99bn loss per year Soft Brexit - 700,000 fewer jobs / £39bn loss per year Remain in EU - No impact on jobs / No £ loss per year.  
“Brexit has brought the Irish border back to the centre of politics in Northern Ireland & the consequences of this are impossible to manage from Westminster alone.”@hayward_katy helps examine the impact of Brexit on the remain-supporting areas of the UK:  
This is utterly crazy - Birmingham Council bosses prevented its European and International Affairs team from telling the truth about #Brexit in case people were influenced into basing their vote on... the truth. You couldn't make it up. #StopBrexit 
Well, said Jurgen Klopp... 2016 Brexit promises didn't add up. They were a mess. So people deserve to get a vote on the reality of whatever deal Theresa May brings back. #PeoplesVote 
Seriously. She's not PM because of Milicent Fawcett, she's PM because no man in her party wanted to eat the poo sandwich of delivering Brexit. #TheresaMayResign 
A poll now shows the 4% lead for Leave at the EU referendum has been turned into a 5% lead for Remain because people have a clearer idea of the complexity and impact of leaving the EU. Time for a Vote on the Final Deal, a People's Vote. #Brexit #FBPE 
Thoroughly enjoyed last night with Islington In Europe (@IslingtonIn)... speaking alongside @CraigBennett3, CEO of Friends of Earth, to packed room of activists. Great vibe discussing the new surge of energy around a #PeoplesVote that empowers the public to ditch Brexit.  
If you can, please join one of the SODEM protests outside Parliament this week, including today PM. It's important to get some good numbers out there!Please RT and promote in your own tweets. @SODEMAction#StopBrexit #VoteEU#Brexit #ABTV 
UK’s upper house of parliament hands May's government its third defeat over #Brexit in less than a week  
Things I’ve heard from UK managing directors in the past month:“We can’t plan for next year because we don’t know what will happen with Brexit.”“We don’t know what strategy to use with this bid as delivery is going to span Brexit.” 
Interesting speech by @MichelBarnier in Hannover last night, with a large focus on #Brexit. A few quick points that are worth noting with an eye to current 'impasse'.1/4 
Lets be absolutely clear, The Referendum, was rigged by excluding millions of Remainers. They deliberately  excluded 16+, Overseas Brits and 3 million tax paying EU Residents... all done by Cameron to satisfy Tory Headbangers.#FBPE#ABTV 
Moving to WTO rules would simplify Brexit negotiations, allow the UK to take back control and bring a shot of adrenaline to British manufacturers, says businessman Christopher Nieper on @BBCRadio4 
Getting increasingly angry listening to English people who have never set foot in Ireland, telling us what sort of soft border we are likely to have after Brexit and how it will be minimum inconvenience......there will be no border, soft or hard in Ireland. Irish Unity Now. 
This government is failing young people. They are destroying their opportunities with #Brexit, they are running our public services into the ground, and they are denying them the right to have a home of their own. Frankly, young people deserve better. 
The only way Brexit stops is if Article 50 is withdrawn - which the EU may agree to permit.Only then can we deal with any of the issues we face properly.Everything else is window-dressing. 
 A petition for a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords has grown to 100,000 in a matter of days! Now give the people a say!    Support us at  
What best serves our cause in the local elections? Voting only for parties that are anti-Brexit? Does support for anti-Brexit candidates, regardless of party send a message to their parties by adding pressure from within? Please retweet for bigger sample & feel free to comment. 
They say #Brexit is patriotic. Here is John Redwood advising the readers of his financial column to move their money out of the UK. All the better to make rich pickings in the event of the kind of no-deal Brexit he wants.#StopBrexit #VoteEU#ABTV 
‘I find Mrs May mystifying... she was against Brexit but launched herself into backing it’ Lord HeseltineHeseltine: Leaving the EU is “the most serious and destructive peacetime decision ever taken by the people of Britain”#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Oh the irony of watching Chloe Smith of the Cabinet Office getting in sly digs over electoral fraud when she's in a government in power due to the greatest fraud in UK political history, aided & abetted by the DUP who are up to their necks in it...beyond parody. 
I would rather be hungry, poor and free than well fed in chains, kissing globalist arses. This is what brexit is all about and why it will never go away. 
“Too many men don’t realise that they have a key role in this referendum. If they think they can stand on the sideline they are really saying that the status quo is OK."Seeing this on doorsteps a lot ("dunno/nothing to do with me")Irish men, we need you! Please stand with us!  
"People didn't vote to leave the customs union - let's not be bullied into it"Brilliant from #PeoplesVote campaigner @stellacreasy on why the Customs Union is critical in the Brexit debate: 
This is brexit in human form  
Heseltine: Corbyn would be no better at handling Brexit than May but a period in Opposition would be good for Tories  
In case you are not aware of it, May's cabinet is not split on #Brexit and has never been split on it. All of its members are against it and any media reports about the supposed 'split' are simply a distraction. This is an anti-Brexit government that has been ordered to bury it. 
I implore those still wanting a no deal Brexit to watch this.....#StopBrexit @Keir_Starmer @CBItweets @fsb_policy @FT @UKLabour @OFOCBrexit @CCHQPress @Anna_Soubry @PhilipHammondUK 
Let’s be clear — staying in the EU’s Customs Union means NO BREXIT.  If anything, it would be worse than EU membership.  Utterly pointless. 
Dear #PCPEU people, why are some of us Remainers so pissed-off with the Labour leadership? Well one reason is that in an average week many of us produce more criticism of Tory #Brexit than Labour has done since the referendum.#StopBrexit #VoteEU#ABTV 
Liam Fox has said that the UK had an “unbeatable recipe” of strong infrastructure and regulation that the EU can’t replicate after Brexit  
Good morning! Women: take a moment out of your day today to check if your father, brother, neighbour, friend, husband etc is informed and included in the lead up to the referendum. Men: get involved and support support support the women in Ireland #men4yes 
He's talking bollocks, as numerous twitter users who cross the border regularly have pointed out.You people are in serious denial about how your Brexit project is working out. 
Why Brexit is increasing marginalisation of devolved areas and aggravating political divisions in N Ireland & Scotland - our blog from our new paper by @hayward_katy and me 
Great letter underlining the need for a #FinalSay #PeoplesVote on the #Brexit deal. It may be divisive, but it’s the right thing to do. #FBPE #FinalSayForAll 
He’s rightly telling businesses to leave the UK, because all the Brexit team have done is fanny around.There’s a lesson to the world here, about trying to ride unicorns.  
#Brexit is the opposite of patriotic. The only foreign country which enthusiastically wants it is Russia which is interfering in our politics, is engaged in a hybrid war against democracy and has undertaken terrorism on our soil.#BrexitBetraysBritain.#StopBrexit #VoteEU #ABTV 
BREAKING: Britain is in surplus on its day-to-day budget for the first full fiscal year since the early 2000s  
WATCH: at our People's Vote launch last week, leading pro-European groups & academics explained why they are backing a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal. Please RT:  
Everyone who has spoken out on #repealthe8th should be proud. This referendum has come about because of people power: the marches, the writing, the murals, the personal stories.... I hope my son will grow up in a very different Ireland where the 8th is consigned to history. 
Last year 135,000 students from the EU studied at UK universities and a report by the Higher Education Policy Institute thinktank has estimated that numbers will drop by as much as 60% after #Brexit: 
EEA or CU + alignment better reflect the closeness of the 52-48 #brexit referendum result than the 100-0 hard Brexit currently being pursued, argues @rafaelbehr. A persuasive formula, I think.  
Canada Japan Mexico Just a few of the trade deals negotiated by the EU since the Brexit vote. Into Europe, into the world. 
Time for Liam Fox to be honest about trade!We're making it harder for our firms to trade in the markets they most rely on. Here's a list of the 20 biggest countries by GDP:Red = trade terms made worse by BrexitGreen = might be betterGrey = unlikely to be better  
Users of tax havens like Rees-Mogg should not be allowed to sit in Parliament. The use of tax havens is  a form of legalised crime against the British people. It is wholly disloyal and unpatriotic. #BrexitBetraysBritain#StopBrexit #VoteEU#Brexit #ABTV 
Men, if you think the 8th referendum is about healthcare, and that it's for a woman to decide what healthcare she needs, then you are a YES voter. We are delighted to have @RichieSadlier @Gordonwdarcy @AndyLeeBoxing @ConMurphySport and @kevinmcgahern launch our #men4yes campaign! 
"A Brexit deal that puts political expediency above the interests of Northern Ireland would be a blight on our future" - my joint statement with @cbicarolyn on the need to avoid a hard border. 
My last holiday before the referendum was a week in this hotel on the Costa Brava. Five adults sharing two rooms, all inclusive. It cost £2,386 then.TODAY THE SAME HOLIDAY WOULD COST £2,960.That's an increase of 24% in cost. Thanks to Brexit. 
Germany wants to help Britain's banks gain EU access after Brexit, but it needs concessions  
OFCOM SCANDAL: Motion I have tabled calling out chair Lord Burns & deputy chair Lady Noakes, who have been voting for Brexit in the Lords while Ofcom is supposed to be regulating the BBC on impartiality! I am also asking formal questions about conflicts of interest @Ofcom 
As @MrHarryCole pointed out last night, a petition for a referendum on abolishing the Lords has now reached the 100k "consider for a debate in parliament" mark. Seat-by-seat (top 20 shown) has a 76% correlation with the 2016 Leave vote...  
In 2016 the UK's imports from the EU were £82,000,000,000 MORE than our exports to the EUIf WTO tariffs were introduced  the UK would be £8,000,000,000 a year BETTER offUK should walk away and offer a free trade deal.EU would soon come runningWhy is the PM so weak on #Brexit?  
The problem with Theresa May is the same problem we had with David Cameron. She's not leading, she's following. She knows Brexit is unnecessary and stupid but she's too meek to say it, stop it, alter it. 
Get it right! Who's doing what to whom? Shame Brexit actually means Leaving Things that are Good for Us. Act now - before a historic mistake takes us the wrong way. #NotTooLate #RethinkBrexit 
Do you want a referendum to enshrine our water supply in public ownership ?#not1pipe #irishwater #right2water #todaysor 
Don't believe that anything but a small minority of Brexiters are racist Powellites. But they are dictating the pace of #Brexit and poisoning our culture, and the moderate Brexiters are doing NOTHING TO STOP THEM. All it takes for evil to flourish... 
Patricia makes an excellent point. For the hundreds of thousands of Britons who have retired to southern Europe, Brexit has effectively increased the cost of EVERYTHING by 15%.Those 17.1m who voted for this should maybe have a whip-round.  
EXCLUSIVE: "The US is the country from which the UK earns the most through trade", says Office for National Statistics. Read our shocking #Brexit summary of this here:  
That #lufc pre-season tour in full again:Jun 7 Tehran - Elite Republican Guard X1Jun 10 Pyongyang - Little Kim's ICBM SelectJun 14 Moscow - Vlad's Brexit Bully BoysJun 20 Washington - Covfefe Crew 
Theresa May defeated three times in one day on flagship Brexit bill - Sky News  
Come on Keir: go the whole nine yards. Stop Brexit.  
The Brexit majority watches unelected Lords neuter Brexit. A feeling of impotent rage is instilled. Our broken political system at work. 
“As we debate Brexit it sometimes appears that for many Remainers almost anything is preferable to resuming full responsibility for our own decisions in our own parliamentary democracy." Lord Howarth of Newport in the Lord’s yesterday. 
This very good write-up from @ChrisGiles_ in the @FT also illustrates some key differences between the Swiss situation and the Irish one post-#Brexit.  
You can't defend Brexit without lying, it just cannot be done!  
How's that "jobs first" Brexit going, Jeremy?How's that "red white and blue" Brexit going, Theresa?How's your patriotism today, Brexiteers? Good, is it? Feels nice?  
bbc online front page- not a single story about Windrush and State racism; no story about calls for Amber Rudd to resign, nothing about the Gov third defeat in 7 days on Brexit in the Lords. Jeremy Corbyn meeting a Jewish Group is there. The Beeb is now State run.#voteLabour 
Brexit distills down to a toxic odious liquor of: Blue fucking passports Xenofuckingphopia andFucking fish Where Brexit is concerned I am teetotal, not a drop will pass my lips.3rd May, tell Corbyn and May you don't want Brexit by not wasting your vote on Tory or Labour. 
Nigel Dodds on @BBCgmu talking about the naivety of those who believe remaining part of the CU or a hard border are the only solutions, yet his party demonstrated the ultimate in naivety by backing #Brexit for NI against the will of its citizens, pushing us closer to a UI. 
Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords The 100,000 votes has been achieved 
Will be at the the UK Home Office presentation to the Brexit Steering Committee in Brussels this afternoon to ask the questions on this and the registration process. Excellent briefing as usual from @The3Million . 
Sportsmen and broadcasters have joined forces to urge men to vote “yes” in the abortion referendum. #men4yes 
DISGRACE: Europhile Lords now back EU’s Charter of Fundamental Rights. No wonder the petition for a referendum on abolishing the House of Lords has just passed 100,000 signatures!  
My 4 year old explained a superhero game he and his friends play where Brexit is the Baddie. So wise these reception children! 
Especially after the #Windrush disclosures of the last week, nobody should accept anything less than the protection of our post-Brexit rights in ink, cast in the letter of the law. #equality #humanrights #EUWithdrawalBill #ukemplaw 
Yorkshire (in its entirety), Sussex (in its entirety), Greater Manchester, the West Midlands, Tyne and Wear, and the vast majority of English shire counties voted at the 2016 Referendum for the UK to leave the EU. There will be huge repercussions if MPs ignore them all. 
This caller did something no government minister has the guts to do, says @mrjamesob. He admitted he was wrong about Brexit.  
"USA IS UK'S BIGGEST CUSTOMER" - And UK's exports to the USA are growing 4 TIMES faster than to the EU. Read full #Brexit story:  @LiamFox @DExEUgov @BBCNews 
3/3 ballot box on 3rd May. Tell Corbyn and May that you don't want their rascist, fascist, xenophobic Brexit that only works for the very few, not the many. So no to Brexit, no to xenophobic policies, no to economic ruin on 3rd May. Do not waste your vote on Tory or Labour. 
."The WHOLE history of Brexit is one of her government getting itself into positions which are inherently unsustainable & then, after MUCH huffing & puffing, abandoning them.". 
"BARNIER'S GAME TO GAIN #BREXIT IN NAME ONLY" - Guest article by @rorybroomfield , Director of @BetterOffOut .  Wise words, reinforced only yesterday by Barnier's latest speech in Germany. Read it here:  
New Report: ‘The two remain-voting areas of the UK face being hard-hit by Brexit’. Check out report on Northern Ireland and Scotland from Scottish Centre for European Research @SCER_eu #Brexit  
."The image of Mr Davis being SECRETLY parachuted in & out has led to a deluge of criticism. It has reinforced the belief - rightly or wrongly - that London KNOWS little, and CARES less, about Brexit's effect here.". 
Are you one of the EU 3m?Or a voter under 20 years old?In 9 days, you finally get your say on Brexit.#ABTV. Vote TACTICAL. 
Theresa May's government claims that parliamentary defeats risk sabotaging Brexit. This argument is not convincing  
#Labour should recognise that the best #Brexit deal is no Brexit, says @TSSAunion leader @Manuel_TSSA 
#Corbynite #Labour Party says they might change their mind in Brexit if public opinion shifts.  The biggest public opinion poll is next Thursday May 3rd. DON'T  VOTE LABCONVote #ABTVtoStopBrexit 
Watch Tory MP Stephen Kerr struggle to describe the government's position on the customs union post-Brexit. He seems to be suggesting the UK should leave the CU but remain in a CU.... this new revelation catches Pete Wishart completely by surprise. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
“Only a tiny amount of trade crosses the Irish border”.  This article really highlights how incompetent the pro Brexit lobby are   
Peers in the House of Lords defeated the Government over Brexit legislation. The Tories were seking to restrict the transfer of EU human rights to UK law. They need to be stopped - they're using Brexit as a bonfire of rights that will leave us all poorer. #StopBrexit #r4today 
The debate is on. The Lords by obstructing #brexit have ironically  catalysed their own demise.RT to show your support, over 100k signed already   
“A Brexit deal that puts political expediency above the interests of N Ireland would be a blight on our future” Wise words from the leaders & representatives of business  @cbicarolyn & workers @FrancesOGrady in letter @thetimes 
#Brexit is changing UK devolution. By ignoring majority party&popular preference re: Brexit in both Scotland & NI, UK Govt actions:*deepen political divisions in each,*incr. tensions w/ Westminster,*worsen the challenges of withdrawal,*make it m.difficult to manage longterm  
Theresa May defeated three times in one day on flagship Brexit bill Not just 1 defeat for May in HOL last night, but 3! That makes 5 in the last week, in only 2 days of HOL debates, with 4 more debating days to go. 
A clear majority in #Harrogate want to Stop #Brexit @RichardSadler01 @AJonesMP 
Abortion happens to Irish women. All the time. This referendum is about recognizing something that is already a reality for women in crisis pregnancies. The hypocrisy. We aren’t better than other countries, we are, as usual, pretending. We’re good at that #RepealThe8th 
90% of London law firms now believe Brexit won’t materially impact on their profitability or head count.  Good illustration of UK ability to adapt.  
Thread that succinctly says it all about BBC failing in terms of its charter & its reputation as a serious news outlet. They still invite Brexit liars & dissemblers on, knowing they will tell lies, and then they let the liars get away with it. Every. Time.  
Remainers and EU negotiators are ganging up in a push to reverse Brexit through the back door, says @MelanieLatest  
This referendum is not on the morality of abortion. We are voting on whether to keep sending women & families on sad, lonely difficult journeys & ordering pills online w no medical supervision or care, or to look after them safely at home. @Together4yes #repealthe8th 
Hard Brexit would mean more and cheaper British fish – but there's a catch  
Brexit: deepening political divisions in N Ireland & Scotland, marginalising 'remain' voice & changing nature of devolution settlement - new paper by @hayward_katy and me 
“The Tories responded with a personal attack on the authors, both respected experts in their field, describing their paper as "lurid".” Ignore the personal attacks (@ScotTories stock in trade) & read this excellent paper #Brexit #ScotlandsPlaceInEurope 
Good morning. No, and I am not happy with Brexit, full stop. As my voting record shows, I am pro Customs Union and pro Single Market membership, and I believe the people of this country not just Parliament should get a vote (that asks if they want to stay in EU) on the final deal 
The tide has turned on Brexit–MESSAGE TO @theresa_may @jeremycorbyn THE PEOPLE DONT WANT BREXIT-Most Britons would vote to remain in EU if another referendum was held now-That’s the result of a major UK-wide survey of OVER 200k readers of local newspapers-BREXIT IS ALMOST DEAD  
Peers have inflicted three defeats in a single afternoon on Theresa May's Brexit plans  
It's an exciting time in the Lords when we seem to be more in tune with the general population than the Commons. We want to keep environmental and social protections NOW. Just in case Govt can't bring in all the replacement laws b4 Brexit. #EUWithdrawalBill 
Reminder to:@UKLabour @Conservatives @Keir_Starmer @jeremycorbyn@theresa_may @BorisJohnson @michaelgove that the public do not want your Brexit anymore.Vote for a party in the local elections that is not forcing Brexit on you.#ABTV#FinalSay 
Sir Nick Clegg spoke at the Annual Conference of the Dutch Group of Liberal International and VVD EP 2019 Election Manifesto Committee in The Hague: “Britain is a European nation, even #Brexit can not change that!”   
I am more worried that the Russians will trigger more unstable people to commit mass murder. This increases terror and has a horrific impact on countries economically and politically. The Brexit vote won because of border fears. 
In Brexit, Economic Reality Competes With Nostalgia for Bygone Days  
This is what happens in a Democracy or Republic when leaders with term limits attempt to skirt the rules & stay  LEADER ADMITS:  ‘I Was Wrong’: Armenian Leader Quits Amid Protests  #WorldWide #GreatAwakening #Qanon #TheRainMakers #AprilShowers #Brexit 
We've made it 100,527 so far. Let's keep it going. Send a strong message to Parliament.Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  
Don't fall for this. No one on the Labour front bench is talking about Remain. The fools just want a "better Brexit".#ABTV 
I’m so bloody sick of political party dogma, two party politics in the the UK that have not benefitted me or you. I want independence for Scotland, we can do so much better, no offence to my family friends, colleagues or clients, but Brexit is economic suicide. #getreal 
Leading London law firms relaxed about Brexit effect  
Indeed! Send a message to this Tory government and the weak and ineffective alleged 'opposition' that has aided and abetted it. Do not vote @UKLabour or @Conservatives on 3rd May. Tell Corbyn and May you do not want their Brexit.  
Labour should recognise that the best Brexit deal is no Brexit  
Andy Wigmore of  has blocked me. This was the tweet that flipped his lid.As I said, these #Brexit shysters are getting rattled.Keep rattling them, @carolecadwalla! 
When you hear someone say they still support Brexit.  
Just as @michaelgove said In the HOC recently, "We tried to get control of our fishing waters but the EU wouldn't allow it" When is this government going to understand that Brexit is about taking back control not asking the EU what we can have ? @theresa_may @DavidDavisMP 
Good news!After Corbyn enacts Brexit and deliberately tanks the economy you’ll get four extra days off from the job you haven’t got!  
John Redwood: Why so many former senior civil servants want to stay in EU?#EU laws &policies used by officials to block things elected Ministers want to do.Try pushing amendment or repeal &see how undemocratic it is!We voted to Leave this system#Brexit 
Brexit: in the beginning, there were tariffs - the EEC customs union got rid of the tariffs but it didn't get rid of border check posts. They were still there and being photographed long after the customs union was officially complete...  #Brexinfo. 
CBI chief slaps down @sajidjavid over call to abandon the Customs UnionThe Tories, the ex-party of business.#stopbrexit #VoteEU#Brexit #ABTV 
Let’s keep this going Please sign and retweet many thanks .....   Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  
Brexit britain calling... look at where the cries for reform are coming from. And look at London.  
Let them ponder a P45. It is time. Brexit changes everything. No place for this unelected house in a Sovereign nation. 
That will mean Australia won't be making any deals with the UK after Brexit. Isn't Brexit looking great so much for free trade with the rest of the world. The rest of the world want to trade with the EU not little England. How's that taking back control working out 4 May & co NOW  
The MAGGOTS in the #HouseofLords choosing to meddle in #Brexit yet again now trying to force us to keep the dysfunctional #CharterofFundamentalRights it's more important than ever to sign this #petition & force a debate so this SCUM is retired for Good!  
BOOM!!!!Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  
Here you go David. The European Union and the Single Market are two separate organisations. The EU referendum specifically only mentioned membership of the EU. It said nothing about leaving other organisations.If you have any problems with the diagram the feel free to ask.   
Jürgen Klopp has given one of the most eloquent and compelling quotes on why #Brexit makes no sense.  
At heart the Far Right #Brexit is all about the removal of our rights the HoL is doing the job that our supine MPs are failing to do, stand up for the UK against the false ideologies of Left & Right which are responsible for this #BrexitShambles...#FairVote #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Hannan repeating this Swiss border bollocks on Newsnight right now. He’s either totally uninformed - which would be staggering given how obsessed with Brexit he is - or is deliberately misleading millions of people. Appalling either way.  
My thanks to Sixth Form pupils from @DSL_London for inviting me to join them this evening and discuss Brexit.I was very impressed by the insight shown by the pupils, and the audience certainly shared that opinion.The pupils and the school are a credit to our community. 
Please Retweet & Share: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the #HouseofLords  #BBC #SKY @LBC #LBC @ConHome #ConservativeParty #TheresaMay #Labour #Tory #Brexit #LabourParty #UK #EU #Lords #Peers #UKIP 
Sad that good journalists on @BBCNewsnight allow D Hannan to blather utter untruths about EU/CustomsUnion/Turkey but unless you really know your stuff Hannam will give a BBC journos the runaround. @EvanHD @TonyHallBBCDG BBC journalism somehow has has lost it on Brexit alas  
Theresa May defeated three times in one day on flagship Brexit bill  
People losing jobs now because of Brexit must ask themselves one question. Would this be happening if @jeremycorbyn had opposed it? 
OFCOM SCANDAL: 3 more votes in Lords this evening on Brexit & Lady Noakes, Deputy Chair of Ofcom, voted with the Govt on all 3 - although Ofcom is regulator of the BBC! I have tabled motion calling this out 
Hmmm. Daniel Hannan says Turkey in THE customs union. Um no, it's in a customs union of a different nature with the EU. 13 months into Article 50 process & basic mistakes like this being made by legislators... #Brexit #Newsnight 
A football manager has a better grasp of the problematic #Brexit vote than Jeremy Corbyn. Well said, Jurgen! #LeaderoftheKlopposition Jurgen Klopp: Brexit 'makes no sense at all' - BBC News  
Read this & weep. Feel ashamed & say that’s enough. This is happening on our watch & getting worse each day. It’s cruel, heartbreaking & unacceptable. Each one is somebody’s son or daughter. In meantime, we burn money on Brexit...shame on us #homelessness 
Once again it takes one of our European friends to set out the UK’s problems.Jurgen Klopp is spot on about #Brexit & the need for a #finalsay #PeoplesVote referendum with an option to #ExitFromBrexit 
450 signatures to go until 100,000 on the abolition of House of Lords Referendum Government Petition.  
99.000 Well done all ......  Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  
With the U.K.’s role in EU defense set to end with Brexit, Spain put on a military display to show what it can do  
‘A Miscarriage of Government’ – Osborne Treasury’s Brexit Predictions out by £100 Billion   
Rolls-Royce is preparing to relocate the “signing off” of British-made airliner engines to Europe. This is designed to protect itself from the huge disruption caused by Brexit.  
House of Lords defeats government plans to scrap EU rights charter after BrexitAnother defeat for May’s Brexit as peers vote to safeguard our rights.Next, we need a #PeoplesVote to #StopBrexit and #Remain in the EU. 
Spanish judges accuse Catalan politicians of misuse of public funds without any evidence, while the Spanish government spends at least 90 M € from the pocket of Spanish taxpayers when trying to unsuccessfully paralyze the referendum.That is misuse of public funds.#Catalonia 
Jürgen Klopp says: “There was not one time in history where division creates success. So, for me, Brexit still makes no sense.”Well, the United States didn’t do too badly, did it? Our independence from the EU will be an enormous success.#ForTheNation 
Yesterday I tweeted about the Customs Union. I woke to an avalanche of insulting replies from #FBPE people. I was added to abusive and offensive lists. See my original Tweet and tell me it deserved such a response. #brexit p.s. One of best performing Tweets this month. Cheers!  
Excellent news - and entertaining to hear Lord Keen heckled as he splutters about “constitutional outrages”...his government having form on that matter !  May Suffers Fresh Brexit Defeat As Lords Vote To Keep EU Rights In British Law  
Here you go @tnewtondunn Hillsborough, Strangeways, Queen backing Brexit....oh, News of the World journalists hacked the phones of people including 7/7 victims and a dead schoolgirl.Don't they teach you to lie more sincerely at Marlborough College? 
May suffers three defeats in Lords over Brexit – as it happened  
‘What Brexit rebellion?’ Confident Iain Duncan Smith promises ‘Remainers will NOT win’   
Gerry Adams will return to Carrickmore next Monday night. Don’t miss his historic address."The only Brexit we want to see is Britain's exit from Ireland."  
British PM - a Pushover ...EU Agriculture Commissioner, Phil Hogan:“That’s why we’re very pleased in the European Union that we’re dealing with the prime minister of the United Kingdom [Mrs May], not with Mr. Rees-Mogg.”#Brexit #EU 
Veteran Tory Eurosceptic Sir @BillCashMP: The Customs Union rebels are very different to the Maastricht rebels. That rebellion was for a referendum. That rebellion was for the principle of self-government and against a treaty creating an EU government.  
Hoping the govt will be listening now after multiple defeats inflicted on #EUWithdrawalBill by the Lords, a result of not consulting, not listening in the first place. #Brexit Rigorous analysis & open debate are hallmarks of a mature democracy.  
A shameless lie from @sajidjavid. An advisory referendum cannot result in an instruction. And 37% isn't enough for a public sector strike according to your government. It certainly is not the British people. These #LeaveLies  are perverting democracy. #StopBrexit #Brexit  
Dear @DavidJonesMP and @susanelanjones are you happy about jobs at major local employer British Aerospace being threatened if Brexit happens?If smooth EU supply chains cannot be guaranteed, the UK will be frozen out of the market.FACT.  #BrexitReality 
Watch @krishgm's full 17 minute interview with Jürgen Klopp - on Mo Salah, motivating players, Brexit, Trump - and how to win and how to lose  
Just watching channel 4 news , and it is real news, Inc Brexit & Homeless stories. I have just realised that much of @bbc news is fantasy escapism, designed to reassure old lady's that things are ok. Maybe I'm being a bit harsh. 
Jurgen The German's not happy with the Brexit result and wants us all to vote again.Well, I'm none too chuffed that the Scousers beat West Ham on penalties in the 2006 FA Cup Final. Are we gonna replay that too until I get the result I want?#KloppOut 
Renew councillor James Cousins speaks with conviction at #BattleForWandsworth about our party’s belief that Brexit will harm local livelihoods  
.And into this the UK government lobs the Brexit grenade.  
Yet another sector of the UK economy where #Brexit could be devastating:  
FT View: After Brexit the UK must keep its borders open to European trade  
Morten Morland on Theresa May, Brexit and the Royal baby arrival - political cartoon gallery in Putney  
Brexit could be worse: we could be negotiating with Jacob Rees-Mogg, EU says  
Apparently, in  NAT World, if Westminster blocks another Independence Referendum, it is going against the wishes of the people. I may be going out on a limb here, but I would think more than 2 million people would back Westminster on this decision 
In voting yet again to weaken the Brexit Bill, the unelected House of Lords has declared an elitist revolt against a government elected by 13m people and a Leave vote backed by 17.4m people. Time for this rotten institution to go, says Brendan O’Neill.  
Britain should leave the Brexit talks if the EU refuses to be constructive:  
Most Britons would now vote to remain in the #EU if there was another referendum held next week, according to a major new survey of over 200,000 readers of local newspapers across the country. Please RT @Jon_Danzig’s report. Link:  #PeoplesVote #ExitBrexit 
"The four freedoms of the Single Market go together. They are all indivisible. You cannot have free movement of services without free movement of goods, and so forth. And you cannot have free movement of goods without free movement of people." - Barnier 
"The idea that somehow the British people were misinformed about Brexit is absolute nonsense" ~ IDS  
IDS was keeping the option of a 2nd EU referendum open when he thought Leave were going to lose...  
Many would argue you are heading "back" to a country which is run by a xenophobic, nationalist government intent on bringing the country to its knees by following through on a disastrous Brexit. But it would be hugely interesting to see what your thoughts are 6 months in. 
The @FineGael Abortion Referendum seeks to delete the constitutional right to life of every unborn child from May 26th 2018 onward.Republicans, Trade Unionists, & activists of the left will launch Cherish  all the Children Equally VOTE NO Campaign tomorrow, 1.30pm, GPO in Dublin  
I remember this guy. He repeatedly declared to a confused nation that Brexit would be unimaginably fantastic, before covertly advising his business chums to get their money out of the UK before the ship sinks.What a patriot.  
97.000 already signed, only another 3000 to go. Please sign and retweet. Thank you very much.  Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  
Petition for referendum on abolishing House of Lords passes 90,000 signatures (the petition is inside this article)  
We currently have an Indy majority in Holyrood. ScotParl has voted for an IndyRef before Brexit. The SNP has a triple-lock mandate. Here is how hard-won that situation has been. We cannot afford not to use it - there are no guarantees it will always be so. #Referendum2018 
MP’s opposing Brexit & trying to trap us in the customs union need to be sacked.They had their chance to argue against Brexit, take part in debates & make their point to voters & they still lost. It is time to oust out of touch, arrogant,remainers from Parliament. Unfit to serve  
No second referendum shouts party demanding second referendum.  
Make "Brexit Day" a national holiday, says @Nigel_Farage #FarageOnLBC 
Just returned from Trade related trip to US, Dean; helped broker a deal saving jobs at Bifab, and working on a Scottish National Investment Bank. Aside from personalised attacks, and pursuing a disastrous Brexit, what have the Tories, who control much of our economy, done? 
Betraying Brexit voters is playing with fire 
May is on watch. Cave and she'll be challenged. Hold the course, and she'll be gone before the next GE anyway. If she wants a legacy she had better deliver a dynamic Brexit unbeholden to the EU. Otherwise, her write-up could include the words 'capitulation' and 'lost opportunity' 
If you live here, and are not born here, be very afraid of a Tory hard-brexit. Your civil and human rights will count for nothing and you are very much in the queue to be scapegoated when the economy fails. The government is institutionally racist #Mayisaracist 
House of Lords defeats again UK government over EU Withdrawal Bill, voting by 316-245 on incorporating the European Charter of Fundamental Rights in UK law if Brexit happens  
The European Court of Human Rights?I’m really confused. A majority of this country voted to leave the EU. Brexit happened. Britain now stands alone.Yet people wanna holler European judges? For what? Lol it don’t work like that. The rest of Europe don’t care anymore.  
.@columeastwood has challenged the British Prime Minister Theresa May to finally face down the minority of Brexit extremists.The choice boils down to being held ransom by Boris Johnson and Liam Fox or finally getting rid of them. Read:  
Theresa May suffers third Brexit defeat in Lords  
Lib dem peer @KishwerFalkner was shouted down in the House of Lords for pointing out that the EU Customs Union post-Brexit would not make sense, as: "The bulk of UK trade currently is with the rest of the world."  
Tonight's #Brexit victories in @UKHouseofLords are a damning indictment of the Government's approach to our #HumanRights. Congratulations to all who voted to protect them, and the organisations and campaigners who have worked tirelessly behind the scenes 
Quite right. There was a @BBCNews Web article recently and this chart formed part of the detail. As you can see, it's the Non-voters who've now moved to #Remain that have given Remain a lead now. Have voters changed their minds about Brexit? -  
For sake of the nation we need to hold MPs accountable: democracy means a change of mind on Brexit is possible @mikegalsworthy #PeoplesVote 
Mr Klopp, please keep saying this. But just one thing, this is not a rerun or a 2nd referendum, this is the first say on the Brexit deal. Anyway thank you for your support  
chipping away at Brexit  chip...chip...chip... 
BREAKING: @ukhouseoflords has voted to keep rights of action based on the general principles of EU law after #Brexit too. So if your fundamental rights are infringed by domestic law, a judge can strike it down 
Look closely at the Windrush fiasco and peer into a post- hard brexit dystopian world of Toryism, where human rights are shredded, values are monetised and dissent is criminalised. We are staring into the abyss with this racist, perverted and criminal gang, unless we remove them. 
Theresa May has suffered 3 defeats on the EU withdrawal bill in the House of Lords.The most significant came when peers voted by a majority of 71 to keep most of the EU charter of fundamental rights in domestic law after Brexit. 
With the Lords choosing to meddle in Brexit yet again tonight - now trying to force us to keep the dysfunctional Charter of Fundamental Rights - it's more important than ever to sign this petition & force a debate.Support us at  
So what's happing on twitter?Brexiter football supporters going nuts over an interview where Jurgen Klopp says the UK should change its mind over Brexit. 
. @Manuel_TSSA has a simple proposal for Labour: the best deal is no #EU Brexit. Time to fight for Britain to stay in the EU  
"This will push us through Brexit,” said Darren, who had come out of a hospital ward, still in his pajamas, for the announcement of the royal baby's birth. “A lot of countries respect our monarchy. It makes us look solid. It makes us look staunch.”  
.@joswinson backing the Tories. Shocker. Her party is demanding a second EU referendum and asking the SNP to support this call, but is also demanding that the SNP don't demand a second #ScotRef Lib Dem logic. 
Brexit makes no sense and Britain should vote again, says Jürgen Klopp. Intelligent and classy man.   
Tories Organise Seance To Get Margaret Thatcher Brexit Advice  
Plenty of rain in West Tyrone but our spirits certainly haven’t been dampened after such a positive canvass. People here want change. They want a strong voice that will go to work. A voice that will vote against Brexit #McCrossan4MP 
We have another win against Brexit! @LibDemLords votes played a crucial role in passing an amendment to help keep the #CharterOfFundamentalRights in UK law. #ExitFromBrexit #FBPE @LibDems 
95k Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords.Please Sign and Share.  
Council has passed a motion calling on UCDSU President to lobby UCD President Andrew Deeks to close the University on 25th May to facilitate voting in the referendum on the 8th Amendment. 
Klopp firmly against Brexit and seemingly firmly in favour of Lovren. Lads with numbers in their usernames are going to be fuming. 
Wow, this petition has nearly the 100,000 signatures needed to force a parliamentary debate on a referendum on the eradication of the House of Lords. See what happens to the peers when they abuse their power to try and stop the will of the people?  
MAJOR BREAKING: Spanish prosecutor announces criminal charges against 9 Catalan teachers for having talked about the October 1st referendum police violence to their students. 
All things being considered, I am no closer to accepting Brexit than when I voted to Remain on 23rd June 2016. I will not be supporting any political party that puts my country, my city & my community at risk just to serve an undeliverable racist agenda. 
May is chasing a fantasists’ Brexit. She must change course now | Rafael Behr  
Today the House of Lords voted to weaken the Brexit Bill, for the third time in a week. These unelected peers should not have the right to interfere with legislation drawn up by the elected government or with the vote for Brexit. Sign this petition now!  
Wasn’t the Commonwealth meant to be Brexit’s new Best Friend Forever? In which case, how could the authorities and ministers let the Windrush saga happen?  
Patrick O'Flynn MEP - "The EU always seeks to tighten its grip in pursuit of an ever closer union. This attitude led to Britain’s vote to leave and will lead longer-term to a procession of departures." #Brexit  
"When we split and one goes in this direction and one goes this way, there are problems" - Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says Brexit, and Donald Trump, are "not the solution".  
Another Great British company may have to move mainland Europe because of the madness of #Brexit. Didn't see this on Boris’s bus.  
Britain, the kingdom which absolves itself of the horrors of slavery and over two years of open, daily Brexit racism by being outraged on behalf of Windrush for a week.Makes me fucking sick. 
The 2018 election is going to be a referendum on Hillary Clinton? | Analysis by @CillizzaCNN  
David Davis visits the Border but avoids meeting me as local M.P. Obviously afraid to face the truth about Brexit.  
House of Lords defeats government plans to scrap EU rights charter after Brexit316 voted in support of the motion to retain the EU Charter of Fundamental Rights compared to 245 who opposed it.#StopBrexit #FBPE #EUwithdrawalbill 
Essex voted Leave.Essex at the EU Referendum. Counts took place on 23 June 2016 at 14 local authorities across the county.619,956 voted for the UK to Leave the EU (62.2%)376,371 voted for the UK to Remain (37.8%). 
Theresa May, Michael Gove, and now David Davis have secretly parachuted in and out of the north in recent months on their whacky #Brexit mission - I wonder why they never notify media to accompany them on such flying visits?  
Lords just voted to maintain the Charter of Fundamental Rights within British law if Brexit happens 
BREAKING: @UKHouseofLords has voted to keep the EU Charter of Fundamental Rights after #Brexit!  
BREAKING: House of Lords inflicts another defeat on the Government over EU Withdrawal Bill, this time by 316-245 on incorporating Charter of Fundamental Rights in UK law after Brexit. 
#Brexit: majority of voters in the #NorthEast wants to at least stay in the European #singlemarket 
BREAKING: House of Lords votes to keep the Charter of Fundamental Rights after #Brexit, dealing another major blow to the Government. Huge victory for the people and our rights. #PeoplesClause 
Will somebody wake me up please and tell me this is not happening in my country. @DavidLammy MP now receiving letters telling him to ‘go back where he came from’.This is abhorrent and has been fuelled for years by the same people who support #Brexit.#StopBrexit#PeoplesVote 
Yet ANOTHER Brexit defeat for Theresa May in the Lords as peers vote by 316 to 245 to keep EU charter of rights 
BREAKING: Peers vote 316-245 (Majority of 71) for amendt 15 to #EUWithdrawalBill re: retaining #CharterofFundamentalRights post-#Brexit - a cross-party move sponsored by Pannick XB, Goldsmith LAB, Ludford LD & Deben CON 
“Compared to Remain supporters, twice as many Leave backers said in the survey they would switch sides if a second referendum were held tomorrow”Also check out data on S.Mkt & satisfaction re negotiations#remainernow #peoplesvote 
Brexit can only assume its human form when a royal baby is born  
Great that Jurgen Klopp, @LFC manager backs a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal. #ynwa Please RT: 
If brexit happens I’m claiming asylum #StopBrexit 
"As long as we stick together as Europeans, everything can be sorted in the future" - Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp tells @krishgm that Brexit, and Donald Trump, are "not the solution".  
Jurgen Klopp believes Britain should hold a second referendum on Brexit. (@LivEchoLFC) 
Theresa May could resign if she loses a vote on leaving the customs union after Brexit..... What Fantastic News.... why not resign now, and do us all a favour  
"Let’s think about it again and let’s vote again with the right information – not with the information you’ve got around the Brexit campaign"  
I'm sorry & I hate being cynical but the PM announcing a Day of Remembrance 4 Stephen Lawrence rings so hollow. Wouldn't it have been so much better if she'd not supported policies & actions of othering & dehumanising, made worse by a #Brexit based on trashing rights & democracy 
Sinn Féin’s MP team and National Brexit Strategy Group in Omagh this morning joined the campaign on the streets and the doors Managed to convert some of them to Tyrone supporters 10 days to go #Órfhlaith4MP 
Referendum: Will ya have a bit of bodily autonomy there?Ireland, 1983: Ah no i won't i'm grandReferendum: You sure now?Ireland, 2018: Ah gwan so 
Republicans believe the 2018 election is going to be a referendum on.....wait for it.....HILLARY CLINTON! 
This is ‘Project Fact’. #Brexit is making the UK less attractive to firms. 200 big co’s are following Unilever’s lead in HQ relocation talks. This isn’t a “jobs first Brexit”, only JOB LOSSES #Brexit! @theresa_may must grant the public a vote on the deal. 
Klopp believes Britain should hold a second referendum 
Norfolk voted Leave.  Norfolk at the EU Referendum. Counts took place on 23 June 2016 at seven local authorities across the county.289,997 voted for the UK to Leave the EU (58.3%)207,010 voted for the UK to Remain (41.7%) 
someone just told me they backed Brexit to stop the monarchy being scrapped and now my vox pops are done for the day 
I explain what the Customs Union really means to us - and to those who voted #Brexit @Telegraph 
Greens, among other things, beefed up EU anti-money laundering laws last week as it was revealed UK Govt intervened to protect @LycamobileUK from a money laundering investigation because they're big Tory donors. Tories putting Party before justice doesn't bode well post-Brexit.  
The web-based version of the #Brexit FactBase goes live today.* clear, definitive, unbiased facts on Brexit * comprehensive* eBook format - easy to navigate* free to access* register at  
I'd like to hear the thoughts of people from abroad but who live in Ireland on the #repeal abortion referendum. I'm looking for voices from both sides of the debate, Yes and No. Get in touch spollak@irishtimes.com #journorequest 
90,000 call for referendum on abolishing House of Lords! But I can't see this happening, MP's wont let it happen  
Nonsense claims about post-Brexit fishing are smashed in this great piece by @SamuelMarcLowe. A 20-month transition isn't long enough b/c the facilities needed for Britain to export fish to the EU after Brexit currently do not exist. … 
Another very good piece from @skiduffer, and another example of the excellence of Irish media coverage of Brexit. 
Wait!!! What?!!! Has @DavidDavisMP, 20 months after becoming Brexit Secretary actually visited the Irish border?  
#BrexitBingo#StGeorgesDay+#ShakespearesBirthday+#royalbaby =The Gammon Rapture!While the Gammons & Gammettes salivate over a 10-page spread in the Kipper Express, get the message out about Anti-#Brexit Tactical Voting #ABTV on May 3rd in #LocalElections2018 - #VoteEU! 
If ever there was a metaphor for the unravelling chaos of the Brexit mistake it's David Davis sneaking to the Irish border, taking a photo and scuttling off back to London before affording a single journalist the chance to challenge his disastrous vision. @allianceparty 
John Redwood slammed Labour rebels' attempts to keep the UK inside the EU's customs union after Brexit – threatening one of the referendum's key pledges  
Could someone tell these people that Switzerland is in EFTA, has had free movement since 1999, joined the Schengen passport-free zone in 2008, uses the euro widely and has adopted the EU single market laws.  If this is Brexit, bring it on.  
Clean Brexit: Prime Minister Promises UK Will Leave Customs Union   
Brexit means:•promised £350m a week, instead having to pay billions•promised economic benefits, instead pound and growth are at their lowest•promised sovereignty, instead at the mercy of trade partners•promised global UK, instead getting lonely UK 
Project Fear's Brexit sums were wrong to the mighty tune of £100billion  
Brexit minister Steve Baker reveals how MPs can force Theresa May to accept fresh referendum because “parliament can always seek to amend motions” to only approve the withdrawal agreement struck with the EU “subject to a second referendum” 
It's great to see so many local newspapers running with stories about how their area is #RemainerNow.... it will help more Leave voters who may think they're alone in having seen the light to speak up and spread the word that Brexit can only damage our country. #PeoplesVote 
Brexit report was blocked by Birmingham chiefs before referendum to avoid swaying the outcome.God forbid that we should give the public data that would inform their decisions. 
So far as I am aware reporters weren’t told in advance about this visit & Brexit Secretary has now left NI  
"The scandal of the Windrush generation has sent a shiver down the spine of EU citizens in the UK and raised alarm in Brussels over their status after Brexit" writes @Claudiacomms via @EuropeStreet 
Strong call for another Referendum from a leading European law expert: "This is not the time for Parliament to try and find a middle ground. It is time for Parliament to allow the electorate to make a decisive choice".  
Ex-GOP lawmaker: "2018 elections will be nationwide referendum on President Trump"  
Was he laughing? The volume of his Brexit laugh is in inverse proportion to his confidence on the issue. He laughs a lot whenever your name is mentioned  
So apparently the royals have had a new baby. On St George's day and Shakespeare's birthday. Congratulations to them, and I'm glad it went well.How about christening him:George-William-Brexit-Saboteur-GFA-FTA-FFS-PeoplesVote-WheresMyCountry-StopTheMadness-FBPE-Windsor ??? 
The last referendum was a bit brutal on the aul' mental health. This one is even worse for a lot of people. I wrote up some ways I'm trying to mind myself better this time around if anyone needs ideas:  
The Tories have just granted themselves the power to bypass parliament on Brexit laws  The Beginning of a Tory Dictatorship State!  And the U.K. Public's Worst Nightmare begins! Decades of POVERTY! 
Truly astonishing revelations in the Times today. The #SNP met with Cambridge Analytica to discuss #Brexit ahead of #EURef. Full transparency is urgently needed from Nicola Sturgeon. 
I have tabled motions & questions about the undermining of the impartiality of Ofcom as broadcasting regulator by its head and deputy head, Lord Burns & Lady Noakes, in voting for Brexit in the House of Lords @Ofcom 
Brexit means leaving EU Customs Union. No ifs, no buts. That must now be delivered!  
Jürgen Klopp on why the people should have the chance to vote on final #Brexit outcome 
Congratulations baby, on an actually successful Brexit. 
Big Brexit Survey: Most voters think UK would benefit from staying in EU’s Single Market  
Someone tell Klopp that Callum Wright thinks his political stance, that falls very much in line with the large majority of our clubs fans and Bill Shankly - the biggest influence on our club, is wrong and he has to be ok with Brexit. 
Only in Telegraph world the Irish Border issue be described as "a useful weapon in the EU's armoury", and not as massive problem for everyone caused by something that was caused entirely by UK #Brexit policy. 
Do you know, it's been quite nice to be irritated by something other than Donald fucking Trump or Brexit for a few hours. A change really is as good as a rest. #RoyalBaby 
Sir Bill Cash nails it as per usual. ‘This leads to one simple conclusion and one simple message: any attempt to stop #Brexit (by unelected & unaccountable Peers) is in defiance of our democracy...’ and against what 85% of what people voted for in #GE17. 
No Brexiteer admitted that leaving the EU would mean leaving EASA... crucial to maintain membership: Rolls-Royce mulls European move as Brexit deal worries grow' | via @telegraph  
Permanent membership of the protectionist EU Customs Union would be Britain’s gravest national humiliation in generations — and we will hold PM to her Brexit red lines, says @TheSun 
My grandson studying law at UNI tells me he's afraid to open his mouth about being pro Brexit in his UNI from his lecturers down all remoaners the whole UNI being brainwashed..... 
Just over 93.000 got 7000 to go please sign and retweet Many thanks ...   Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords    
With the globalist-driven devastation reaching deep into the American working-class, Trump became our very own Brexit. What a difference one presidential election can make. 
This Jurgen Clop fella is a bloody piss taker isn't he? Plays reckless attacking football not even caring about keeping clean sheets in our beloved first division, then tells us Brexit is shit. He should be deported as a terrorist by sun down! 
I believe Brexit is the worst thing to happen to our country in my lifetime. I accept fully that many don't agree.However, nobody can argue the importance of such a decision. Therefore, let's make absolutely sure and vote again- with all the facts.Who's afraid of that? 
I know you'll say anything it takes to get Brexit over the line, now we are  so close, but you must know that people have seen photos of the "manned", "visible" border between Norway and Sweden by now? How do you think they police these import restrictions  
Brilliant @donaldgmcrae interview with Klopp.   Fascinating that Klopp says he is anti-Brexit, then in the next par describes how he goes against the spirit, maybe even the letter of EU Labour laws by favouring English employees. Complex all this..  
Seeing as we're still on this topic (!), NI/IRL #Border #Brexit analysis:Scenarios Local views 1998 Agmt  Customs Alignment 'Solutions'  
€1,000 of holiday spending money would have cost you £763.35 on 23rd June 2016.TODAY IT WOULD COST YOU £876.57.That's a 15% price rise in less than 2 years. Thanks Brexit! 
Tonight : Klopp on taking the blame when the team lose, the brilliance of Mo Salah and why Brexit and Trump are both big mistakes. #c4news 
He gets sacked for being Remain, while the Head and Deputy Head of Ofcom, both in the Lords, vote for Brexit - although they are the regulators of the BBC! This is likely to be one for the lawyers @Ofcom 
A majority of the public oppose Theresa May's hard Brexit plan to crash out of the Single Market. We need a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal.  
What a selfish, small-minded excuse for a PM Theresa May is. Her main concern is to stay in power. Her second concern is to appease rabid right Tories & the DUP who hold her to ransom. The national interest (avoiding a hard Brexit), even the Good Friday Agreement, can go to hell.  
The Mirror, the i and lots of local papers are today all running stories about their "big Brexit survey" which purports to show a majority of people want to remain in the single market. (1/...) 
Sadiq Khan says "only way to send the government a clear message is to vote Labour"That's what people did in 2017 GE. Did Tories listen? No. Because Labour's Brexit policy was/is virtually the same as Tory Brexit policy.Send a clear message to both: vote for neither of them.  
Derbyshire voted Leave.Derbyshire at the EU Referendum. Counts took place on 23 June 2016 at nine local authorities across the county.341,754 voted for the UK to Leave the EU (59.1%)236,213 voted for the UK to Remain (40.9%) 
Well, if a German football manager says Brexit is a bad idea, then that settles it: Brexit is officially called off. Stand down, everyone.  
92k Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords.Please Sign and Share.  
Look at our fabulous volunteers campaigning for a yes vote in the upcoming referendum! Find us on college green today, Wednesday and Friday between 1-5pm! #TogetherForYes #RepealThe8th 
A significant majority of Brits want the UK to stay in the European single market, the research reveals  #Brexit 
The government has hit back at a select committee report on food and drink after Brexit, insisting that leaving the EU is a "golden opportunity" for the sector  
Investment banks are increasingly hopeful they'll be allowed to manage most trades in EU operations out of their existing London bases after Brexit.  
Sadiq Khan says on Brexit "the only way to send the government a clear message is to vote Labour" in the local elections, but will it convince enough Remainers?  
Britain will not join EU customs union, reiterates Downing St. The PM had better stick to her promise, otherwise Brexit won't mean Brexit, Parliament would've wrecked it.#Brexit  
#Brexit 1. The drive to keep us in the #CustomsUnion is stupid on several counts. Firstly there is no remaining in it. A separate accord has to be brokered. No decision can or will be made on it until we have formally left the EU. The NI situation remains the primary concern. 
These numbers are still not strong enough. Not surprising when the BBC ignores everything negative about Brexit. It seems that many will only wake up once it's too late.#FBPE 
"2018 elections will be nationwide referendum on President Trump"  
We have spoken to people on the streets in the Valleys who have expressed a change in opinion from Leave to Remain and Leavers who expressed a desire for a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal. We deserve a voice on this!  
We may not support Liverpool FC here in Manchester, but on this subject  Jurgen Klopp is on the ball!  Brexit makes no sense and Britain should vote again, says Jürgen Klopp  
Seems to me like #Handshakes mean parliamentary system, which means constitutional change, which means referendum, which all means 'Stop Bill' S.Ruto long before 2022. Would be shame to tinker with Katiba to stop one man though. We tried that in 1976. Lets see how it unfolds... 
Great to welcome @SadiqKhan and @Keir_Starmer to Wandsworth this morning. Good discussions about how next Thursday’s local elections are the last chance for people to stop this extreme, chaotic Brexit deal  
Very pleased to finally join the mother of all anti-Brexit protests @SODEMAction and meet the amazing Steve Bray! 
Great interview w/ Jürgen Klopp: "History has always shown that when we stay together we can sort out problems. When we split then we start fighting. There was not one time in history where division creates success. So, for me, Brexit still makes no sense"  
It's been almost 2 years since brexit and I still have absolutely no idea what it was, probably some kind of braised short rib recipe or something idk 
Bang on from @LFC Manager Jurgen Klopp - calling for a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit Deal. #FFS#LFC #YNWA 
LORD BREXIT: O, I am slain! [Falls and dies]QUEEN THERESA: O me, what hast thou done?BORDER: I know not: is it the Brexity thing?QUEEN THERESA: O, what a rash and bloody deed is this!BORDER: A bloody deed! almost as bad, PM,As kill the peace, and love a free trader. 
"Rates of LGBT+ hate crime soared over the year following the referendum, whereas rates of prosecution simultaneously fell." 
Theresa May refuses to exclude NHS contracts from US trade dealsJust one of the reasons why the Tory Brextremists are willing to wreck the country in order to keep the UK out of the Customs Union.#StopBrexit #VoteEU.#Brexit #ABTV 
Jürgen Klopp: " The EU is not perfect but it was the best idea we had. History has always shown that when we stay together we can sort out problems. When we split then we start fighting. There was not one time in history where division creates success. Brexit still makes no sense 
Staying in the #CustomsUnion would not only be a betrayal of the #referendum result, but to do so would hold our country back and undermine the #economic and #political freedoms we will secure on 29th March 2019, writes @patel4witham  #PritiPatel #BBC #LBC 
Here's an alternative version of that excellent chart. It helps describe the UK's predicament relative to the rest of the EU. #Brexit #StopBrexit #FBPE #PeoplesVote #FinalSayForAll #ABTV #LE2018 #ABTV18 
3. The fantasy of reaping £350m a week for the NHS has been discredited . The #Brexit that is being implemented is not the one that was voted for & @theresa_may must grant the public a vote on the deal. (3/3) 
Jürgen Klopp has said that Brexit makes "no sense" and called for a second referendum on Britain staying in the EU  
"Any attempt to stop Brexit is in defiance of our democracy," writes Sir Bill Cash MP  
can’t believe the royal baby was born on St. George’s day and his first words were Brexit means Brexit 
It was entertaining & interesting to interview Jürgen Klopp about the "mighty battle" facing Liverpool - about Roma & Man City, Brexit & Angela Merkel,, Salah & Lovren. Klopp also spoke about wanting to be a doctor and why he couldn't do Mrs Merkel's job   
Juergen Klopp backs a #PeoplesVote on Brexit. I thought my love for him had reached its maximum potential. I was wrong. This article contains some of the most insightful, succinct analysis of Brexit that I've read so far.  
"There is not one time in history where division creates success... Let’s think about [Brexit] again and let’s vote with the right information."Well said, Jurgen Klopp. #PeoplesVote 
Getting a great response from students at UL in support of Yes in referendum, lots of interest in getting registered by 8th May @labour #repealth8th #ItsTime 
Racism is a learned behaviour and can be easily eradicated through education. I am grateful Tottenham have an MP like David Lammy. Politics has now sadly become more about religion and race rather than policy. Brexit has caused so much of this. 
For those who missed this in the Observer yesterday -Japan ambassador’s Brexit warning: the entire reason for Japanese investment in *Britain* has been easy tariff-free access to the EU's single market. @mrjamesob #LBC He's spoken about this on #r4today 
Jürgen Klopp on the Champions League semi-final against Roma, a three-hour chat with Mo Salah, his health scare ... and Brexit  
It's #ShakespearesBirthday and St George's Day today. Thanks to @EU_Remain_2017 for this play on the most famous #Shakespeare quote:To #ABTV or not to #ABTV— there is no question!Vote for pro-#EU parties on May 3rd. Kick pro-#Brexit parties in the ballots! Esp. #Wandsworth! 
Quite fun watching Brexit fanatics rule out customs union membership while seemingly unaware that the backstop solution exists. 
This is a fantastic interview with Klopp, on Salah, Lovren, Brexit and more: 
Right-wing Brexiters see a one-off chance to get themselves a #BrexitTaxHaven, something they know they could never gain through a General Election. That's why they will lie, cheat, intimidate, bully, wreck and destroy. Anything to get their prize. #StopBrexit #VoteEU#Brexit 
A fellow campaigner just expressed how dispiriting to have Remainers shunning the chance to fight to #StopBrexit because they are 'Brexit-tired'. FFS. We are ALL flipping tired but the fight goes on! Give in to fatigue and you are complicit. Apathy enables EVIL. #PeoplesVote 
People asked yesterday what makes us different to @UKIP -The For Britain Movement is a new political party for post Brexit Britain, focussing on British values & making this country great -a party for the majority with members from all sectors&communities. Join us!@AMDWaters  
Germany, France, Ireland, Neth'lds & others are signing trade deals without hindrance from EU. No need to leave CU or SM, it's another Brexit lie. Leaving CU, SM & EU will make Britain poorer & isolated. Advisory ref was obscured by lies, we need all the facts & final say. 
Brexit could yet be stopped at customs  
Tory Brexit minister concedes that MPs can easily force Theresa May to accept fresh #referendum on the actual #brexit deal   
Just to reaffirm that the European Union is a separate organisation to the Single Market and Customs Union. #PeoplesVote #Brexit #StopBrexit #FBPE #ABTV #LE2018 #ABTV18 
I thought Brexit was all about democracy, sovereignty and empowering our British Parliament? This propped-up Tory government, by constantly abstaining/ignoring votes in Parliament, is making a mockery of British democracy.  
Brexit: Five steps to understanding the EU Customs Union  
Brexit, & the deluge of evil it enabled, has made me more angry than I've ever been about anything. But still, I feel no inclination to write bilious, often anonymous letters, full of hatred and vile threats to its proponents. Maybe that's because I am comfortable in my own skin. 
#European Court of Human Rights halts deportation of #Muslim hate preacher from #France. Yet another good reason for #Brexit. #UK needs to exit #ECHR for our own well being and security. The human rights of our own citizens are far more important! #UK 
Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  
'Big Brexit Survey: Most voters think UK would benefit from staying in EU’s Single Market' 
‘May wants the least bad Brexit available but continues to talk.. as though a dandy Brexit is not only possible but probable. The gulf between rhetoric, action, and reality widens by the day.... credibility is in even shorter supply than cake.’ 
Delingpole: Progressives' Heads Explode as Morrissey Praises Brexit, Attacks Halal Meat  via @BreitbartNews 
Tyne and Wear voted Leave.Tyne and Wear at the EU Referendum. Counts took place on 23 June 2016 at five local authorities across the metropolitan county.314,175 voted for the UK to Leave the EU (56.2%)244,651 voted for the UK to Remain (43.8%) 
Agreed - time for everyone to do what's right for Britain: Stop #Brexit. 
The 2nd edition of #EuropeansOnBrexit comes from #Berlin. As in #Vienna the vast majority don't understand why the UK is going ahead with #Brexit. If you like our initiative & want to see more videos please contribute via the link. Danke!   
This shabby plot to keep #Britain a captive state of the vengeful #EU must be crushed  #Brexit  
When @jeremycorbyn came to Crewe on Saturday he took the time 2speak2everyone who wished to chat to him.He shared @UKLabour vision for education, the NHS,housing,tackling homelessness, Brexit and the #WindrushGeneration. We will keep fighting for a fairer more equal society  
It is really important to let your MP know how you feel about Brexit. Write (again) today...#StopBrexit #FBPE #PeoplesVote@dontbrexitfixit@nickreeves9876@acgrayling@AcademyOfRock@albawhitewolf@GuitarMoog@EmporersNewC@fascinatorfun 
MUST-READ: majority of Brits are not happy with the Gov's hard Brexit plan to crash out of the Single Market. It's clear we need a #PeoplesVote on the terms of the Brexit deal. Pls RT:  
Still fighting for our place at the European table. #Brexit is madness it can and must be stopped! #ExitFromBrexit @LibDems 
The case for a #PeoplesVote is clear: the majority of Brits are not happy with the Gov's hard Brexit plan to crash out of the Single Market  
May 3 is approaching fast. We Remainers need to do everything we can to maximise the vote for pro-EU parties in the local elections. So please spread the message as far and wide as you can. #StopBrexit #VoteEU.#Brexit #ABTV 
Just signed a petition to hold a referendum to abolish the House of Lords, it's about time that room full of unelected toffs are removed from our politics and full control is given to the people and it's representatives! Get involved. 
Yes indeed. The insanity of Brexit has seemingly led to these people thinking that they can spout their bile without fear of reproach. 
This is getting desperate now. Fox pledging to cut red tape is a ‘Brexit boost.’ Jeez!!  
BREAKING: May announces new Brexit negotiating team.  
Unless there is a no-deal, Brexit won't be a sudden disaster. The effect will be years of mediocre economic growth, barely rising living standards, underfunded public services and a slow decline relative to our EU neighbours.#StopBrexit #VoteEU.#Brexit #ABTV 
The Referendum vote was clear only in that it advised us to leave the EU. Anything else is a post hoc construction. OK to argue your case for not being in a Customs Union but not possible to say you view is or was the view of the British people.  
Tories are apparently prepared to boot May if she caves in to Remoaners on the customs union. She'll cave like she always caves - it's time for these so-called Eurosceptics to act NOW! We've had a Remainer PM sabotaging Brexit for too long.Support us at  
The majority of people are very unhappy with the way Brexit is going and do not agree with the Government's reckless decision to crash out of the Single Market. Yet more evidence of why we need a #PeoplesVote on the terms of Brexit.  
Leave voters are twice as likely to have changed their mind since the 2016 EU referendum, major study reveals  #Brexit 
Britain has been handed another Brexit boost after trade secretary Liam Fox pledged to cut “bureaucracy and red tape" in a bid to promote free trade when the UK finally unshackles itself from the EU  
Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  
We Need to Talk About Those Who Would Gain from a Hard Brexit - those who would greedily put their wealth and power above the needs of society. Consider those rabidly attacking a customs union - what have they to lose? 
Brexit Explained  
brexit is going to decimate the uk music industry so enjoy it while you can ¯\_(ツ)_/¯  
Great piece for showing that, even over key Brexit issues  - fishing - the case isn't against the EU, it's against neoliberalism. We should be taking back control from the 1% not from Brussels.  
Policewoman with Irish passport says UK Border Force refused her #Brexit job application - despite her challenging its 'British passports only' policy by citing the Good Friday Agreement  @irish_news @politicsIN 
About  half from Northern Ireland, perspectives woefully absent from most Brexit coverage of Northern Ireland...  
If Kate and Wills name the baby "Jean-Claude" or "Michel" they could very well secure the Brexit breakthrough we are all waiting for. The commission would deny it of course but such soft power would prove irresistible.Fingers crossed it is a boy. 
LGBT rights are on the line today in the government's Brexit bill  
Thanks to everyone making a strong case for environmental safeguards in the crucial #Brexit #WithdrawalBill debates! Hoping we'll see even more support today for much needed changes at report stage. Our environment needs Amendment 27 (on governance and principles). 
I don’t actually believe there was ambiguity about leaving the CU in the referendum. But even if you think there was, how can a vote to explicitly leave something credibly be interpreted as a vote to remain in something. It’s not about politics, it’s about basic logic. 
Do you believe it is the correct decision for Government to leave customs union after #Brexit? - Brexit: Government insists UK will leave customs union RETWEET & VOTE  #yourvoicematters 
Poor @jamestitcomb unable to understand why EU will not want to invest in UK after #Brexit Why on earth would they do that? Investment is years UK govt says out in months. @Telegraph readers who voted #Brexit shouldn't be patronised like this @Labour4EU @EK_EuropeanMove 
More warnings of the effects of Brexit on British Jobs, this time from the TUC. For all @jeremycorbyn words about protecting the working classes he and @UKLabour are letting them down. It's time for Labour to put Brexit in reverse. #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote #FBPE 
Theresa May to dare Tory rebels to vote against her on Brexit and risk collapse of Government  
A royal baby born on St. George’s Day? This could only be more Brexit if they named it BluePassport Islamaphobia Windsor! 
#hypocrisyiswhen You insist I have no right to express views on Brexit, #citizensrights or British politics more broadly "because you are not British"......while you are vocal in your support of Trump (I doubt you have US passports) and championing free speech. 
This MP has been all over the place on Brexit. She has opinions and if you don't like them then she has others...  
The #BrexitShambles means #Labour should indeed call for a referendum on the actual #brexit deal, says Trevor Fisher on @Labourlist : 
If the brilliant & meticulous journalist .@carolecadwalla was no threat to Arron Banks & his Brexit actions....why go to such unbelievable lengths to try & discredit her? Is the Brexit Scam finally being uncovered? #CambridgeAnalytica 
Theresa May 'could quit' next month if government loses key Brexit vote. Number 10 is reportedly considering the vote a "matter of confidence"  
Some melt: you can't just cut people off because of their views on the referendumMe: Repeal the m8 
Hi folks a reminder that in 1992 we had a referendum, that if passed would have limited the right to travel for pregnant women, & allowed the government to censor & control abortion information.The organisations campaigning against Repeal today, campaigned against the 13th.  
What continues to strike me as utterly contemptuous of our democracy is the sense that @theresa_may & her govt are not listening, not explaining & not engaging in a proper debate about the very serious issues that Brexit compels. The sense of being rammed to a finish line.  
Theresa May faces Brexit showdown - Davis, Fox and  Johnson press PM to abandon plan for customs union compromise. Instead of childish bullying, why don't they come up with grown up plans / details for their options. Oh - forgot they don't have any!  
Last month, former LCJ Lord Thomas gave a little-publicised speech on issues relating to Brexit. He stressed urgent need for rigorous analysis, open debate & pragmatic evaluation of pros & cons, amidst concerns raised to him that govt is not listening.  
Shameful story. Theresa May was right, there are "burning injustices" in the country.Shame her government is too distracted by Brexit bullshit to do anything about them.  
CHANGE: More than 90,000 people have signed a petition for a referendum on abolishing the House of Lords. Discredited. Outdated. Time to scrap it!  
ICYMI @GreenJeanMEP warns that EU negotiators are watching the #Windrush scandal closely, as are MEPs who will not vote in favour of any deal that threatens to significantly strip back citizens' rights after Brexit. Full article:  
It was better by @bbcnickrobinson this time (his article having been unimpressive). However, still not a lot of curiosity about how the BBC handles the bandwidth explosion of Brexit - and innovations the BBC could undertake for online educational resources into the myriad issues. 
Great to hear former Taoiseach Brian Cowen #beyondBrexit wishing @campaignforleo well in #Brexit negotiation - no matter who is in gov getting the best deal for IRELAND requires cross party support @FineGael 
John Humphries caught lying on @BBCr4today this morning."We on this program talked about the customs union endlessly, well not endlessly, but over and over again" - talking about before the referendum No - it was hardly, if ever, mentioned before the referendum. 
"When the UK leaves the European Union, we will no longer have the equivalent of any constitutional right to equality." Read full article on equality after Brexit written by Cloisters' @WomaninHavana @prospect_uk  
Humphrys has been a disgrace on Brexit. But then he is taking his lead from @BBCNews policy - binary choice over. 
Given that it's all anyone is going to talk about for the next month, here's a quick explainer on the customs union (and other soft-Brexit bits and pieces)  
On Friday, the @BBC Feedback programme again discussed criticism over BBC's Brexit coverage.It noted there had been a surge of criticism from Remainers - and handled it better this time, including agreeing that ditching Brexit is an option. Listen: 
Really worrying to hear that @JLR_News have blamed not just a drop in diesel sales but also #Brexit for the 'slump' that has seen them cut 1,000 jobs. This sends a powerful signal about the damage #Brexit will do, & is already doing, showing why we need a vote on the final deal. 
Odds on Royal Baby names:Courgette (3/1)Galgamax the ender of worlds (5/2)Brexit (10/1)Experiment 781 (12/1)Lightning McQueen (25/1)Eleven (30/1)Barbara (50/1) 
It was only a matter of time. Desperation setting in as the Brexit Ultras realise nobody believes them any more.  
Tory MPs threaten @theresa_may with a vote of no confidence, just 18% of people are happy with #Brexit negotiations so far, & pretty much everyone is outraged by Govt’s manufacturing of the #windrush fiasco.If Tories still believe in #democracy, give us a #GeneralElectionNOW 
Back to the big smoke this morning. Seems all things #HigherEducation and #Brexit likely to be trumped by #RoyalBaby... but lets be honest, everyone (apart from one or two folks I know) loves a Royal Baby!! Good luck Princess Kate... (Benjamin is a great name for a boy btw!) 
Is it any surprise population disaffected with current party politics when on biggest issue of our time (Brexit) it feels we have been failed by Remain (in run-up to Brexit vote) and misled by Leave (then and still now)!!  
May has to agree to customs union. If not, can’t agree backstop option for Irish border- and that means no progress on Brexit at June summit. So if she doesn’t quit next month, she may just be forced out month after that instead. Eventually, you get held accountable for decisions  
And quite frankly, Brexit is too major/long-lasting a decision to apply such a narrow view of democracy that allows a 51.9% majority to shape the UK's future in FULL KNOWLEDGE that the resulting Brexit would go directly against the wishes of those 51.9%.  
How ironic that defenders of Human Rights must rely on the undemocratic, anachronistic House of Lords to challenge the UK Government today on plan to drop the EU Charter on fundamental rights, which doesn't fit Brexit vision of deregulation. Scotland needs independence #indyref2 
A non-binding vote? Like the referendum vote? ....  
Great to see @openDemocracy ‘s story on DUP’s £435k #brexit donation reported in today’s Scottish Sun  
Can India replace the EU for UK post Brexit trade? Dinesh Dhamija, founder of , explains the situation. Full video here:  
So do I believe John Redwood or do I believe the Japanese Ambassador who said Japanese firms had stopped investment in the UK and were treading water to see if they needed to relocate due to Brexit?Tough choice... 
In the end it will be #Brexit that ends May’s career and also destroys the Conservative Party.I can’t wait.#ToriesOut 
Corbyn has a complicated job description: Leader of the Opposition, but doubles up - when it comes to Brexit - in the role of ultra loyal Chief Whip to the Government.  
On #StGeorgesDay its worth taking a moment to salute all those English patriots whose Brexit vote has saved our Nation. We all owe you!  #ProudtobeBritish 
89k Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  
After #Brexit the UK economy will BOOM.All the working class will be better off.And when we scrap the EU's import tariffs,basics like food and clothing will be a lot cheaper.  
These coordinated assaults are no coincidence. Brexit is being attacked from all sides of the political elite who simply refuse to accept the will of the people. We must keep fighting!  
Of course we must leave the Customs Union on #Brexit & have freedom for new trade deals and tariff cuts. Supporters of CU would damage our future prosperity.  
The GFA will either END Brexit or reunify Ireland and start the break up of the UK. 
Do my ears deceive me, or have proponents of leaving a Customs Union with EU got a new phrase out? It's a "protectionist racket" - seems to the new chorus line. Perhaps. But what we need is an evidenced-based cost-benefit analysis of leaving said 'racket'. #Brexit 
Wales voted leave, but its now looking at #brexitreality & saying #brexit is not good for us.Some interesting polling of a large sample shows the shift towards #remainernow & .Welsh MPs of all parties must get behind #peoplesvote 
Are you one of the EU 3m?Or a voter under 20 years old?In 10 days, you finally get your say on Brexit.#ABTV. Vote TACTICAL. 
Mary Creagh - The size of the Tory rebellion on Thursday will be indicative of the problems the PM will face later in the year. The brexit we were sold is impossible to deliver & it's costing a lot more. We must not go back to the bad old days of a hard border in Ireland.#FBPE 
Nearly 90.000 already signed. 10.000 to go .......   Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords    
UK manufacturers are taking Brexit uncertainty in their stride and focusing on growth:#GBmfg #UKmfg #Growth #UKmanufacturing #Manufacturing 
Is there something a little desperate about all these endless attempted bribes? How about some real solid policies, like stopping Brexit, stopping austerity, fixing the constitution, getting the country back to decency & principle?  
Theresa May 'could quit' next month if government loses key Brexit vote 
Wow. The difference between John Humphrey’s treatment of Ken Clarke and John Redwood was astonishing on #r4today. Humphrey’s snorts at Clarke’s reiteration of the facts of the #EU referendum but waves through Redwood’s cheeky lie that car job losses are due to “new” diesel taxes 
Ken Clarke on #r4today says it's time to stop treating the Good Friday Agreement as an inconvenience. It must be a red line in negotiations & that there will be no progress on #Brexit until the Irish issue is resolved. 
As this week becomes about whether to stay in the Customs Union - remember - none of this needs to happen. Brexit isn’t inevitable. #PeoplesVote#FFS 
Why is John Humphries speaking for Arron Banks by saying referendum was all about Customs Union? Neither he nor MPs knew what the Customs Union was 2 years ago. Now he pretends it was top line. Once again BBC shows amazing pro-Brexit bias @pollytoynbee @campbellclaret 
Lying is deemed permissible by hard Brexiteers as they won't want to cause alarm before Brexit day 29/3/19. They've only got to keep the sunlit uplands stoty going for another 11 months then it will become blame game on bullying EU as economic data doesn't deliver Brexit dividend  
This pressure cooker salmon came out so good!! Top with a slice of lemon, some fresh dill, and @ICBInotbutter for the perfect healthy meal. Less food drama because it has 60 calories and 70% less saturated fat than butter! #ad #SpreadNoDrama  
John Humphreys is so nakedly jaundiced on Brexit can’t understand why #r4today allow him to do interviews on it 
Brilliant from @BillCashMP: The Customs Union rebels are very different to the Maastricht rebels. That rebellion was for a referendum. That rebellion was for the principle of self-government and against a treaty creating an EU government.  
Given that the vast majority of the Tory manifesto was binned after their disastrous general election result, what's the big deal about dumping Brexit? #r4today #PeoplesVote 
Wonder if that’s related to UK growth being lowest in the G20? Maybe uncoupling from low productivity, low wage, zero hours, outsourced, austerity driven, Brexit obsessed Tory Britain would help?  
If I was @theresa_may I'd use #Windrush as an excuse to resign and get out of this horror show.And on the way out of Number 10, I'd shout "BREXIT IS A BIG PILE OF SHIT!", like Tim from Spaced. 
The promise by No10 to turn next month’s crunch customs union vote into a vote of confidence in Theresa May is **the** ultimate display of ERG’s power - the 70 strong Brexit grouping inside the Tory party - over her administration. No10 gambling Tory remain rebels not as brave 
The Maastricht rebellion was for the principle of self-government and against a treaty creating EU government. What we saw last week in the House of Lords was an attempt to stop Brexit in defiance of our democracy, writes veteran Eurosceptic Sir Bill Cash  
Brexit means leaving EU Customs Union. The British people must not be betrayed!  
Latest from me.. To understand current news on Brexit & #Windrush, think back to watershed recent year of 2014, when Ukip were insurgent & triumphant. Also, the online aspect of its rise pointed to the future 
Every week there is a new statement, contradicting the last statement, to be followed by a further contradiction the next week.It’s simple: Leaving the customs union is a necessary component of what makes Brexit an exit. Get it done.#ForTheNation 
Majority of people in UK never voted Brexit.  Many who did now replaced by the 16 and 17 yr olds of 2016. Many EU citizens now have British citizenship.  Majority of conservatives want to remain, large majority of Labour voters same. Politics will have to catch up with reality.  
I swear to fuck, if the last few months - Grenfell, Windrush, Rape Clause, deaths of people needing social security, skyrocketing homelessness, hostile environment, Brexit incompetence - haven't shown people why we should leave the UK, I don't know what will. 
“Downing Street insists the government remains committed to leaving the Customs Union after Brexit.”Party before country again. PM saying this only to stop resignations from her own side.Phase 1 means we’re committed to customs union; no other option for the Irish border. 
Ironically, Scotch Whisky - which accounts for 20% of the total drink AND food exports of the UK, will no longer be a protected name post Brexit. Peru have already announced they will make their own Scotch Whisky after we lose the EU Protected name status. NB @johnredwood 
Am I alone in expecting well paid @BBCr4today presenters to be equipped to challenge such blatant inaccuracies about #EU trade? Or is this too much to expect in #Brexit Britain? #FBPE 
Also lied about voters knowing they were voting to leave the CU. Nadine Dorres didn’t even know what it was months AFTER the referendum so what hope the rest of us?! 
Chilling stuff from @theresa_may and is this the reason she is so hell bent on a hard Brexit?? #skypapers #skynews #BBC #bbcnews #bbcpapers #ToriesMustGo #ToriesOut #TheresaMayIsARacist #TheresaMayResign #theresamayiscallous #TheresaMay #JC4PM #bbcbreakfast 
LABOUR: "For the Many not the Few" ( unless you are one of the 3 million EU citizens in the UK, the 1.2 million @BritishInEurope and the 63% of the electorate who didn't vote for Brexit or were illegally prevented from voting in the *advisory* referendum ... NB @InLimboBrexit) 
John Redwood on @BBCr4today casual with the facts as ever. #EU doesn’t trade with rest of the world on #WTO terms it has free trade deals with many nations which benefit goods produced in UK particularly big exports like Scotch Whisky #Brexit #FBPE 
Brexiters like Lawson and Redwood claim that any attempt to force gov’t to consider any customs union with the EU post-Brexit “goes against the explicit wishes of the people”. So “the people”, apparently, gave an “explicit” answer to a question that was never asked. #r4today 
"THE GREAT SINGLE MARKET CON-TRICK - How the figures don't stack up" A devastating #Brexit attack on the nonsense talked by Remoaner MPs about the Single Market:  
Interesting that parliamentary vote to stay in the customs union if #Brexit goes ahead will be "non binding." Just like the referendum was then... 
Are BBC current affairs shows like #Marr giving the Tories too easy a ride? #Brexit #StopBrexit #Windrush #Brexitshambles #FBPE #ABTV #WATON #BrexitGate #FinalSay 
Those who championed Brexit have nobody else's interests at heart. Their motivations are their own greed, vanity and pomposity, wrapped up in a perverse sense of what constitutes patriotism. #StopBrexit 
Britain will leave the customs union after Brexit, Number 10 insists  
The Lord's can (and do) ignore the democratic will of the people because they are not elected.The House of Lords have signed their own death warrant,by trying to overturn the biggest democratic vote in the history of our great country.#Brexit  
“The Windrush affair has shattered every Remainer prejudice. They told us Brexit Britain was a hotbed of bovine racism. The public’s discomfort with the treatment of the Windrush generations reveals what an elitist lie this was”, says Brendan O’Neill. 
Despite what you've heard, the British people are not all suicidal, racist, lemmings. Biggest post Brexit poll of 220k finds:- Maj. want to stay in the #SingleMarket & enjoy free trade & open migration with Europe- Only 18% are happy with Brexit negotiations#r4today @LBC 
Propaganda delivered the Brexit vote but it can’t land more fish | Polly Toynbee  
It’s another big week in the House of Lords on #EUWithdrawalBill. This isn’t the tick box to Brexit Bill the govt have claimed. Serious constitutional change afoot, & the Lords are unpicking the govt’s complacency.  
Instead of a stubborn fixation on her arbitrary red lines, the PM has a duty to this country to adopt a reason-based rational approach to Brexit, a cool-headed analysis. She needs to listen. #CustomsUnion 
This point has been stressed to @GovUK by @ScotGov & many others for over a year.  They have just replied with empty slogans and done nothing....Farmers face labour 'struggle' after Brexit - Farmers Weekly  
The #brexit ref was just the first stage of replacing democracy with feudalism. Post a brexit everything will be sold to private enterprise & rather than "taking back control" the people will have control over jack shit. Capitalist fundamentalists want to rule the 21st century 
Ministers in @GOVUK have seen their own projections.  They know how damaging leaving the customs union will be.  They also know new FTAs can’t compensate for that loss yet they persist in saying the opposite merely to placate their own ideologically fixated #Brexit  extremists  
Apparently Liam Fox will say in a speech to the Financial Sector today “".....it must be acknowledged that, outside the EU, this country will enjoy a new degree of economic agility."  ....But no it mustn’t- because it isn’t true....#Brexit. 
One of the greatest Brexit lies is that the EU is unelected. We have MEPs for goodness sake, who were voted in by the British public. 
How the BBC distorted Brexit is breath taking, the obvious distortions of Vote Leave and the monologues of Gove Jacob Rees-Mogg and Leadsom were hardly subjected to meaningful cross examination. Remainers were treated differently at all times.#FBPE 
#Scotref before #brexit THIS TIME - FOR THERE WILL BE NO NEXT TIME It's independence or national extinctionYour call#indyref2 #SNP 
No deal Brexit will be 'disastrous' for food and drinks industry, MPs warn  
This is why the majority of #Britain not just voted for #Brexit, but unconditionally Insist on it!If our so called representatives betray the #British public-the MajorityI would think the public's reaction, will likely make Italy's troubles look like a Butlins holiday camp! 
Taiwan #LGBT orgs protest the Central Election Commission’s decision to allow a referendum on #marriageequality pushed for by anti-LGBT groups.Organizers argue that the referendum is unconstitutional and in contradiction to the constitutional court’s ruling on marriage equality.  
Student protests in Nicaragua became a referendum on President Daniel Ortega. He vowed to reverse an unpopular social security overhaul, but demonstrators have other grievances.  
AMLO promising referendum in his presidency - if he loses the vote he would resign though? 
Hardip Singh Nijjar A Known Close Associate of Bhai Jagtar Singh Tara, Is Accused of Running A Khalistan Training Camp In Vancouver Is NOW Ready To RIDE on Referendum 2020 Campaign To Liberate Punjab From Indian Occupation @PunjabPolice Khalistan Zinadabad 
People want to play pretend with real people cultures w/o recognizing their ancestral involvement in the rape & enslavement of desi people. Want to try on saris, bindis, eat samosas, then vote for Brexit, ignore demands for reparations, exploit for their economies.  
“I still had some residual respect for the BBC, which respect disappeared during the Scottish independence referendum where BBC propaganda and disregard for the truth were truly shameless”  
It's happening all over the world nowYou can partially thank the libertarian Mercers for making this possibleThe Mercers brought you Brexit, Breitbart, Bannon, they hacked your FB, elections in US,UK,NE,FR,KE & moreThey are also busy trying to rewrite the constitution  
Brexit: GCSE customs union - there are few more serious insults to readers than to present them with false information. And when we don't even get GCSE standard from the one-time "newspaper of record", I think we are entitled to take offence.  #Brexinfo. 
Share if you Think he’s Wrong 
ECJ has no direct applicability to the EEA. It is a codetermination process. Eurosceptics have cited Norway for as long as the EEA has existed so, yes, it is entirely compatible with Brexit. Unsurprisingly the Tory chatterati have learned nothing in the last two years.  
As we get to the point where everyone accepts Brexit leaves us economically poorer, we'll be dealing with a symbolic/ideological victory that would be literally paid for by the generations who disagree with that ideology. @OFOCBrexit 
Neither 'the people' or their #brexiter master hoodwinkers. Their claims of wealth & prosperity post #Brexit are based on imperial fantasy & elaborate lies rather than hard facts. And they know it. 
Former Head of the #CivilService #LordKerslake often deployed by #Corbynistas as a policy ally says there is “no upside” to #Brexit: “The challenge here, and I’ll be very direct about this from my perspective there is no upside to #Brexit!   #BBC #SKY @LBC #LBC @UKLabour #Labour 
Talking about a future which doesn’t exist, stubbornly claiming his way is the only way while throwing anyone and everyone under the bus to save his own skin - Allardyce is putting Everton through a footballing Brexit 
LYING SLIME #LordRicketts, former Permanent Under Secretary of State of the #Foreign & #CommonwealthOffice, denied that the EU intends to create its own army despite clear evidence to the contrary directly from the #EU! #BBC #SKY #LBC @ConHome @Conservatives #Brexit #UK #Tory 
*New calculation on the early costs of Brexit*  
The "Will of the People" is stay in the EU Single Market and if there was a vote tomorrow Remain would win a second referendum. Don't believe the lies of the Brexiteers. The people have changed their minds. The EU is good for Britain. #StopBrexit #PeoplesVotes #FBPE 
This is all very silly. It's perfectly obvious that the UK *will* stay in the customs union, even if it's given a new name for the benefit of the Thickiteers. To me, it's also pretty obvious that it'll have to stay in the single market too. In fact, Brexit is all but over.  
. @sajidjavid and @michaelgove both shamelessly lying:1. The result of an advisory referendum cannot be an instruction2. There was no reference to staying in or quitting the Customs Union on the ballot paper.So more #LeaveLies perverting our democracy.#StopBrexit #Brexit  
I met J Corbyn in Chester last night & challenged him on Brexit & his commitment to the Good Friday Agreement. He said he would defend the GFA & departed. GFA requires continued CU + SM, at least. Amiable but inadequate stance, like Labour policy. pic.twitter.com/PYjEhzDmPP 
Well, it's a full day since I resigned from @UKLabour over #Brexit & #RacismStriking that I haven't received a *single* critical reaction. Lots of Labour people follow me: none of them has said they don't understand. Not one has said I'm wrong#PeoplesVote #ABTV #VoteGreen2018 pic.twitter.com/j7SSpXtaei 
One of the UK’s leading composers explains why Brexit is a disaster for the British music industry but what does he know? He’s only an expert. #FBPE 
#CamillaTominey: The public voted for #Brexit and it does not like the rhetoric of reversing #Brexit - we must not lose sight of what the people want  #BBC #SKY @LBC #LBC @ConHome @Conservatives @UKLabour #ConservativeParty #Labour #LabourParty #UKIP #UK 
Tory Remainer MEP @CharlesTannock on the ERG's response to the government conceding Customs Union membership:"ERG Brextremists are capable of untold damage within the party and country if they don't get their way of that I'm sure."#StopBrexit #Brexit 
As a general rule, distrust any political messaging on the side of a red bus. #8thref #repealthe8th #brexit  
I agree with Lord Hill, who voted Remain. Britain should make its own rules on services and the City after Brexit  
Encouraging result of a massive #Brexit survey conducted by the @YorkshirePost - Majority now believe that the UK would be better off in the EU and “Leave voters were more likely [than Remain voters] to say they would not vote in the same way now” 
The referendum "instruction" was a messy bundle of promises with "leave the EU" as the only certified instruction.If leaving the Customs Union were so clear a mandate, unpicked from the bundle - it should be a public desire seen repeatedly in polling. It *never* has been.  
THE Brexiteer Mayor of the Tees Valley has blasted the Westminister bubble which constatnly tries to thrawt Brexit, and said that leaving the customs union is crucial for future of the North-East of England.  
Hang on, I'm so called "working class" and I voted remain. How dare you put me in a bunch with you brexit loonies!! 
Stay in the single market, says British public in major Brexit poll #tomorrowspaperstoday 
The question is not how PM manages her own party - that has dominated Brexit for far too long - its about our national & economic interest. Staying in customs union with EU should always have been a priority.  
Sadly remainers don’t trust labour:You’re a perfect example why. They hijacked our votes in GE17 & then told us we support Brexit. When we protested, they insulted us & told us we’re not labour.We were, Corbyn labour following Tory brexit isn’t, so now we’re not. #ABTV  
NEW: A survey of 2,300 people in Wales shown 59% think we would be better off in Europe.What was promised isn’t what is being delivered.The people deserve have a say on the final #Brexit terms.  
I get it. If Remain won a new vote it would disenfranchise a section of voters for decades and a potent myth of betrayal would be born. But if Brexit happens and proves to be a disaster then that betrayal myth will write itself anyway. I discussed here:  
I’ve said it before but - the EU customs union push is bizarre - there is a story to make for a Swiss-like deal or a Norway single market/EEA/efta transition but the/a CU lock in is the worst of worlds & is another attempt to derail the vote for Brexit. 
Poll pro-unionist @elperiodico_cat: 79% of Catalans and 47% of Spaniards, in favour of a self-determination referendum to solve Catalonia-Spain political conflict  
Credit to >@PjayEmm for coining the phrase #TheAndrewsSisters to describe Brexit supporting, biased reporting BBC Brextremists Andrew Marr & Andrew Neil... I'm gonna be using it a lot ¯\(ツ)/¯  
Some sample @UKLabour areas from the massive survey of 216,800 people, where even excluding those undecided, 52% of people say we are better off in the EU and 56% say we should stay in the Single MarketThe majority reject a 'Jobs first Brexit', it's time for change#StopBrexit 
Chilling stuff from @theresa_may and is this the reason she is so hell bent on a hard Brexit?? #skypapers #skynews #BBC #bbcnews #bbcpapers #ToriesMustGo #ToriesOut #TheresaMayIsARacist #TheresaMayResign #theresamayiscallous #TheresaMay #JC4PM 
Score a snackerception at your Big Game watch party with our @OREO Game Day Spirit Cookie Footballs  #Nabisco 
The leader of the country’s biggest employers - who provide jobs - has to spell out to a cabinet minister what our businesses need. Quite unprecedented for this to happen so publicly but illustrative of how disastrous this Government’s approach to #Brexit is.  
Passed 88,000 now! Have you signed yet? 'Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords' 
I once had a set of papers returned from the High Court, unprocessed, because I hadn't included a stamped addressed envelope. This, to me, sums up the petty, bureaucratic, obstructive, mediocre, jobsworth mindset of Britain. That is how Brexit happened. 
BREXIT SURVEY: Basingstoke residents overwhelmingly say county is better off economically in Europe /#EU #Brexit  
A lot of leavers are also under the delusional that there is a #BrexitDividend ie. £350m for the NHS. & are the working class who voted for "sovereignty" aware the #Brexit White papers say "we never lost sovereignty". I think they were victims of a populist propaganda campaign  
Japan ambassador’s Brexit warning: there won’t be a deal better than the single market... Wrong with a population about 15% the size of the EU the UK will have much more bargaining power! #Sarcasm 
Britain will not get a Brexit deal better than current single market, Japan's ambassador to UK says  
88k Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  
A second Brexit referendum will indeed deliver hell on earth for a few months. On the other hand, a Brexit that deflates the economy, throws away jobs and fails to achieve any of the Brexiters’ promises will deliver it for a generation.Let voters decide this is what they want  
WindrushRise in hate crime after Brexit voteRacist Brexit campaignNigel Farage says Trump's victory was because of his Brexit victory. 
Reports coming in that Harry Kane has appealed for the PFA nomination and expects to claim the award off SalahKane said and I quote “Brexit means Brexit” 
Surprisingly or otherwise, difference between customs union and the single market was not widely understood at the time of the referendum - including possibly by Javid and Gove.  
First front page of the week from @scotnational ... and it's more Brexit disarray from you-know-who  
Quite simply, the border you are standing @KateHoeyMP at would not fulfil the requirements of the Good Friday Agreement so would be totally unacceptable. You obviously know this.#Brexit #PeoplesVote #WeNeedTheGFA #FBPE 
Morgan calls for 'rational debate' on UK's customs plans: If only it was rational, about doing what’s best for Britain rather than what’s best for Labour and the Tories. Every serious analysis shows that Brexit harms our country, time for a #PeoplesVote 
Sent to a fellow remain campaigner, and commonplace since the advisory referendum.. If you wonder why you're fighting. #fbpe vote Pro EU 3/5 
Delegation of #PeoplesUnity of PIA Islamabad led by @LaghariRamzan1 called on Chairman #PPP @BBhuttoZardariat Zardari House, Islamabad. Chairman PPP congratulated #PeoplesUnity and appreciated efforts of #PIA workers during referendum to mark historic victory.  
Excited to announce our Women Against Brexit event on May 9th! Details here:  Make sure to register your interest, spread the word, and get involved! We can't wait to see you there #WomenAgainstBrexit #PeoplesVote #GirlsJustWannaHaveFundamentalRights 
A very well put case for why we must leave the Customs Union by @patel4witham It is highly protectionist and stifles opportunities for us in the global market.#Brexit #CustomsUnion 
Brexit: Deportations of EU citizens soar since Referendum.Brexiteers tell us UK can't control its borders but clearly not so!  
Ah - so you’re basing your  statement of ‘fact’ on an opinion poll. From 2017. But now opinion polls show a majority would prefer to remain in the EU.  So let’s just scrap Brexit then. 
So @theresa_may is preparing to abandon Brexit plans to leave the EU Customs Union.Next, she should abandon plans to leave the Single Market. And then she should realise we’re better off if we #Remain in the EU - as she argued in the referendum.  
Following a racially aggravated incident that happened to one of our activists after our meeting yesterday @NicolasHatton finds the right words:"Britain has not gone racist"Minority who feels empowered by Brexit "must be put back into their box"  
Hang your head in shame @michaelgove @BorisJohnson @DavidDavisMP You are not in control of this. What could have been a #PragmaticBrexit has been hijacked by the nutty wing of the Tory party.Brexit it not, 17.4m did not vote for this failure of leadership. And it’s on you. 
Japan ambassador’s Brexit warning: there won’t be a deal better than the single market  
Sajid Javid admitted before the EU referendum that UK trade would be much more succesful outside of the EU. But he was one of MANY conned into voting Remain by pathetic scare stories. Sajid & many other Remainers are very wise to now back a GLOBAL Brexit Britain. 
NICK CLEGG: "It is profoundly undemocratic to do something which is so against the will of those who have to live with the consequences."Let's give the pro-#Brexit parties a kick in the ballots on May3 by anti-#Brexit tactical voting #ABTV #LibDems #Greens #Renew independents 
You, the editor of a major magazine, claiming to speak for the working class, who are struggling to get by, who were promised that Brexit would make the NHS and their lives better, saying they are happy to lose the little they had.... is disgusting.  
Figures for automotive investment in the UK show clearly the impact of #Brexit•2014=£4.7bn•2015=£2.5bn•2016=£1.7bn•2017=£1.1bnHuge investment in 2014 has 3-4yr lead time and is boosting output right now, but won't last 
Many are amazed by the easy time @RuthDavidsonMSP gets from the press compared to other politicians. Trust @DaniGaravelli1 to turn the tide #Windrush #rapeclause #brexit #omnishambles 
Very true. But it's a small clique of hard Brexiteers at the top who believe they alone are gifted and authorised to determine what true Brexit means!  
this is a picture of the referendum results in 1983 that led to the introduction of the 8th amendment into the Irish constitution. look for where you're from. are they going to vote differently this time??? please please do what you can to help this ref pass. the 8th has to go  
"The UK government has made Brexit promises it cannot keep."Said it before and I'll say it again - if you want to be kept informed about #Brexit, don't simply rely on the UK press - read the @IrishTimes too. 
Just back from a conference in Lyon, France. Infrastructure works. Fast, affordable trains. People relax and happy. Great food. No Brexit time bomb. One of my Uber drivers wondered whether Brexit had happened. Another asked (being perfectly serious), "C'est quoi, Brexit?" 
The Treasury’s predictions during the lead-up to the EU referendum were wrong to the tune of £100 billion, according to a new report 
87k Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  
Investment groups have ramped up hiring in Paris and Luxembourg since the UK voted for Brexit.  
Boris Johnson and Michael Gove accused of 'RISKING BREXIT with plot to snatch leadership'  
Don’t forget #Brexit’s transitional costs! They are additional to the other costs and they are big! @InFactsOrg @markboleat 
Brexit causing crisis for butter company Brexit reality seems to be hitting. Jobs likely to be lost. It’s why we need a people’s vote to give the public a final say on Brexit#peoplesvote #finalsay #Brexit @bestforbritain @TechForUK 
I really don't know - but they do seem to have targetted Me. !It means *Follow back Pro Europe* but is essentally  a cover for the Lib Dems who believe if you vote for them in the local elections - you'll stop #Brexit  
Brexit minister reveals how MPs can force Theresa May to accept fresh referendum  
Delegation of #PeoplesUnity of PIA Islamabad led by @LaghariRamzan1 called on Chairman PPP @BBhuttoZardari at Zardari House, Islamabad. Chairman PPP congratulated #PeoplesUnity and appreciated efforts of #PIA workers during referendum to mark historic victory.  
You won't get a Labour Govt whilst Labour backs the #BrexitShambles & denies the Ppl a #FairVote. Vote #ABTV in #LE2018 for a Binding #FinalSayForALL to either accept the #Brexit divorce deal & leave or to Reject it & #StopBrexitSaveBritain & #Remain in the EU. Corbyn's choice. 
A Brexit transition deal can only happen if the Irish border issue is solved, Donald Tusk warns  
‘Remain could potentially win a second referendum’, it’s highly likely given the unravelling of Brexit and its material lacking in substance.Read more at:  
George Galloway - "We have an entirely unelected chamber – with Lib Dem peers stuffed to the rafters – deciding to railroad us out of a real #Brexit. "The decision to remain in a Customs Union with the EU renders the referendum result null and void." 
There will always be a power balance between the EU and the UK.Watch this video and tell me which direction Brexit just shifted the balance of power.  
But 100% of working class people will be worse off if Brexit actually happens. 
In coming weeks, PM has historic opportunity to unite nation behind a soft BREXIT. Time to put national interest before party. #freetrade 
The move to keep the UK in the customs union is issue illiteracy of the first order. It is a solution in search of a problem. We need the EEA to eliminate the "friction". A bespoke protocol on rules of origin would be needed - but there is zero utility in a customs union.#Brexit 
Much Brexit strategy has been left by Number 10 to some pretty third rate staffers. (Unkind to name them but they’re low grade spads) The consequences are becoming apparent.  Need for the Vote Leavers to step in - or there will be more muppetry 
Where I live, a Labour vote changes nothing. Safe Tory seat.But I won't be voting Labour as long as they support Brexit. Mind made up.I'm not advising anyone else to do it. That's up to you. But if you decide the same as me, tell people. Otherwise, nothing will change. 
This is so important. I worked to help with the twitter promotion of one of the sites & promoting voting Labour in many many constituencies. I did so as a #remain supporter which I still am. Prior to the referendum I always voted Labour. I will not do so now #ABTV 
But isn't the job of a parliamentarian to say to The People : "You've given us instructions. But we've discovered some new information. We'd like to ask you again...in light of our discoveries. We can't walk this back if we're wrong."#Brexit-#Parliament 
This goes to the heart of one of the strangest features of Brexit: many Brexiters talk as if Britain were being forced to leave the EU rather than choosing to do so. See:  
Losing on the Customs Union would be a big defeat for the Brexiteers. Old wounds would open, the uneasy #Brexit ceasefire on the Tory benches would break. If the @UKLabour Party can unite behind a #PeoplesVote - we would be in a position of real strength. 
Don't want Brexit.Don't vote for a Brexit supporting party.Not now, not ever.May 3rd. Is our chance to show MP's their fate at the next GE.#FBPE #StopBrexit #brexit 
Incredible how Brexiters are *still* going round in circles between e.g. Swiss, Norway, Canada, Turkey models of Brexit. Each time the problems of one are pointed out they go to another, whilst all of them are in any case ruled out by one or other of their 'red lines'.  
Sajid is right - the referendum vote was clear - we need to take back control of trade - that means leaving the protectionist Customs Union  
Patrick Blower  on Theresa May, London Marathon and Brexit – political cartoon gallery in Putney  
With a few more thousand signatures, Parliament will be obliged to debate this. Let's bring it to 100k. Time to send the fancy-dress-cloaked Kinnocks home!#AbolishTheLords#Brexit 
Frances O' Grady reckons 100,000 jobs lost in NE England due to Brexit. By my calculation that's 100,000 more than zero.  
The @A50Challenge brings the most important Constitutional case before the courts in living memory. It's was a pleasure to be at the Brexit Conference with @acgrayling and @abcpoppins this w/e. If Liz Webster is successful #Brexit will fall like a house of cards. #FBPE #WATON 
Cancelling Brexit will save: 10,000s of jobs, stave off economic shrinkage, save £50 bn divorce bill, preserve environmental & labour rights.Cancelling Brexit will cost: raging twitter storm from the ERG, embarrassment at the BBC, a few dozen political careers.#FBPE #StopBrexit 
The Tories had better get their act together on Brexit, and fast. We're leaving. Nothing and no-one will stop us from doing so. 
There are FOUR Great Offices of State in the UK. And three of them are run by people who voted at the EU Referendum for the UK to Remain in the EU.The Office of the Prime Minister: MayThe Home Office: RuddThe Treasury: HammondOnly the Foreign Office is run by a Brexiteer. 
NEW: Staying in the Customs Union would not only be a betrayal of the referendum result, but to do so would hold our country back and undermine the economic and political freedoms we will secure on 29th March 2019, writes @patel4witham 
The Government is expected to lose one of its big Brexit battles in the Commons shortly.  
So we’re at 86% of the signatures we need to get this debated in HoCLet’s get this to 100k by the end of today to show the House of Lords we won’t stand for our democratic mandate being ignored. Sign & RT #BrexitLordsBetrayal #EUWithdrawalBill #Brexit 
When structural inequality grows no matter who you vote for. When both parties send the poorest to fight unending wars. There’s growing reason for people to protest vote (Trump, Sanders, Brexit, 5SM/Northern League...). And even worse, to think their vote doesn’t matter.  
Northern Ireland Affairs Select Committee:"We note that WTO rules prevent the UK from unilaterally creating an open border with Ireland without offering this to the entire membership of the WTO"#StopBrexit #VoteEU#Brexit #ABTV 
In search for a political solution for Catalonia? 78,7% of the Catalans and 46,9% of Spaniards support a referendum.72,6% of Catalans and 47,6% of Spanish supports a Federal State.Raw data is clear: status quo and repression are not an option, but political suicide.  
Exactly! I've lived + worked in 4 different European countries + each time had to register with authorities + police + had to show either a work contract or proof I cld look after myself until I found a job! Farage/May & Brexit Tories are LIARS! 
There appears to be no absurdity that the Brexit Ultras, and Rees-Mogg in particular, will not peddle.  
When will the Obama administration be sued for attacking democracy in the Israeli and Brexit elections? Ask @keithellison @TheDemocrats 
This is something, those in favour of Brexit have repeatedly stated. However it seems to fail the first test of Brexit which was to "take back control" particularly of the UK's borders. Seems odd some Brexiters happy for anything to enter U.K. unchecked by the U.K.?   
Never EVER be seduced into thinking that Brexit is normal.  *Do you want to trash Britain?* is not a normal referendum question. Campaigning on outrageous lies & manipulation is not normal democracy. *We don't care about impact analysis* is not a normal Gov't reaction #StopBrexit 
Japan ambassador’s Brexit warning: there won’t be a deal better than the single market  
You do realise that all the leavers will  turn on you once the consequences of leaving the customs union become apparent and what do you think Jeremy corbyn will do to your buy 2 let portfolio when that happens #brexit 
Some see the CU as some kind of post-Brexit comfort blanket. But they're only thinking about the past referendum, not the UK's future. Let's look forwards with confidence. 
British people gave politicians clear instructions through EU referendum. Includes leaving the Customs Union, an intrinsic part of the EU. Britain must leave CU and be able to negotiate & sign own trade deals  
“I'm a professional musician that needs to be able to work” says David from Colchester. That’s why free movement for musicians post-Brexit matters. Sign the petition >  #WorkingInTheEU 
I now support and am a member of the @LibDems after despair at the hard-left takeover of the Labour Party by the 'haters', & the impact of #Brexit on our country.I have met kind, tolerant & progressive people who would like to give you the chance to vote and say no to #Brexit 
A friend of mine came from Poland as a kid-so has an English accent, a customer customer was quite friendly until he learns my friends surname in conversation, on finding out he walked away saying he didnt want to be served by a 'bloody pole' the day after brexit. 
"The EU has say, 500 million people, and the #Commonwealth has 2.5 billion people, plus America, to go at. "Can you imagine how frightened our friends in the EU will be if we use the Commonwealth after Brexit?"  
25th Anniversary of #Eritrea|s #referendum 4 independence #IVotedYes & remind myself everyday what it took 2 get us to that point. Over 65,000 gave their lives, 1000s were maimed & injured, displaced from their homes & villages, separation & exile-NEVER take our freedom 4 granted 
How long is it going to take to sink in?  “Britain will not get a Brexit deal better than current single market, Japan's ambassador to UK saysKoji Tsuruoka says firms like Nissan and Toyota are watching negotiations closely”. 
Coveney spox: "It is curious to say the least that, at a time when Eur backing of Ireland from Donald Tusk, Michel Barnier and governments across the EU has been rock solid, FF is trying to create division and fear on Brexit at home for party political gain and a few headlines"  
Dorset voted Leave.Dorset at the EU Referendum. Counts took place on 23 June 2016 at eight local authorities across the county.249,517 voted for the UK to Leave the EU (56.5%)191,762 voted for the UK to Remain (44.5%) 
Her appeasement on Brexit, her appeasement to radical Islamists, and her government's crackdown on free speech show that she is not fit to be the Leader of Great Britain!  
And here's yet another free trade deal which the EU has concluded with a country outside Europe. Therefore one more free trade deal which we'll LOSE due to Brexit and then will have to renegotiate all over again!! What clever, clever people Brexiters are!! #BrexitShambles 
Historical welcome of PPP Chairman @BBhuttoZardari by People's unity at Shaheed Benazir Bhutto international airport Islamabad after winning CBA referendum 2018 . #PPP #JeayBhutto 
Unpleasant but not ignorant. Rees-Mogg knows exactly what he’s doing. Creating a Weimar myth where Brexit would have worked if only the traitors hadn’t sold their country out.  
Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords COME ON PEOPLE ! PLEASE RT RT RT RT RT RT RT RT 
Better by far to leave the EU with no deal than stay in the Customs Union. A clean Brexit means we can trade freely with anyone else in the world. No need to pay £38 billion too 
More than 90% of Ireland's UK trade is with Great Britain, not Northern Ireland.NI exports ~4 times as much to GB than to Eire. Ireland's own best interest is to push for a good UK-EU free-trade deal rather than trying to stop #Brexit by keeping NI/UK in EU customs union.  
In Westchester, Cuomo gives stump speech for @Shelley4Senate, saying Tuesday’s critical special election is a referendum against the ideology of Republicans in Washington and Albany  
Due to EU nationals going home after Brexit and no longer coming to work in the UK, the Tory UK gov is recruiting Carribbean nurses to fill the hole... At the same time as deporting tens of thousands of "British" Carribbeans...That's not incompetent at all  
The absurdity of the LibDems; “People have the right to change their mind on Brexit. We demand Euroref2”. “People have no right to change their mind on independence. We will block #indyref2  .” 
. @EmilyThornberry says Labour will deny us a #FinalSay vote. Well let's deny them a vote on May 3. The Labour front bench #Brexit shower deserve the political kicking of their lives!#StopBrexit #VoteEU.#ABTV 
You simply can't claim that almost all Brexit voters accepted the loss of access to the Single Market.Farage said we'd get more access than Norway. And one of the heads of @VoteLeave_eu said we'd stay IN the Single Market. 
Loving the Sunday Mail’s shock revelations that a Canadian firm were involved in the independence referendum. This despite it being widely known at the time & even publicised in that sodding paper that the Canadian firm working with the SNP thought Yes had it in the bag. 
Government does deal with Jamaica to recruit nurses to fill gap left by EU staff leaving while deporting others back there #Windrush. Unbelievable!NHS student nurse recruitment was stopped in Jamaica in 2001, but now back due to Brexit. Hypocrisy!  
Switzerland, fully landlocked by the EU, its biggest export destination, is NOT in customs union with the EU and has its own global free-trade arrangements instead.Why would the border in Northern Ireland be a problem unless it was made to be?#Brexit#LeaveCustomsUnion 
If you Vote Labour or Conservative you will be lumped together with Farage, May and Kate Hoey as a Brexiteer. Make your voice heard and reject Brexit.#ABTV #LibDems 
Hampshire voted Leave.Hampshire at the EU Referendum. Counts took place on 23 June 2016 at thirteen local authorities across the county.  546,267 voted for the UK to Leave the EU (54.0%)465,273 voted for the UK to Remain (46.0%) 
Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords . 84,000 Signatures to begin th week. We must ensure a debate to abolish the Lords. RETWEET NOW! 
Willie Rennie and Brewer ramping up anti SNP tripe, they seem to have forgotten that Scotland is ant Brexit anyway, so what’s all this nonsense about? It’s nothing to do with independence. Do people actually take verbal diarrhoea like this seriously?  
Britain staying in EU customs union means only one thing:The EU will TAKE BACK CONTROL of UK trade and prosperity. It's just the opposite of what the British people voted for in the referendum. #Brexit#LeaveCustomsUnion 
Historical welcome of PPP Chairman @BBhuttoZardari by People's unity at Shaheed Benazir Bhutto international airport Islamabad after winning CBA referendum 2018  .  
@EmilyThornberry On Marr Show: Emily Thornberry on whether there should be a second Brexit referendum: "It is quite clear that the public wants us to leave and we will do it." It's also quite clear that will consign Labour to he scrap heap.  
Think carefully.When Labour says it may vote against a Tory Brexit deal, it doesn't mean they'll embrace Remain.It just means they'll try to say that they could get a better deal.Don't fall for Labour Leave lies.Corbyn and the Bennite left want Brexit at ant cost.#ABTV 
Some people are getting fatigued with #Brexit and giving up the fight. I get angrier by the minute! #PeoplesVote 
THEY try to WRECK our true #BREXIT dream GIVE THEM a P45 nightmare sign Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  
Mexico agrees trade deal with EU, another how many trade deals has EU done now since the brexit vote? 4 or 5.. How many trade deals has the UK done 0  #brexit 
We can’t keep dismissing warnings as project fear. The Japanese and all hard headed business people will move production to Europe after Brexit. It will be the logical thing to do for the benefit of their companies. #Final Say #PeoplesVote 
Chairman @BBhuttoZardarireception at Benazir Bhutto international airport Islamabad by the people’s unity after winning the referendum  
Your rank and file #Leaver doesn't care about the CU, SM or Sovereignty, indeed many probably don't even understand what they are. #Brexit for the masses was only about curtailing immigration because right wing propoganda sold them a none existent problem. #Brexit has no benefits 
#Brexit zealots can say "we knew what we voted for" all day long, it doesn't matter.  The vast majority of leavers voted for a pain free brexit, because that's what the charlatans on Vote Leave offered.They were misled, Brexit will be painful 
83k Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords.Sign, Like and Retweet.  
Corbyn is right, the personal decisions of Theresa May have helped to rip apart the lives of many of the Windrush generation..And Corbyn has made a personal decision not to fight Brexit, which will rip apart the lives of young/future generations in the UK.  
Lincolnshire at the EU Referendum count on 23 June 2016. Nine local authorities in Lincolnshire were used as counting areas:380,556 voted for the UK to Leave the EU (66%)196,184 voted for the UK to Remain (34%) 
Carole’s investigation of Cambridge Analytica got really weird when she requested her data from insurance companies linked to brexit financier, Aaron Banks. Thread has the weirdness. #FollowTheData 
The House of Lords' opposition to Brexit is pitting politicians against the Great British Public! 
No-deal Brexit 'disastrous' for food firms  
Japan ambassador’s Brexit warning: there won’t be a deal better than the EU single market.Brexiters mis-sold the public the promise of trade deals. In reality, Brexit puts trade and jobs at risk.Hold a #PeoplesVote to #StopBrexit and #Remain in the EU.  
46,9% of Spaniards think a #referendum would be a solution to get out of the current conflict. In #Catalonia, 78,7% ask the celebration of a referendum and 72,9% ask to modify the Constitution. #TwoCountries 
House of Lords petition.This petition is different. We are demanding a referendum to decide the future of this unelected body.16888 signatures required to get to 100K. Come on folks. We can do it. Let's get to our target today. 
Next time Jacob Rees-Mogg calls opponents of Brexit "cave dwellers", remember that cave dwellers:》Created fire》Looked after their sick and elderly》Lived in harmony with their environment》Created unparalleled artIt's the Leavers who are primitive!  
As the European nation with the most FDI, Britain is already a magnet for investment. Outside the EU's customs union, the UK will be an even stronger attraction for global trade and flows.This is what the EU fears. And this is what the Remainiacs want to stop?#Brexit  
In saner times, the #CambridgeAnalytica scandal would have finished Theresa May's "Government" and would have voided the 2016 Referendum, the fact that the "Emergency Debate" about it was ill attended by MP's says it all!#BrexitShambles 
You know what, let’s just Brexit. Hard.Just let Rees-Mogg declare a huge trade war on Ireland and our closest neighbours.Accept the fantasy. Wave our flags and raise our jam jars.Then, from the smouldering ruins, let’s start over again and do this properly. 
Hey I'm not voting in the referendum bc I shouldn't have a say in something that doesn't affect me. Now my next 70 tweets will be about how to fix my favorite football club 
Sorry. Can I just be clear. Our Brexit policy is to bankrupt other sovereign states? Could someone help me here? To be honest I’m not even sure what hashtag to use #WTF#stopbrexit #. 
Bloody foreigners, coming over here, winning marathons - OUR marathons!After Brexit, we can ban them all from entering the country. Then Brits will be the best London marathon runners in the whole world!  
WATCH  | 'Brexit: Why Britain Left The European Union', perfectly summed up by Mr Brexit himself, @Nigel_Farage.Support us at  
Theresa May & the Tory government have a lot of questions to answer!The TRUTH about the Skripal'sThe TRUTH about Cambridge AnalyticaThe TRUTH about SyriaThe TRUTH about Windrush& not forgettingTHE SHAMBOLIC TORY BREXIT SHAMBLES!!!  
People's unity welcomes PPP Chairman @BBhuttoZardari at Shaheed Benazir Bhutto international airport Islamabad after winning CBA referendum 2018 .#JeayBhutto #JeayZardari@BakhtawarBZ@sherryrehman@ShahNafisa . 
The Lords' customs union amendment will inhibit Britain's ability to strike its own trade deals, and makes us accept EU terms in all trade deals even when not in our interests.- Baroness Kishwer Falkner, sole LibDem peer supporting #Brexit#LeaveCustomsUnion 
If you're in any doubt as to why Scotland must gain independence, digest this.Despite bombing Syria, the Windrush scandal, and the announcement that the UK will be £615M worse off, per week, under the Government's preferred Brexit scenario, they'd STILL win an election!#ScotRef 
I think the Labour leadership believe that even disgruntled Remainers will rally to them during the transition in order to get the least damaging #Brexit. Of course Labour might just end up like the #LibDems, hated for having colluded with the Tories. #StopBrexit #VoteEU#ABTV 
So Brussels determined to play hardball.That’s not necessarily a bad thing.It means we can now press on & deliver Real #BrexitTheresa May said many times, No Deal is better than a bad deal.What #EU is trying to bully us into is very much a BAD deal. 
Updated. Latest LAB voter split on YouGov's Brexit tracker  
“Koji Tsuruoka, who took up the role just over a fortnight before the referendum in June 2016, said Japanese firms are watching negotiations and will want to continue to be located in the single market after next March.”Wink. Nudge.  
Huge support for a #peoplesvote on Harpenden High St today. As the realities of #Brexit become clear, people should have the right to change their minds. We spoke to many people who have already changed theirs. @BimAfolami 
Come on the 17.4 million leave voters..... Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  
Britain will not get a Brexit deal better than current single market, Japan's ambassador to UK says  
Brexit minister reveals how MPs can force @theresa_may to accept a fresh referendum.The prime minister might not want to give the public a #FinalSay.But keep up the pressure on MPs and Lords - they can call a #PeoplesVote to #StopBrexit. 
Treasury predictions during the Brexit campaign were wrong to the tune of £100billion, according to a report which accuses former Chancellor George Osborne of overseeing a “gross miscarriage of government”  
The Social Democrats have launched their campaign for a yes vote in the referendum on the Eighth Amendment  
Constant bullying by Brussels is tiresome & only confirms #EU is dominated by fanatical Federalists who will stop at nothing until all Europe is under their control.Bullying cultivates such an intense dislike & loathing that Leaving is inevitable & reversing #Brexit impossible. 
Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  
No surprise to see Mickey Harte campaigning for a No in a referendum he doesn't have a vote in. The same Mickey Harte who;Gave a character reference to a rapist because he was from a "well known GAA family" Campaigns against contraception Opposes Marriage Equality 
Japan ambassador’s Brexit warning: there won’t be a deal better than the single market  
BRITISH FARMERS TAKE NOTE!Now is the time to get a jump on post Brexit meat supplies by forming your own co-operative secular abattoires!!Indigenous Britains are incandescent about the repugnant image below!  
It is just astonishing that so much misinformation has entered the #Brexit debate. EU gives tariff free access to African and less developed countries -  UK helped achieve this- so if we leave EU we can't offer those poor countries a better deal!!  
Jacob Rees-Mogg:"It's clear #EU is not going to accept anything short of us remaining in Customs Union but we're not going to split up UK simply to help Leo Varadkar at next election.EU is jeopardising the economic future of Republic of Ireland"#Brexit 
How Brexit will hit British musicians, other artists  (thx @jonhenley) 85% of all TV shows made ex EU and shown on European TV stations are sold out of London. £2bn, 10k employees niche industry. Can't work outside S Market @danielrhamilton @MarkFieldUK 
Jacob Rees-Mogg:Ireland said it doesn't want a hard border,UK said it doesn't want a hard border,#EU itself said it doesn't want a hard border.Frankly it's up to Brussels if it wants to start putting up border postsWe should call their bluff.#Brexit 
Things we just have to accept, they won't change. Sigh.> Labour antisemitism.> Labour undermining Brexit.> Labour lies.> Labour cons.> Labour smears.> Labour immorality.> Labour's Diane Abbott.> Labour's Tony Blair.> Labour's Jeremy Corbyn.> Labour's Sadiq Khan. 
Fishing communities betrayed- check!Total backslide to betray Brexit underway- check!HELP US & SHOW SUPPORT TO SAVE BRITAIN'S FISHING BY PROUDLY WEARING ONE OF OUR T-SHIRTS OR FLY THE FLAGSHOW YOUR SUPPORT FOR THE 'ACID TEST' OF TAKING BACK CONTROL 
It is not often you see feminists and Christian conservatives joining forces, but America’s first statewide referendum on transgender “bathroom laws” in Massachusetts has united them  
Just goes to further prove the lala land of brexit.  A loss of €800 million  in Ireland's beef exports to brritian will not cripple our economy. Our total 2017 exports were €122 billion. Total beef exports in 2017 €2.5billion. And 70% tarrifs would work BOTH ways but not just 
Rees-Mogg calls for destructive trade war on Ireland unless they give UK what it wants on #brexit.Problem is this would be both legally & technically impossible as well as being a rather hateful policy in itself.   
Again @EmilyThornberry says if 90% of the public turn against Brexit @UKLabour will change its policy. So a couple of percent to leave the EU but 90% is needed to remain! Ridiculous! @MarrShow 
Bang goes Brexit if we fall for this customs con trick, here's why @theresa_may must oppose EU efforts to bully the UK into a bad Brexit deal, writes @DavidJonesMP 
“The rest of the country are saying ‘get on with it’ and start talking about the opportunities from Brexit rather than this infighting from London saying it’s all going to be terrible,” says Mayor of the Tees Valley @BenHouchen 
‘@georgegalloway: Lords push to undo Brexit as voted for by the British people is an act of high treason.  
A film which the #BBC doesn't want you to see: An insight into how they manipulate everything you think, through media misrepresentationHow the BBC stole the Scottish Referendum in 2014 
80,870 signatures in 4 days!  Well done everyone - keep R'ting - Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  
John Redwood: What we want from #BrexitIt's time to remind ourselves why a majority in UK voted to leave EU with or without a deal with the EU.UK Leaving is also better for EU so they can press ahead with their political union without UK hindrance.#EU 
#Brexit minister reveals how MPs can force Theresa May to accept fresh referendum  
Japan ambassador’s Brexit warning: there won’t be a deal better than the single market  
I am ruling out a vote for @UKLabour until they get the fence out of their arse, come down hard against this kakistocracy and the Brexit that drives it. I will not be voting @UKLabour while they facilitate the Tories and their Brexit.  
"I received the kind of racism I haven't had since the 80s." @BZephaniah in the weeks post-Brexit vote. More w/ @JPonpolitics @bbc5live 
‘May preparing to surrender over plans to leave Customs Union’If Brexit won’t make us richer (and will make us poorer), it won’t help NHS, won’t reduce immigration and we won’t have our own trade deals, what’s the point of going ahead with this lunacy? 
The UK is entitled to have a vote on Brexit ‘fact not fancy’.The process and outcome then can be fully owned and endorsed, as it will have been open, genuine, transparent and factual. It’s rapidly becoming the most important and significant political decision in our lifetime.  
The maker of Lurpak butter is making €400 million of cuts as the impact of Brexit spreads  
No deal Brexit will be 'disastrous' for food and drinks industry, MPs warn  
Just a reminder, MPs overwhelmingly backed #Remain before the Brexit referendum. They know Brexit will be bad for Britain, so they should #BackBritainNotBrexit and give us a #People’s Vote 
Mrs May if true this will not be Brexit we were independent and voted to be again the Lilly livered MPs are not the electorate we want out of EU #deliver @theresa_may @BorisJohnson @michaelgove @DavidDavisMP 
The fur is starting to fly between the Brexiteers and the Brexit-ultras. Reality can’t be deferred for much longer and hard choices will have to be made. #WheelsComingOff 
If you intended to vote tactically in the local elections two weeks ago, don't falter now. Ignore pseudo-promises, hints of a 'long game' or concessions being possible. The timing of these utterances is not a coincidence. Vote pro-EU, anti-Brexit PARTIES, not candidates #ABTV 
BREAKING - 'May's advisers believe a U-turn could force the International Trade Scretay Liam Fox and the foreign secretary Boris Johnson to resign.' 
Brexit = "I want my cake and it" . I want to leave the gym but continue using all the equipment. #FBPE #ABTV 
A profile here is necessary. I am a 66yr old, retired, Londoner. I was a Labour Party member for 33 years. I now have no Party allegiance. I am a socialist on the mid-left of politicking. I oppose Brexit vehemently. I believe the PM must resign now. I love Humphrey Bogart movies. 
BREXIT: “Just walk away” demand Mail readers, seemingly more interested in excited hyperbole than any kind of actual thoughts…  
CA's parent group told the talks with SNP’s external consultant were to discuss Brexit.SNP spokesman: “This is utter concoction and fantasy without a shred of basis in truth or fact.”Or is that Nat code for "Guilty"?  
Japan ambassador’s Brexit warning: there won’t be a deal better than the single market  
This long piece by the composer Howard Goodall is just about the most devastating indictment of Brexit I’ve read. Thanks for the pointer, @jonathancoe and @PhilippeAuclair  
Forty seven million of us did not vote for Brexit. Never forget it! We are in a huge majority and we feel strongly and deeply about it. #PeoplesVote#StopBrexitSaveBritain#FBPE 
Please read this thread re #ContinuityBill & @UKSupremeCourt #brexit #ScotlandsPlaceInEurope  
The power to refer under s.33 is discretionary. The UK Govt did not have to make this reference. Their motivation is political because they want to keep the Scottish Parliament @scotgov “in their place” in relation to #Brexit i.e. powerless 
Remain’s economic case for a customs union is so plainly flawed, they stick to it because their real motivations are to make Brexit seem impossible. Even on the Irish border, 'a' customs union in itself also does not do anything about the issue of ‘regulatory alignment’. 
Are you one of the EU 3m?Or a voter under 20 years old?In 11 days, you finally get your say on Brexit.#ABTV. Vote TACTICAL. 
I'm honestly yet to hear a single convincing argument as to why the sixth largest economy in the world, and second largest exporter of services, should stay a member of the EU's Customs Union post-Brexit and be subject to the EU’s trade rules without being able to influence them. 
Voting for @LibDems, @TheGreenParty, or @Renew_Britain in the local elections on the 3rd of May WILL help send a #StopBrexit message to the government. If you have a vote, please use it wisely, and take part in #ABTV (anti-Brexit tactical voting)!  
Emily Thornberry on whether there should be a second Brexit referendum: "It is quite clear that the public wants us to leave and we will do it." #marr 
Emily Thornberry has just conceded that "there's no alternative to staying in the Customs Union." She's also just conceded Labour might shift against Brexit if it can be demonstrated public opinion has.Drip, drip .... 
Brexit minister reveals how MPs can force Theresa May to accept fresh referendum  
EXCLUSIVE: The shocking truth about the Single Market which no-one will tell you.  The #Brexit Facts4EU team will.  Read our research & exposé here:  
Theresa May's lie that Brexit can't be reversed is unravelling. Even her most loyal ministers admit it. People with common sense on both sides know you shouldn't go ahead with a deal that bears no relation to fantasy promised by Leave campaign. #FinalSay  
The #Windrush scandal reminds me that Brexit, idiotic as it is, appalling as the consequences might be, remains only a battle in a wider war. A war which must not be lost against the far rightward march of Conservative Britain. 
In any event does seem that post Brexit, EU trade negotiation is now moving at warp speed*, Mexico comprehensive deal just done... *except with U.K. 
Interesting piece by Dominic Lawson this morning. Quotes Michael Ambühl, Switzerland's chief EU negotiator, who rubbishes EU arguments on Irish border. It's all politics. EU does not want Brexit to be painless or straightforward, even when it could be.  
The endless 'Brexit is inevitable' talk. The PM asserting attempts to remain would not be tolerated, the complete rejection of petitions and pro-EU lobbying. It is designed to silence. Brexit can be stopped, in Parliament or by the people.#StopBrexit 
Windrush immigration cases contain a warning for Brexit via @FTIt really is time for the migration target to go. @CBItweets have been clear for years: it’s a blunt tool that dehumanises the system and isn’t necessary for control. 
BREXIT BLUNDER: Project Fear got its sums WRONG by £100 BILLION - new figures from EFT’s Professor Tim Congdon  
Big conundrum for “Global Britain”, & the PM’s espousal of it... does the need for post Brexit trade deals with world’s biggest democracy, a Commonwealth ally, change her view on this?  
If .@carolecadwalla ‘s meticulous work to uncover what was going on beneath Brexit referendum was no threat to Arron Banks -why does he relentlessly hound her like this?Why has his company collected all this data of hers?#marr #CambridgeAnalytica 
Jacob Rees-Mogg - "Ireland, the UK and the EU itself has said it doesn't want a hard border, so frankly it's up to Brussels if it wants to start putting up border posts. We should call their bluff." #Brexit  
Important intervention today from @DavidJonesMP on why @theresa_may must oppose EU efforts to bully the UK into a bad Brexit deal  
In the rich plethora of bad Brexit takes, ideological rants about the Irish border stand out. All follow the same template:1) EU is mean2) ignore UK agreed to a backstop if no other workable option to avoid a hard border is found3) never explain how they'd avoid a hard border 
David Davis 'to lead Cabinet revolt against Theresa May' over 'stitch up' customs deal with the EU | David Jones MP: Bang goes Brexit if we fall for this customs con trick | Project Fear got its sums wrong by £100 billion, economist claims  
This post by @Howard_Goodall on the impact of leaving the EU on the UK music and creative industries is one of the best pieces about Brexit I've read. Read it, from beginning to end, and then multiply by every industry and sector you can think of  
Donegal doctors give backing to 'no' campaign ahead of upcoming abortion referendum | Donegal Now#savethe8th #votenotoabortion 
A ‘customs partnership’ is nothing more than a Byzantine scheme designed first to slow down Brexit and then to strangle it - EFT Adviser and former Brexit Minister @DavidJonesMP  
I'm not a customer of Eldon insurance. I've never used it. Yet this is some of the info Arron Banks has on me - via a price comparison website, Moneysupermarket. What does he have on you? Did he - & @nigel_farage -  use it in Brexit?  
Not British Enough: the DUP and the (next) great #Brexit betrayal  via @wordpressdotcom 
- Multiple whistleblowers stating the Brexit referendum may have been illegal- Boris Johnson meeting with Alexander Nix of #CambridgeAnalytica - Nigel Farage & Jacob Rees-Mogg meeting with Steve BannonWho are really the Enemies of the People & the Saboteurs? #marr 
Last July, I used Moneysupermarket for a car insurance quote. In January I found out they'd passed that personal info to Arron Banks's company. This week, parliament was told he used insurance data to campaign for Brexit. Creepy? Much?  
People who voted for Brexit didn’t know they were creating a political class that is now untouchable and unsackable.  
Theresa May is channelling Trump more & more... #marr #Brexit 
Conclusion: Brexit at any cost and no one implementing it can ever be sacked — and that’s cool with the Opposition.  
Dear #FBPE UK residents, in just under 2 weeks there is an election.This is the LAST CHANCE before Brexit that an election will be held. This is the ONE AND ONLY opportunity to make some sort of statement on what is going on. It's not just about Brexit.#ABTV#WATON1/n 
A referendum won by the narrowest of margins which used data illegally does not represent the ‘will of the people’. The narrow result was achieved by flouting the law @Labour4EU @labour4europe @EuroLabour 
you just couldnt make this up - this is how the Brexit mind works = FFS wake up and accept the fact that we in the UK need EU nationals to run the country  
"The European Union produced laws in a form of gobbledygook, of stentorian sesquipedalian sentences that nobody can ever understand."#Brexit #Moggmentum 
If people actually knew the extent of the corruption and manipulation used by the EU daily to force through their nationalist one-state master-plan, the vote to leave would have been an absolute landslide! Remainers need to shake off their delusions & wake up. #Brexit 
It looks like a Brexit crunch is coming this week. Olly Robbins, the guy actually doing the negotiating, has persuaded key cabinet members that leaving the customs union is an...  
I Can’t wait Bring it on 
Minister David Gauke has been helping to fund Jacob Rees-Mogg's Hard Brexit 'European Research Group'...and claiming it back on expenses. Nothing says 'dodgy' quite like getting the tax payer to fund a special interest lobby group. #StopBrexit #Marr  #Paterson 
Irelands ‘Brexit-busting’ ferry can accommodate more than 600 lorries. If all the parking lanes on the 235m long boat were laid end to end, it would stretch to almost 8 kilometres, making it the world’s largest short-sea roll-on roll-off vessel.  
EXCLUSIVE: Look what I’ve found here: A real Russian Bot! The one who fixed the Brexit referendum, US election & who has convinced the British public that UK govt is not telling the truth on the #SkripalCase and #SyriaStrikes. If Sky News want an interview with it, I need my 10%. 
BREXIT BLUNDER: TREASURY predictions during the Brexit campaign were wrong to the tune of £100billion, according to a report which accuses former Chancellor remainer George Osborne of overseeing a “gross miscarriage of government”.  
there are commentators on here who say that a positive of Brexit is that Parliament is waking up again to its power. Wrong.They clearly have no immigrant family who will today face another torrent of abuse.There is not one single positive outcome of Brexit. 
When I look at what's happened to the #WindrushGeneration it really makes me worried that people with dual UK/EU27 citizenship will fall victim to xenophobia if Brexit goes ahead. Will they be forced to choose between one nationality and the other? That's what the hardcore wants. 
SCL source claims a pre-Brexit meeting with SNP revealed public support for Brexit but privately wanted a ‘leave’ outcome to boost independence. @AgentP22 @Ian_Burnett_ @lass_ayrshire @2351onthelist @cultfree54 @graeme_from_IT @mik61scot @ukunionvoice @ProfScottThinks @BRRSC 
The EU now has a major trade agreement with Mexico. Uk won't be part of it if we Brexit.#FBPE 
This #Brexit idiocy marks the beginning of the end of Labour+Conservative dominance in the UK, even if Brexit is cancelled. Expect Parliament to remain hung for the next few General Elections until the middle ground gains enough of a share to bring proportional representation in. 
Seriously, at a certain point those who genuinely abhor racism and xenophobia, but who voted in good faith for Brexit for unrelated reasons, are going to have to face up to the reality of what their decision has inadvertently unleashed. This is surely sickening to anyone.  
Could the UK vote again on Brexit? The prospects are rising.The New York Times covers what @BBCNews won’t.The demand for a #PeoplesVote to #StopBrexit and #Remain in the EU is growing. 
Anti-Brexit (I.e. anti-Westphalian treaty type) thinks it’s illogical to call him an enemy of the West. Someone get this fucktard a history book.  
I’m leaving my job in the NHS to go work in Germany. Even under the simpler rules for EU applicants it was a mammoth job getting my British qualifications recognised. Post-Brexit I imagine it would have been nigh on impossible. So thankful that I still have this chance. 
Using the subject access request to chase down her own data, @carolecadwalla tells her incredible story uncovering brazen abuses of data protection law to swing brexit. RECEIPTS. Targeted harassment ensued.  
#Trump admin has finally criticized Iraq’s attack on #Kirkuk. Baghdad’s “reassertion of federal authority in disputed areas” after #Kurdistan independence referendum “resulted in reports of abuses &atrocities by #PMF predominantly Shiite militias.  
It is absolutely despicable that those in favour of hard Brexit are trying to use #Windrush to promote their agenda by blaming it on Remainers and the EU. The responsibility for #Windrush rests entirely with the UK government. Including its Brexiter members. They voted for it. 
Brexiter #doublespeak.- Fraser Nelson: Govt Remainers are responsible for #Windrush harshness- Jacob Rees-Mogg: EU is the ultimate architect of the Windrush disaster- Lilico: Windrush is not about immigration, Brexit will enable Govt to control immigration properly in future 
It's hardly a mandate for the most extreme version of Brexit given that, if we'd asked 100 people to flip a coin, it probably would have been 52-48 too. 
*Brexit Explained*  
Stunning, and equally disturbing, journalism by the force that is @carolecadwalla (and her 29-year-old Peugeot!!)If you've purchased insurance using a price comparison website, then some very unsavoury characters may have illegally misused your data: 
Dear @DavidMundellDCT This is my weekly tweet.Could you inform me of all the powers that are being returned to Holyrood following Brexit, please? Thank you. 
Of course Cameron made more appearances. He called the referendum. But let's compare Cameron and Corbyn. According to YouGov's data, Cameron's campaign secured a remain vote from 39% of Tories. Corbyn delivered 65% of Labour voters.  
I am a Canadian national with a UK EU passport.The thought of being stripped of my EU citizenship sickens me & I have no interest in a Brexit British passport. Given the Referendum result and what has happened since I feel ashamed to live in a country with such little decency. 
I’ve stopped being friends with someone who has been my best friend for 8 years.He has steadily become more and more racist since #Brexit and I can no longer tolerate it.I loved the friend I had, but I despise what he has become.  
THIS. This is just one of too many reasons why Remainers are so fucking angry. If you voted #Brexit you are partly responsible for this. If you continue to support a Brexit party, you will be partly responsible every time it happens in future. Britain is better than this.  
All-round idiot Digby Jones hopes there'll be a Brexit benefit in "100 years time"  
The EU has a paranoid obsession with preventing UK from gaining full independence. Fearing a competitive, dynamic economy popping up just next door. The Lords and Tory rebels are useful idiots for the EU's Brexit negotiators, acting to bind the Govt hands on the EU Customs Union. 
Former Brexit Minister David Jones on the ‘partnership’ customs plan being pushed by Oliver Robbins, the Prime Minister’s Brexit adviser at No 10: "I speak for many Tory MPs when I say that whatever the consequences, we could never vote for it."  
Brexit is a bad choice and it will have severe negative repercussions for Britain but it will not turn us into Cambodia in Pol Pot's year zero.  
The 'Andrews Sisters' #Neil & #Marr's BBC Brexit bias will be as big a scandal as Savile, Rotheram, Hillsborough & Windrush one day... when the media decide to report it.  
BREXIT WIN: Australian PM reveals UK 'in talks' to sign EPIC trade deal worth £10TRILLION  
Remaining in the EU Customs Union would be totally unacceptable and a betrayal of Brexit:  
Here's your first look at tomorrow's Sunday Mail front page: Canadian firms hired by Yes campaign to target Facebook users ahead of 2014 referendum #scotpapers 
This article is my attempt to compile what in my view are the key arguments for undecided referendum voters who are open to the evidence. #RepealThe8th#Together4Yes 
BrexitNot a sound from the PavementHas the UK lost its memory?She is dying all aloneIn the firelightThe withered trade deals collect at my feetAnd the Brexiters still moanBrexit All alone in the WorldI can smile at the old daysI was beautiful then#MakeAShowSongBrexity 
The Irish could have named the ship the "Brexit Britain Bypass"#StopBrexit #VoteEU 
So Neil, you are fighting hard to wreck Brexit because you believe the EU is best for Britain. Oh really? Don't you mean best for you?  
Very good article on how Brexit will affect the music industry. (Spoiler: badly)  
Hello @UKLabour @jeremycorbyn @Keir_Starmer Can you be sensible on #Brexit please so that I can vote for you.The TUC warn of 100,000 lost jobs in the NEThe GFA needs the SM & CU for peace.Please back a #PeoplesVote#ABTV pic.twitter.com/Pv87wdkTKO 
When talking about the Northern Irish border always remember it's really the UK/Irish border and after Brexit it's going to be the EU/UK border. One of the many external borders the EU has, including Russia, Turkey and Serbia. 
BBC News - Cable to urge SNP to back campaign for new Brexit vote  
A timing of a second independence referendum is the big debate in our movement just now. What are the 'optimum conditions' for success and how do we work towards them? New on my blog.  
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said that #Brexit is an incredible opportunity for Australia and Britain to lead the world on free trade.He backed Britain to make its withdrawal from the EU a success, something he said that Australia will support. 
I am sure Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn don’t actually read any of our tweets but their people do, so keep em coming, Brexit is wrong for the UK and the message will eventually leak through. 
No discrimination. U.K. will be treated like any other third country. Ireland issue is a consequence of the will of the British Government, not only to leave EU, but also to leave CU and SM. It was known before the referendum that such a will would lead to a difficult dilemma.  
Brexit minister reveals how MPs can force Theresa May to accept fresh referendum - The Independent  
Global Britain, they said. Trade with the world, they said. Free trade area ten times bigger than the EU, they said. Clean break from EU will help secure trade deals, they said. We’ll sign 40 trade deals the second after Brexit, they said.  
Data from  May have been used to illegally target voters in the referendum.  
As British lawmakers threaten to derail "Brexit," pro-Europeans push for a second referendum  
."Theresa May has tried to pretend that any vote in parliament on a Brexit deal would be a take-it-or-leave it proposition.Now her OWN ministers have admitted that’s NOT true.". 
This is a growing scandal. Letting brexit go ahead is like letting Nixon remain president after Watergate. @BBCNews @Channel4News @theresa_may #cambridgeanalytica #BrexitFraud  
Lesson in all of this?Southport voted Tory and Sunderland voted Brexit.Just saying. 
It is not possible to have an effective democratic process when the government lies about the basic constitutional & legal elements of the process.Here is a petition response mendaciously portraying the referendum result as an "instruction"#StopBrexit #VoteEU#Brexit #ABTV 
Today, Fine Gael Ministers, TDs and Councillors came together to call for a Yes vote in the referendum on May 25th. #8thRefHere’s why: 
Hard Brexit the voting intention of way less than 16.1m people... and they say we are 'subverting democracy.'  
A nod and a nudge to those who will go out to vote on 03/05 on #LE2018.. Your children & grandchildren will live with the "moneybox" you leave them..Forget the money, but they will also live with the society you create or destroy..#ABTV #Stopbrexit VOTE ANTI BREXIT PARTIES!  
Britain is putting itself on the wrong side of history with #Brexit. It is socially and economically damaging. We should be part of the EU; at the heart of the debate about the future of Europe. Let's #StopBrexit with a #PeoplesVote 
Mexico, the next country to seek a trade agreement with the EU. Hard on the heels of Japan, Singapore and Canada. Brexit turns our back on the world, the EU had dozens of trade agreements, we will have none if we let Brexit happen. #peoplesvote 
The sad truth about Brexit is that project fear did not even come close to the disaster that is now beginning to rip the union apart. 
We'll "Destroy Brexit"... While saving the country.  That's a WIN-WIN  
Christina Applegate unwillingly plays an annoying game in a grocery store parking lot.  
The Tories have a serious dislike of the Rule of Law when it applies to government. Consider their furious responses to the Article 50 court case starting with Theresa May describing it as "trying to subvert" democracy. No wonder they hate the ECJ and ECHR.#StopBrexit #Brexit  
Slogans on buses and secret donationsScraping your data oh look it’s the RussiansNo pesky tax rules for all my rich palsThese are a few of my favourite thingsThe Sound of BrexitStarring Boris Von Trapp#MakeAShowSongBrexity 
Brexiteers. Please sign and RT Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  
."Personal information gathered from price comparison websites may have been used WITHOUT people’s knowledge or consent by pro-Brexit campaigners in the European referendum.". by @carolecadwalla 
A Month of #Islam and Multiculturalism in #Germany: March 2018. A disturbing litany of events which I fear can only get worse with #Sweden also encountering similar problems which even @BBCNewsnight has started to cover! @AmberRuddHR #UK #EU #Brexit  
Staying in the Customs Union would be a bad deal. Our trade negotiators would be hamstrung, unable to sign comprehensive deals with big and emerging economies alike. #Brexit  
PRO REMAIN PARTIES only.Both Conservatives AND Labour claimed the GE vote was a vote to support their Brexit.Kick them both in the ballots on 3rd May!Lib Dems, Greens, Renew.  Watch out for 48% endorsement.  
DONT LET THIS SLOW DOWN ~ DO WHAT IT TAKES TO SPREAD THE WORD.......Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  
."British holidaymakers could miss out on compensation if flights are cancelled by Brexit – because we are running out of time to negotiate a new aviation deal.". 
BREXIT WIN: Australian PM reveals UK 'in talks' to sign EPIC trade deal worth £10TRILLION  
Don't tell me not to flyI've simply got toIf someone takes a spillIt's me and not youWho told you you're allowedTo Brexit on my parade #MakeAShowSongBrexity#StopBrexit 
And my favourite result of the EU Referendum count on 23 June 2016? Sunderland. Of course. The tally in the city of Sunderland:82,394 voted for the UK to Leave the EU51,930 voted for the UK to Remain.When Sunderland was announced, we all knew Leave had won. 
Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious.Everybody sane agrees that Brexit is atrocious.#MakeAShowSongBrexity 
'Oh you, shitty shitty #Brexit, shitty shitty #Brexit we hate you....'#MakeAShowSongBrexity 
honestly the thought of the referendum is making me sick with nerves, if a no vote is passed i genuinely don’t see a future for myself in this country and that’s terrifying 
Brilliant piece.  And music is about so much more than money - a cliche but music really is a universal language.  The UK has lost two orchestras to Brexit. 1/..  
I will be posting a new blog on what I believe are the 'optimal conditions' for success in a second referendum in the next hour. Tune in soon. What we need to see to win. 
Am I Brexit-obsessed? Well, yes. But, to be fair, if there were a bear in my house and it was going to destroy my home, I’d be pretty bloody bear-obsessed. It’s a fairly reasonable response. 
Just spoken to my mum, she's 86 next week and voted remain. She is disgusted with Theresa May and told me very proudly she has sent off her postal vote already. #ABTV 1, #brexit parties 0 #ABTV18 good old mum  
It is not good enough @johnmcdonnellMP saying Labour will not rule out a #FinalSay, just before the local council elections. What is required is a firm commitment to a #FinalSay, & a frank admission from Labour that all forms of #Brexit will harm the many.#StopBrexit #VoteEU 
Thanks to Hilary Benn for coming to Leeds! He is doing a great job scrutinising the government on Brexit - but it is always better to put the fire out than to just save the valuables from the fire!  
I’ll be in conversation with @Scotpol1314 tomorrow afternoon for The Sunday Interview discussing how we can persuade Scots to make the journey from No to Yes like me, and how we can win the forthcoming Scottish independence referendum #ScotRef 
Totally inappropriate of Mickey Harte to try to use the GAA in the referendum debate. 
Yes that's, the plan. Remainers have made it clear from the very beginning that we intend to destroy a foolish, self-destructive #Brexit built on a rigged electorate, a mountain of hate & lies, foreign interference & the systematic abuse of democracy.#StopBrexit #VoteEU#ABTV 
Labour gives clearest signal yet that it will join forces with rebel Tories to try to defeat Theresa May on Brexit  
Worried that his violent crackdown won't guarantee victory in referendum to extend his term, Burundi Pres Nkurunziza silences media to ensure no critical commentary.  
I feel very strongly about this. #Brexit will destroy the UK music industry. Do I care about the industry? Personally no. But I do care enormously about the music & the musicians: British music & musicians have had a huge worldwide cultural effect. Soft power. And that will die.  
So true. My father was in Bomber Command for 4 years,pretty heroic(Brexit spivs,probs not so much). He ended as passionate European,pro Merkel,anti jingoist.His kind never used WW2 to inflame nationalism.  
And Corbyn was criticised for being 'invisible' during the EU referendum, when it was more that he and Labour were ignored.  
Today I resigned from @UKLabour. Why? #Brexit And #racism I advise others to do the same#WATON #FBPE@CarolineLucas @mikegalsworthy @ChukaUmunna @TheGreenParty @Femi_Sorry @DavidLammy @jessphillips @stellacreasy @fascinatorfun @acgrayling @Another_Europe @EmmaDixon_EU pic.twitter.com/cBIsmnClLY 
Brexit is the worst economic suicide note any country has written in last 100 years & campaign was based entirely on wishful thinking ignorance & lies is rapidly unfolding before our very eyes as gdp slows as the highly productive migrants depart and the divorce bill mounts duh  
Just a reminder that the NHS was built at the end of WW2 when Britain was flat broke more broke than Brexit will ever makes us. Moreover, affordable housing was delivered to millions of people and key industries nationalised. I am against Brexit but Remainers have to do better.  
Excellent explanation of how Brexit affects the music industry. As with every aspect of Brexit, as soon as you dig into the detail it becomes clear that vague slogans (taking back control, global Britain etc) just don't cut it.  
Boris Johnson meeting with Alexander Nix from #CambridgeAnalytica Farage & Rees-Mogg meeting with Steve Bannon. But of course....they are just men of the people.....nothing to see here.....#Brexit 
Vince Cable is right, Tony Blair is right, John Major is right, Lord Adonis is right, et al are right, and so many millions of ‘the people’ agree: a Brexit referendum based on ‘fact not fancy’ is the answer to the situation the UK has been placed in.  
Yes outrageous lies from Leave campaign for sure. Sadly no post Referendum accountability as they well knew.  
Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  
5. It’s entirely possible that all secure military and government comms could be impacted.Additionally, how much impact will the loss of expertise cause? I’m guessing six years platform and launch equipment development.In short, it’s a clusterfuck. Happy Brexit everyone. 
2. So Brexit is likely to cause a problem...yes, another one.A few weeks ago May was begging to stay in Galileo, the satellite programme. Airbus won the tender for this but have said they may need to pull back to France within weeks... 
Yet still so many appear to trust a Labour leadership hellbent on #Brexit & the undemocratic denial of a Binding #FinalSayForAll with the option to #StopBrexitSaveBritain. They'll be losing so much.If you want #Remain don't vote Labour #LE2018 #ABTVtoStopBrexit#ABTV18 #FairVote 
May should now speak to the people:"We accepted the referendum result and have tried to implement the wishes of the 52%. We explored a range of options to do so.I have to tell you now, that Britain cannot exit the EU without severe and long-term damage to its future."  
Britain's attitude on customs now threatens collapse in #Brexit talks  
You really are a deceptive idiot (to be polite)The Windrush situation has nothing to do with present day control of immigration or securing borders.As usual,  you create a clever  'Fog of Brexit'  but thankfully Leave voters can see clearly right through it,  sorry.  
Busy day in Altrincham today, lots of people signing postcards to @Graham__Brady demanding a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal.  
I found this in a history book published in 2030. Buried in the chapter “The Day the #PeoplesVote cancelled #Brexit”.  
1. So here’s a “How Deep In The Shit Does Brexit Put Britain” thread relating to defence, Airbus, and Satellites... 
BREXIT WIN: Australian PM reveals UK 'in talks' to sign EPIC trade deal worth £10TRILLION  
Customs Union, Irish Border and now bad British security systems. The EU is using its usual "trash the other side" negiotiating tactics. The Americans got so fed up with it they stoped the TTIP negotiations. UK should do the same over Brexit deal. 
By 73% to 21% those LAB voters polled by YouGov say Brexit wrong. 
On Monday @UKHouseofLords will vote on whether we keep the EU Charter of Fundamental Rights after #Brexit. The Charter includes rights protections we simply don't have equivalents of in UK law. Read our (2 page) briefing with @AmnestyUK here:  
I have one question for Labour.Why are the Tories still in power?Is a party that can't even defeat this limping excuse for a government actually fit to lead the country?#FBPE #StopBrexit #brexit 
#Leave voters think #Brexit isn't turning out as well as they hoped, poll finds  
TUC chief: '100,000 jobs under threat in the North-East because of Brexit'.Then @FrancesOGrady and @The_TUC should back a #PeoplesVote to #StopBrexit and #Remain in the EU. 
Shocking analysis of cost in lost taxes for Brexit deals@theresa_may preferred "bespoke" deal will cost the equivalent of 22% of the UK's entire NHS budget (£615m per week)Analysis by @jdportes We need a #peoplesvote on the deal 
Even after TUC warnings of job cuts & #Windrush,it makes me so angry this Labour leadership is happy to wrap itself up in the flag of Brexit 
GIRLS I just did my first canvas and it was sooooo grand, if you can head out for even one evening it's 100% not scary or tough, give it a go before the referendum! 
Is it me or are a lot of @jeremycorbyn supporter's getting really ratty about people pointing out that Brexit is a catastrophic idea and they're supporting it? 
Poppycock ! MP’s cannot operate effectively without their local council. This is our last chance before brexit to explain AGAIN to Labour & Conservatives they have no mandate . GE17 was a hung HoC yet both parties hijacked our tactical vote. In LE’s vote #ABTVtoStopBrexit 
EU HAVE BEEN WARNED: Britain ready to QUIT Brussels satellite project as Brexit row grows  
Just please don’t ask us about Brexit  
This is a remarkable result - thanks Brendan for pushing the concerns of people who contacted me after being turned down for work because they held Irish & not British passports. This story is typical of Brexit generally & UK gov not understanding or caring about nuances of NI  
TUC chief: '100,000 jobs under threat in the North-East because of Brexit'  
'We still wrong women in Ireland today': Fine Gael launch referendum campaign #together4yes 
Windrush mess will be worse after Brexit.@theresa_may’s approach to the #Windrush generation is shameful.The next scandal will be how she stripped us all of our rights to live and work across the EU with Brexit.Hold a #PeoplesVote to #StopBrexit. 
Sidmouth Street stall. Brexitometer. People are not happy about Brexit and want a #PeoplesVote @juliegirling @Devon4Europe @_Britain4Europe @neil_parish 
Pro-Europeans in Britain have begun to sense a change in the prevailing winds over "Brexit" and are actively trying to drum up support for another say over the country’s future.  
Nation should consider next elections a referendum:  via @YouTube 
I don't understand Corbyn Labour.They tell me they can't oppose the Tories on Brexit, the most important consideration of a generation, because they are not in power. Yet they can and do oppose other issues and rightly so.Why?#ABTV to #StopBrexit 
."I didn’t realize how big it was going to be.If there were another vote, a lot of people would change their minds & vote to stay this time.”The words of a reformed Brexit voter..... . 
'If Nigel Farage thinks Britain, not Germany, lost the war and Brexit has 'restored national pride', who does that make him?'  
Good to be out supporting @McCrossanMLA in Omagh today again. The only candidate who will go to Westminster and vote against Brexit. #McCrossan4MP @SDLPlive 
I said I'd respond properly to @NadineDorries MP's polite question to me about Brexit with a perspective of the music industry. Here's my response:  
A stronger pound could shave hundreds of millions off the Brexit divorce bill, says @GeorgeTrefgarne 
Join in with us from 7.30pm onwards for fun with songs from the musicals. Feel free to dip in and out, but clicking on our links and maybe making a donation or sharing your Brexit impact stories would be nice.Thank you. 
Well Woman was at @FineGael's launch of their referendum campaign earlier; strong calls for compassion and change from @campaignforleo, @josephamadigan and @SimonHarrisTD. Lots of community and activist groups there too. @TFMRIRE @1familyireland. #TogetherForYes #FineGaelForYes 
Think about this before you waste a vote on Lib Dems jyst because your mad about Brexit. If you want to take it out on somebody take it out on Tories, they caused all this! #VoteLabourMay3rd and hurt the Tories!#HostileToriesOutNow 
Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  
Ah, @KateHoeyMP. Kate was, for nine years, chair of the pro-hunting Countryside Alliance - the Countryside Alliance has more than 100,000 signed up members - they, alongside many other right-wing bodies, groups and individuals, were clients of #AIQ >> #CambridgeAnalytica >> #SCL 
Actually Remainers need to change their tactics b/c the numbers for leave and remain haven't really changed since the referendum b/c until we are serious about reforming our society and the EU, everything will fall on deaf ears.  
“All sorts of problems are being exposed, almost daily, that weren’t even thought about during the campaign. All the justifications for Brexit are being dismantled and, one by one, the arguments for it are falling” 
MPs demand PM fires ‘trade ambassador’ who voted to stop post-Brexit deals   
It is obvious by your tweet that you aren't homeless, need food banks to survive and know your children go to school with empty bellies. No matter how bad it is  #Brexit isn't stage four cancer but letting the Tories navigate Brexit by not voting Labour will be our downfall.  
In Girona October 1st square was inaugurated today in homage to all the people who made the referendum possible in spite of the Spanish police violence.   
Twitter has kindly informed me I've been on Twitter for a year. I came on here because I was livid about Brexit and I thought it might help me calm down and stop doing everyone's head in. Just so you know, I'm STILL absolutely FUMING! 
Pro-Brexit MP Bernard Jenkin was on RTÉ’s News. It was not “beyond the wit of man”, he said, to come up with a solution to the Irish Border problem post-Brexit. This begs the question: why has the UK government been singularly unable to do so??Indeed! 
EXC: EU Brexit ambos warned UK can't be trusted with sensitive data - latest round in brewing data war with Brussels + #Brexit My latest 
For anyone that’s getting agitated by the talk of a United Ireland. This wouldn’t be even on the agenda yet if it hadn’t been for the Brexit vote. So if you are a unionist, or DUP voter& voted for Brexit, this is genuinely your fault. Misplaced patriotism & ignorance caused this. 
The independent UK Border Agency was obliged in 2009 under the Data Protection Act to begin plans to destroy Windrush boarding cards and this led to a catastrophic chain of events which we all need to learn from.Or, in the words of a propagandist: It's all about Brexit.  
Typical ridiculous cartoon in the Sun. What the heck is preventing British industry selling around the world now? Particularly with the dozens of trade agreements we benefit from as an EU member. Japan, Singapore and Canada recently. Brexit lies.  
One thing #Windrush has made quite clear. Backing Brexit now is a morally indefensible position. 
The lack of attention to the impact of #Brexit on #Ireland during ref was indicative of  a  deep disregard for #UK’s neighbours. @KateHoeyMP is a doctrinaire Europhobe who cares more about exiting #EU than the place of her birth or those who will lose their jobs 
As I've said before, if you're in the North East of England and still supporting Brexit, you are, whether you mean to or not, supporting thousands and thousands of your (and my) family, friends and neighbours losing their jobs.  
The country is descending into absolute farce, the Gvt are caught lying to parliament and to us repeatedly. We are in one hell of a mess with #Brexit and what does the right-wing press talk about? The royal bloody wedding. Jeez! 
Labour will take its share of blame for Brexit shame  
Swapping a market place of 508 million people, that's sat right next door no less, for a trade deal with 24 million people on the other side of the planet.Have you ever wondered why so many people consider Brexit a horrible idea?  
*Brexit Explained*  
Ireland is preparing for the post-Brexit supply chain ... by bypassing the UK.#FBPE #PeoplesVote 
Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  
One major problem with Brexit is the wrongful belief that politics and opinion can overcome technical, practical and economic challenges and/or impossibilities. 
I am off to join a band of social outcasts on a pub crawl in West London when we will be drinking strong stuff and beer and frightening the life out of the locals by talking loudly how we all voted for #Brexit Wish you all a great Saturday! 
Here’s Boris Johnson as part of your campaign saying Brexit would not mean a change to the Irish border...  but then pushes for a Brexit of divergence that means, as sure as night follows day, a Border with infrastructure to deliver on it.Weak.  Dishonest.  Foolish. 
UK is now recruiting in the Caribbean to bring nurses here to replace European nurses who went home because of UK hostility following Brexit. UK is also sending folk back to the Caribbean because they can’t find papers the UK gvt destroyed.Proud to be British? NO. NO. NO. 
Fair play to Ings though, taking a complete battering by Brexit alcoholics today to save Firmino for the Roma game. Top guy 
You Quitters have done a truly appalling job from the outset when it came to planning for and delivering a sustainable Brexit that minimises harm.And, true to type, you keep blaming everyone but yourself for your own massive shortcomings.Same old.  Same old.  Weak. 
EXCLUSIVE: Read @AMDWaters the leader of @ForBritainParty with her views on the #EU and recent developments in the UK."The EU is creaking, let’s push it over!' #Brexit  via @AltNewsMedia 
We’ve spent a sunny morning  at @NCHLondon finding out what it would take for Germany France or Italy to activate A50 if they decided to leave the EU. It would take an awful lot more than an advisory referendum & getting Parliament to pass an Act saying the PM may send a letter 
In my area of London usually you'd see way more #Labour posters than #LibDem. Now hardly a Labour poster in sight & Lib Dem posters everywhere. Fascinating turn around. Labour's complete failure to represent its voters here on #Brexit will be their undoing ... #ABTV18 
Britain desperately needs a @UKLabour Govt.Real wages in the Noth East are still £15 a week lower than they were in 2008."Working people bore the costs of the #FinancialCrash. They must not pay the price of an extreme #Brexit as well."  
Extraordinary EU thing happened to me last night. Driving my 1968 Fiat 500 with EU car flag home through central London, I stopped at lights in front of crowd of 80 young people. They started chanting 'EU - EU - EU'! Would never have happened before the advisory referendum #FBPE 
Every day until the anniversary of the Brexit vote on 23/6 we will be posting a picture from the #MarchForEurope  There are too many people from all across Scotland who came demanding #DemocracyOnBrexit, and they cannot be forgotten or ignored #AlwaysEuropean  
."This ‘border farce’ is YET ANOTHER example of the UK simply not understanding or caring enough about the different & specific impact of Brexit on Northern Ireland.". 
#ABTV. Don’t vote for brexit supporting parties #LE2018 80% of members & majority of all want #FinalSayForALL & still @jeremycorbyn refuses to listen. Instead @uklabour GE votes used to lie about support for leave even when remain MPs increased vote. Send a message #StopBrexit  
Check out the stereotypical photo in this piece about @britisineurope after #Brexit. It's clearly a picture of Brits on holiday NOT those who actually live and work on the continent. Also, for the last time and with feeling we're migrants NOT expats. 
Team SDLP is out on the doors right across West Tyrone today, asking you to vote for a candidate that will turn up to vote against Brexit.Your voice needs to be heard. West Tyrone deserves an MP who will be there to vote against an hard border in Ireland and vote to stop Brexit  
Are Brexiteers in Cabinet, such as Boris Johnson and Michael Gove, doing enough to ensure the Brexit voted for by 17.4 million people is delivered? 
You appear to have left reality.  Just the facts....We have no solution for the Irish border.  Any Brexit will leave us significantly poorer.  We had immigration control all along but the HO exercised it in maniacally stupid way.   Repeat 3 times daily until reality dawns. 
Then let’s talk about Brexit and Labour Front Bench autocratic refusal to represent the views of the majority of its members, MPs and voters and is willing to risk jobs and the economy on a CU that cannot even deliver on Labour’s own 6 tests.Not in a position to preach to LDs 
Here's a good twitter thread on the trolls w/ an 8 digit username phenomena. That's what we're dealing with in this referendum, a concerted online campaign of misinformation, misrepresentation & lies. That's why we need @repeal_shield#repealthe8th 
Well, well, well.....looks like old Codswallop @carolecadwalla got it wrong again....@guardian lol - it was the @UKLabour data wot won Brexit - @Arron_banks @CamAnalytica 
Are they really going to fumble this ball? For the UK, it would mean trashing £millions in investment and damaging home industries; for the EU-27, it would add delays and cost, and cut off key expertise. Classic lose-lose.  @FT @peggyhollinger #Brexit  
'No deal Brexit would BANKRUPT EU’ Political editor issues stunning warning to Brussels  
I’ve just listened to a radio interview on @LBC where the caller has the solution for the border post-Brexit. Number plate recognition technology. Oh yes, and compulsory Microchip the Irish population. I have no words. Insanity. 
We are heading for a dog’s Brexit. Neither May nor *this* EU has a plan. Whether leave or remain, progressives must unite against xenophobia, #HostileEnviroment   and austerity.( @yorkshirepost ) 
The EU does not appear to have taken the Brexit negotiations seriously at any point. I think we shld walk & give them a healthy period of reflection to come back to us in a more serious frame of mind with some actual feasible proposals. 
If you are in #Birmingham today why not pop along and come and see @Renew_Britain tell us what you think is and isn't working in the UK, #BREXIT, #NHS, #affordablehousing, #Police A centrist party made up of real people from around the #UK#FBPE #WATON #PeoplesVote #ABTV 
Worst Tory Government I can recall (and I remember Thatcher!) with Windrush, Brexit, Boris, tax cuts for rich & benefit cuts for poor and much more yet Labour are 5 points BEHIND in the latest poll. Surely it must dawn on us soon what we need to do to win again. 
The Archbishop of York has hailed Brexit has a fantastic opportunity to rebuild our relationships with Commonwealth countries. 
I am not Labour.I am not Libdem.I am not Tory.I am not Green.I am not even a Remainer.I am simply persuaded by the facts as they stand. And at present, EU membership is infinitely preferable to Brexit; hence my position.For the same reason, for now I shall vote Libdem. 
Theresa May could face a leadership challenge if she rows back on her promise and keeps Britain in the EU Customs Union:  #Brexit 
.The well-oiled Brexit machine, eh?Taking back control.... One step backwards at a time.. 
REVEALED - New statistics show the North East will lose 16% of regional growth post Brexit / #Brexit #PeoplesVote  
Your knowledge of Ireland seems scant. Not a single business organisation in Northern Ireland supports Brexit. It’s a mess. 
Now I fully agree, leaving the EU but staying in the Single Market and Customs Union would achieve nothing but a loss off sovereignty compared to EU members.But hey... That's Brexit for you: Spending both political and economic capital, in order to lose more of both. 
Maths time: Unless you can provide evidence that 96.34% of those who voted for Brexit (50% of voters), also wanted us to leave the Single Market and Customs Union, you cannot argue that doing that is the Will of the People. 
It is deeply disturbing to see some in the EU desperate to poke the dying embers of the Troubles in the Northern Ireland with a view to causing discomfort to the UK as it prepares for Brexit. Such nefarious activity must be seen for what it is, and resisted accordingly. 
96% of Express readers want to see the House of Lords abolished. As this is a relatively small sample of our population let's have a referendum when 96% of the country will want this evil elitist, globalist haven moved aside so as to allow democracy a foot hold. 
#RETWEET SIGN & SHARE Help get this petition to 100,000 for a #referendum on the abolition  of the #HouseofLords. The unelected upper chamber has had its day!    #BBC #SKY @LBC #LBC @ConHome @Conservatives #ConservativeParty #Labour 
Brexit dessicates if left out in the sun 
It is an affront to democracy and to the English Language that these unelected unaccountable 'peers' use the word 'Democrat' in their name And try to overturn the will of 17,410,742 ordinary voters.Viva Brexit!  
Come on people sign and share this petition!! Let’s get the absolute traitors out!! All the lords are just a bunch of EU bum chums!! Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  
Brexit is a shambles, immigration policy is exposed, inequality is rampant, homelessness is rising and the Tories are 5% ahead in the UK polls. Scotland - we can do better than this. 
Pleasure to host this event last night in the #AudeSo many British people living in France with worries about Brexit impact on them.If they and 5m other citizens lose their rights, Windrush will seem a walk in the park.Thanks @olafhbell  from GB Embassy for coming to listen ! 
."The Brexit crunch is coming. The European Commission has REPEATEDLY told the UK that the plans it has put forward on customs after Brexit will NOT cut it.". by @CliffTaylorIT in The @IrishTimes 
No.7: try not to bring up Brexit  
Because the Remain referendum never fully told the people all the consequences of Brexit.  #StopBrexit #FBPE #ABTV 
Brexit is stupid. This should be our entry to Eurovision song contest @Open_Britain 
#EnochPowell here he is explaining why a supporter of the #FederalEuropeanProject can never be a #Patriot! Such Wise & Truthful words what a truly Great #British Statesman!   #BBC #SKY @LBC #LBC @ConHome @Conservatives #ConservativeParty #Tory #BREXIT 
Looking at what is happening with the LibDem and Green vote share increase lately, I am greatly encouraged that #ABTV will have a huge effect. If you are unsure about Brexit in any way,lend these parties your vote..it will give pause to the soft leave and heart to the remain mp's 
Another gain by a pro EU party from a pro brexit party. Slowly Pro EU sense will prevail but it will take effort from the many to stop the few getting the hard brexit they want which will wreck the country.  
Windrush gives us a window on the end game of Brexit if we don't act now.  Please download the songs and share to ensure we stop the hate via We are just above Ed Sheeran, Taylor Swift and just below Kylie Minogue on the Amazon bestsellers chart 
Fantastic analysis of the extent of Russian propaganda on social media to influence Brexit referendum - “It resembles exactly what it is: Bacteria or a virus. An infection aimed purposefully at humans.”By @J_amesp at @Byline_Media published in Nov 17 
"Scottish Farmers voted for #brexit" appears to be a widely held view among many people on social media. Here are some facts that turn that opinion on its head. Survey conducted by @SAYFC shows the younger generation of farmers voted 69% remain and still believe that. pic.twitter.com/Say9cCniO1 
Here’s to two incredible female journalists - .@ameliagentleman for spending months meticulously uncovering the #Windrush Scandal - & @carolecadwalla for her ongoing work bringing to light the Brexit Scam. People like you will change this country for the better. 
The #Brexit campaigns were built on a mountain of fear, hate and lies ruthlessly whipped up by a kleptocratic clique seeking to undermine democracy and get themselves a #BrexitTaxHaven.(thanks @emmyzen for the reminder about this) #StopBrexit #VoteEU #ABTV 
We face a stark choice, it's ultra hard Brexit or #remain.There are no solutions to the Irish Border question.We won't establish a tariff schedule with the WTO because we'll be in breach of the rules.The EU won't take us back without joining the Euro.DISASTER!#FBPE 
Brexiters, including Theresa May, often yell that we are leaving the EU as if that were irreversible.No! All we've done is notify the EU of our intention to leave, and that leaves us free to change our minds and remain. #StopBrexit #VoteEU#Brexit #ABTV 
11 days until 3rd May & you have the opportunity to register your opposition to Brexit. On 3rd May, if you don't want Brexit then don't waste your vote on Tory or Labour, even if the local candidate is against Brexit. Corbyn wants Brexit & so does May. Say no to Brexit on 3rd May 
This is everything the homeless epidemic, despicable Theresa May’s hostile environment, housing the NHS, using prejudice as a tool for power, this Brexit Nationalism Conservatism all rolled into one.. just appalling  
A true hero. Well done Harry my late grandfather who fought in WWII Italy and would have opposed Brexit (although as a Brit living in Portugal would have been denied the vote) would have been your kindred spirit  
."Conservatism has become breathtakingly reckless.Brexit is a symptom of the wider jettisoning of prudence by conservatism." by @fotoole in The @IrishTimes 
Be that as it may, I'm "ruling out" Labour unless and until such time as they unequivocally oppose Brexit. Moreover, if Brexit goes ahead without Labour having reversed its position on Brexit, I am "ruling out" forever a second or subsequent chance for the Labour party.  
The Customs Union rebels want to hand the EU the upper hand and work against our national interest. Unlike the Maastricht rebels. That rebellion was for a referendum. That rebellion was for the principle of self-government and against a treaty creating an EU government. 
New ferry cutting the UK out of the equation for post-Brexit EU travel and trade.  
So, I vote Labour, I get Brexit. I don't vote Labour, I get Brexit (Tories win). This is what we call lose/lose!I suspect I'm not the only one who is very angry at Mr. Corbyn's for this! Such a shame #labour #fbpe #abtv #BrexitShambles 
READ | Labour lunacy! With Brexit, McDonnell and Corbyn are in the rare position of being on the side of the people, and yet they choose to bow to the establishment, their sworn enemy. Madness. #SaturdayMorningSupport us at  
WARNING: Theresa May could face leadership challenge if she moves to keep Britain in Customs Union after Brexit, says backbench MP.The people voted for Britain to strike up free trade deals with any nation, at any time, not to stay shackled to Brussels. 
The best way of getting rid of the Tories is to get rid of Brexit as fast as possible, it would utterly shatter the Tory party, it would be defeated, broken and ripped apart by bitter internal conflicts. But Corbyn ain't helping!#StopBrexit #VoteEU#Brexit #ABTV 
Nathan Gill MEP - "If the UK government reverses its #Brexit red lines and decides to keep us in the Single Market, this would be a massive betrayal of Brexit."  
‘Peers Against the People’: Rees-Mogg Slams ‘Cave Dweller’ Anti-Brexit Lords  
Brilliant cartoon from L'Equipe. 'Was it not you who was screaming "Wenger Out"?''Yes, but like for Brexit, I'm afraid I'll regret it'#afc #MerciArsene 
BETRAYAL: Labour's John McDonnell says his party hasn't ruled out a second referendum.He also said he could ignore calls to reduce immigration - a key pillar of Brexit. 
Look what you've done, you working class Brexit oafs! You've... oh.  
Goebbels after a Nazi referendum victory in 1933."there is no possibility for parliamentary interference, to obliterate and render ineffective the execution of the nation’s will."Now look at the last 3 lines of this by Theresa May!#StopBrexit #Brexit #VoteEU #ABTV 
Sir Vince Cable will today in a keynote speech at the Scottish Liberal Democrat conference urge Nicola Sturgeon to support a second EU Vote.   I wonder if he will urge his party to support the will of the Parliament and support an Indy referendum?Somehow I think not. 
The sun is shining on Brexit Britain. Wages are rising, record employment, manufacturing booming, growth up, inflation falling and the weather is   
16-17 years excluded to placate the Tory Right. Brits abroad for 15+ years excluded, breaking a manifesto promise. EU 27 nationals excluded, but Commonwealth citizens given a vote.The Brexit vote was rigged, unfair & unjust. There is no mandate for #Brexit!#StopBrexit #VoteEU 
Representative democracy when it suits and mob rule when it doesn’t. Parliamentary Sovereignty.... as long as it’s pro Brexit.Let’s just forget any scrutiny and turn our constitutional constructs into a big pick n mix for Brexiters shall we? 
UK may look lovely and fluffy to Brexits but..."The European Investment Bank has slashed deals with UK venture capital and private equity groups by more than two-thirds following the Brexit vote"  
There are plenty of companies moving jobs from the UK to the EU27, with the larger ones tending not to want to blame Brexit. More to be lost than gained by criticising a Government who's support and money you might be after at some point. 
Having a coffee in a couple of hours with 3 friends who I know voted for Brexit. Haven't seen them in more than a year. Feel really nervous. Any advice? Should I wear my "Citizen of Europe" pin? 
Gove 'Shuddered' at Farage's racist posters... Brexit fan Marr never asked Gove about his own racist posters.  
The absurdity of the LibDems; “People have the right to change their mind on Brexit. We demand Euroref2”. “People have no right to change their mind on independence. We will block #indyref2  .” 
Silly, silly argument.We are now hearing #Remainers arguing that the Windrush issue would not have arisen if proper documentation and controls had been in place. Exactly what #Leavers argued before the referendum.No one is fooled by your silly tactics. 
Best comment yet on the referendum-to-abolish-Lords petition...  
Worth noting that Blair didn’t have a divisive Brexit to deal with, & had support from a mass media who were actively criticising John Major’s government.Corbyn has been constantly demonised by the media, and they support and cover up for May & co.These things are important. 
NEW: Even post “Brexit”, we are likely to find ourselves immersed in EU rules and regulations, trying to manoeuvre a way out for years to come.   
A gentle word to #Leave leaders and supporters who blantantly used #Immigration & told lies to win the #EU referendum and now turn their attacks on the current and former Home Secretary. Stop it. No one is fooled by your hypocrisy. 
"A data expert hired by LeaveEU met and shared analysis with figures from Cambridge Analytica before the referendum, according to leaked emails obtained by The Times."#BrexitGate 
“You know what some people call us: the nasty party”. And to remove all possible doubt Theresa May’s Tories arranges ‘hostile environment’ ‘deport first appeal later’ #windrush scandal. Not forgetting also using EU citizens as bargaining chips in Brexit talks...  
Forget ‘the nasty party’ how did Britain become the nasty country? Too many editors, many Tories, some Labour and all of us as people need to look at ourselves. This hatred, intolerance and lack of compassion led to Brexit and disaster. We are hurting ourselves.  
They don't seem to be talking about Brexit much since it has emerged the result of the EU ref was subverted by cheating & criminality.  
Final push over 70.000 signatures already. 100.000 required. Please sign and retweet. Thank you very much.     Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords.    
a friendly senior figure at the corporation had told him before 2014’s referendum that there was a deliberate plan to keep pro-independence voices off the airwaves.  
Bear in mind:The referendum was interfered with by psychographic methods.There was illegal spending.It was gerrymandered.It excluded large numbers of people whose lives were at stake.It was advisory and came out as close to fifty fifty. The truth will out in the end.  
Lord abolition petition passes 70,000. Now just waiting for T.May to rule out parliamentary debate, arguing the Lords' future was agreed in 2016. Yeah? So was Brexit's. @labourleave @Stop_The_EU @DanielJHannan pic.twitter.com/KbK57L9GQF 
Yes, Russia’s social media offensive against the UK, as part of a campaign of undeclared hybrid warfare does substantially predate the Salisbury attack.Yes, Brexit was part of it.No, it hasn’t been officially acknowledged as the Government’s fate is tied to it. 
EXCLUSIVE: "For the EU, #Brexit is like losing 18 members at once"  Read our shocking report:  
How are the EU's economies doing?  Read our illuminating #Brexit analysis of latest GDP figures:  Simple 'at-a-glance' info which will surprise you! 
"A BIG BRITAIN IN A BIG WORLD" No. 1 of our open letters to Remain voters. Latest IMF figures show UK's economy at world No.5. Full #Brexit story:  
Amber Rudd boasted of harsher immigration strategy to May, leak revealsIn a nutshell, here is the problem, the Cruella Deville twins. No sympathy, no empathy, just #Brexit sanctioned xenophobia  
This is ludicrous stuff from the Lib Dems who - bizarrely - would rather attack the SNP over Brexit than the Tories or Labour. It’s Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn who want to drag Scotland out of Europe against our will - not the SNP.   
Wonderfully succinct letter in Telegraph (about how to handle Brexit talks after EU rejection of UK Ireland proposal)  
This girl was helping us conduct the referendum when she was a freshman. She hasnt given up the fight.  
For young people the EU means you can just jump on a train and go live in Berlin, Bordeaux or Barcelona. No visas, no hassle. Pick up a job on a building site, in a bank, in a bar. They know when Freedom of Movement ends post Brexit it will end for them. 
True words & about time to change this!#Kashmir has been occupied by India as long as Palestine by Israel. 95000 Kashmiris were killed since -89 & 700K Indian forces watch every step people take.It's time to give Kashmir a hand & call for a referendum to be held!#FreeKashmir 
Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords . 69,634 Signatures to start Saturday. The skids must go under the Lords who forgot their place in British politics. Retweet all day, every day to send them packing  
This is in line with what @jeremycorbyn and @Keir_Starmer and @EmilyThornberry have been saying publicly.  They would negotiate a softer Brexit than the Tories, but still leave the EU.  Not good enough. We need a party that fights for our place in Europe.#FBPE#PeoplesVote 
If @projectarts lose charitable status for "political activities" due to a #repealthe8th mural, then so too should any charity involved in the referendum. Including all tax-exempt religious orgs. issuing press releases & going on talk shows. #together4yes #stoppunishingtragedy 
The petition to hold a referendum on the future of the House of Lords nearing 70K. Let's get it to 100K today.Sign the petition. 
... 'Harry Shindler, 96, argues that the result was invalid because he and 11 other long-term expatriates were denied a vote. “If we win, then the referendum is overturned. That would put the cat amongst the pigeons.”#PeoplesVote 
Government votes for referendum on something it deems harmfulGovernment party MPs lead both sides of debateGovernment negotiatesGovernment experts say all possible deals harm the UKGovernment doesn't let people vote using new infoHistory condemns Government 
WTF is this? (1/3) @carolecadwalla @peterJukes A month before the U.K. went to the Brexit polls, for instance, the  Vote Leave campaign unveiled an offer that seemed too good to be true.  It created a website that promised to pay people a cool £50 million 
Benefits of Leaving the EU can be explained with a simple metaphor:A small speedy boat can manoeuvre to take advantage of changing conditions, while a clumsy tanker misses opportunities and just keeps blundering along burning fuel to maintain its long forgotten course.#Brexit  
if Brexit shennanigans has done anything, it has brought to light how little N. Ireland or Ireland have featured in any degree in UK mainland general education & media spheres. Some of us might wish to say it was gobsmacking, but it's not given History & 20th & 21stC edu deficits  
The world's largest short sea Ro-Ro ship is now running between Dublin and the continent. Officially, it's called the MV Celine. Unofficially, it's the 'Brexit Buster'. Ireland being pro active about Brexit in ways that Britain could not imagine.#Brexit #EuropaUnited 
Delingpole: Progressives' Heads Explode as Morrissey Praises Brexit, Attacks Halal Meat  
Britain is threatening to walk out of the £10billion Galileo programme as the E.U. declares Britain cannot be trusted with sensitive information after Brexit. This is a sick joke given Europe’s desperation to get a post-Brexit security pact with us and to share intelligence. 
Local elections soon. Tories are pretending they'll be nice, but they're lying. Labour are pretending they're nowhere near as Brexity as they really are, but are lying. Lib Dems are offering to fight against Brexit and have genuinely workable policies, unlike the Brexiters. 
Brexit: serious and dangerous - with no plans in place and a transition period that is too short, the UK, even if it agreed to it, couldn't deliver the backstop. Mrs May has driven up a one-way street to a dead end, in a car with no reverse...  #Brexinfo. 
Introducing @pierre_london Pierre Delarue as out first approved candidate for the St. Mary's Ward of #Islington. Pierre has been fighting hard against Brexit and we urge Remainers in his ward to vote for him.  #LE2018 #ABTV18 #voteProEU18 #ABTVtoStopBrexit 
Vaughn Palmer: Fall referendum looks anything but a fair, open process  
Please DO NOT vote #Tory! And please DO NOT vote #Labour!  #ABTVVote #ProEU candidates ONLY [#SNP #Green #LibDem for example].If there are NO ProEU candidates on your ballot paper, THEN PLEASE DO NOT VOTE!#ABTV - Anti #Brexit Tactical Voting#WATON #STOPbrexit #IamEUropean 
It is less than a week since the launch of #PeoplesVote and Labour are reported as saying ‘not ruling out a 2nd referendum’ - is this progress? One must hope so. 
“All the justifications for Brexit are being dismantled” — the MEPs fighting to stop British departure.Many MEPs believe that Brexit can and must be stopped, says former EU negotiator @GuitarMoog.Hold a #PeoplesVote to #StopBrexit and #Remain in the EU 
So...the SNP have to back a second EU referendum, presumably because Brexit is being seen to be bad, and yet, the SNP have to drop indyref2, even if it is a gateway to avoiding Brexit, because..erm...eh...when you’re ready Vince....any time you like..... 
10 elements to help you protect and manage #cyberattacks.#cyber #onlinesecurity #infosec #data #databreach #hacking #risk #security #privacy #gdpr #brexit #IoT #InternetOfThings #AI #infographic #cyebrsec #cybersecurity #infosecjobs #Online #digital #DT 
This is very unfortunate.  But #Nissan specifically made it very clear it has nothing to do with #Brexit but shifting consumer tastes away polluting diesel vehicles.  Landrover are similarly affected.(I know you were making Brexit points before)  
But you have to understand; for the disaster capitalists at the heart of the ERG, #Brexit is superb news, and that's all that counts.The vast majority of the 65m UK residents will be worse off, but the rich will be richer.What's not to celebrate? 
This would seem to support this story which appeared on Twitter some weeks ago, claiming that Nissan would quit Sunderland because of #Brexit@bbcnewcastle#StopBrexit #VoteEU #ABTV 
Good write up on the latest @maxschrems case on privacy and data protection law going to the ECJ  - with possible implications for data flows to the UK after Brexit by analogy  
Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  Come on people!! We can do better than this!! Please sign & RT 
LAB are rattled and know they are going to lose massively in the May council election, as are the other brexit parties: CON and KIP.   Keep the pressure up, as they are cracking.  
Catalan vice president @Junqueras: “We held a referendum… what is in question today in Spain is the very existence of a healthy democracy, what is at stake is the separation of powers” 
Sometimes I wonder how I will live in this country if this referendum fails.And then I remember all the women older than me who lived through the last one and kept doing the work.So if that happens, I guess that's what I'll do. 
Archbishop of York HAILS Brexit as chance to renew ties with 'VITAL' Commonwealth 
Rip-Off: Brexit Bill Could Be BILLIONS Higher than Govt Estimate, Auditors Warn.  I say Give Them NOTHING!                #fo2eu 
Great to meet with Chancellor Hammond. We discussed bilateral economic issues, brexit and North Korea.  
Brexiters in Sunderland who voted for Brexit now unemployed Brexiters 
Germany given shock BREXIT WARNING: Nation faces 'MASSIVE consequences' over UK's EU exit  
Anyone giving a wry smile at all the pelters being aimed at the BBC by the Remain camp who raised not a whisper during the independence referendum about BBC bias? 
Singapore 41st biggest economy in world by nominal GDPEU 2nd biggest economy in world by nominal GDPBrexit. Like swapping a 4.5 litre 1928 Bentley for a 1997 Ford Fiesta ... in grey  
Exclusion of British citizens from a vote that affects their lives is a monstrous scandal. And that applies to 16-17 year olds & our fellow EU citizens living among us as our friends, workmates & neighbours. A MONSTROUS scandal. The EU referendum was illegitimate on many counts.  
1/ Short thread: Some graphics which are useful when debating with Tory Brexiters:Margaret Thatcher: "The late Lord Attlee was right when he said that the referendum was a device of dictators and demagogues"#StopBrexit #VoteEU#Brexit #ABTV 
Britain is threatening to quit Europe's €10bn Galileo satellite project as tensions with the EU rise over whether the UK can be trusted with sensitive information after Brexit.  
A must-read on EU’s rejection of the UK’s Irish border proposals by @HughRBennett: The EU has scented British political weakness and is cynically using the Irish border issue as the thin end of a wedge to keep the UK locked into its legal orbit post-Brexit  
Irish border soon a Brexit crunch. Only way for UK to keep promises is Single Market & Customs Union.One or other doesn't work -see Norway/EU & Turkey/EU borders. So UK either keeps word and be rule taker! -Or Breaks word = No Brexit deal =WTO Economic Carnage in March 2019 
The longer negotiations continue, the clearer it becomes that the EU does not want a workable outcome. Its aim is, and always has been, to punish Britain for leaving:  #Brexit 
My Dad has severe dementia. He  loved the EU. He was in the Royal Signals in WWII. I am glad that he is not aware of Brexit as it would distress him so much, but please read how Brexit will affect him in the personal impact stories on  
12,000 jobs moving from UK to France - because of Brexit.12,000 people who either move their families and their lives to France or lose their job. That’s a lot of tax paid to French govmnt, not UK govmnt. Less tax means less money for our desperately underfunded public services  
Bullying the British people won't stop Brexit. It just makes them doubt if a deal is worth it:  
There are a lot of companies cutting jobs and moving production to the EU while saying ‘oh nothing to do with Brexit’Rightio....  
Pls RT Brexit Treachery poll.The vile EU has rejected our Irish border solution, the Lords are fighting us, many MP's are fighting us too, along with Soros, Miller, Blair, Clegg, Umunna, Soubry etc. Is it time to end this farce and demand to leave with NO DEAL NOW? 
The EU don’t give a damn about their indebted puppet, Ireland. They are simply using the Irish border as a negotiating ploy to undermine Brexit. Either they are bluffing in which case they will back down, or they really are crazy.  Either way, just say no.  
EU rejects Irish border proposals and says Brexit talks could still fail.@MichelBarnier says @theresa_may wants to cherry-pick Brexit terms and that the EU response is: ‘No way’.Hold a #PeoplesVote to #StopBrexit and #Remain in the EU. 
Ireland is rightly taking all necessary measures to protect its economic interests postBrexit. I wonder if in Wales which voted Leave sadly they thought through the consequences of Brexit for a port like Holyhead?  
Sensible to recognise that people have the right to reconsider #brexit , given that it’s looking very different from what was promised and likely to sink the UK economy  
Theresa May follows Mussolini, Goebbels and Oswald Mosley in invoking the authority of the "Will of the People", a concept which delegitimises & demonises political opponents as enemies of the people.(Thanks to @SimonBruni)#VoteEU #StopBrexit #Brexit #ABTV 
The local elections are in 2 weeks, on 3 May. Writing to prospective councillors is a great way to raise concerns on #EUcitizens rights & #Brexit's impact on the community. Our new lobbying guide has template letters to help get you started. Happy writing! 
Staying in the Customs Union is not an option. Trouble will take to the streets. Leading culprits, smug for now:> The EU> House of Lords> Remainer MP's> Soros, Miller, Blair> Soubry, Umunna> BBC, C4, anti-Brexit MSM> Sadiq Khan> Ireland  
All Those Politicians Who are trying to keep us in the The European Union & Customs Union Are Defying the Referendum result You Will pay the price at the Ballot box You’re Treachery Won’t go unnoticed 
AND WE'RE OFF!The California Attorney General has given the green light to start collecting signatures to get the California independence referendum on the ballot! Download the #Calexit petition here: RT to spread the message! 
People with degrees, money, political power or media influence... They(we)'ll cope post-Brexit.When a country gets poorer, it's those who spend the largest percentage of their income on basic necessities who suffer most. That's who can't afford Brexit. 
Sir Patrick Stewart says pushing for a second vote and stopping Brexit is for the benefit of both Brexiters and Remainers.  
Stop Brexit before Brexit stops you and your family:1. travelling freely in EU2. working anywhere in EU3. getting free healthcare anywhere in EU4. moving home to any EU country5. studying anywhere in EU as if you were a home student6. availing of EU rights and protections. 
Spain's Guardia Civil has allegedly hidden from prosecutors key Treasury data demonstrating that there was no embezzlement by any politician representing Catalonia in regard to the referendum held on 1 October. #Llibertat #Catalunya 
Real voters understand the role of public education & charters, as an analysis of the recent Massachusetts referendum shows, says @dianeravitch.  
I really hope Millwall go up tbh. Premier League needs someone like them. Imagine Abdul’s face at Old Trafford when hard brexit Steve Morison scores a 92nd minute winner. Would be limbs flying everywhere. Seats ripped up. Proper club. 
Will MPs•do nothing and allow an Ultras’ Brexit?•do a little and allow a weird, harmful, blame-riddled, CU Brexit?•stand up for the best interests of the whole country?@chrisgreybrexit ... all of us watch and wait.   
There isn't much time left to avert the worst. Both in terms of Brexit and these latest developments. But most of the UK still is all "keep calm and carry on". For goodness' sake get your head out of the sand, folks! 11/11 
So ... I have seen some outcries. Sure. But they aren't enough. The Windrush generation is still in limbo. EU citizens are next in line. Other immigrants too. With the Human Rights Act May's next target, do you really think you'll be alright in that Brexit Britain future? 10/ 
Who think BREXIT and ELECTIOPN Op overlap with same accts working both?maybe Ming kno those London accts too.Ming laugh and laugh 
Bullying the British people won't stop Brexit. It just makes them doubt if a deal is worth it - The Telegraph  
Labour not ruling out second Brexit referendum, party spokesman says  
If you want a State that will build more affordable housing don't vote for Labour, whose policy on Brexit will inhibit the State's ability to do so.  
Lets have a look at some of the things Tories brush under the Carpet, Panama Paradise Papers, Election Fraud (Cambridge Analytica) Food Poverty, Victorian Diseases, Power Grab, Brexit, Refusal to divulge damaging information By it. Grenfell Tower, Flawed Universal Credits.  
Labour not ruling out second Brexit referendum, party spokesman says  
Dr Peter Boylan: this refendumIs not a vote on abortion in Ireland - that is already happening. This referendum is a vote on ensuring *safe* abortion in Ireland, otherwise we are voting for today's equivalent of backstreet abortions. @ARCDonegal #repealthe8th 
Why is Anna Soubry getting away with murder!  Flouts Tory policy, ignores wishes of her constituents, letting down her party.  @Theresa_May @borisjohnson #Borisjohnson #borisjohnson #Boris johnson,  @jacob_Rees_Mogg #Brexit  
If you have any reservations at all about the Referendum- come to our ‘Chats For Yes’ tomorrow. Otherwise, just enjoy your weekend.   
."The government needs to stop pinning its hopes on Brexit Unicorns & magical thinking.Peace is too important to be sacrificed on the altar of a shambolic Brexit.”. from article by @GuitarMoog 
Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords . 63,500 Signatures to put the skids under the House of Lords. They don’t respect us: we hold them in contempt for dereliction of duty. They must go: we don’t need them RT 
REFERENDUM VICTORY: #PIA workers defeated #PMLN plot to sell-out it for personal interests: #PPP Chairman @BBhuttoZardari   
I’m sick of “the bad boys of Brexit” hijacking British patriotism in the second world war. If they’d been alive at the time most of them would have been selling nylons in the blackout. 
BREXIT GLOOM: Train Builder 'Hitachi' switches train production from County Durham to Italy /#EU #Brexit  
.Bad Brexit news for Wales"Chief Executive of Dublin Port foresees that a significant amount of freight currently moving from Dublin to Holyhead will change to move from Dublin to Cherbourg, Zeebrugge & Rotterdam.". 
We held a referendum 
Jacob Rees-Mogg:Peers against the People, ultimately People will winThere are cave-dwellers in House of Lords committed to opposing #Brexit who want to keep us in, never liked Leave vote, contemptuous of democracy & out of touch with British people#EU 
Germany issued shock BREXIT WARNING: Nation faces 'MASSIVE consequences' over UK's EU exit  
Nissan in Sunderland - where 69% of the population voted for Brexit - is to make substantial cuts in its workforce. Nissan's boss expressed trust in Treeza's promise of no tariffs on car exports ... and then went nationwide to boast how she'd saved the 'British' car industry. pic.twitter.com/nZ5BKtLIJz 
How will the government decontaminate this toxic Brexit when it finally implodes?How will they comfort the Trumpanzees?Will they blame the EU or the Remoaners?Do they step over the cliff?Perhaps they ask the people?A diversion?Does anyone have a solution?#FBPE 
#Commonwealth summit ends with few gains for #brexit Britain. No trade deals to compensate for lost trade with the EU. UK's image of being fair and tolerant damaged by #Windrush fiasco. Only benefit seems to be #PrinceCharles confirmed as next head of #Commonwealth #Brexitreality 
HAVE YOU GOT 5 MINUTES..? WANT TO HELP 1000s OF PEOPLE FOR LESS THAN 25p?!HELP US! - PRINT THIS LETTER TO LOBBY YOUR MP TO STOP THE BREXIT BETRAYAL! Please download, send & RT this template–   
Are we allowed to say "We told you Brexit would cost jobs". #StopBrexit #Remain 
Remoaners are getting excited again. Bless.They think, because EU rejected part of our deal, we're going to be forced into remaining in at least the CU.We're not good at being 'forced' in the UK.We'll take No Deal, if we must, but it'll be #Brexit. 
A basic absurdity of Brexit is creating a hostile environment for foreigners here at the same time as going cap in hand to them abroad to beg for contracts and money and jobs  
Looks like the #brexit “divorce bill” could be about £10bn more than was originally thought to about £48bn according to this latest analysis.So many leave MPs like @Johnredwood told the public it would be £0.Partly why so many leavers are #Remainernow 
Brexiteer @CamillaTominey: The public voted for Brexit and it does not like the rhetoric of reversing Brexit - we must not lose sight of what the people want 
Dear Willie Rennie,Why on Earth would Nicola Sturgeon back another EU Referendum.We already voted, overwhelmingly, to stay, but we're being taken out of the EU anyway.Our votes don't count in your precious United Kingdom.Why should we bother?#GoIndyInstead #ScotRef #Vote_YES 
Tactically vote to tell the 2 major parties what you think of their Brexit policy.  #StopBrexit #ABTV #FBPE 
TREASONOUS: Tony Blair has pleaded with Germany to do ‘everything possible’ to stop Brexit and keep Britain in the European Union!                        #fo2eu 
"Windrush mess will be worse after Brexit" - Philip Collins calls out Tory liars @LiamFox Michael Gove Daniel Hannan on referendum immigration scare  @thetimes 
Lord Lawson - "If we are in a customs union without being in the EU as such we are governed, in effect, by the EU and that is what I call a quasi-colonial state." #Brexit  
Brexit is about sending abroad people to negotiate with foreigners who’ve made it clear they don’t like foreigners.  
The Guardian view on Brexit and the Irish border: alchemy fails again | Editorial  
Over 60.000 signatures already. 100.000 needed final push now. Please sign and retweet. Thank you so much      Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords   
AFTER it had been known the #CambridgeAnalytica had been working on #Brexit and to elect #Trump - and Putin's collusion was in the news - @BorisJohnson and the FCO arranged meetings with them and their parent company 
Wake up Britons...your Rights are being removed by the Tories & de facto by Labour thru their backing of #Brexit...they can't protect you from the future outside the ECJ..#FinalSayForALL & a #StopBrexitSaveBritain option#FairVote #PeoplesVote #ABTV #ABTV18 #ABTVtoStopBrexit 
This should happen here in the UK re Leave & Brexit:  
Should happen here in relation to Leave & Brexit: "The Democratic National Committee filed a lawsuit in federal court alleging that the it was the victim of a conspiracy by Russian officials, the Trump campaign and WikiLeaks to damage Hillary Clinton’s presidential run" @nytimes 
Brendan O’Neill -We don’t need a second referendum on the EU or a phoney “People’s Vote”  on the Brexit deal. We just need our politicians to do what they  promised to do: enact the free and fair decision taken by the British  people on 23 June 2016.   
all the Japanese companies that are here, are furious that we're leaving the UK. 80% of Japanese investment in the EU has been in the UK. Now Brexit will ruin it. The UK is a laughing stock. 
After the job losses at #JaguarLandRover, the widely predicted post #brexit job shedding starts at #Nissan.If you think that British society was polarised after Leave vote in 2016 then, trust me, its about to get a lot worse as the reality of brexit sinks in.Troubling times.  
Well, well, well..... @BorisJohnson only went and met Alexander Nix of #CambridgeAnalytica - as did Alan Duncan and other officials in Number 10 and the Foreign Office. All undisclosed, obviously! 
Dear Northern Ireland, make no mistake, the English couldn't care less about you and your bothersome border.Your security, your safety, your businesses......all can be sacrificed on the altar of their stupid brexit.YOU, are less important than brexit. 
Why are women's bodies the one issue that is considered "political"? Artists exhibited work at the PAC about the marriage referendum & corrib gas pipeline but can't about repeal - why is this mural breaking the charity regulators rules but the other art didn't?   
It is now obvious we will not get a good #brexit deal. Speaking as a leave voter, I think this destroys the fundamental premise of the leave campaign and invalidates the "mandate" given by the referendum. 
Rules of origin: A big Brexit problem you haven’t heard about. This is really important and shows that the glib Brexiteers phrase of “Oh we can just revert to WTO” is utter nonsense. Pls RT @thomasbrake @LibDems via @prospect_uk 
'It is clear what OUT means' BBC host forced to intervene in FIERY Brexit confrontation  
Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords - Petitions  
I don't want Theresa May to resign, I don't want Amber Rudd to resign. I want a General Election. NOWDemocide of disabled pplGrenfellWindrushAusterityYarl's WoodCorruption (Lycamobile, Russian black money, Cambridge Analytica)BrexitSanctionsHousingFoodbanksRickets. 
In comparison to Wentworth, we are all cave dwellers.'Cave-dwellers in the Lords' Jacob Rees-Mogg FURIOUS swipe at plot to 'stop Brexit' @Jacob_Rees_Mogg#StopBrexit 
A brilliant day to have @M_AndersonSF in #Crossmaglen  Great meetings with local businesses and students about #Brexit. A strong community and a proud people! #SouthArmagh #NoBorder 
Germany issued shock BREXIT WARNING: Nation faces 'MASSIVE consequences' over UK's EU exit  Brits have been suffering for years while europhiles built up the  is time to Britain and Brits first @theresa_may @AmberRuddHR @Conservatives 
Brexit bill needs ‘do no harm’ amendment to protect public health | Letter  
Peter Whittle - "I'm sick of the media narrative branding Brexit voters ...  via @YouTube 
If only the people who delight in Brexit/Trump parallels had the wit to realise just how right they are.  
Will MPs use their power now? My blog post on the latest Brexit development just up:  
On the Irish border issue we could do with people being open minded about solutions rather than - as the EU are doing - using it as a political football and an excuse to try to scupper #brexit - @Fox_Claire on #skypapers 
a) EU red line is no hard border in Irelandb) No hard border in Ireland requires SM & CUc) UK red lines are no SM & no CUd) EU can't cross red line bc of Irish veto e) UK can't cross red lines or #brexit makes even less sense f) Why was this a good idea again? 
CS #MonicaJuma: Glad to meet British Foreign Secretary Mr Boris Johnson during #CHOGM2018. Kenya and Britain share a special relationship which the Secretary and I are committed to see grow even after #Brexit in 2019.  
Bullying the British people won't stop Brexit. It just makes them doubt if a deal is worth it  
No. The EU risks a "disorderly Brexit": 
How has Brexit affected you? Foreign exchange experts Caxton FX calculate the price of your summer holiday has risen by 10% since the referendum. #52brexitfacts 
For especially dense trolls, who have no regard for referendums:Before reuniting in 2014, Crimea has been part of Russia for 208 years(USA existed for 238 years)Crimea was part of Ukraine (since its establishment & despite referendum results) for 23 years.  
“There are a few cave-dwellers in the House of Lords who are committed to opposing #Brexit altogether. They’re contemptuous of democracy & out of touch with the mood of the British people” @Jacob_Rees_Mogg#ThePeoplesMogg #BrexitLordsBetrayal 
BBC's "Economics" Editor @bbckamal on Brexit."Can the Commonwealth be good for post-Brexit Britain"We already trade with the Commonwealth Kamal, through the EU's FTA's at zero Tariffs.Why do you not know this?Kamal, say hello the the Commonwealth: 
Popular broadcaster @vincentbrowne chairs packed & lively debate on Brexit. Panel included @MaryLouMcDonald, Patricia King (Irish Congress of Trade Unions) and Damian McGenity (Border Communities Against Brexit).  
Reminder that Brexit isn’t our Trump, Corbyn is. 
A second Brexit referendum would tear Britain apart, says @martinwolf_ 
It's time to stop believing in these 'magic' Brexit solutions  
This is appalling : Government's preferred Brexit scenario will leave UK public finances £615m worse off a week  via @LondonEconomic 
No 10 says it is confident a deal can be done to avoid a hard border on the island of Ireland after Brexit  
Not Brexit related? Diesel to blame.Call me old-fashioned, but the fucking logical part of me says: Then buy a petrol or hybrid engined version of the same car instead.I smell the hand of The Maybot & UKGov in the Nissan wording, as with that of JLR.  
One of the key tests for any Brexit deal is whether it is sustainable. It is hard to see, as @HenryNewman argues, how a deal which kept Britain in a customs union with the EU would pass that test 
Is there anything involved in #Brexit that wasnt a scam?“Twitter account from former #Wetherspoon socialmedia team claims they were shut down & deleted because the firm was “in fear of being caught for data ‘misuse’” connected to #voteleave " 
Observation:UK post-Leave economy has not collapsed.Brussels Blackguards are increasingly scared that Brexit will be a stunning success.  And their failing EU Empire will crumble.Why else their petty intransigences.e.g.  over Ireland?A confident EU would just let us go. 
WW II veteran sues to overturn Brexit. That grating noise you can hear is @Nigel_Farage 's teeth 
The PPP Chairman was talking to a delegation of Peoples Unity of PIA and its allied trade unions who jointly contested the CBA referendum and won an unprecedented victory over PML-N government’s Ministers and union.  
REFERENDUM VICTORY: #PIA workers defeated #PMLN plot to sell-out it for personal interests: #PPP Chairman @BBhuttoZardari  
Getting a lot of casework atm.One is in relation to lighting & exemptions for theatre. It’s a crucial sector for London.Luckily, I sit on the relevant committee: @EP_EnvironmentBut Brexit means UK walks away from decision-making but not the decisions. How will we influence? 
Yousif Mohamed, member of Gorran Movement and ex Parliament speaker of KRG, says everyone who supported Kurdistan Referendum should be put on trial. I guess he means 93% of Kurdistan people. Is this how Gorran wants to fight for the rights of Kurdistan?  
Don't let the #Brexit wreckers take us back to medieval times: freedom from any Customs Union is vital:  by @JLongworthLML and @John_Mills_JML 
SIGN AND SHARE  | Help get this petition to 100,000 for a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords. The unelected upper chamber has had its day!    
Excellent: “A British Second World War veteran will sue to overturn the Brexit referendum after a European Union court accepted his case.Harry Shindler, 96 (@thetimes) 
Bullying the British won't stop Brexit.  Clearly the time has come for our Govt to declare the EU is being totally obstructive in negotiations and accordingly we will have no further part in them - Saving £50Billion in one fell swoop 
Well, it would be a brave business leader who dares to blame Brexit when 60%+ of their customers are Brexshitters  
OMG. This is unbelievable. The solution to the Irish #brexit border is for Ireland to leave the EU, rejoin the UK, and for us to "microchip" them! Brexiteers, ladies and gentlemen. 
RT if you want a proper Brexit and don’t give a shit about the EU’s Irish border nonsense.   
The UK are back to 5th place on the list of leading economies. The promise of Brexit is doing great things for  the UK and it's people. We are willing, able & open for business with the World. 
Despite calls for a “People's Vote” on Brexit, Parliament provides the best hope of softening the blow  
Clueless Europhile Peers want to keep UK locked inside EU Customs Union.Time to abolish the House of Lords and get on delivering Brexit so the UK can make bumper global trade deals!  
EU: "It was made clear that none of the UK's customs options will work. None of them."Translation: "It was made clear that none of a member state's attempts to leave the EU will work. None of them."#EUIsABully#Brexit  
EU rejects Irish border proposals.   Brussels officials conducted “a detailed and forensic rebuttal - none of the UK customs options will work - none of them”.Boris “Without ability to do things in a different way, there's very little point in Brexit."  
For my money, @afneil is up there with Churchill and George VI's wartime speeches. While not officially at war, we are in every sense of the word: our democracy besieged, our streets home to anarchy. Neil's is a welcome voice of unity. #Brexit #Windrush 
Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  56,000+ and rising, keep up the good work please folks. 
How right you were Mr E. Scandal after Scandal. Can the BBC Hide the Truth Forever? Only If We Let Them.... Carillion-OUR Missing Billions. Nerve Attack, Syria Chemical Bombings. Cambridge Analytica-GE/Brexit Ref/Scottish Ref. Windrush-landing cards PMQ Lies at PMQs. RESIGN NOW.  
Next few weeks are crucial in the Brexit debate. The government can be forced to change course over the customs union  
SAVE THE DATE: next Wednesday we are taking evidence from @DavidDavisMP from 9.15am  #Brexit 
If you are still clinging on to a Pro Corbyn Pro EU position then this is all you need to know. There is no long game, Corbyn wants Brexit so your vote for Corbyn or May on 3rd May is a vote for Brexit.  
Don't let the Brexit wreckers take us back to medieval times: freedom from any Customs Union is vital, warn @JLongworthLML and @John_Mills_JML 
Poll after poll demonstrates the growing public appetite for a vote on the final deal. #Brexit, which was supposed to be over by March 2019 according to leading Brexiters, won’t be finished until 2064 when, according to the OBR, the last payment will be made! 
Ireland, farming, and Cambridge Analytica - it's time for your weekly Scotland in Europe update, covering the latest #Brexit news and developments. 
SELLOUT: May Tells Voters Continued Influence of EU Law and EU Court After Brexit a ‘Hard Fact’   
Normally, local issues dictate which way I vote in a LE. But #Brexit is too big and will have too destructive an impact on our economy & society to ignore it on May 3rd. So I'm voting for a party & candidate that supports a #PeoplesVote 
Freezing cold, blazing heat NOTHING stops this man stopping #Brexit  go Steve, you warrior! #StopBrexit #FBPE @SODEMAction 
#FridayFeelingI've never known a Govt as arrogant, uncaring, venal, corrupt, incompetent, dishonest & undemocratic as this one!May 3 #LE2018: vote to signal they're on the wrong course, you're mad as h*ll & you're not gonna take it any more.Anti-#Brexit Tactical Voting #ABTV 
Spanish government admits they have fully audited the accounts of the Catalan Government and found out that not a single euro of public money was used for the 1 October referendum. There was no misuse of public funds. #FreeCatalanPoliticalPrisoners 
I think it is VITAL that we remember that the Leave vote was only 37% of a deliberately restricted electorate. The ‘48%’ trope is v misleading. “On Brexit, the views of the 48% must be respected too. That's democracy | David Shariatmadari - the guardian  
The electorate participated in a Referendum assuming that politicians of both Houses were honourable. If they intend to renege on their promise to implement the result then we are no longer a democracy and can do what we like. 
Mon 23rd April in Islington, London. I’ll be talking alongside Craig Bennett (CEO Friends of the Earth) on tooling you up to battle Brexit. Free event. So sign up & come along!   
A British Second World War veteran will sue to overturn the Brexit referendum after a European Union court accepted his case  
Your 4 Brexit choices:》Norway model: loss of £260m per week (9% of what we spend on NHS)》FTA model: loss of £875m per week (31% of what we spend on NHS)》WTO model: loss of £1.25bn per week (44% of what we spend on NHS)》Remain: No loss. #StopBrexitSaveBritain#ABTV 
The maker of Lurpak butter says it needs to save at least $500 million because costs soared after the Brexit vote  
True.I assume withdrawal agreement and transition will happen because I have seen the UK blink at each and every point so far in Brexit.But this assumption may be invalid: the blinking may end. To be followed by a wide horrified everlasting stare.  
"In 2017 the Prime Minister called an election, stating that it was to get a mandate for Brexit: she lost her majority in parliament and now relies for support on a small doctrinaire Ulster party."  
Expert evidence published by UK parliament 'fake news' committee shows there was a massive intervention in the Catalan independence referendum by a Twitter bot army -- on the side of the Spanish state.HTML: PDF:  
Been working cross-party to stop Brexit for some time now. Proud to put country above party in these perilous times.  
Some #Brexit misunderstanding. EU and UK have planned four rounds of talks on Ireland/NI, other Withdrawal issues & future relationship before June #EUCO, first week of May we continue.  
Microchipping us. Forceably. The colonial mindset is alive and well in Brexit Britain  
#Britain faces hard border with Ireland after Europe 'REJECTS' Theresa May's plans to avoid it saying 'NONE of UK's proposed customs options will work'  #Brexit  
Disappointed to see many now RTing the "That's Not My Brexit" parody without crediting either the @jackofkent post/my tweets and the fine designer @how_apt.Ho hum. 
At Dublin Port for the christening of this enormous ship, the MV Celine. Biggest vessel of its kind in the world. It’ll increase the volume of freight moving between Dublin and mainland Europe. Important to increase access to our ports and airports ahead of #Brexit.  
Following the result of an advisory referendum, Prime Minister David Cameron resigns and he and wife Samantha leave Downing Street for the last time. June, 2016.  
UK MEPs from across the parties are dedicated to opposing Brexit, and many believe it can and must be stopped.Me for @prospect_uk with quotes from @CharlesTannock @MollyMEP @Jude_KD @catherinemep @GreenKeithMEP @JillEvansMEP @SebDance and @AlynSmith 
BREXIT: All justifications for Brexit are being dismantled.. MEPs fighting to stop British departure / #EU #Brexit  
Brexit-watchers: if you only read one thing today, make it @HughRBennett’s masterful exposé of the EU’s cynical game-playing in respect of the Irish border on @BrexitCentral. He absolutely nails it. Do read and share widely! 
On @bbcquestiontime political legacy of legacy of #WindrushGeneration. If @theresa_may cant sort out @ukhomeoffice how on earth can they manage 3 million registrations post #Brexit ? 
So according to my friends on the Twitter, I used to be a lackey of the pro-lifers, churning out their propaganda. Now I am Yes campaigner, manipulating the data to sway the referendum. It's hard to keep up. 
BREXIT FURY: MEPs accuse Barnier of obstructing Brexit with 'FAKE' crisis  
If the media in the UK and US really was representative of society at large, and not prone to major groupthink, then why did so few journalists see the major upheavals coming ? Ukip, Corbyn, Brexit, Trump ? 
The House of Lords are trying to reverse the Brexit vote but staying in the EU customs union hands the EU control over the UK which is what they want. In the customs union we can’t sign trade deals, we can’t sit at the WTO, we can’t control tariffs on non EU countries  
For disinformation to be effective you don't have to convince all of the people, half of the people - just *enough* of the people. That's what happened with Brexit and that's what is happening with Syria. 
.@CamillaTominey: The public voted for Brexit and it does not like the rhetoric of reversing Brexit - we must not lose sight of what the people want  
You need to see @mrjamesob’s savage response to this caller who suggested microchipping Irish people as a way of solving the Brexit border issue (watch until the end)  
The Unicorn believing Brexit caller that left James O'Brian pulling his hair out on the #goodfridayagreement @mrjamesob 
#Labour now openly betraying Leave vote in Portsmouth.Portsmouth South MP was elected on a full Brexit platform. Now campaigning to keep the UK in the Single Market and the Customs Union.Disgraceful betrayal of the working class voters that trusted them.  
The mayor of #Verges @ignasisabater (best known as Jesus Christ in their Easter play) reported that 163 vehicles' tyres were punctured in retaliation after #1Oct indy referendum. Public prosecutors' response: to sue HIM for "fostering hatred"! Father, forgive them, for they...  
Background Briefing: One year on - 52 new facts about #Brexit via @Open_Britain 
#ArseneWenger "It's Brexit, it has changed things. It's time to leave. I've managed Arsenal for 22 years but you've all gone mental. To all the Arsenal lovers take care of the values of the club because Britain seems to have lost its values in the shitter.  Adieu et bon chance" 
#Conservatives are searching for British Unicorns  while #LabourParty searches for British UtopiaBoth support Brexit#LibDems Oppose Brexit  and will put people First in Local Services.Neither LabCon deserve your vote on May 3rd#ABTV 
MAJOR BREAKING: Spanish press is reporting that Spain's military police concealed from Supreme Court judge the Treasury data showing that there was no embezzlement concerning the October 1st referendum in Catalonia. 
JAPAN: Governments working on 'all singing, all dancing' post-Brexit trade deal. 
Self-serving emotionally-stunted Theresa May says and does what is most convenient for her at the time... She is trying to deliver a catastrophic Brexit way beyond what was on the ballot paper & what most people intended to keep Rees-Mogg & chums happy so she can stayin Number 10  
In a widely unreported act of surrender yesterday, May told voters that the continued influence of EU law and EU court decisions after Brexit, especially when "Parliament passes an identical law to an EU law", is a "hard fact" we must "face up to". Why?  
More chance of banning straws than building a million affordable homes and free bus travel. The latter will cost money that won't be available. Brexit or affordable homes and free travel, you can't have both. Say no to Corbyn and May on 3rd May, say no to Brexit.  
Note to editor: there is no right Brexit  
RTE won't show this until after the referendum so pls RT so that it can be seen #healthcarenotairfare #together4yes 
Chuka Umunna on @SkyNews  going on about letting the people decide the type of Brexit we finish up with. The people have already decided Chuka. Brexit that means Brexit. Simple. 
Andrew Neil NAILS IT! ISIS beheaders live among us while we deport Caribbean grannies'Our country's letting in ISIS beheaders, torturers & enslavers.But prepared to deport Caribbean grannies who've lived & worked here all their adult lives'#Brexit #EU 
New Brexit poll from The Times:Would you vote to rejoin the European Union in 2020?Yes - 40%No - 60%*excl DKs 
His rabid supporters still insist he is playing the long game re Brexit - but time is running out 
Ireland’s Tánaiste & Foreign Minister @simoncoveney on #Brexit: “managing Brexit is like trying to unscramble an omelette – it is the most exceptionally difficult of tasks. It is not a question of one side winning, but of reducing the damage.”  
My letter to @Ofcom board asking that Chair & Deputy Chair, Lord Burns & Lady Noakes, stand down after voting with Govt against European Customs Union in the Lords this week. Ofcom regulates BBC on impartiality. They can’t take one side of the Brexit argument & regulate the BBC!  
Food inflation in the UK has been low for 4-5 years.... until post-referendum currency weakness caused what the FT calls "The biggest rise ever in food prices" EU - a precious part of our lives. #FinalSay #FBPE #Food #FridayFeeling #ABTV 
Peter Whittle, London Assembly Member, just endured Sky interview about Powell's speech 50 yrs ago. Interviewer tried to ally racist qn to one about #Brexit. Typical mass media agenda, roundly & correctly destroyed by @prwhittle.  Brexit was and is not a racism issue. 
These coordinated assaults are no coincidence. #Brexit is being attacked from all sides of the #politicalelite the #MAGGOTS who simply refuse to accept the will of the people. We must keep fighting These filthy #TRAITORS! #BBC #SKY @LBC #LBC @ConHome @Conservatives @theresa_may 
The pen is mightier than the sword, this EU referendum could turnout to be quite the master stroke consigning not only the EU but the House of Lords to the history books in one fell swoop with one tick of a box !! #CleanOut #CleanBrexit 
UK Brexit negotiators 'offered no new solutions' to Irish border problem in talks  
EU 'annihilates' May's Brexit plan for the Irish border in massive blowBrussels delivered "a detailed & forensic rebuttal" that made clear "none of the UK customs options will work - none of them", a source told the Telegraph.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
MAGGOT #Remoaners in #parliament are moving in lockstep with #Brussels to keep us trapped in the #CustomsUnion. Right on schedule, the #EU revives their  mindless guff about the #Irishborder to bolster #Brexit saboteurs. Pathetic TRAITORS!  #BBC #SKY #LBC 
On this day in 1968 in a hotel in Birmingham's New Street, Enoch Powell gave a speech which profoundly changed British politics. This curious archive clip sees him reflecting on his long-term political legacy #History #BritishHistory #Brexit #Wolverhampton 
53.000 and rising please sign and retweet Many thanks ..........Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  
My letter to @Ofcom board asking that Chair & Deputy Chair, Lord Burns & Lady Noakes, stand down after voting with Govt against European Customs Union in the Lords this week. Ofcom regulates BBC on impartiality. They can’t take one side of the Brexit argument & regulate the BBC!  
The maker of Lurpak butter says the Brexit vote is forcing €400 million of cuts  
LABOUR ARE PRO BREXIT. It doesn’t matter if you have a nice local candidate, their party’s policy is no different to the Tories. If you want a #PeoplesVote and #FinalSayForALL vote for your pro EU party and let Corbyn and the Tories know. #ABTV #WATON  
If we’d had a half decent Opposition party, Amber Rudd would have resigned by now, and the latest debacle over the Brexit deal would have resulted in ministers being called to the House to explain themselves.But instead we’ve got Corbyn, McDonnell, Abbot & Thornberry 
Our @Adamstoon1 @EveningStandard as the Brexit price tag goes up  
Today’s @EveningStandard as Arsene Wenger quits Arsenal after 22 years & Barnier warns of Brexit talks failure + @AndrewMarr9 on gay history + @sebcoe on advice for runners in this weekend’s marathon 
These coordinated assaults are no coincidence. Brexit is being attacked from all sides of the political elite who simply refuse to accept the will of the people. We must keep fighting!Support us at  
.@mrjamesob was left screaming in frustration as this Brexit voter told him the Northern Ireland border problem would definitely be solved, but he had no idea how.  
Absolutely brilliant Solidarity posters soon to be popping up in Cork! A brilliant message laying down the reality of abortion on Ireland. Regardless of the referendum, abortion is here in Ireland to stay. The question is how accessible it is. #repealthe8th 
Thank you to The House of Lords for voting overwhelmingly for A Customs Union with the EU post Brexit.There’s real wisdom beneath those coronets and ermine!  
Just met with Keir Starmer. Nice chap. But no support for People’s Vote, & ‘a meaningful vote in Parliament’ does not have Remain as an option but ‘go & negotiate again.’ - So: not good enough. Labour’s position is still functionally Tory on Brexit. 
We voted for anti Brexit Labour candidates in GE last year to keep Tories out. The party just declared the wins it gave them to be support for Corbyn and his own pro Brexit stance.Don't be a mug again with local elections. Use #ABTV and send Tory/Labour a clear message. 
The next #indyref is completely different from 2014. #Brexit has changed everything Scottish independence is now about Scotland's economic future!  
Voting Lib Dem in the local elections will be forcing Tory policies on the people at local levels. It will have no impact on *stopping brexit* They have a brexit strategy in their Tory Lite manifesto. (and they also want to continue selling off the NHS.) #VoteLabourMay3 
That is more technology investment than Germany & France combined. Vote of confidence in a high-tech post-Brexit Britain.  
On board the new “Brexit buster” ship at Dublin port. Direct to Zebrugge - worlds biggest Ro-Ro ship - will take an 8km long line of trucks and trailers.  
Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  It is 53,000 Signatures & roaring ahead to put the pathetic Peers on notice their time in British democratic politics is running out. RETWEET NOW! 
someone from the BBC recently said "can you imagine a Chinese journalist who didn't speak any English coming to the UK for a week and going back and writing a feature about Britain's view on Brexit? Well that happens all the time the other way round."  
The Union with England Act (which was passed by the Scottish Parliament to enact the Act of Union) states that all Scots Law that doesnt conflict with the Articles of Union will stand.That includes Scotlands sovereignty and Scots Law.Both will try to be subsumed due to Brexit 
If we win, then the referendum is overturned #Brexit isn't complete yet as the EU General Court says it will hear our  case 
All the 48% were in our hearts and minds in France last night as we discussed EU citizenship - @AlynSmith’s “Scotland in Europe” Wee Blue Book was even in the room with us as evidence we must all work hard to combat #Brexit propaganda like #Frexit here. 
Many people in Labour say the party must stay pro-Brexit because it has many seats in Leave areas. In short Leavers are respected because it is feared they will defect. Labour Remainers should think carefully about this. #PCPEU #StopBrexit #Brexit #ABTV 
Brexit will allow the UK Government to remove Devolution, Scots Law and  create a New Constituional Framework.  The UK doesnt make mistakes, it  makes calculated choices for further and ultimate control.Repeal the Act of Union - #RtAoU 
To the Brexiteer who sent me a *Columbo* meme on how great Brexit is & how crazy to try to stop it, then thought better of it, and deleted, here's my reply anyway.  
Theresa May is unfit to govern Britain. Jeremy Corbyn is unfit to govern Britain. The LibDems are an irrelevant joke party. Westminster is unfit to govern Scotland. Brexit is already an economic disaster, heading for a catastrophe. Let's get the hell out of it, Scots! #indyref2 
Poll Finds Brits Would Vote Strongly to Reject Re-Joining the EU After Brexit  
.@publico_es is reporting that Spain's Civil Guard concealed from judge Llarena the Treasury data showing that there was no embezzlement concerning the 1st October referendum in Catalonia. If this is all true (and there's no reason to doubt it), I think it is extremely serious.  
Immigration didn't cause Brexit. The public anger was came from collapsing living standards caused by Tory austerity dogma. The Labour 'moderates' failure to fight ruinous austerity head on created a void. A void filled by the Faragists who gladly blamed it on immigrants & the EU 
2/12/2016 PM's pledge to control immigration after Brexit was called into fresh doubt as it emerged a record 650,000 new arrivals poured into UK.In a devastating indictment on the PM and her Ministers,the majority who came were from outside the EU. 
Anti-Brexit bias runs like a spinal cord through the bloated body of civil servants and ex-mandarins that make up Whitehall:  
I have written to my local MP asking for his support for the granting of a public referendum to abolish the House of Lords.You can do the same through this attached website. 
So, if I understand this correctly: Spain's finance ministry 'tolerated' (in other words, 'allowed') 'pro-independence payments' to take place in Catalonia during 2015 and 2017. But as soon as a referendum is planned, it becomes a problem? This is interesting. Via @JoseApezarena. 
Add in Danish newspaper: "We the citizens of Denmark demand a referendum about Muslim immigration now!"  
Dear Twitter Friends This is important. If you want to make a real impact to #stopbrexit on May 3 the #LibDems need volunteers to deliver letters and flyers.Remember: Labour’s a Brexit party and a vote for Labour will Reinforce the government’s Brexit position please #ABTV RT 
Pressure coming from all angles now on Labour to change its position on Brexit  
Brexit divorce bill will now surpass £39bn, warns Whitehall watchdog.So much for £350m a week extra for the NHS. Brexiters promised more money for public services. Instead, Brexit costs us money.Hold a #PeoplesVote to #StopBrexit and #Remain in the EU. 
Good that Brexit is falling apart while there is still time to stop it  
Encouraging to note the Bank's latest estimate for #Brexit-related job losses - down from 75,000.  
Curious logic ?Lib Dems - furiously tweeting voting LD in the LOCAL elections will magically STOP #Brexit !LOCALelections are about who runs LOCAL services.BTW - not ONE single post from a Lib Dem - to my t/line condemns the TORIES !What does that tell me ?#LDsLoveHashtags 
You can't leave is going to be massively popular with Brexit voters...  
I second @Femi_Sorry We need to deal with the causes: inequality, lack of education, & Eurosceptic rhetoric drip fed to us by the right wing press... and the solution is not to Brexit. #Brexit will make the lives of the people who voted for it worse. They will be angrier still.  
The most important blockchain news, that Scotland has ever seen! Via @liveIndyScot IF this all falls into place, any future referendum on Independence, will be digitalised!!!!!Author:Scottish Cyber Evangelist of the Year, 2016  
Not really a bombshell, this case has been going on for a while now, but anyway..BREXIT BOMBSHELL: Expat war veteran leads charge to block Brexit by killing EU guidelines  
The government previous response for calls for reform of the H of Lords was to say it's not a government priority. Now we call for a referendum. This is the peoples priority. 
Still think Brexit will be a boon for small businesses and hi-tech start-ups?  via @FT 
I interviewed my 81 year old Grandad about his wish for a YES vote in the upcoming referendum. He’s my hero  
.@JLongworthLML & @John_Mills_JML: Don't let the Brexit wreckers take us back to medieval times: freedom from any Customs Union is vital  
Darlington Brexit-voter says a Brexit which leaves us practically less sovereign would be "Disgusting" #OFOCinDarlington #PeoplesVote 
I would much rather it was solved without a referendum. Just demote the first one to its correct, legal standing as a piece of advice that has been considered (very seriously indeed), tested, and shown to be undeliverable. Simple. 
‘SACK THEM’ Theresa May told to FIRE Tory Remainer Lords after failing to back Brexit plan  
Michael Gove's pledge to Brexit voters: Lords rejection won't STOP Brexit 17.4m deserve    
I'm still shocked at the BBC blacklist storyBlocking people from appearing on their shows because of their political opinionsWhilst simultaneously promoting UKIP, Tories and Pro Brexit 24/7 
This is exactly right. There’s a fifth column of quisling Remoaners conspiring to ruin Brexit. Civil servants, Remain ministers, Lords cronies, sacked former ministers - all complicit in undermining the U.K.  Traitors every last one of them.  
Harry Shindler, a war hero who liberated Italy from facist government, is also set to bring a Brexit case too.  
That’s not my #Brexit the border’s too hard.  
Find the argument that a second referendum would tear UK apart rather odd. Not sure if anyone noticed, but we're already a bit divided. 
But what exactly is holding the U.K. together? Brexit exposes the crippling weaknesses of both our politics and constitutionalism to manage internal disagreement. Britain seems pretty broken already.  
1. A British Second World War veteran will sue to overturn the Brexit referendum after a European Union court accepted his case.Harry Shindler, 96, who lives in Italy, argues that the result was invalid because he and 11 other long-term expatriates were denied a vote.  
Poor people, paid to sleep on the public purse are fondly referred to as 'dossers'. I've yet to meet a dosser who campaigned to keep us in the EU though. #Brexit #HouseofLords 
Well, this is interesting. Here's leading #Brexit campaigner Owen Paterson saying, in 2015, that there should be a second referendum on the final deal negotiated with the EU. Now he says this idea is "nonsense".  #PeoplesVote @MollyMEP 
Honestly, to listen to some coverage this morning, you'd think it was the NO campaign that had seen a 9% drop in support. Media spin machine in full flight. Only once in my living memory has a yes campaign overperformed it's polling position at this stage of a referendum. 
‘Brexit will allow us to bring in the best & brightest people from around the world”Like scientists developing anti-cancer drugs?‘Yes, but not *those ones*. We mean the best Australians, Canadians, New Zealanders etc. - if you know what I mean’We know exactly what you mean.  
Is there anything about the government’s approach to #Brexit that works? Are there any #brexiter promises being kept?  via @Telegraph 
Staying in the custom’s union restricts our trade in services - what we excel in. The recovery of sterling shows the markets have made up their minds on Brexit  via @telegraphnews 
Encouraging to see a growing collaboration of cross-party MPs calling for a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal. We need more @UKLabour and @Conservatives MPs to join the fight, forget political tribalism just this once and do what’s right for the country! 
Gooooood Morning, Brexit!  
Exactly. GFA incompatible with Brexit yet the Brextremists happy to sacrifice it on the altar of their Brextremism  
Over 50,000 people signed a petition yesterday to get rid of Lord Mandelson and his Brexit bashing House of Lords cronies. Over half way to consideration for a commons debate on getting rid of him and his House of Lords Remainers. 
Gibraltar continues to be the Barbary macaque that hasn't barked in Brexit.Brexiteers will be confused.In one hand: jingoism and demands for gunboats.On the other: Brexit is coercing Gibraltar out of EU against its will (19,322 to 823), and could well devastate its economy.  
Pleasure to have been interviewed y’day by @BenBrownBBC of @BBCNews; importance of #Commonwealth family for #Cyprus & #EU; need for CW to become more relevant to its citizens & global stage; #Brexit in relation to CW; succession. Will post link when available. #CHOGM18 #CHOGM 
Lib Dem victories in Labour and Tory backgardens sends a signal to them both to shake up their woeful Brexit policy. Also likely that you will get a blimming good councillor who will did your potholes  
I have reached the milestone of 24,000 followers.Many thanks to all of you around the world.The beauty of @Twitter is that we can get the truth out there when most of the #MSM are telling us lies.Twitter also played a major part in the success of @realDonaldTrump & #BREXIT. 
The unelected House of Lords has voted against not only the Government but also the people of this country. They know that their plan would mean #Brexit in name only – the worst possible deal.  
It’s Friday.And this “We’ve started, so we’ll finish” attitude to #Brexit is totally reckless.Every single report shows that it will harm our economy and our standing. Our reputation is already in tatters.#StopBrexitSaveBritain#PeoplesVote 
DRAGGING: Now EU reject UK proposal on Irish border as Remoaners push to keep UK inside Customs Union. Public voted for Brexit Britain free to negotiate global trade deals - no ifs or buts!  
Remoaners in parliament are moving in lockstep with Brussels to keep us trapped in the Customs Union. Right on schedule, the EU revives their mindless guff about the Irish border to bolster Brexit saboteurs. Pathetic!Support us at  
THIS COULD PUT THE CAT AMONG PIGEONS: Expats denied vote in EUref by the Tory’s failure to implement its manifesto commitment can sue to overturn referendum, EU court rules #BBCR4today @Anna_Soubry @NickyMorgan01 @ChukaUmunna @Femi_Sorry @RuthDavidsonMSP 
.A British Patriot Takes Action "A British Second World War veteran will sue to overturn the Brexit referendum after a European Union court accepted his case.". 
Brexit is what you get with a two party FPTP system. Two parties who spend all their time trying to undo and/or undermine each other's  policies for their own selfish political ends, rather than working for the country and it's people they were supposed to represent. 
My “mask” didn’t slip: I’ve been making these points publicly since the referendum.We subscribe to multiple supranational rules. Would you have us leave the ECtHR too?The “will of the people” is used to shut down debate & analysis.How about engaging w my actual point?  
#repealthe8th support now below 50% core support. Marriage equality in 2015 finished BELOW its core YES support, and the Seanad referendum was defeated with its core YES support around this level at this stage in the campaign. Undecideds are NO voters in disguise.  
They rant about "Global Britain" but the only 'global' thing about #Brexit Britain, will be that our country will be a global laughing-stock. Restore pride #StopBrexit!#VoteEU on May 3.#ABTV 
#Brexit divorce cost uncertain, say national auditors, but likely to be around £35bn-£39bn So much for the #Leave lie that it would save money that would all go to the #NHS ! 
Translation:'Brexit, Catalonia, Hungary, Poland...all voted against our instructions! The people have forfeited the government's confidence. We must dissolve them and appoint a more compliant electorate'Mr Verhofstadt is leader of the EU Parliament (!)  
The recent Enoch Powell retrospectives made me want to tell you all a story about something that happened a couple of years ago on a train to Lincoln, just around the EU referendum. 
The greatest damage of Trump and Brexit is how both of these idiocies have wasted humanity‘s precious time to deal with climate change. In a few years, we will look back and realize that nothing else should have mattered back then.  
Theresa May's Brexit divorce bill could cost billions more than her estimate, auditors warn  
Labour Brexit NO!☒Tory Brexit NO!☒No Brexit YES! It really is that simple, a vote for Labour or the Tories is a vote for Brexit. If you don't want Brexit then don't vote Tory or Labour on 3rd May. 
Good that Brexit is falling apart while there is still time to stop it  
Big shout out today to @peoplesvote_uk - and especially to all those courageous MPs, admired business people & cherished celebrities (@SirPatStew!) who have been brave enough to challenge the cult of #Brexit head on.#PeoplesVote is gaining momentum every day! 
EU annihilates all of the UKs post #Brexit Irish border plans, leaving the only option being to remain in the Customs Union. 
What we must contemplate is that if brexit happens the UK will become a country run by brexiters for brexiters. Think about that, with all the policies of Little England in all aspects of our lives, education, health..the policies of piety & the chains of self righteousness 
Spain's Minister of the Interior, Juan Ignacio Zoido, exaggerated the number of Spanish police injured during 1 October referendum.Remember Alfonso Dastis' world tour selling 1-O injuries as 'fake news'?Lying is the only thing we expect from the Spanish government.  
PEERS IN EU'S POCKET Brexit-bashing Lords receive £500k in EU pensions a year and aren’t allowed to criticise Brussels… but won’t say so in Brexit debate       
Spot on. PM should also take students out of the immigration figures. And #Brexit supporters should be honest w ppl that all trade deals involve relaxations on migration to UK. Missed Opportunity  
"Concerns" "demands" about immigration led to unachievable targets & a disastrous #EU #Referendum result. Let's now appreciate the positive benefits of immigration & reverse onus on ppl to prove they're British. Windrush mess will be worse after Brexit  
EU officials are set to reject a potential Brexit solution for the Irish border, Bloomberg learns  
Brussels rejected the UK’s two post-Brexit customs proposals to solve the Northern Ireland border issue  
Brexit is demonstrated as an elite project and members of that elite - including Farage - protect the rights of their children that Brexit is destroying for the rest of us.  
#BBCQTLet's give them something to discuss next week. Sign the petition to have a referendum to decide the future of the unelected House of Lords. 
Brexit with a Labour council is no different to Brexit with Tory council.Send them a message and vote #ABTV pro Eu parties only.Keep the focus on the parties, not the candidates to make your point clear @InFactsOrg  
PM’s Irish Border proposals subjected to ‘systematic and forensic annihilation’ by BrusselsHouse of Lords voted for UK to stay in customs union: MPs have chance to follow on Thursday - and vote against Tory hard Brexit lunacyLobby your MP to vote to stay in customs union! 
Brexit means SNAFUSituationNormalAllFucking fuckety fuckedUpI've more chance of organising my belly button fluff collection in a hurricane than this lot doing anything more than organising an "everything must go" closing down sale of our economy, humanity & common decency  
“This midterm election will be a referendum on the President of the United States and his conduct in office”writes @JohnCassidy 
If Nigel Farage thinks Britain, not Germany, lost the war and Brexit has 'restored national pride', who does that make him?  
‘Second Brexit referendum would tear Britain apart’ Have courage @martinwolf_  !If Brexit is national disaster we both believe then it is our patriotic duty to prevent itAs MEPs we are clear EU will find a way back for us if we win a #PeoplesVote 
Brexit: What we currently have.What we were promised. What we’ll end up with.  
Good news.We must follow #Orban.Drive out the evil globalists and banksters, with their evil mass migration scheme.#Brexit #Nexit #CloseBorders#SaveTheWest#cdu #spd #svpol #grünen #eu #vvd #d66 
There is an error here. If we want to send a powerful #PeoplesVote message stick to Voting Anti Pro Remain Brexit PARTIES only. Not Candidates. That will dilute the message .Not Tory, Not labour. At this time they are pro Brexit.#ABTV on May 3rd LE. 
Brexit divorce bill will surpass £39bn, warns Whitehall watchdog  
Congratulations once again #PeoplesUnity for the clean sweep in the referendum in #PIA at ALL stations #PPP 
Congratulations, sincere, to @IainDale (who I criticized this week) the only Brexiteer ever on #bbcqt that gets why 5 million EU in UK + UK in EU have been freaking out since Brexit that all our rights (residency, work, health, retirement) might be taken away - because #Windrush 
If there's a perfect case against Brexit, it’s @gocfilm. It’s a microcosm of what happens when two cultures meet, and how they benefit one another. All of Parliament should be required to see it, followed by a Q&A with @AlecSecareanu and @JoshOConnor15. Now that's a happy ending! 
(Stupid stupid Brexit) — “Our children and grandchildren risk being saddled with paying off this bill for decades to come," ... Final sum for Brexit divorce bill 'shrouded in uncertainty' - Sky News  
This recent #Brexit Poll for Bloomberg has some interesting results - note that only in Scotland (& Ulster) is there any support for EU membership & that is well under 50%. And this is before noting the 'Shy Leaver' effect in 2016 when poll averages said Remain.  
A Bill of Rights.Equality for the Irish Language.Funding for Legacy Inquests.A Referendum on Irish Unity #McGuinnessPrinciples 
made a post about gov sneakily changing the date on the #Brexit debate and #Remain being an option, they have done it AGAIN it has gone from 30th of April to 11th of June! #WATON #FBPE #ABTV please change any rallies you may have to the 11th of June. Pls Retweet people must know. 
Vote for an anti-Brexit party on 3rd May, or your vote will be used to justify Brexit. #ABTV 
GUESS WHAT?! A vote for LibDems ≠ a vote for Cons!N° of by-elections in 2018 = 76Typical result = Hold, but some change:LibDem gains 10/losses 2Green gains 1/losses 0Lab gains 3/losses 4Con gains 9/losses 14May3 send a signal to May/JC: anti-#Brexit tactical voting #ABTV 
Irish #pro-lifers launch 'vote no' campaign for referendum on unborn  via @CatholicRegistr 
My tactical vote last time for labour has been used as a mandate for their support of Brexit. That won’t happen again. Vote for your pro EU party and let’s send a message to Tory and Labour. #ABTV #WATON #Stopbrexit 
#ABTV in action.Second LD swing from Cons today.Marked Positive shift in the two Pro EU parties (17.4% between them).Marked drop in the Brexit facing parties especially Tories, EXCEPT a hard core UKIP vote that picked up 5.4% either from Tories or LBR or both.  
Seems UK negotiators are shocked by the inflexibility of the EU side in Brexit talks: @Telegraph Who would have guessed that they would be united, tough, clear-sighted and competent in pursuing the interests of the EU27? 
Theresa May 'blocked' Cameron from offering EU citizens right to stay after Brexit  
Brexit: on a "no deal" trajectory - with (as expected) the latest rejection of latest (repeated) Irish border proposals from the UK, we are now on the trajectory for a "no deal" - the worst of all possible outcomes...  #Brexinfo. 
This thread for ongoing disintegration of #Barnet Tories...Amazing town hall scenes as Cllr Khatri (one of veteran cllrs their hard Brexit clique deselected), endorsed the 3 @BarnetLabour candidates for #Hale - @rachellybee @vellstells @specialErny! 
The key priority for the EU throughout Brexit has been to demonstrate that its rules-based system will be the dominant order in Europe. By leaving herself no room for manoeuvre over the Customs Union, May has made this demonstration of power more humiliating than it needed to be 
InFacts are suggesting you ask individual councillors where they stand on Brexit. Don't be like inFacts - this is our last chance to do this properly. The headline policy of the Labour party (& Tories) is #brexit - don't vote for them - at all. #Stopbrexit #ABTV 1/2 
Gosh, I'm no psephologist, but could it just be that because the @LibDems oppose Brexit, and people are now sick to death of Labour and the Tories on this issue, they are starting to gain ground...  
Five weeks until #repeal the 8th referendum. Hopefully that is enough time for voters to understand that those awful No posters that try to induce fear, guilt and doubt are really about maintaining control over women’s bodies.  
Dr David Dke in POWERFUL Video by Brexit Party - Dr. Duke exposes that the real animals are ISIS, al Qaeda, Saudi Arabia & their Zionist Israeli and global Ziomedia agents. The Heroes are Assad and Courageous Syrian ISIS defeaters!  
Brexit divorce bill will surpass £39bn, warns Whitehall watchdog.How many hospital beds, doctors and nurses, is that?  
It wasn’t an ‘ethnic crackdown’, @wikileaks. ‘Spain’ hasn’t tried to fool the world, either. Some of its worst media have, ‘controlled’, it seems, by an inept government desperate to divert attention from its own corruption. Catalans should have been allowed a referendum. Period.  
#RETWEET & #SHARE: #Petition: Give the #electorate a #referendum on the #abolition of the #HouseofLords!  #BBC #SKY @LBC #LBC @ConHome @Conservatives @UKLabour #ConservativeParty #Labour #LabourParty #UKIP #Libdems #UK #USA #EU #TheresaMay #BREXIT #Tory 
Brexit divorce bill will surpass £39bn, warns Whitehall watchdog  
Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  
I’d like to put a marker down right now that if the Govt. fails to agree a withdrawal agreement, a ‘meaningful vote’ means a choice between leaving with no deal, asking to extend Art50, and withdrawing Art50.No responsible Govt. or Parl. could allow a car-crash no-deal Brexit. 
Utterly pointless question on Labour at the end.Emily Thornberry was a real Giant amongst a steaming Pile of Turd on that Panel Tonight.The Tories are viciously divided against eachother on Brexit yet their Splits will never be brought up on Question Time. #bbcqt 
The Brexit Broadcasting Corporation didn't get a single question about Brexit covering?Vote Leave campaign fraudMisuse of dataThe Lords and the CUThe EU and NI border red lines Tic TocNothing? #bbcqt 
If you are a traditional Labour supporter in the heartlands, wanting to get on in life, supporting Brexit, and wanting controls on immigration, do not underestimate the sheer contempt with which the vast majority of Labour MPs treat your concerns #bbcqt 
Spain’s anthem, now in @nytimes, because it is ‘violence’ to whistle during it. Will Spain never learn about the Streisand effect? Ban whistling, people whistle. Ban yellow, people wear yellow. Ban a referendum, and over 2m+ people will keep demanding one.  
can't help noticing Brexit gets talked about literally every single week EXCEPT for when there's one or more pro-EU people on the panel  our voice is deliberately being silenced #bbcqt 
As Oscar Wilde said about about me and Brexit, I am the invisible in pursuit of the unfeasible 
It’s not like Giuliani’s firm is smack dab in the middle of the Trump and Brexit data scandals. Oh wait. It totally is.  
University of Mississippi distancing itself from #CambridgeAnalytica clone Big Data Dolphins it leased space to, created by Bad Boys of Brexit to launder a voter data matching operation outside of UK territories, likely a gross violation of Data Protection Act of 1998.  
On a day on which @michaelgove spun some disgusting spin about how open Britain is, how positive a change Brexit has already brought, the world is looking at you. It is seeing all this. Global Britain? Not so much.  27/27 
Blimey, looks like it's all kicking off in Barnet tonight: deselected Tory councillor hits out at "hard Brexit" leadership of his own party; says the vast Capita outsourcing contract is "falling apart at the seams". Gift for Labour...  
Another excruciating #Brexit humiliation as the EU rejects the UK's #IrishBorder *solution*. Our government seems to think that because they managed to get 17mn people voted for #Brexit on false pretences, international law no longer applies to them. #BrexitShambles #ABTV 
Mississippi Gov. Phil Bryant brought Brexit firm with Cambridge Analytica link to Ole Miss  via @KREM2 
#bbcqt We've been sliding into a nasty racist country for years now. Windrush and Brexit are the results of this horrible side of the UK 
Customs Union gets a vote in parl next Thur.  BUT UK Gov cannot deliver its promises to Ireland without Customs Union AND Single Market.  Norway (in Single M) has Customs Border. Turkey (in a Customs Union) has a Single Market+ Border.  And a no Brexit deal is a big big UK prob!  
Suffice to say, one of my Brexit conversations in Darlington... went a little off-track... #OFOCinDarlington 
Glorious, hilarious metaphor for The Trump presidency, the Brexit campaign and my attempts to be a cool dad.  
Trump donor Peter Thiel has said what I think is driving the Trump-Brexit Right, namely that they believe that democracy is incompatible with the low-tax, low-regulation ultra-free market capitalism they desire. #StopBrexit #Brexit #VoteEU #ABTV 
46.500 and rising.Please sign and retweet. Many thanks ......Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords      
When Brexiters say ‘we’re happy to pay a price for Brexit’ or ‘nothing comes for free’, what they actually mean is ‘we don’t believe Brexit will harm our personal financial position’ and ‘I’m happy for other people to be poorer’  
Is it to divert attention from Brexit, Windrush, Cambridge Analytica and other poor performance?  
If you don’t stop Brexit you’ll lose the rights you now have to live, work, and study in 27 European countries, but you’ll surely get comfort thinking that Farage’s children will retain the rights you lose — unlike you, they are able to apply for German passports.  
In possibly the longest most epic chain I've ever seen on twitter Steve catches @afneil and the BBC Red handed manipulating brexit coverage. Word for word, comprehensively demonstrated. The cat is now well and truly out of the bag @Andrew_Adonis @PoliticsTosser@acgrayling 
Former #CambridgeAnalytica employee Brittany Kaiser testified before British Parliament's @CommonsCMS hearing that Cambridge used UK Breitbart data for #Brexit and US Breitbart data for Trump's campaign. 
NEWSFLASH: UK Brexit proposals to avoid hard border with Ireland in tatters. #Brexit #Ireland #EU 
Can't recall the last time the Prime Ministers of Canada, Australia, New Zealand and the United Kingdom - and only those 4 nations - coordinated on a joint media event. Feels significant... #CANZUK #Brexit #CHOGM18 
Ah well. Looks like proper hard Brexit on again. EU rejects Irish border compromise. Says UK must stay in a CU + follow single market rules 
TELEGRAPH: Ireland Brexit proposal in tatters #tomorrowspaperstoday 
And we will not accept illiberal oligarchies that presume to tell democratic nation states how they should behave. That’s why Brits voted for Brexit and why millions of Europeans would likewise vote to Leave if they had the chance.  
Your job’s a joke, you’re broke, your Brexit’s DOA...  
PALANTIRIt's far past time for #Palantir founder/#Facebook board member Peter THIEL's turn in the barrelPalantir, Facebook & #CambridgeAnalytica played a key role in the data op used to manipulate the election for Trump (and #Brexit).cc @ZevShalev @traciemac_Bmore 
The front page of tomorrow's Daily Telegraph: "Ireland Brexit proposal in tatters' #TomorrowsPapersToday 
I only just realised that Brexit is an anagram of what it risks turning people into when they lose faith in the UK.  
Exclusive: EU rejects Theresa May's Brexit Irish border solution as doubts grow over whether UK can leave customs union 
Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  
EXC. Back to drawing board on Ireland and #brexit after EU trashed U.K. border solutions. A “forensic annihilation”. My latest.  
Signs that Leave voters might want to rethink Brexit...  
Splits in Cambridge Labour again tonight.First Labour Leader Cllr Herbert says we should trust them on Europe as they’re pro-EU and Labour won’t vote through a damaging hard Brexit.Then Labour Cllr Sarris made it very clear that he is vehemently anti-EU, and so is Corbyn. 
Anti-Brexit bias runs like a spinal cord through the bloated body of civil servants and ex-mandarins that make up #Whitehall. Many of them have seats in the Lords. Last night every living former Cabinet Sec. voted against the govt on the customs union. 
There have been many huge anti Brexit marches in London. But the march on 23rd June promises to be staggering! Joint it! @ct4europe @Open_Britain @OFOCBrexit @_Britain4Europe @Scientists4EU @euromove @Labour4EU @InFactsOrg #PeoplesVote 
It's a local election, to decide who runs your council and nothing else.If you base your vote in a local election on your views on Brexit, when it has no impact on it at all, then you're a pillock.  
77% of Labour voters want a referendum on the exit terms, while 68% said they would vote to Remain.  
I can’t wait until after the referendum so bisexuals can have the loveboth hashtag back 
ConLab are denying us a #FinalSay. We have one opportunity to use our votes to say No! to #Brexit, and that's on May 3. Vote for pro-EU parties. Ask friends, relatives and colleagues to do the same. Spread the message far and wide, and fast!#StopBrexit #VoteEU #ABTV 
Forced to chose between your passport and your children, your partner, your job or the place where you have lived all your life.  This is what #Brexit does to people. Unacceptable. @the3Million @EelcoKeij @catherinemep @guyverhofstadt 
This from a guy who cheered for Brexit. #cdnpoli #ABLeg 
Treacherous Tory Remain MPs force a Commons vote on the EU customs union in a bid to pile pressure on Theresa May to soften her Brexit plans   via @MailOnline 
ANY protest against migration is ignored by the media. Yesterday a private citizen in Denmark had an advertisement, paid by herself , in a danish newspaper which advocated for a referendum about muslim migration. No media exept the one that had the add mentioned ANYTHING about it 
Minister for Health has committed himself for the next 5 weeks to spearheading a referendum campaign that would introduce abortion on demand. One more reason to #LoveBothVoteNO 
There was interference a plenty in the Scottish Independence Referendum of 2014.  
“Brexit would have been fine, if only it had been done *our* way!”Bwaahhaahhaaa   
Overwhelming Anti-Brexit Bias of Former Top Civil Servants  
This "PC" government must stop "deliberately" ignoring the genuine concerns of Brexit voters on immigration - @Nigel_Farage 
In her eagerness to smear anyone involved in Brexit, she keeps on making stupid mistakes (or making stuff up). This isn't journalism it's vendetta.  
The recovery of sterling shows the markets have made up their minds on Brexit, writes @JeremyWarnerUK 
hi @princeyahshua, huge fan. can i get a retweet to raise awareness for #Register4Yes, to make sure everyone in ireland registers to vote YES in the upcoming referendum? 
Thread: Theresa May is following in the footsteps of Mussolini, Goebbels & Oswald Mosley  in claiming the authority of the "Will of the People".#StopBrexit #Brexit #VoteEU  
I've signed up - Have you?Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords 
This article is worth a read for anyone interested in #Remainernow.What a global future’s analysis shows is that leave voters (as well as remainers) really don’t think #brexit is worth it! It’s time MPs but country before party!#stopbrexit #peoplesvote 
Let me be quite clear. I will not repeat the same mistake made by many who tactically voted for @UKLabour in the last GE. Their vote was to bring down May's majority, not endorse a Corbyn Brexit. I will not vote for Brexit, that means no vote for Corbyn or May on 3rd May. 
This. I've been a @UKLabour voter for more than 25 years - but now they're going to have to earn my vote back, and the ONLY way to do that is going to be rigorous, wholehearted opposition to Brexit.  
Interesting...and explains Boris’s ‘ludicrous’ attempt to brush off evidence there was cheating in the referendum. #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
On behalf of @M_AndersonSF MEP, @newryarmaghsf Sinn Féin invite all community organisations to attend a Brexit event tomorrow evening 6-8pm.If you wish to attend this event please contact the office on 028 30261693 or via email at aidan.mathers@sinnfein.ie  
1/3There’s an old game theory example which I think you’ll find relevant to Brexit:A husband and wife are choosing a restaurant. The husband wants pizza but his wife want fish and chips. So far it’s impossible to say what they should do. However,... 
Words fail, climate science denier, now Brexit reality denier. But the BBC still gives him airtime...  
Please RT: Nobody gave ‘informed consent’ for #Brexit. That’s because in the #EUreferendum, the electorate was not sufficiently informed. We were misinformed. That’s why we need a new vote on the final Brexit deal. The #PeoplesVote. See all our posters at  
#Brexit 17 million voted leave we’re leaving the EU. Stop putting on same bloody bores, everyday on TV. Chuka Umunna, Ken Clarke, Tony Blair, Michael Heseltine, Anna Soubry, Richard Branson, Alastair Campbell. Never ending listening to them trying to derail BREXIT.   
I am a centre left floating voter. I have voted Labour many many times in the past. If Brexit happens, hard or soft, I will NEVER vote labour again. That is a promise  
Delivering a truly Green Brexit  @michaelgove on what the Conservative Government is doing to reduce the plastic in our seas and oceans  
I have to admit that I'm not at all disillusioned with Brexit, myself. I thought it was the very pits of all stupid and ignorant ideas to begin with, so the réalité couldn't possibly disappoint me. And truly it hasn't.  
BREXIT: More defeats to come in Lords Brexit battle  /#EU #Brexit  
Chairman of the #Pakistan Peoples Party @BBhuttoZardari extends heartiest felicitations to the #PeoplesUnity of #PIA employees on the splendid victory in the national airline #Referendum. #Labour #CBA 
Indeed. They already are, not least thanks to this:  We need to raise awareness! I will do so @euwomeneu event in Berlin, 9 May, Brandenburg Gate. Thrilled two other great women fighting against Brexit, @Scotkraut & @nickynoo007, will be there with me. 
Encouraging comments from @Andrew_Adonis on young people getting involved in politics because of shock over #Brexit  vote  
Please keep signing and sharing with your followers. Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  
2019 Presidential election is a referendum on Buhari’s performance. Not GEJ. Criticisms of GEJ in 2019 should be ignored. 
A heartfelt column from a vociferous opponent of Brexit.The UK is already torn apart though, and trying to fix it while becoming poorer and isolated will be that much harder. Brexit will do nothing to heal the divisions & will only exacerbate the problems that caused them.  
What happened? Simple. Neoliberal Global Britain got into bed with Illiberal Xenophobic Britain. They had a baby together called Brexit Britain.Neoliberal Global Britain is now seeking sole custody of the baby. 
Theresa May is calling the cabinet to an urgent fudge meeting. They all need to get their story straight about the Windrush Generation Fiasco, the Tory Brexit Fiasco, and the all pervading Tory hypocrisy when it comes to the lies.We can however send a message #VoteLabourMay3rd 
Why a 15-20 year time frame for successful unity poll is the most realistic. Time to address practicalities including health provision & constitutional framework in preparation for a winnable referendum.  
The evidence is that the Government did not dare ask Parliament to make a decision to leave the EU before it started the Brexit process.  It simply asked Parliament to authorise sending notice of a decision that has no consitutional validity whatsoever.  
1.  It is already torn apart.2.  It depends how the referendum is conducted & what enforcement is included in the legislation3.  I’m for a two part Ref a week or so apart.  3 questions in part 1.4.  The top 2 get put out to a further vote in part 2 a week or 2 later. 
"If there were a proportional representation voting system in the UK, there would be no question of Brexit."  
Poll Finds Brits Would Vote Strongly to Reject Re-Joining the EU After Brexit  
Quite ironic how Burnley voted overwhelmingly for Brexit and yet here they are now getting really excited about the idea of going into Europe. 
When Theresa May & other Brexiters talk of the 'liberal metropolitan elite' they are referring to the thinkers & educated who question the platitudes and cliches of populist nationalism. It is the #Brexit version of Nazi anti-intellectualism.#StopBrexit #VoteEU #ABTV 
Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords . 40,000 Signatures to get rid of the Lords once and for all. Enough, Enough, Enough! RETWEET NOW: RETWEET LATER & OVER THE WEEKEND. 
It doesn't really matter what happens to Britain post Brexit. May and her husband will still be very rich, and retired. 
Opening question.What does a good Brexit look like?Lord Hestltine: "One where the decision to leave is overturned by the government and it doesn't happen."   #VCBrexitDebate 
Theresa May blocked David Cameron's attempts to unilaterally guarantee the rights of EU citizens living in the UK, following the #Brexit referendum, it has been reported Theresa May - an authoritarian-nationalist threat to human rights.#StopBrexit #Brexit 
This logic is of an unbelievable childish level. When subsidies go to a political party, it is not public money anymore. Yet the Guardia Civil claims that if the party spends it on activities concerning the referendum, it is suddenly public money again. .. 
.@theresa_may MUST resign. “#Windrush isn't an anomaly – it is the product of deliberate and consistent behaviour, and it has scary implications for Brexit” 
The first referendum did that. Great idea, @David_Cameron. 
Whether or not we decide to leave the UK, whether or not Brexit happens, the feeling of betrayal will be inside us until the day we die. Whichever the scenario, in time, maybe, just maybe, we'll be able to forgive - but we will never forget.  
Just to make it clearI've repeatedly tweeted that in my view the House of Lords should be abolished & especially so after they voted to stop #Brexit & overturn the biggest democratic vote in our historyI have never said that the @ForBritainParty would abolish the House of Lords 
I’m pleased that the Taoiseach @campaignforleo and Tanaiste @simoncoveney joined with me to discuss Brexit with representatives from Irelands Fisheries Sector this afternoon in Govt Buildings  
An important warning from @FraserNelson: Remainers implementing the referendum result are in danger of overcompensating and pursuing an inward-looking caricature of Brexit instead of the vision of 'Global Britain' that Brexit should be all about  
Theresa May's Brexit is being ruined by British democracy I @CNNOpinion  
David Cameron, the head of the Remain campaign, on why he doesn't regret holding a referendum and believes it was the right thing to do: “Treaty after treaty and power after power going from Westminster to Brussels and never asking the people whether they’re happy.”  
On Stansted Express to Bishops Stortford for my Brexit listening tour: meeting 7.30 Apton Centre. Airport the largest employer so expect discussion about Brexit & borders - & the future of the Stansted Express which needs massively upgrading 
After Brexit, Maldives leaving must be the biggest blow to EU. How will the EU survive this? 
I urge every person who has a vote in the May elections to vote for a Pro Brexit party or Candidate. Naturally I want you to vote #UKIP But if not UK Veterans party or For Britain. Please turn away from the usual suspects 3 main parties send them a message they won't forget. 
Cambridge Analytica appear to have helped Vote Leave avoid spending caps, and stolen data.The SNP have never worked with CA, ever.But you back Brexit so I infer from all this you're quite happy with the actual alleged crimes here?  
How do the #EU and the UK envisage their relationship after Brexit? We've analysed the framework for future EU-UK relations. Read about the areas of agreement and disagreement in our new paper  
'That's not accurate at all!' - Transport sec. Chris Grayling hits back at @PeterGrantMP scaremongering over aviation after Brexit  
3rd May is getting awfully close. Not seeing any change of position from Mr Corbyn @jeremycorbyn on Brexit so assume he doesn't need my vote. Well then, he isn't going to get it. If you back Britain, not Brexit then don't waste it by voting @Conservatives or @UKLabour on 3rd May. 
A second Brexit referendum would tear Britain apart  
This will be a referendum those arrogant bastards can’t ignore. Throw the lot out: emine robes, buckled shoes, expenses, fiddles, favours for slimy friends, failed politicians, greedy, gutless, shameless traitors to the land they rob & betray, yet hang around for the spoils. OUT!  
2. It is sunny.  Go out and enjoy the sun.  And let's leave Brexit arguments and hostilities for another day./ends 
1. Urgent thread for all those interested in Brexit - Remainers or Leavers, or neutrals. 
Having repeatedly called for staying in the EU SM &CU as a compromise with Remainers since day one I'm hoping that the Lords Am might be the start of a softer Brexit but don't underestimate the determination of HMG to defeat this notion and pursue their stated hardBrexit policy.  
This point goes to the core of both #ABTV and #PeoplesVote. Neither the Tories nor Labour have put any kind of emergency exit in place for when/if Brexit falls apart. The only choices available are leave with a deal or without one. We HAVE to force them to change that on May 3rd!  
#MQMPakistan supported union alliance, Labour Unity won PIA referendum convincingly.I congratulate all Unions and #MQM Pakistan PIA United Workers for this great achievement.Only PIA employees will decide the future of PIA. 
Why do Leavers so obstinately cling to #Brexit? Here's one explanation: People who display higher cognitive flexibility are less likely to support authoritarian & nationalistic ideologies & more likely to be Remainers.#StopBrexit #VoteEU #ABTV 
#Breaking @thomasbrake MP, Liberal Democrat Spokesperson for #Brexit and for International Development, said in a statement today that illegal actions by #Turkey in the Republic of #Cyprus should be condemned, and that international law must be upheld. #EEZ 
Don't let the Brexit wreckers take us back to medieval times: freedom from any Customs Union is vital - EFT Adviser @JLongworthLML and @John_Mills_JML  
Lords and MP's receiving EU pensions &/or other payments, should not be allowed to vote on matters concerning #Brexit. Conflict of interest 
This is how I would feel if Brexit were stopped: Cows jump for joy at being let outside for the first time in months  
The year is 2019, having just lost the second referendum, the pro-Remain cohort claim to “accept the will of the British people”. It lasts but a few months until they then call for their third referendum in 2020, as “more of those pesky old people will have died” by then you see. 
I have buried a little tin in the garden with a 5p piece and a note stating ‘This was the #Brexit dividend’.Some archaeologist might dig it up in a few centuries’ time, confirming what the history books had already concluded.#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
The divorce referendum was won by 1.6%, equivalent to one vote per ballot box #repealthe8th 
In just over 1 day 35.000 have signed this Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  
I’m far too old* to do a Twitter poll but the idea that Rudd, rather than May, should carry the can for the Windrush scandal is a nonsense cooked up by Brexit-supporting newspaper editors, right?*don’t know how 
This is really good. Could also have added what makes me nuts: he had already seen how divisive, upsetting and miserable a referendum was in Scotland, decided he didn't give two shits and called another one.  
#PPP Chairman @BBhuttoZardari extends heartiest felicitations to the #PeoplesUnity of PIA on the splendid victory in the national airline referendum  
Isn't it SAD that Remainers are reduced to criticising this feisty Brexiteer on the Daily Politics, NOT for her views but for her choice of dress & looking beautifulInsults are the weapons of the ignorant.....#Brexit @Ella_M_Whelan 
Whichever way you look at it the referendum has been a disaster. Its bitterly divided the nation, will solve none of the UK' s problems and it's made the divisions in the Tory party worse, which was the only point of the thing. Cameron is full of crap.  
Yesterday the #Unelected mostly pro-#EU #Lords voted to keep UK in EU #CustomsUnion (i.e. to keep #UK - de facto - in the #Failing EU). No one voted for the Lords. 17.4 million people voted for #Brexit . @CllrBSilvester (#ForBritain @ForBritainParty) says #AbolishTheLords. 
Congratulations #PeoplesUnity on clean sweeping #PIA referendum.About time enemies digest that people count on #PPP when it comes to speaking for their rights. Thank you @BBhuttoZardari n president @AAliZardari 4 unmatched leadership. 
#AbolishTheLords referendum petition, is coming along nicely.  
This is the British Gov shameful actions and revelations with in the last 7 days.Cambridge Analytical= ScandalRoss Thomson= disgracing himself Syria = disgrace Brexit = fiasco Windrush =Shameful HMRC= Tory Money laundering #YouYesYet 
BREXIT: Leave voters are now totally disillusioned with Brexit /#Brexit #PeoplesVote #FinalSay  via @yahooNewsUK 
Brexit means striking our own trade deals and, in order to do that, we must leave the Customs Union. This is what the British people voted for. WATCH:  via @YouTube 
For sake of manufacturing industry & peace in Northern Ireland, we need a customs union in Brexit deal. My @HuffPost article with @NickyMorgan01 before next week’s Commons debate 
People’s Unity won referendum  “rok sako tu rok lo” 
if russia invade just after we leave the eu, at least we can use the headline BREXIT PURSUED BY BEAR 
This is a reminder (from the ECJ president) that Brexit is not just a political issue, it is also a legal one and the ECJ will look into it  
Congratulations People’s Unity won referendum jeyay bhutto jeyay bilawal 
Keir Starmer STUNNED as BBC host shreds 'Remainers and unelected peers' blocking Brexit  
Reversing Brexit would pose threat to Europe, warns Francois Hollande  
Continuity Remain's latest email about their second referendum campaign gives recipients two options: Yes I'll support it, or I already support it. Appropriately mirroring the 'choice' they'd prefer voters were given on the EU. 
These are some of the people who cost us 100 million pounds per annum whether asleep or not. These are the people who voted against brexit because they are not going to be pushed around by the people nor bound by their referendum vote.  
So proud of #PeoplesUnity for our victory in PIA referendum! Time to put the people first. Dushmano Kay dil pay Teer. Jiya Bhutto Benazir. 
Having read text of McDonnell's speech, seems chief difference between Lab and T May Brexit positions is that May's ambitions have been tested more rigorously against reality.  
No, the Windrush fiasco is not a result of 'Brexit-era bigotry'. It is a story of Home Office incompetence and callousness. Must every issue, even one as important as this, be twisted into an attack on Brexit?@Tom_Slater_ on the #Windrush scandal. 
#PeoplesUnity clean sweep the CBA referendum. #BuyOneGetOneFree Party also called #KhoonLeague lost miserably. Congratulations @BBhuttoZardari and thank you #InsafFront PTI's union in PIA for voting for the #PeoplesParty - once again! 
Brussels prepares for HARD BREXIT: Dozens of laws pushed through within weeks  
Stop sleepwalking, Britain. Me, in @prospect_uk on the very serious dangers of Brexit & #EUWithdrawalBill on our right to equality & why our Parliamentarians must now make sure equality is not pushed aside by the haze and haste of the Brexit whirlwind.  
"We trust women to make the best decisions for themselves & their families."It's time Ireland stops turning its back on women facing heartbreaking decisions. The only way to do this is to #RepealThe8th.".@MaryLouMcDonald launches Sinn Féin's referendum poster campaign.  
“Everything that Scotland needs in order to become a successful and prosperous democratic independent state fit for the 21st century can be achieved within three years of a yes result in the next independence referendum.”Buy it. Read it. Share it.  
Did any of Peers, who receive EU cash,declare an interest in #brexit vote?No they didn't.If MPs/Councillors vote on something they've a financial interest in they'd be getting a knock on the door from the Police.The Peers seem  to be above the laws they pass for everyone else.  
According to government estimates, its preferred bespoke #brexit model could cost the UK £615 million per week. This is the equivalent to about 22% of what is currently spent on the NHS. A big red bus comes to mind. 
Sinn Fein Leader launches referendum poster campaign - @MaryLouMcDonald 
[Downing St]Adviser: Good news, PM. Everyone’s still talking about the Windrush fiasco, the callous brutality of your ‘hostile environment’ and your Brexit catastrofuckery.PM: How’s that good?Adviser: They’re not talking about this:  
BREAKING NEWSSecured “3” minutes speaking time in  the European Parliament today The longest speaking time I’ve ever had as your MEP!Was speaking about shipbuilding - #Brexit & solution of Red & Green Channels at ports  
Nigel Farage admits two of his children have GERMAN passports and will still be able to travel freely in Europe after Brexit  
A YouGov poll last summer showed that 41% of Brits see immigration as the UK's top priority in Brexit. This was higher than for any other issue.  
My new paper on civil society contestation of #ISDS in #TTIP/#CETA just out! Focuses on how CSOs used emotions to frame #ISDS as a threat to democracy, but were outmanoeuvred by the @EU_Commission. Has lessons for post-#Brexit/#Trump CSO trade campaigning:  
Anti-Brexit Lords get £500k in EU pensions a year and can't criticise Brussels EU forks out over £500,000 a year in pensions to 30 former MEPs and officials in the Lords.These Lords should declare an interest and not participate in the #Brexit votes. 
Deat Prime Minister 'Sharia' May...I know you're busy saving the World from plastic stirrers, bombing empty buildings and directing a play about ficticious Chemical and Nerve Agent attacks but....I just wondered....Any news on BREXIT???(Thought not)#traitor 
“This is where they try to kill Brexit,” says a minister. The customs union is the murder weapon of choice, writes @iainmartin1 
Hugely important: Senior Tories warning May she will have to call a referendum to get her Brexit deal through Parliament.Get ready for the fight of your lives, and your children's lives and those of your grandchildren, friends, neighbours...  
Our farmers are in the front line of brexit, and at real risk of being traded away by this UK government so desperate is it to get a deal. We should all be concerned.  
Please Retweet & Share - #Abolish the #Unelected #HouseofLords; replace with an #elected #SecondHouse. Click this link to sign the #petition:  #AbolishTheLords @UKHouseofLords #BBC #SKY @LBC #LBC @ConHome #BREXIT #Tory #Labour #LabourParty #Momentum #UK #EU 
A timely reminder that only 37% of the electorate voted to leave the EU during the advisory referendum. As this wasn't decisive enough, Mrs May begged the nation for a majority to press on with #Brexit at the 2017 GE. The result was that 58% said NO. 
A referendum to stem in-fighting within his party and to see off a threat from UKIP yet @David_Cameron says he has no regrets? His foolhardy gamble has split the country, entrenched bigotry and damaged our economic future. His legacy will be the worst PM since Lord North! 
#register4yes is encouraging people to make sure they are registered to vote ahead of the deadline on May 8, to vote in the referendum to remove 8th Amendment on May 25  
Send these UNELECTED Lords a message! Please sign petition. Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  
.@CarolineLucas grills the super-slippery Michael Gove on his nebulous plans for an environmental watchdog."That's the 2nd time, secretary of state, where you've not answered a question. In succession, not the 2nd time ever, I hasten to add."  #Brexit 
This invoice is dated 14 December 2015. The EU referendum date wasn’t announced until February 2016. Spending on the case for Brexit, and official rules on such spending, didn’t start until February 2016. If you spent “a year of your life” on this, you wasted a year of your life  
On Monday @UKHouseofLords will vote on whether we keep the EU Charter of Fundamental Rights after #Brexit. The Charter includes rights protections we simply don't have equivalents of in UK law. Read our (2 page) briefing with @AmnestyUK here:  
The Brexit process is a complete mess and the negotiations are going badly, which makes it more likely that we will get a bad deal. Take action today: demand a #PeoplesVote & join our campaign today:  
Can the Anti-Brexit braces compete with the Talent Doctor in 2018?  
Every day until the anniversary of the Brexit vote on 23/6 we will be posting a picture from the #MarchForEurope  There are too many people from all across Scotland who came demanding #DemocracyOnBrexit, and they cannot be forgotten or ignored #AlwaysEuropean  
I’ve never stood for election but I have a majority of 100% to represent myself as a voter who, like the vast majority of Brits, respects the results of the EU referendum. You?  
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau wants trade deal with UK the day after Brexit  
19. Owen, however, is less keen on the idea of a referendum on the deal today. No longer believing the referendum he one referred to as "an informed choice" as being "the way to go"...  
17. The first phase involves a 2015 election promise to invoke article 50 and negotiate a market deal around the Single market, before having a referendum on the deal. #FinalSay 
14. Owen’s support for membership of the Single Market was identified by Open Britain’s previous incarnation, Stronger In. As part of their referendum campaign, they documented and published his views in the document “What does Leave look like”.  
Overwhelming Anti-Brexit Bias of Former Top Civil Servants  
NC: Winning side in referendum said 'we don't care' what 16.1m people think - we are going to impose our view on this vote. A mature democracy shouldn't leave the losers empty-handed - this will guarantee a backlash. Everybody should feel they have a stake#IFGClegg 
"Languages have united us instead of divided us in #Europe" & "English will remain part of the multilingualism in the EU institutions, also after #brexit" says EU Commissioner @GOettingerEU #SCIC22 
I presume those calling fo a rerun of the #Gower election because the outcome was apparently swayed by one false tweet will also support another #Brexit referendum then?  
Thank you @HayteratLords and @UKHouseofLords for passing an amendment to the #RepealBill yesterday to safeguard Working Time Regulations after #Brexit. This is a welcome reassurance for both healthcare workers and patients. 
Does anyone actually believe elitist, rich leavers will give up THEIR EU citizenship? I doubt it. They'll wangle dual citizenship somehow. #Brexit will enable a two tier system where yet again the ones in power come out on top.  
So, Andrew Scheer criticized PM Trudeau for meeting with "European elites". As happens when your advisors are from Rebel Media, more going on here than meets the eye. Scheer & Rebel Media are Brexit supporters. The Brexit campaign dog whistled against EU laws on *human rights* 
I see Gove going full Orwell, claiming Brexit is “immigration-friendly”.#FarageBillboard#VoteLeaveTurkeyBillboard#CheckTheirTeeth#IndiaTradeDealVisit#LeaveEUAntiMuslimPostsGove’s Vote Leave campaign got into bed with the xenophobes and Brexit is their shared baby. 
Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords   ON WEDNESDAY THE HOUSE OF LORDS TRAMPLED ALL OVER THE DEMOCRATIC VOTE OF THE BRITISH PUBLIC, COME ON PEOPLE, LET’S SHOW THEM WHAT DEMOCRACY IS AND ABOLISH THEM ! S&S&RT 
All the Select Committees have been doing some excellent work exploring in forensic detail some of the decisions/ trade-offs that need to be made in the course of Brexit - perhaps the only forums where businesses are willing to speak openly too... 
After withdrawal bill defeats for govt we will continue to fight in the Lords. We now need #Brexit doubters in the commons to support our amendments. Our role is to amend laws that will harm the UK. It is now up to MPs  to do the same #FBPE 
This is how Brexit could hurt you as an LGBTI person in the UK  
Petition for a referendum on abolition of the House of Lords now north of 30,000 signatures.Please sign & RT.  
The 'rules' have changed beyond recognition since most members joined, and are still changing.  That's what caused Brexit.  If it was still simply a union of co-operating, trading nations the referendum would never have happened. 
#NigelFarage: Time to close the #HouseofLords down and kick #DavidCameron and #TonyBlair's mates out! !  #AbolishTheLords @UKHouseofLords #BBC #SKY @LBC #LBC @ConHome @Conservatives @UKLabour @LibDemLords #ConservativeParty #Tory @theresa_may #BREXIT 
Britain wants the EU to protect its products from imitation post-Brexit, but won't return the favourIn which I play my role as the MEP for the Cornish pasty, Plymouth gin, and cheddar cheese, all at risk from the #BrexitShambles 
The government see our armed forces as a mere bargaining chip in Brexit negotiations. We should get out of EU Defence Union now.  
Petition to request parliament for a public referendum to decide the future of the House of Lords approaching 30K. We are on a roll. Send a message to the establishment. Sign the petition. 
Govt claims of wanting to preserve “geographical indications” to protect British foods like Cornish pasties from imitation after #Brexit are hard to swallow.  
And you wonder why the Lords voted against Brexit?!#snouts#troughs 
Congratulations Jiyalas... #PeoplesUnity leading the PIA referendum. This is going to be worst ever defeat for #AirLeague despite the fact that #PMLN is in Government (and according to #PMLN), Nawaz Sharif is at the peak of popularity. #JeayBhutto 
Ken Clarke - No one is going against the will of the people.. the referendum wasn't fought on let's leave the SM.. half of MPs couldn't explain what the SM/CU was. We mustn't give in to extreme #Brexiteers who have an extreme reaction to anything EU.#StopBrexit #FBPE #bbcdp pic.twitter.com/t8ljB0VlM1 
Dear @JeremyCorbyn,The liberal, lefty, compassionate views of young Brits seem to be linked to you these days. So if you make labour approve Brexit at the end, the young people who held your values, will seek other more centrist role models.YOU are pushing Britain to the Right!  
That’s because your Tory bosses in London held the meetings with #CambridgeAnalytica . You were out of the loop just like on #fisheries & #Brexit. Still, a big thank you to @RuthDavidsonMSP for entertaining us all at #FMQS today  
David Cameron may not regret the Referendum, but about half the electorate does. A disastrous act of national self-harm, which has already led to the UK slipping from 5th to 7th in the global economic league. And we haven’t left the EU yet!  
Me everytime I read UK right wing papers post-brexit.  
The right to speak has not yet been taken from us but the right to speak freely has gone. Yesterday the House of Lords with intent, ignored the will of the people, voting against brexit. As globalists, the people have long since been disregarded by them. Time to sling them out! 
Brexit is a big deal, not a done deal and it is too important for politicians alone to decide, which is why we should have a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal.  
Convinced that if the UK had this weather more often we wouldn’t be dealing with Brexit. Couple topless van men just wished me a good day & one of em had the iconic ‘bulldog X St. George’s Cross’ tatt. I am amazement.The sunlight is out here frying away all the prejudice  
This could spell serious danger for the Government's ludicrous Brexit strategy. Parliament is flexing its muscles.  
Nigel Farage has admitted two of his children have both British and German passports, which would allow them to take advantage of free movement rights post-Brexit, #FBPE 
#Brexit is falling apart without the need for Corbyn to oppose it. The final deal will be a worst-of-both-worlds fudge that neither hardcore Leavers like Rees-Mogg nor hardcore Remainers like Soubry will want to vote for.Hate to say I told you so, but I told you so.#bbcdp 
Parliament needs the chance to steer Brexit negotiations before it is too late. That’s why next Thursday’s Liaison Committee nominated debate & vote will be on a customs union.   
"That’s Not My Brexit!" 
This is very telling, because a large part of Brexit is really "we wish we still had the empire"  
The people of the UK did not vote for ‘diversity’ but got it, the people DID vote for Brexit and aren’t going to get what they want, the illusion of ‘Democracy’ is breaking. 
Nigel Lawson is a climate change conspiracy theorist who lives in France. So naturally he gets invited on #bbcdp to talk bollocks about #Brexit. 
Oh it’s the weather (not Brexit! - of course not!) that’s trashing the economy: “Pound sterling continues downward trend after disappointing UK retail sales figures - The Independent  
.@michaelgove leads a happy life on a different planet, it seems, observing earlier today that Brexit has helped make the UK the 'most immigration-friendly country in EU'. Well, what can I do ... other than make that the topic of #TanjasDaily today  1/ 
David Cameron says he doesn't regret the Brexit referendum: Millions do and the future of young people put in peril because of his party political gamble.  
That Is Not My BrexitA thread.Pic - ht @how_aptApologies to Usborne for the parody> 
Jacob Rees-Mogg is in line for huge Brexit personal windfall. Health care in England has netted £100m for Virgin's coffers. New Traingate footage proves Corbyn told the truth. Random headlines show what a sorry mess Britain has become. 
Christian Adams on Theresa May as the heat rises on the Brexit votes - political cartoon gallery in Putney  
#Brexit is an act of self-destructive folly which has made Britain into a global laughing-stock. So I think this slogan is appropriate, especially in reaching the more 'patriotic' Leavers.Restore respect #StopBrexit!Please RT if you think It's one we should be using.#VoteEU 
Which Brits will keep their rights as EU citizens after Brexit?  Nigel Farage's family:  Your family:  
Our @Adamstoon1 @EveningStandard as the heat rises on the Brexit votes  
In a more civilised age a government would fall over this type of cronyism but in #brexit Britain this is just another day on our road to becoming a banana republic for corporations.  via @HeidilBlake 
Farage has now please publicly confirmed that his children retain their Rights to live/work/study in EU as post #brexit they were able to apply for German passports.So post brexit when you lose your rights I’m sure this will be of some comfort to you. 
LIVE: A discussion on Brexit and beyond with @Keir_Starmer, @gailcartmail, @afme_SimonLewis and @MarloesNicholls 
Arguably the most worrying aspect of the current government, often lost when discussing the details, is its normalisation of the idea that policy should be based on ideology rather than evidence. Its immigration and Brexit policy actively go against available evidence. 
Just asked that the Prime Minister lead a debate in which she'd guarantee that no long term EU citizen living in the UK, when applying for settled status, will be threatened with deportation.  EU citizens who've devoted their lives to the UK need that reassurance. #FBPE #Brexit 
NEWS: Foreign Secretary @BorisJohnson has announced an expansion of the UK's diplomatic network with nine new Commonwealth posts. #CHOGM2018 "These new diplomatic posts are in regions which provide huge potential and opportunity post-Brexit"  
Some positivity on the #WarmestDayOfTheYear! Our Commonwealth allies have great confidence in "tremendous" Brexit Britain. Why can't our own politicians talk up our prospects instead of lamenting the decision taken by the people?Support us at  
That's my Brexit!That one there.The one which cannot actually happen.6.  
Most of what I do is driven by the knowledge that if Brexit happens, when things get bad there will be so much anger. Anger at Politicians, the System and at Brexit voters who stayed silent when things clearly weren't going to plan.Everyone will be asking: Why didn't we do more? 
IT IS TOO HOT. I KNOW WE WANTED SUNSHINE BUT THIS IS TOO MUCH. I JUST SAW A PIGEON ON FIRE. TEA EVAPORATES AS IT IS POURED. THE LONDON UNDERGROUND SMELLS LIKE A WET FORGOTTEN KEBAB. EVERY MAN THAT WALKS ABOUT WITH HIS TOP OFF DEFINITELY VOTED BREXIT. 
Ex-DUP SpAd Andrew Crawford - who passed confidential RHI info onto family members about the lucrative scheme - is now back working with the DUP on its Brexit policy.!...you couldn't make it up.#CoughsLoudly @grumpyfactcheck 
Should the UK stay in the Customs union after Brexit? Ministers suffer first defeat on EU Withdrawal Bill RETWEET & VOTE  #YourVoiceMatters 
Reversing Brexit would pose a threat to Europe, warns former French President Francois Hollande: "The vote has taken place and nobody can question it"  
Anyway, getting back to what this is all about. OurFutureHQ is basically run by someone who is a British national who supports the Tory party and Brexit and has worked for Tory think tanks. Ok ? I think this is apparent by what has appeared above. #togetherforyes 
Gove's claims are as plastic as the straws he wants banned in England. He shamefully whipped up poisonous migration myths, not least about Turkey, to squeak the referendum  
More seriously though, Edward Barrett-Shortt & Barrett Shortt & Griffin seem to be closely linked to the Bow Group, the UK’s oldest conservative think tank. Bow actively supported Brexit & in 2015 called on voters to back Ukip in constituencies where Tories couldn’t be elected 
What else does Edward Barrett-Shortt believe in ? From his public social media accounts it would appear that he supports #Brexit, is perhaps a Tory and also appears to be fond of #NigelFarage & that’s just what’s publically available, who knows what he’s opted to keep private ? 
Brexit Referendum is an unusual name for a pig   
'Windrush isn't an anomaly - it is the product of deliberate and consistent behaviour by the Tories, and it has scary implications for Brexit and our worldwide reputation' | Sadiq Khan  
Arlene Foster said Dr Crawford is doing "some research in terms of Brexit for our MEP. It's very much a backroom role; he's using his expertise in relation to that." She criticises media coverage of him. Inquiry chair Sir Patrick Coghlin says media interest "hardly surprising". 
Those who once insisted that referendum mandate was "clear"......are now conceding there are many interpretations of Brexit, and that UK is now doing the wrong sort of Brexit.Perhaps the mandate was not clear to begin with and was always capable of different interpretations. 
This is the sharp end of Brexit.  I hope you are ashamed Mrs May and co. #StopBrexit #FBPE #ABTV 
Under questioning at the RHI inquiry, Arlene Foster has revealed that her ex-Spad Andrew Crawford - who passed to his relatives a confidential Stormont document showing that the lucrative RHI scheme was going to end - is now working part time on the DUP's Brexit policy. 
Leavers don't like the Brexit options on the table - new poll. Most people think the politicians are making a botch of this deal, that's why we're calling for a #PeoplesVote on the deal - 
The mandate for Brexit is clear!This is the wrong sort of Brexit!And loop. 
If we can't provide for the Windrush generation, how can EU citizens feel assured by promises about Brexit? 
New poll shows Norway option most popular form of Brexit - even among Leavers  
Dear mr. president @EmmanuelMacron and mr. prime minister @marianorajoy! I suggest you arrange a joint conference with president @KRLS of #Catalonia to discuss about the catalan process and to also discuss about the catalan regions on the french side. Referendum together for all? 
This is human cost of Brexit. Farewell, dear friend, for all your work for In Limbo and for citizens’s rights. @InLimboBrexit @vdavidmartin @HaseltonMarlies @msmarbles2017 @tempora_magda @Vie_Promo @CosiDoerfel @Carole_29 @cliodiaspora 
The former head of the Civil Service says some ministers felt Theresa May’s hostile environment policy was reminiscent of Nazi Germany. And The "Will of the People" rhetoric of Tory #Brexit is almost identical to that of Goebbels after a Nazi referendum victory.#StopBrexit 
I think it has to be said that there is something evil about #TheresaMay's actions on #immigration while she was Home Secretary. Her #xenophobic utterances to the Tory faithful as PM have reinforced this impression. #Brexit 
My heart does break when people tell me they’re voting no in the referendum, abortion is just a part of the referendum it’s so much more than that, even if ur against abortion the 8th has to be repealed, so important to educate yourself properly before making a decision 
Are the men in ermine about to get a sermon? Many people are signing a request for a referendum on abolishing the House of Lords. At last count it was 23,000+. #LordsBrexitBetrayal #EUReferendum 
57% of Germans want increased economic #protectionism - just a wee bit less than in US (61%)... In UK its 59%, which doesn't bode well for "liberal Brexit" agenda... And the French, well - 75% for more protection... Data from @BertelsmannSt. 
#Brexit robs ordinary people of Freedom of Movement. The rich and the powerful won't be affected. Brexit will restore the privilege of wealth and power!#StopBrexit #VoteEU 
I have NEVER voted Conservative in my life. (i'm centre left so no surprise).If Brexit happens, hard or soft, i will NEVER vote Labour again in my life.That is a promise. 
Healthy, white teeth start with strong enamel—and enamel stays strong by brushing 2x daily with Pronamel Strong & Bright toothpaste. @PopSugar 
Nigel Farage:“All I can say is House of Lords is stuffed full of former MPs, party donors & former #EU Commissioners.They are a London-based clique & most of them are mates of Blairs & Camerons.The whole place is a complete & utter disgrace.”#Brexit 
As threatened, the House of Lords has voted against the brexit bill. No way are these globalists giving you your freedom when its going to cost them money. This is not what democracy is all about. It's time for the House of old Farts to close. They do not represent the people. 
Majority of Germans were not aware of concentration camps that were set up by the Nazis until after the war. Hitler didn't ask Germans in a referendum if they wanted to carry out a holocaust against Jews. The argument that majority is peaceful hence Aal is well is very stupid. 
Notorious liar Michael Gove says Brexit has helped make the UK 'the most immigration-friendly country in EU'... He just can't stop lying can he?  
May ‘ponders’ plastic straw ban. Well, that’s OK then.WindrushGrenfellSyriaYemenPanama PapersTory sex pestsBrexitIrish borderDUP bungBastard Mr Marina Wheeler QCSkripalRussia#FreeNazanin The list of unresolved issues is so long, the ineptitude is so immense 
Today im 18, now i can vote. Sorry #corbyn but i dont fool for you fantasy economics and hate filled campaign. I have a postive outlook for my future and thats can only happen in a capitialist soceity.So heres one more vote for theresa#Conservatives #TheresaMay #Brexit 
Cost of #Brexit translated to the NHS budget. Please RT.  
After last night’s HoLs Brexit vote, I’m launching a new bus....  
The opinions of those that consider a football match to be a suitable analogy for the EU referendum, quite frankly, aren't worth listening to.  
New poll shows voters would reject the opportunity to rejoin the EU by a massive 16 point margin. Gauging hypothetical scenarios is hard (as the pollsters admit) but shows why Remainers are so keen to stop Brexit in its tracks rather than play a longer game.  
April 19,1775. Approximately 1,500 British Regulars had it handed to them by approx 3,960 Massachusetts suburbanites in the first Brexit referendum.  
Once again labour using lies to get votes. Local council elections has nothing to do with Brexit.Yet labour won't call out their own liars will they @UKLabour @labourpress  @ActivePatriots 
Can we expect #Brexit to be dropped the next time Theresa goes on holiday? Asking for lots of friends #FBPE #WATON 
UK–INDIA TRADE: Britain and India have laid the ground for a possible post-Brexit bilateral free trade deal and signed off on a series of commercial agreements worth up to £1bn.  
Nigel Farage BRANDS peers ‘UTTER DISGRACE’ after anti-Brexit vote in Lords   
You’re wrong, Wendy. The House of Commons has so far shown itself willing to go along with Brexit but only if it can blame it on the will of the people. As the evidence mounts that the referendum result was illegally obtained, it won’t have that excuse any more.  
Why should unelected Lords and Ladies have a say on something the British people have already decided in a referendum? Watch again ▼@JuliaHB1 | @RichardNewby3 |  
‘Disgrace’: Lords Win Vote to Block Clean Brexit  
Michael Gove says Brexit has helped make UK the most immigration-friendly country in the EU - Politics live  
3: Xenophobia, or a fear of other groups, was a strong predictor of a ‘Brexit’ vote regardless of people's age, gender or education. It also identified the belief that the UK is so great it is entitled to privileged treatment. Collective narcissism displayed as Empire delusion. 
David Cameron says he doesn't regret the EU referendum: You can't see "treaty after treaty, and power after power going from Westminster to Brussels, and never ask the people whether they are happy governed in that way"  
Time’s running out & we need to think fast about how our rights are being affected by Brexit. Join us next week as we talk about the urgency @anandMenon1 @CSBarnard24 @colemancr @UKandEU. 
2: There are disturbing and awkward realities about certain groups of people in this country who supported Brexit. The way in which the Brexiteers won has clearly come at a high cost to the country. 
Btw this is the original illustration. Nearly as much as I’d like my art not to be used to promote Brexit, I’d also like it to be clear that I’m actually OK at making aesthetically considered backgrounds.And this is Jim's article:  
And here is the reason so many #Tories want #Brexit; they want to turn Britain into a low tax, low regulation, low wage economy & a tax haven floating off into the Atlantic - who voted for that The idea there'll be MORE MONEY for public services is nonsense#Lycamobile #HMRC 
Govt response to petition ‘Declare the 2016 referendum vote null and void due to foreign interference’. ‘ The Government is clear that the result should be respected. There has been no evidence of successful interference.’So ,May lied when she said that Russia had interfered? 
That's five former Cabinet Secretaries, three former Foreign Office permanent secretaries and the former Treasury perm sec who voted against Brexit last night. (h/t @hzeffman) 
This is an article with laudable intent... but one fatal flaw:It is of the Hannan school of thought that you can get into bed with xenophobes, have a Brexit baby together, then claim sole custody of the baby.The line about Boris Johnson was daft, given the Turkey posters.  
If anyone is still wondering why Brexiters think the civil service is working against Brexit, take a look at this.  
Will the small minority of Tory backbenchers pursuing an anti-Brexit agenda, have the temerity to back unelected peers in challenging the will of the British people? They will be signing the death knell for @Conservatives if they do!     #HouseofLords #Brexit #Conservatives 
Former Civil Service Chiefs Vote Against Brexit:  
Watched the Labour party political broadcast last night. Not one word about Brexit. Not one single word about the greatest threat to this country since WW2.Labour has become a joke. 
Had a dream that Ireland voted no in the repeal referendum , so I started building a barricade on the quays and lots of random women started to join me and sing in the style of Les Mis 
#HouseOfLords is rightly being monstered by the social media for trying to overturn the biggest democratic vote in the history of our great country.Those Peers who voted to stop Brexit have signed their own death warrant.The days of the arrogant House of Lords are numbered. 
Nigel Farage, godfather of Brexit, will get his kids German passports so they are not disadvantaged by Brexit like 60 million other Brits will be...    
Never been one to shout much at the radio but the combination of a sickeningly sanctimonious Michael Gove and a complacent John Humphrys this morning on #Immigration #Windrush #Brexit was truly unbearable.  
Well, well, well...what do you make of this Leave voters. Brexit isn't about cutting migration; it's about who calls the shots...ie Boris, of course, in his quest to be PM. He lied to you...time to turn back. #PeoplesVote #FinalSay 
Day after the referendum: EU asks UK to outline its plan.6 months later: where’s your plan?1 year: hello? plan? we need your plan.18 mths: PLAN. YOUR. WHAT IS IT.2 yrs: UK: ooh cunning plan, let’s come up with a 50 page dossier & outfox Barnier!EU: FFS   
People voted for Brexit so that we can set our own immigration policy, says Michael Gove, while discussing the evil ‘hostile environment’ immigration policy that his Government literally invented.Goes unchallenged. Again. 
A majority of the unelected Lords have betrayed the British people by voting to keep the UK in a Customs Union, and sabotaging the freedom to make our own trade deals and the future prosperity of the nation. The Commons must now obey the people and ensure a full #Brexit 
Add this to the list of broken promises and down right incompetence! We were promised seamless transition... Brexit ministers ‘thought’ we’d remain part of the European Medical Agency post Brexit! #ABTV #StopBrexit #WATON #peoplesvote #FBPE #FinalSay 
Never forget. This man created #Brexit chaos because of an internal Tory party feud. He then knighted all his mates (and f***ed off)  
Lord Patten of Barnes leads peers throwing a spanner into Brexit worksSpanner in the Future of the Unelected Misfits Lords Fiasco!  
Want to join a growing movement of young people who want don’t think Brexit is inevitable, and are calling for a #Peoplesvote on the Brexit Deal? Sign up at #FFS 
It's time for EVERYONE IN THE UK to send this Brexit government a simple message.Give us the Brexit you promised.Or admit you got it wrong.You promised us the "exact same benefits" plus more NHS funding & better trade deals.It's time you were honest with us.#peoplesvote 
David Cameron, 'I don't regret holding the #Brexit vote', I'm sure just like your relief you don't regret the hate/division/xenophobia/racism it's caused, thanks to him we'll lose influence, rights, we'll be isolated, in 8 years the tories have destroyed Britain #ToriesOut. 
FARCE: 83 LibDem Lords vote for an EU Customs Union - but the anti-Brexit party is polling just 7%. Is that really democracy?  
."A cabal in UK politics is in a position to try to push Brexit through because of the uncodified & largely unwritten constitution of our country.". 
"Former British PM David Cameron says he doesn't regret the Brexit referendum"  
A glimpse of post-Brexit Britain.The ‘low tax, low regulation’ one.  
Huge issues and massive outrage #Windrush #Brexit so #r4today brings on Michael Gove to talk about plastic straws & cotton buds in its flagship 8.10 interview. 
Let's get this up to 100k. They don't get £300 a day to thwart the democratically expressed will of the people #Lords #Brexit 
Heard some fake news about a government defeat in the House of Lords on their flagship #Brexit bill. Went to the the #BBCnews website to check it out and not a mention. Guess it didn't happen then. Report the news not the government agenda BBC. 
Huge if true: @spectator’s Brexit is not a butterfly anymore. Concerned Brexiteers looking for answers  
.@campbellclaret, I agree about deeply worrying BBC bias in  coverage on BrexitIt is the same - or worse - on Corbyn or Scottish independence It would be good - and helpful to your cause - if you and @Andrew_Adonis and others acknowledged this and campaigned for BBC to improve 
Liam Fox said a Brexit trade deal would be 'the easiest in human history' - it isn't turning out like that. The disgraced MP has been accused by farmers of underestimating how hard it will be to secure farming trade deals - they are "deeply concerned" #BrexitShambles #StopBrexit 
Keri Starmer: The EU Ref answered one key question do you want to stay in the EU or Leave the EU.ME: There you go...confirmation a vote for Labour = #Brexit. If you back #Remain & want to #StopBrexitSaveBritain don't vote Tory OR Labour 03/05/18.#FairVote #ABTVtoStopBrexit 
In the year of our Lord 2018, in the middle of a referendum on abortion, the Archbishop of Ireland is fighting against contraception. #SexEdBill #8thref 
"EU PLANS TO REPLACE UK IN 2 MORE LAND GRABS TO THE EAST" EU trumpets enlargement but these tiny economies will only be a drain on resources.  Full #Brexit story:  
Brexit has been made possible by Britain’s constitutional disarray. To fully resolve the first problem, we must tackle the latter. Read the latest from @ACGrayling here.  
Ex-head of the civil service, who has called for an investigation into the #Windrush scandal, reveals  #Tory ministers compared Theresa May's Hostile Environment Policy to those of Nazi Germany. She went ahead with it anyway..... 
Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the house of Lords.RT /SHARE  
Unending shame on the politicians who used Brexit to turn Britain into a pathetic, myopic UKIP fantasy which does this to people 
Without much of the British press noticing it, #EasyJet has already left the UK and moved a chunk of its EU operations to #Austria (this will allow them to fly in the EU post #Brexit provided they meet ownership rules)  
Anti-Brexit Lords get £500k in EU pensions a year and can't criticise Brussels - HOW CAN THIS SERVE DEMOCRACY? Please sign petition  
Nigel Farage has admitted that his children have both UK and German passports, which will allow them free movement in the EU after Brexit... 
Since discovering the link between dirty water and cholera, Britain invented what is now called public health - here's why we will continue to be a leader in the field post Brexit @politicshome | 
The Queen has been drafted in to charm former colonies over trade after Brexit  
Fair enough David Cameron saying he doesn't regret calling the EU referendum. It was the packing it in the next day and leaving everyone else to clear up his mess that annoyed most folk, though. 
Apparently a total of 2.6 million 10p coins featuring banal images celebrating 'Britishness' have entered circulation. The perfect metaphor for Brexit Britain; symbolic national self-aggrandisement of very little actual value. 
Give #PeoplesVote a huge early presentMost councils seats are all up on May the 3rd due to boundary changesUse #ABTV in the #LE2018 & vote for an Pro EU party or personLD's, Greens, Renew or an independent to force a #FinalSay Don't vote pro Brexit for the Tories/Labour 
The PM lies twice to Parliament, the government loses two crucial Brexit votes.... and you’re leading on plastic straws and the Commonwealth games. Editorial neutrality? #R4Today @BBCr4today 
Spain's finance minister, Cristóbal Montoro, has told the Spanish newspaper El Mundo that while he did not know where the funds for the [independence referendum] vote had come from, “I do know it wasn’t public money”. #Llibertat 
Proof that @BBCNews has sunk to tabloid level. They lead this morning on death of a B-list celeb & ignore 2 big govt defeats in Lords on Brexit.  In the bottom left corner you can see they have mimicked the Sun front page.  
Lord Lawson tells Lords that Leave campaign made it clear that leaving EU meant leaving customs union. Not true. In six months before Brexit vote my research reveals that in all national newspapers the phrase ‘customs union’ occurs just 67 times. 
'You are playing with FIRE' Anger as unelected Lords vote to DERAIL Brexit  
And Dishonest Dave converted publicly to an EU referendum only in Jan 2013 as a tactic against Ukip, never expecting a 2015 Con majority so coalition Libs would block it 
If MPs were getting a free vote on the Brexit deal I’d be happy. Because Labour and Tories will make it a whipped vote, the shape of the deal is effectively being dictated by 50 right-wing Tories and the DUP. That’s why we must have a people’s vote.  
They call it a 'potent cautionary tale for a Brexit/Trump world' by the third paragraph. Do I even need to say more?  
Monday was day 123 parliament has sat since the general election.Not a single piece of Brexit legislation is yet law.There are only 80 more sitting days before MPs are expected to vote on the final Brexit deal.Half the Brexit legislation hasn't even been looked at.#r4today 
The Windrush debacle suggests a Britain that’s more interested in deporting and destabilising foreigners than going global. My Spectator cover story on the wrong Brexit:  
The gravity of yesterday's  House of Lords government defeat was reported on #r4today and how if Conservative MPs also rebel then the Brexit project is in peril.Now, that is news.#StopBrexit 
Remainers: 'The EU is just as democratic as UK! Look at the House of Lords!'Well, quite.Two wrongs do not make a right.They make our point for us.Viva Brexit! 
Theresa May suffers a Brexit defeat that could eventually push Britain to keep closer ties with the EU  
LORD ADONIS-Crushing Government defeat on Customs Union in Lords may be the beginning of the end of Brexit. Will probably be upheld in the Commons next month, with Tory rebels. Then we move on to Single Market & People’s Vote on the final Brexit deal #stopbrexit 
Morning! Cameron claims he doesn’t regret the EU referendum. The one that broke Britain, humiliated him and ended his Premiership. Oh yeah. Discussing on @GMB 
EU does not have a trade deal with ANY of the major economic powers in the world.The dead hand of the EU has held the UK back for 45 years.Thank goodness we soon be FREE to make our own trade deals.The UK economy will BOOM after #Brexit.  
Boris Johnson: Brexit is not about migration, it's about who calls the shots  
Trade deals if Brexit happens will be significantly worse than those we have as EU members and take a long time to agree. MEPs’ letter to Liam Fox outlines some of the issues @Labour4EU @labour4europe 
Wednesday briefing: Brexit coming at 'too high a price'  
Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords #EUwithdrawalbill 
.@joannaccherry; Tory Govt wants to use the courts to overrule Scottish Parliament’s #EU #Continuity Bill because the @ScotTories couldn’t defeat it by democratic means. And they told us we had the most powerful devolved parliament in the world. #Brexit 
The first formal meeting between the U.K. and the EU on their post-Brexit relationship ended Wednesday with little serious progress  
ATTENTION REMAINERS ☡☡☡Ignore the misleading headlines about what's happened in the Lords. There's been no decisive vote against a hard Brexit. We'd need proposed legislation (from Labour) for that. But there HAS been a major flexing of muscles.#FBPE 
DavidCameron deserves enormous credit for delivering on his Referendum pledge. It was gutsy & the right thing to do for the country. It was made necessary by the British people understanding & rejecting our loss of sovereignty in the EU - thank God  
Huge CONGRATS to students at @BarnardCollege! 2-1 referendum vote in favor of college divesting from 8 multinational companies complicit in Israel’s occupation, colonialism & apartheid. #BDS #rightsideofhistory 
At his meeting with his British counterpart Theresa May, Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi pledged that there would be no dilution in the importance of the U.K. to India post-Brexit  
It's important to campaign for the release of the Catalan prisoners and human rights. But one mustn't lose sight of the ultimate objective: independence, or a path towards a binding referendum. 
Now you see this is where you are wrong#EUsupergirl will not die with #BrexitBrexit will be the death of the UK NOT the EU The #EU will continue its good work and I will do everything I can to support and promote it's values of Peace, Tolerance and Unity @JusticeLeagueEU 
brexit has just seceded from the USA. We have to stop them 
The midterms are shaping us as a referendum on the most unpopular president in recent history.  
Great to be back in @NotreDame with Ambassador@DanMulhall & Ambassador @AmbOMalley for a fascinating exchange on Brexit  
Are John Oliver's teeth trying to Brexit? 
Michael Bloomberg: Brexit is stupidest thing any country has done besides Trump  
British PM May dealt embarrassing Brexit defeat in parliament's upper house  
Yes to #PeoplesVote - let's just be clear, we mean a people's vote on Brexit *with an option to remain*. @OFOCBrexit @InFactsOrg @Scientists4EU @LeedsEurope @Devon4Europe @FFSake_ @SirPatStew @BremainInSpain @acgrayling @campbellclaret @LaylaMoran @CarolineLucas @Bristol4Europe 
Brexit: a psychic epidemic - the ennobled cretins yesterday obsessed about a customs union, mentioning it 125 times. The obsession has the hallmarks of mental illness – a psychic epidemic. Their lordships are not well...  #Brexinfo. 
This African EUmyth was started by @DanielJHannan & promoted by @JamesCleverly to convince some Commonwealth UK voters re Brexit. It's completely wrong as EU CAP export subsidies abolished years ago & African countries all have EBA or EPAs with the EU for tariff free Agri access 
Boris Johnson: "Brexit is not about limiting migration."Also Boris Johnson: "Brexit is about limiting migration."#FBPE 
They are both #brexit related events. The rising time of racism & attempts to deport as many people as can be got away with are absolutely issues related directly to #brexit & that referendum. #Stopbrexit #Windrush 
Brexit isn't working.#FBPE #ABTV #waton #ExitFromBrexit Thanks to @MollyMEP for sharing these. 
Brexit is bad for our NHS. Borrowed this from. @MollyMEP .... Respect.#FBPE #waton #ABTVtoStopBrexit 
How Sally Kohn’s “The Opposite of Hate” became a referendum on white privilege  
2/ won't change that - the EU is already doing trade deals with emerging & developing markets & will continue to do so - deals Liam Fox can only dream about & deals which the UK could continue to benefit from - so the point of brexit is? 
VG by @StephenFarryMLA of @libdems sister party @allianceparty:‘N Ireland only works on the basis of sharing & interdependence. Yet Brexit, in particular a hard Brexit, entails new division, barriers and friction.’Hope MPs accept Lords customs union am  
BIAFRA : THE BEST YOU CAN OFFER THIS GENERATION IS TO SUPPORT BIAFRA REFERENDUM  
Nigel Farage: two of my children have German passports ... Just in case brexit fails. He deceived you.  
We have decided as @CommonsHomeAffs today to urgently haul in Home Secretary and @ukhomeoffice officials over #Windrush scandal. I think we also need wide inquiry into “hostile environment” and chaos at Home Office - which hardly bodes well for #Brexit registration process... 
Referendum has given him place in history as man who rescued us from  clutches of Brussels even though he never intended it  
Wear more clothes than you own. Borrow a box of fashion to wear all month long. Plans start at $79/month. Introducing the new way to shop. 
The European Union might integrate more smoothly after Brexit, once it no longer has a “permanently reluctant member in the room”, the former European Commission secretary general Catherine Day has said. 
Remain & leave could not have repeated enough that #Brexit = leaving single market & making own trade deals outside CUGovt pamphlet said if leave, we’d negotiate new deals not as Customs bloc, but as Sovereign State#ExitFromBrexit #EUWithdrawalBill 
Article by myself & @StephenFarryMLA on threat to Good Friday Agreement by Brexit. This is not a manufactured crisis- it's serious.We must advocate strongly to protect Agreement @GuitarMoog @BrexitLawNI @antsoares67 @euromove @carriehyndsLD @OwenSmith_MP  
The EU has issued a new warning that a transitional deal after Brexit will not be secured unless the problem of the Irish border is resolved.“Without a solution, there will be no withdrawal agreement and no transition” 
BREAKING: The student body at Barnard College just passed a referendum today calling on the college to divest from 8 multinational corporations that profit from Israel’s occupation.  
"Sovereign parliament" was the battle cry of leave.The House of Lords is part of parliament.For those complaining, this is how a democratic sovereign parliament works.Fun isn't it.#fbpe #StopBrexit #brexit 
David Cameron says he doesn't regret EU referendum 
Too high a price?The cost of Brexit – What the people think now One of the surveys — what people who voted for Brexit think now   
Brexit is the greatest challenge of our time. It will make UK poorer and rob millions of Britons of rights and opportunities. Brexit will impact negatively on NHS and more jobs will be lost. Brexit is already destroying lives. No Labour-run council can ever mitigate against that.  
The UK will be £615m a week worse off under May's ideal Brexit scenario  
Windrush...Grenfell...Brexit....Foodbanks...NHS. .Zero hour contracts... 120,000 Children in Temporary accomodation....Free meals taken off struggling Families....Are you really voting Tory on May 3 ??..  
Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords! Petition past the 10,000 mark get everyone you know and there granny to sign this!  
Trudeau wants Canada-UK trade deal to "flip over" the day after Brexit  via @CityAM 
Brexit: Ministers suffer first defeat on EU Withdrawal Bill  
Judge orders Spanish minister to explain basis for comments no public money spent on referendum. By @GemmaLinan to @Elnacionalcaten 
#skypapers Kevin rolling eyes  Maguire on talk his usual nonsense again. Brexit bashing & I hate Donald Trump guaranteed. Defending Jeremy Corbyn non stop the biggest hypocrite ever. Loves EU hates EU changes his mind every minute. Only Owen Jones worse than Kevin Maguire.  
Here’s Liz, she voted leave but now she is more informed, she’s a #Remainernow. Here she is informing fellow #Remainernow Sydney that she is not alone in changing her mind on brexit. @lizallen16 for saying you changed your mind. Why not write to your MP & ask for #peoplesvote?  
What does the Windrush generation controversy tell us about the Home Office’s readiness for Brexit? @xtophercook reports #newsnight 
Brexit Ultimatum: Ireland Threatens UK Over Border Issue  
#ABTV Anti-Brexit Tactical Voting is a chance to send a message on 3 May. Use #ABTV to encourage our fellows in the battle against Brexit to vote tactically for committed Remain parties only. Give Cons & Corbyn - the unholy Brexit alliance - a message: #ABTV. 
Former PM David Cameron says he does not regret the Brexit referendum  
.@BBCRadio4 discussing trade with #CommonwealthOf course there will be LOADS of opportunities for trade after #Brexit (Despite the fact it isn't a trading or political bloc)I'm sure that 0.2% we export 18357 miles to NZ will make up for 43% we export to our #EU neighbours 
Good to talk to @LBC about the Lords’ defeat of the government on Brexit. It meant I missed the brief @BBCNews report. Was it the ‘and finally’ slot? 
Brexit U-TURN: Bill Gates says that UK will be at the 'FOREFRONT' of science after EU exit  
So the lords vote in favour of avoiding hard brexit 348 to 225 , so translated that means 348 unelected people with friends the likes of Blair have decided to go against the will of 17.4 million people , we really have to get rid of the so called lords . 
Twenty minutes into the main @BBCNews bulletin and not a word on a major Lords defeat of the government on Brexit. This is like Soviet news during the Cold War now. If it is bad for Brexit it is not on the Beeb. 
This is good. But the aim must be to Stop Brexit.  
Don’t let anyone tell you that the fight for Britain’s future is over or isn’t worth having - scream at me all you want but this isn’t about the referendum, this is about what happens next and whether the best we can get for Britain. Public need the final say on the deal next …  
I disagree with Kenny MacAskill, Nicola Sturgeon was right to set Scotland on course for a mandated referendum in the event of Brexit - the timing of which will be decided this autumn. Given Brexit and threat of no deal from an EU state yesterday we have to be ready to go!! 
Forget "Brexit means Brexit".Wouldn't you rather hold the Brexit deal in your hands, and see line-by-line EXACTLY what Brexit means. Wouldn't you rather let the people see the future they're signing into. Wouldn't that be the most democratic thing possible?#PeoplesVote 
Remainer strategy set out v clearly here. 1) Press via parliament for membership of Customs Union2) Point out that this is worse than full EU membership3) By that means generate public pressure to overthrow referendum result#nothanks 
Dear Brexit supporters,The deal the government is negotiating now, will affect UK wealth, UK sovereignty and UK society. Nobody in 2016 knew what the deal would be.Are you OK with ANY deal, no matter how it affects the Country? Do you love the idea of Brexit more?#PeoplesVote 
The @BBCNews leads on same humiliating @theresa_may apology as yesterday rather than today’s humiliating defeat on Brexit in the Lords. Not even in the headlines. Windrush major stort but on Brexit BBC is becoming a disgrace and a joke 
Council elections could be a last chance to halt Brexit  
Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  
Theresa promised a "fairer society" yet the tax loopholes are still there, the offshore accounts are still bulging and expense fraud is still rife.  The rich line their pockets and the poor queue at foodbanks, while the press brainwash you with their fantasy Brexit Utopia. 
Who would have thought, way back then in 2014 that a couple of years later you would have facilitated Brexit which has seen a dangerous rise in racism and xenophobia leading to displacement of the Windrush generation Mr Corbyn @jeremycorbyn 
Are you a healthcare worker interested in the #savethe8th & #loveboth or #repealthe8th referendum? Why not come along to #8th Amendment & Medical Care Conference on 21 April 18 from 9.30am-5pm & listen to medical & legal experts discussing the 8th. @loveboth8 @Savethe8thInfo #CPD 
This is remarkable, the Supreme Court says that if more police had been deployed on referendum day, there could have been a massacre. What does that say about the discipline of the police drafted in to stop the vote? #Catalonia 
Only Brexit could inspire this cynical, lost empire vision of Commonwealth  
Healthy enamel is the foundation for whiter, brighter teeth. So watch out for the acids in sparkling water, and use Pronamel Strong & Bright toothpaste to keep teeth looking and feeling their best. @PopSugar 
I have signed this petition. If you haven't then please do and retweet : Declare the 2016 referendum vote null and void due to foreign interference  
Not true @KateHoeyMP - @LGANews (of which @cllrpeck is a vice chair) has a seat at the table for the negotiations.  Currently arguing for replacement of the £8.4bn in EU structural funds lost as a result of Brexit that 75% of your constituents opposed:  
"Whilst 17.4 million people voted to leave the EU, a handful of unelected Lords are presumptuous enough to believe they can overturn the result and keep us under EU control" - Gisela Stuart, Change Britain chair. Time to get rid of them?#Brexit  
It's been a bad day for #brexit & an awful week for the Tories. Let's keep up the pressure. #LocalElections2018 
You can also send @jeremycorbyn and @UKLabour a message on Thursday 3rd May: "You won't get to pretend I voted for your Hard Brexit. Not this time. Not again."  
Former PM David Cameron says he does not regret the Brexit referendum  
Ruth Hides from Questions on Windrush, Brexit, Taking the Scottish Government to Court, And in great fear of Cambridge Analytica and how they helped her tamper with Postal Voting!  
We’ve had a referendum on the EU and now we need a referendum on the Lords so that the democrats among us can say, ‘Abolish this perverse and archaic institution’. - Brendan O’Neill  
Profoundly depressing days in British life.We mark 50th anniversary of *that* Enoch Powell speech with nauseating State mistreatment of British citizens of W Indian origin, & hearing vile stories of anti-semitism unleashed on MPs & families.And no, Brexit won’t fix this. 
I'm always amazed at the time and effort people put in to debating the rights and wrongs of the Independence Referendum. The NATs peddled fantasy, Unionist politicians went in to a flat spin over one poll. The people saved the day, End of. 
Embassy Deputy Head of Mission Michael Lonergan is looking forward to this afternoon’s panel @GUGlobalIrish @Georgetown ‘From the #GFA to #Brexit and Beyond: Discerning the Future’ moderated by @suzannelynch1 
Nigel Farage Brands House Of Lords A “Disgrace” After Brexit Vote - LBC @LBC 
Former PM David Cameron says he doesn't regret holding Brexit vote, but wishes the outcome had been different  
Definitely watch the highlight clips being assembled by @brexit_sham in this thread on Vickery’s testimony to Canadian Parliament on the forensic evidence that #CambridgeAnalytica, SCL Group and AggregateIQ had an extremely porous relationship regarding codebase and data flows. 
So the Lords table amendment to force ministers to say what Govt is doing to keep Britain in EU customs union. Answer: Nothing. It's not Govt policy to stay in EU customs union. It's not #Brexit to be in EU customs union. #LeaveCustomsUnion 
The House of Lords has stated that they are not going to be pushed around by the 'people of this country & will continue to attempt to derail brexit. As with all globalists they think we should wait on them hand & foot. Please petition for their removal.  
"We are in danger of inadvertently disenfranchising millions of citizens as a result of Brexit"  
PLEASE SIGN> Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  
If the UK decides to stay in the EU Customs Union post-Brexit it will be signalling to the rest of the world that it has no interest in new geopolitical partners or in diversifying its trading relationships. They'll say "Fine" & the world will move on without us.  
This evening 348 unelected Peers have voted to support unelected EU bureaucrats, defying the democratic wishes of 17.4 million people. The House of Lords has become an uneven monolith deciding the future of Brexit. Time to abolish. 
Brexit transition is a no go without the Irish border answer, EU says  
British PM May dealt embarrassing Brexit defeat in parliament's upper house  
The best Brexit is the one where we pretend it happens for those that care. Give them blue passports which restrict their FOM and remove sickness cover abroad. Issue them driving licences for the UK only. Tell them we are free and issue a sodding Brexit stamp. Job done. 
Easy solution: The EU are not going to accept a half in half out Brexit regardless of what way the Lords vote. The Lords gets closed down for good. We walk away with a no Brexit deal & we save money on both paying the Lords their extortionate fees & the Brexit bill. Simples  
#Peers have defeated the government on the issue of staying in a UK-EU customs union after Brexit.Obviously these unelected geriatrics from another era know better than the rest of us!  
1980 - Ireland legalises condoms 1995 - Ireland legalises divorce 2015 - Ireland legalises gay marriage 2018 - Repeal referendum  
ICYMI Wetherspoon Social Media Exit BUSTED: it's about customer data being used in #Brexit campaign - WITHOUT THEIR KNOWLEDGE  
Nigel Farage's kids are protected from Brexit because they'll remain European citizens.My kids and yours don't have that choice. 
This is the OFFICIAL REFERENDUM to get rid of the unelected, unaccountable House of Lords!#EUWithdrawalBill How do you vote? 
Cameron tells @camanpour Brexit is a mistake, not a disaster. No, Brexit is an unmitigated disaster. A ref can be called if there is a proposed increase of EU power & then about that increase. A sane gov't does not ask the ppl to unwittingly choose to make UK gratuitously poorer. 
It’s clear from all polling that the will of the people has changed,now the damage from Brexit is obvious the Lords are just doing the job they are appointed to do.  
To all Brexiteers: you've been fucking lied to from day one. The House of Lords is unelected in order to not be influenced in anyway and to impartially PROTECT YOU. They're doing their job. Be thankful. #Brexit #HouseofLords #thankyou 
For the last time: We don't want to sacrifice trade with the parts of the World that are actually growing to remain shackled to the dwindling Little Europeans Club. Ignore the unelected and respect democracy.#Brexit #BrexitLordsBetrayal#LordsofBrexit 
UK confirms post-Brexit passport deal with GemaltoUK Government sells us out yet again...£260M order goes to France!And people ask me why I am leaving the country  
Given what the referendum has already done to politics in Britain (never mind the economic cost which has hardly started) I think this could be the worst PM since Chamberlain. A stupid in/out question he had to ask because he couldn’t lead his own horrible party. Screw you, Dave.  
Tony Gachoka: I am for the referendum. I would like to see a Prime Minister #JKLive 
Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords      
BREXIT BRITAIN: Workers to be £1,733 a year worse off by 2021 due to economic double whammy and /#Brexit #Austerity 
The House of Lords have backed a motion for an EU Customs Union by 348 to 225. This would mean the UK unable to negotiate global trade deals, a total insult after the British people voted for a full #Brexit. 
Conquer every drive with the bold performance of the All-New BMW #X5. 
Would you believe it? It might be the Lords who ultimately save us from the racist-inspired #Brexit. Like midges they may have a purpose. 
.@Nigel_Farage on the House of Lords: “The whole place is a complete and utter disgrace and the sooner we replace it with an elected Senate the better!” #Brexit  
Time to abolish the unelected House of Lords who constantly try to frustrate the referendum result of 2016 #Brexit #AbolishTheLords #EUWithdrawalBill  
David Cameron on Brexit: The single currency meant too many EU decisions were starting to be made “about us, without us” and we were too often a “reluctant and sometimes unhappy tenant”  
The EU has issued a fresh warning that a transitional deal after Brexit will not be secured unless the problem of the Irish border is resolved.  
Funny I don’t recall the bit in the £9 million leaflet that said:The unelected House of Lords can & will override your decision, if they don’t like it..#AbolishTheLords#EUWithdrawalBill #CustomsUnion #Brexit  
There is no doubt that the #Windrush scandal is intrinsically and unequivocally related to the underlying ideology that helped drive the #Brexit vote. 
Thirty years ago we did have terrible racism.Then things improved very significantly.But now - and exacerbated by #Brexit - we are back to terrible, disgraceful, heartbreaking, life-destroying racism.  #c4news 
The abolition of our unelected House of Lords should have been just as much of a priority as the #EU Withdrawal Bill itself. Voting for #Brexit was a vote to leave ALL of the EU. Keeping us in a Customs Union is contrary to our country’s democratic instruction to the government. 
#Brexit supporters suffered a significant legal defeat in the House of Lords. Here's why that's a problem.@Nigel_Farage 
Recap.Leave used nazi tactics, data theft, propaganda  & electoral fraud so the ref result has no legitamcy.There is no Brexit which economically benefits UKThere was a hung HoC in GE17 so there is no mandate. The maj of HoC & the people do not want Brexit. #StopBrexit 
I would gently remind @LambethLabour that Lambeth Cllrs  have no influence on the Brexit negotiations. Better to allow ballots on Estate demolitions and concentrate on getting better value for tenants and leaseholders for their service charges and oppose cuts #local matters 
This is the way out of this sorry mess.@Andrew_Adonis sees it. Dominic Grieve too I think.Today could prove to be tactically important. Not because of the Customs Union, but for what it means for Brexit overall.9/9 
Former British PM David Cameron says he doesn't regret calling a referendum on the UK's membership of the European Union -- but wishes the result had gone the other way  
We all benefit from the vital protection of EU equality and anti-discrimination law – we can’t let Tory #Brexit diminish it. @LibDemLords are calling for current rights to be enshrined in UK law #EUWithdrawalBill #FBPE 
Another big defeat on Brexit in the Lords on Henry VIII powers to bypass Parliament. 314 - 217. Majority against Mrs May 97.  That’s 2 out of 2 today. More next Monday. 
House of Lords just voted to keep the UK in the EU customs union 348-225 & effectively overrule the Brexit vote.disgusting, we must abolish the House of Lords.corrupt EU puppets who scrounge off taxpayers & have no respect for democracy.will now go back to the House of Commons  
Or maybe how the island-wide referendum that led the way for Puerto Rico to become a commonwealth didn't include the option to become a state of the union or an independent nation?  
House of Lords traitors put their EU pensions above their country & don’t even have to declare it..#EUWithdrawalBill#AbolishTheLords #Brexit #CustomsUnion 
Breaking: House of Lords back second amendment 314/217 in EU Withdrawal bill that binds government to bring in added environmental protections and workers rights after Brexit 
Another crushing Govt defeat in Lords - by 314 to 217 votes - on requirement that existing social protection be maintained after Brexit. Guards against Liam Fox, Nigel Lawson et al who have boasted they want another dose of Thatcherite deregulation if we leave EU 
BREAKING: Govt defeated 314-217 (Oppn. Majority 97) on cross-party amendt (11) to #EUWithdrawalBill - ensuring 'retained EU law' re: #employmentrights #equalityprotections #environmentalstandards is only amendable/revokable post-#Brexit via primary legislation 
A Tory government defeat in the #EUWithdrawalBill! An amendment passed with @LibDemLords votes to ensure that equality, employment and health rights; & environmental and consumer standards are maintained in UK law after Brexit. #FBPE #ExitFromBrexit 
Liam Fox has underestimated difficulty of getting British farmers a good Brexit trade deal, MEPs warn  
Today in the #EUWithdrawalBill @LibDemLords are voting to protect equality, employment and health rights, and environmental and consumer standards so that these cannot be weakened by Tory #Brexit. #FBPE #ExitFromBrexit 
The House of Lords have given the Commons a great opportunity to have a proper and full debate on the impact of leaving the #CustomsUnion and to put a break on Theresa May’s plans for a hard and destructive #Brexit. 
House of Lords have voted to reject the EU Withdrawal Bill - they've recognised that the minimum requirement to lessen negative Brexit impacts is a Customs Union arrangement. The Tories must step back from the brink... Total #BrexitShambles - best for all would be to #StopBrexit 
British PM May dealt embarrassing Brexit defeat in parliament's upper house  
One year on from THAT ghastly #DailyMail headline, the fightback to reclaim British democracy, decency & dynamism begins in earnest with a CRUSHING defeat of this Govt's insane, self-harming #Brexit policy.THANK YOU to all Peers who voted to keep UK in the #CustomsUnion  
Anti-Brexit events are taking place this week in London, Berkshire, Sevenoakes, Holbeach, Hereford, and Wilmslow. Spread the word!  
Why is the Lords so keen to stay in an EU Customs Union on #Brexit? Trade deals with fast growing non-EU coutnries are the way for the future.  
Britain’s upper house of parliament inflicts an embarrassing #Brexit defeat on Theresa May’s government  
Excellent news and an entirely sane and rational approach for those who think we should proceed with Brexit  
Brexiteers are angry that the House of Lords have a say in Brexit.After they voted to give the House of Lords more power by voting for Brexit.#EUWithdrawalBill#SummerIsHere 
UK Prime Minister Theresa May loses #Brexit legislation vote in upper parliamentary House  
Brexit bill: government suffers Lords defeat on leaving customs union  
Once again it takes a Tory to nail the madness of Brexit. This time Chris Patten. With the honourable exceptions of Andrew Adonis, Chuka Umunna and David Lammy, Labour are failing the country on the most important issue our country has faced since 1945. 
#bbcqt Usual panel 4 voted remain EU, Iain Dale voted leave EU unbelievable. Emily I hate white van men Thornberry on. Dinosaur Cable & Truss. And as ever guardian journalist. All the same all hate Brexit & Donald Trump. All behind you Iain Dale, against them 4 clowns. Good luck.  
The UK's House of Lords has defeated the government in a key Brexit vote, demanding that ministers take steps to negotiate a new customs union with the EU  
First defeat for #Brexit bill. Peers vote for amendment to stay in the Customs Union. A vote for common sense. Could this be the first hole in the dam? 
10. But there's an optimistic scenario. Like somebody who loses their virginity and discovers the pleasures of sex, Parliament may be getting a taste for rebellion over Brexit. 
Lords inflict first defeat on Government over key Brexit legislation 
10 Conservative MPs have so far signed amendments to the Trade Bill on the customs union with similar amendments planned to other bills. After her defeat this evening Theresa May simply doesn't have the numbers for a hard Brexit.  
No, in voting to stay in a customs union after Brexit the Lords haven’t “inflicted a defeat on the government” — they’ve inflicted a defeat on democracy and the 17.4million people who voted to leave the EU. Unelected Lords defying the public is an archaic outrage #AbolishtheLords 
Best Brexit analysis I’ve read in a while, from @stephenkb 
8. Only way to avoid Irish border, protect services and stay a rule-maker is to cancel Brexit. Best way to get that is via #PeoplesVote on Brexit deal. 
Not exactly the sunlit uplands our Brexiteer friends promised hey!! Each Brexit scenario will leave Britain worse off, study finds  
Ex-New Zealand PM @HelenClarkNZ on the UK after Brexit: “Britain is a great nation and there are a lot of transition issues but at the end of it, it's still going to be a major economy, a major country, a major world power” (@IainDale) 
Just a reminder to @UKHouseofLords the British public was promised that our #Brexit vote would be finalRemaining in a Customs Union is not Brexit#BrexitLordsBetrayal #LordsOfBrexit #EUWithdrawalBill 
May suffers big defeat in Lords as peers back forcing minister to explore Brexit customs union option - Politics live  
Petition: Give the electorate a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords  
The day of the #brexit referendum my beautiful daughter asked me what it meant and if we would have to leave the country. I reassured her and told her no. #Windrush is the cruel and shameful proof we never needed to see. What is happening to this amazing country? 
House of Lords voted against a key part of PM Theresa May’s Brexit policy  
Brexit: Ministers suffer first defeat on EU Withdrawal Bill. Unelected Lords betraying the People’s Referendum. We voted to Leave Single Market & Customs Union, anything else is Not Leaving!  
Spanish treasury minister said referendum was not publicly funded; judge wants proof. But the judge was not interested in proofs when he put people in preventive prison and demanded extraditions. #FreeCatalanPoliticalPrisoners 
Crushing Government defeat on Customs Union in Lords may be the beginning of the end of Brexit. Will probably be upheld in the Commons next month, with Tory rebels. Then we move on to Single Market & People’s Vote on the final Brexit deal #stopbrexit 
Massive defeat for the Government on the Customs Union in the House of Lords, where the Brexit lies have been cruelly exposed. But it’s not enough for Peers to hear the truth and then get a chance to vote - The People need a vote on the final deal too! #PeoplesVote 
The British people voted for Brexit. That included leaving the Customs Union so that the UK can negotiate global trade deals.But the House of Lords don’t give a damn. Abolish it!  
The unelected House of Lords are defying the will of the people. Let's have a referendum on the abolition of the House of Lords. Please sign.  
.@TiceRichard: “It is disappointing, but unsurprising, that unelected members of the House of Lords have continued in their quest to delay, dilute and disrupt Brexit, with damaging measures that affect the poorest in the UK most of all" 1/4 
I don't think this Brexit thing is going terribly well. 
I played the post-Brexit versions of Football Manager for 30 years. Here's what I learnt:   
Government suffers first defeat on key Brexit legislation in Lords  
Enough is enough. This disgraceful vote by unelected peers to sabotage Brexit must lead to the Lords being stripped of their power to vote.  
So exactly a year since May warned she was calling a snap election to crush peers who tried to sabotage her Brexit plans..peers inflict a massive defeat on her Brexit plans.  
May suffers big defeat in Lords as peers back forcing minister to explore Brexit customs union option  -  
.@UKHouseofLords have just voted for #CustomsUnion Amendment to force UK to stay in Customs Union & block us from signing new trade deals post #Brexit... It’s worth remembering how many Lords are in receipt of EU pensions & therefore cannot criticise EU#BrexitLordsBetrayal 
Members of the House of Lords have voted 348-225 in favour of keeping the UK in a customs union after Brexit. 
Lords inflicts major defeat on Theresa May over Brexit. Govt loses by 348 votes to 225. Huge majority.  
BREAKING: Government heavily defeated as House of Lords votes 348-225 in favour of remaining in a customs union with the EU after Brexit. 
No violence, no rebellion. No misuse of public funds, no embezzlement.Now judge Llarena orders Spanish Finance Minister to explain why he thinks no public money was used for the referendum. Can't they see that they've lost? World knows it.#FreeCatalanPoliticalPrisoners 
A little acknowledgement of the rapid, effective & well-documented anti-Brexit tactical vote surge would not go amiss here, Mr Corbyn. You owe those folk a lot.  
The 49th of our #EUsuperheroes is @CharlesTannock “Conservative MEP, staunch defender of the EU, consistently knowledgeable and reasoned in his opposition to Brexit.”Check out our #StopBrexit superheroes and nominate your own: 
"The government has been clear, that the UK, in it's entirety, is leaving the customs union." @LordCallanan #Brexit #LordsofBrexit 
EU citizens deserve whole truth on Cambridge Analytica's alleged role in Brexit ref, member state electoral campaigns-especially in view of 2019 European elections. Parliament’s political groups gave me mandate to renew our call for Mr Zuckerberg to appear before us in person. 
Lord Callanan, the Brexit minister, asserting farcically that current EU Customs Union is less good than ‘the new & ambitious customs arrangement’ that David David is negotiating. Pure waffle 
The UK will be £615m a week worse off under Theresa May's ideal Brexit scenario  
A really important piece in @prospect_uk this month about why Brexit really means a reduction in our rights’ protection & enforcement.I’m delighted to write alongside Vernon Bogdanor’s excellent piece on what Brexit means for our equality rights. Stop sleepwalking, Britain.  
WATCH: @dinesh_dhamija is right to say that we cannot rely on the <10% of trade we do with Commonwealth countries after Brexit, when 65% of Britain's trade is with the EU & with countries the EU has trade agreements with. Please RT:  
Which makes you wonder why, in early October 2016, Theresa May was still denying the referendum mandated either.  
Ma'am @RehamKhan1 joins the protest to show solidarity with Kashmiris Kashmiris are protesting in London against Indian PM Modi’s visit. They are demanding free & fair referendum in Indian occupied Kashmir #ModiNotWelcome 
 Parliament is suffering from Brexit legislation constipation... ...it’s surely time to start asking for an Article 50 extension.  
Viscount Ridley: This amendment is an attempt to wreck this Bill and prevent Brexit. Watch the whole clip here →  
In @Europarl_EN today I welcomed @eucopresident statement of support: no solution on Irish border means no withdrawal agreement and no transition. Issue is important to my constituents – I invited colleagues to visit to see for themselves. #Brexit  
Back from Warsaw, where I was struck by similarities with The Hague. Both worry about Brexit making FRA/GER too preponderant, but feel GER understands them better than FRA. Brexit matters more for Dutch - who fear economic cost - than for Poles, who worry about security. @CER_EU 
EU citizens plead: Don't treat our children like #Windrush victims:These were people promised that their rights would last a lifetime. A year before Brexit there's still no certainty about EU citizens’ eligibility & criteria to apply for their new status  
New polling: Leavers & public at large reject every Brexit deal modelled by govt as too high a price to leave the EU by enormous majorities  
Today in the #EUWithdrawalBill @LibDemLords are voting to protect equality, employment and health rights and environmental and consumer standards so that these cannot be weakened by Tory #Brexit. #FBPE #ExitFromBrexit 
Like and Retweet If you would buy this man a drink 
Here's more info on the Spanish Minister insisting that no Catalan government funds were used for the referendum (thus undermining, nay, destroying the Spanish judge's case)  
Here is the Spanish judge's decree demanding that the SPANISH Finance minister, who had taken control of Catalonia's finances in September, explain his insistance that no Catalan govt funds were used for the referendum, thus contradicting judge's claim of misuse of public funds.  
1. Brexit is our decision, you deal with it, Tusk 2. The Irish border is YOUR problem, not ours, deal with it or no deal. And no cash  
I'm going to make an early bet: that #Greece will be to this election what the #Netherlands was to the referendum. Fasten your seatbelts in Athens. It could be a stormy ride. 
That moment when you get caught out on a little fib ... #Brexit #LeaveEU 
Tory UK Government wants to use the courts to overrule the Scottish Parliament’s #EU #Continuity Bill because the @ScotTories couldn’t defeat it by democratic means. And they told us we had the most powerful devolved parliament in the world. #Brexit  
The 10 things that will now shape BrexitBy me, at @FT (And number ten will sadden you.) 
As peers begin debating whether to make the Government seek membership of a customs union, its worth re-reading @isaby’s explanation of why the referendum result was a mandate for leaving the EU’s customs union #EUWithdrawalBill 
"Brexit. Let's give them Brexit. Good and Hard."  
Announcing the TripleLift Native Awards: See the winners of the best #nativead campaigns of 2018!  
“Let’s have a look at what you could have won: it’s trade deals with Japan and Singapore! Never mind, Britain, that’s the gamble. But no one goes home empty handed - here’s your smashing blue Brexit passport and a delusion of sovereignty.Give’em a round of applause”  
Treasury minister Montoro said independence referendum was not publicly funded. Judge prosecuting Catalan leaders wants proof . 
“The day after Brexit… we’ll work on making sure we’re taking full advantage of the particular bilateral relationship between the UK and Canada in a process that will most likely not take that long,” says Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau  
As with so much, parallels with Brexit  everywhere. Windrush & Irish border both stem from a Britain in total crisis about what it is, wants to be & feels it was, determined to open & close itself at same time & reclaim a misremembered legacy no matter how many lives it destroys 
Ministers to announce Brexit climbdown as they face Lords defeat  
Women will be hit hardest by #Brexit - watch my video here:  
Nobody voted #Leave for these costs- Norway Model costs £262m per week- May's bespoke #brexit Model costs £615m per week- Canada Model costs £877m per week- No Deal costs £1250m per week#StopBrexitAndSave5MPeoplesRights#StopBrexitSaveBritain#ABTVtoStopBrexit#fbpe #waton pic.twitter.com/k9yZum3OBG 
"We're very happy with trade with Britain".Canada's PM @JustinTrudeau says he wants a 'seamless' trade deal with the UK that would "flip over the day after #Brexit" 
No Brexit transition deal without solution to border issue, Donald Tusk warns via @irish_news Syria & Windrush are using up a lot of oxygen at the moment, but this issue is not going away & the clock is still ticking. 
Judge Llarena uses "evidence" obtained in a secret summary to accuse @KRLS of missuse of public funds.Finance Minister Montoro denies any public money was used for the referendum.Judge Llarena asks Montoro to explain himself.Wow. Just wow.  
#LordsQs @PTylerLords argues that any complacency from the Govt. around the alleged misuse of personal data during the EU Referendum campaign gives added voice to the demand for the public to have a free and fair vote at the end of the #Brexit process  
I'm so ashamed of what has become of the UK since the narrow vote for Brexit. Theresa May as Home Secretary & now as PM has encouraged this hateful, hostile, anti-immigrant environment , thereby encouraging racism. #NotInMyName 
Just to be absolutely clear, I do not respect the referendum result and don’t believe you should either. I am openly and shamelessly campaigning to #StopBrexit by whatever means be that a #peoplesvote @ #FairVote or MPs meaningful vote having an #optiontoremain 
The people telling you we'd have a more selective immigration system post Brexit, are the same people telling you Brexit won't make it harder for those from disadvantaged backgrounds to seek better opportunities abroad.Free movement cuts both ways!! 
Brexit Britain this Week● Spanish Woman dragged off Underground for Speaking Spanish ●Polish Man beaten by gang of 20 in Hull●Enoch Powell speech broadcast by .@BBCNews ●BBC Broadcast Interview with Far Right Nowegian Party●Theresa May forced apology for #Windrush 
The vote will be the first since a referendum last year transformed Turkey's parliamentary democracy into a powerful executive presidency and handed President Erdogan sweeping new powers  
The EU is all for transparency and process *when it suits them* (ie, Brexit).But it is not a fundamental general principle of EU.And that is partly why I am not fan of EU institutions and am neutral about Brexit in principle, if critical of the way UK is doing it in practice. 
People who joined the @LibDems to 'stop Brexit' in 2017 is the next PPI. 
Campaigners in #Shrewsbury demand a #peoplesvote on the #Brexit deal. 
Justin Trudeau wants 'seamless' UK trade deal after Brexit  
Cannot but share this. Judge Llarena demanding minister Montoro to give evidence that something HAS NOT being done (misuse of funds for the Catalan referendum). Catalan accounts intervined in September, referendum happened in October, so Montoro would have to be held responsive.  
PM @narendramodi, @theresa_may hold talks on infusing new energy into post-Brexit bilateral ties  
Not good A new study has revealed that all of Theresa May’s Brexit deals will leave us worse off  
Brexit sends our NHS right to the back of the queue(for new medicines). 
Importance of EU exports exposes Tory claims to be the ‘party of business’ as ridiculous,& that #Brexit threatens trade with our most imp. Intl. partners. EU exports in Feb 18 were £13.7 billion, a 6.3% increase from Feb 17 while non-EU exports decreased by £1bn from Jan. 
This is how you troll irl. My 15 year old is pretty cross about brexit. He had braces fitted today, w/out skipping a beat he asked for yellow and blue bands, so that every time his grandparents make him smile, they are reminded of their vote to stifle his future.  
How Sally Kohn’s “The Opposite of Hate” became a referendum on white privilege  via @MotherJones 
#Brexit is dead. It just doesn't know it yet. Take heart, #bresisters. It's likely to get worse before it gets better, but we need to keep up the fight.  
Turkey to face its 6th elections in less than 5 years •March 2014: Municipality elex•August 2014: Presidential•June 2015: Parliamentary •November 2015: Snap parliamentary•April 2017: Referendum•June 2018: Presidential and parliamentary elex 
Urgent Question on Tories taking the Scottish Parliament to Supreme Court, England because #theSNP introduce a 'Continuity Bill' to protect the people of Scotland from the worst effects of Brexit. EVERY SCOTTISH TORY supports this legal action against the Scottish Parliament  
fn.Link for @jessicaelgot's piece on the domestic Brexit legal logjam is at  
13. A sensible and rational government, acting in public interest, would seek to extend Article 50 period, or have a new agreed Brexit date in the future.Both are legally possible.But we don't do sensible and rational when it comes to Brexit.We do daft and reckless./ends 
#ModiNotWelcome We Sikhs now plan a total Freedom struggle...from Referendum to rebellion... its time !!  
Translation: 'How very dare the Scottish and Welsh governments try to protect their own interests...we're all supposed to go careening off the #Brexit cliff together. Therefore, I think they're incompetent.'  
Without doubt the behaviour by the government will not be dismissed by belated apologies. The world knows the fundamental basis of Brexit is xenophobia and nothing will remove that stain on Britain's history unless we stop it dead.#FBPE #StopBrexit #SaveOurNHS #Deportes 
Here's the problem:In order for EU27 citizens to remain in the UK post Brexit, they need to apply for a new residency status.But as soon as they apply, they put themselves on the home office's radar.From that moment on, their fate is in the hands of the xenophobes.#FBPE 
Charity colouring event for #REPEALTHE8th I'll be colouring pieces for low prices for the upcoming referendum in Ireland on the 25th of May. All profits will go towards the campaign. Read below for some details, but please consider getting a piece done for €50.  
Great article. We need more focus on her terrible record as Home Secretary because Brexit requires 10x more skill which she doesn’t have  
Attorney General arguing his hand was forced by Brexit legislation in Holyrood and Welsh Assembly: "The government hasn't picked a fight with anybody"Ministers in Edinburgh would argue it was their hand that was forced by Clause 11 of Withdrawal Bill. 
Here’s a dirty secret- every election until he’s gone is a referendum on Trump. Now where’s my fat consultant contract? 
Tory Government in yet another shambolic mess over #Brexit and #Wales - now spending taxpayers money to try and defeat laws in Supreme Court that were passed democratically in Wales and Scotland - and were even supported by UKIP!! @Open_Britain @WelshLabour 
Only Brexit could inspire this cynical, lost empire vision of Commonwealth | Peter Beaumont  
With respect, Labour are complicit in #Brexit - potentially the most damaging political event in living memoryThis line doesn't play any more  
Brexit: 'Windrush warning' over right-to-remain process  
So, fascinating story about #Brexit backer Banks, questions over true wealth & unknown investors.Corbyn could raise this, and force it into the light - it's exactly his area and would be a popular moveHe won't though, because it would undermine Brexit 
There are times when Mrs. May's comment that she's not a quitter rings hollow...& all of the time when I wish she were! Pls just...Quit GovtQuit politicsQuit #Brexit#WindrushGenerationBinding #FinalSayForAll with the option to #StopBrexitSaveBritain.#FairVote #ABTV18 
We are at a crunch time in Brexit negotiations. Brexit is not an Orange or Green issue. All who understand the impact of Brexit must stand on a common platform. I will stand with all sectors and progressives as we make our voices heard #designatedspecialstatus @agendani 
WATCH: how our NHS could be destroyed - by Brexit. The NHS will be there for as long as there are people left to fight for it. An agenda of privatisation and cuts. Brexit might just be the nail in the coffin.Our new video here:  
How Brexit will free the mighty to be capricious & weaken the rights of the vulnerable individual. A chilling read by the country’s leading constitutional scholar, Vernon Bogdanor  
I think judge Llarena should also summon Rajoy and ask him why he thinks a referendum didn't take place in Catalonia on 1st October. 
WOW!.... You really don't get it, do you?... The last vote was a protest against the tories & brexit. As you are now effectively, in bed with the tories / kippers & YOU WANT BREXIT... You will not be getting votes again.. Simple.. The vote was NOT FOR you, it was AGAINST brexit. 
WATCH: @NicolaSturgeon says she 'deeply regrets' UK Govt decision to refer the Continuity Bill to Supreme Court.  Asked about talks on the Brexit Powers row, she says they are 'reaching the endgame.'  A matter of days rather than weeks.  
If the Home Office and govt of @theresa_may cannot properly handle 47k Windrush cases, what chance 3m plus EU citizens entitled to live here post Brexit? None. Which is why Brexit shouldn’t happen reason 4,345,278 (random number) 
Is the BBC biased about #brexit? Or is something worse going on? Brilliant piece by @mikegalsworthy, worth a read 
#BREAKING Judge asks Spanish treasury minister to clarify why he said no public money funded the independence referendum  
Foreign firms to keep their rights to fish in UK waters after Brexit  via @MailOnline 
Alyn Smith on how Brexit is taking away one of our greatest tools to tackle this scandal 
This woman was first minister of NI and currently has the ear of the British Prime Minister over NI matters, not least the arrangements around #Brexit. Is it any wonder we are in the mess we are in right now. It’s truly frightening.  
UNCENSORED: Juncker & EU target expansion to Albania and Macedonia, door open to Turkey and Brexit wage rises.  
My piece on BBC & Brexit: How the real bias is towards chairing political soap-opera... and away from communicating the vast evidence-base.The BBC needs to up its game if it wishes to be regarded as a public educator on Brexit. 
Not good A new study has revealed that all of Theresa May’s Brexit deals will leave us worse off  
But pretty silly for an unelected house to suggest that Parliament should ignore a referendum result!!! Some Remainers are still completely out of touch with the majority of the British people. @BrexitCentral 
#Windrush scandal: #Brexit coordinator Guy Verhofstadt links row to EU citizens' fears.The Home Secretary is facing calls to resign over the growing row, amid fears of a similar "nightmare" for EU nationals.  
IMF also predicted doom and gloom for UK immediately upon the Brexit vote- instead UK on an amazing economic run with historic employment and unemployment.  
BBC-Tusk says no Brexit deal until border resolved  No surprise - not least because vital national interest for Dublin & EU always backs member state. But to deliver a frictionless border UK-EU trade deal not enough: without UK in CU, backstop will happen 
The House of Lords say they refuse to be pushed by the people and will continue attempting to turn brexit over. This should be the end of them. They think we are here to wait on them, something all globalists do. Kick them out now. The people neither want nor need them. 
Brexit transition is a no go without the Irish border answer, EU says  
Postwar Britain welcomed these workers. Brexit Britain wants proof they belong.  
Spot on - this thread shows how Brexit is complete  It won’t satisfy “Leavers” or Remainers”.Qualifying it “soft”, “hard”, “red, white and blue” is simply putting different coloured wrapping paper on the   
Just stop pandering to the UKGovt...enforce the red lines asap. You can't trust it or the ERG post #Brexit...the whole aim is to Diverge. And Labour in backing #Brexit are tacitly helping. Bring it to a head in time for us to get a #FairVote to #StopBrexitSaveBritain & the #EU! 
The refusal of both our main political parties to fight under their own banners for a Yes vote should send a clear warning to voters about the total absence of political faith in this referendum. Their silence is deafening.  We are the only pro-life party. #BeMyVoice #VoteNo 
Pleased to advise my Urgent Question on UK Govt’s legal challenge to devolved #Brexit legislation has been granted. I & other @theSNP MPs will be questioning the Attorney General on this challenge to the Scottish Parliament’s democratic legitimacy at 1.15pm 
If #Brexit is such a good idea, why are the rats abandoning HMS Brexit? They've sold us down river! #BrexitBetraysBritainSend an SOS loud & clear to the two main parties on May 3rd by Anti-#Brexit Tactical Voting #ABTV for pro-#EU parties in the #LocalElections2018 #FBPE #WATON 
If it's Wednesday, you know it's all about #JKLive @citizentvkenya @9pm....Tonight, where has he BEEN? It's time to bring back @TonyGachoka to talk 'Handshake ', Referendum-Talk, the various allignments, 2022, etc etc.....Sit Back....Better yet, Lean Forward!! Spread THE WORD!  
"There would be no dilution in the importance of the UK to India post-Brexit. The @cityoflondon was of great importance to India for accessing the global markets & would remain so." - @PMOIndia @narendramodi#10downingstreet #GREATforCollaboration #ModiInUK 
#KHAN the MASS Murderer of #London #KnifeCrime#Knife #Morrisey #Britain#Brit #UK #Brexit @theresa_may  Traitor‘London is DEBASED' Morrissey rages at Sadiq Khan after violent epidemic 
Dynamo's coming in shortly. I'm going to ask him to make Brexit disappear.  
Betrayal! Now foreign firms are set to keep their lucrative rights to fish in UK waters after #Brexit  
Brexit Boost: School Choice Increases, Salaries Rise Due to EU Migrant Drop   
Two discussions on @mrjamesob show so far this morning highlighting how incompetent and disgraceful the leadership of our 2 main parties are. An utter shambles and not even a mention of Brexit yet. 
The ONLY thing I have confidence in, is that his Government will make sure the rich do very well out of Brexit and that everyone else will suffer. That is their only goal. 
James O'Brien's -Windrush ScandalBravo! How much longer can the reasonable maj of the UK Ppls ignore this demeaning of our country. Govt, #Brexit & MPs still backing a denial of a #FairVote need 2B ditched asap so we can get back to being OPEN & TOLERANT 
My Dad has been radicalised by Brexit  
Mr. Corbyn should today remind Theresa May of the rampant racism that's occurring on her watch, ie migrants go home vans, #WindrushGeneration, hatred/division/xenophobia since Brexit and #Antisemitism on the right, +demonisation of disabled, rise in hate crime, #PMQs. 
COMING UP: EU expansion including latest on Turkey, Brexit good news and Morrissey’s verdict on the ‘Loony Left’. See you at 13:00.  
Can Brexit be reversed? Brexit means ... podcast  
Jeremy, don't be fooled. We didn't vote for you, just against the Tories, tactically, in order to delay, frustrate and eventually cancel Brexit.If you pursue Brexit, you're gone. That is a promise. 
Each of govt’s 4 Brexit scenarios would leave Britain poorer and cost the taxpayer hundreds of millions of pounds each week—a bespoke deal, govt’s preferred option, would have a net negative fiscal impact of about £40 billion a year, £615 million a week 
Funny how Salmond had to have every detail of scots indy,,yet brexit people are happy to bash on ahead with no plan whatsoever.A lot of them are the same ones who demanded Salmond have every detail planned ! 
Defeat for Theresa May in the House of Lords could embolden MPs to push for a softer Brexit  
A lovely middle-aged woman came to measure my home for carpets today.She voted Leave for the NHS & is now furious.She will vote Remain in a #FinalSay referendum.So will 2 of her friends.Gave her a pile of flyers on #PeoplesVote & she is going to distribute & convince others! 
FARAGE: “George Soros-funded attempt, headed up by Tony Blair and others, to get the British to have a second referendum...that has now run into the ground. “There isn’t gonna be a second referendum.” 
Yup impending Lords’ defeat today will certainly not be the end of the problem - Tory rebels pretty dug in on this part of the Brexit tangle  
For "balance", #morningireland has had a woman on who had an abortion and a woman who had her baby.  The #repealthe8th referendum is not about whether a woman should have an abortion or a baby, it's about whether she should have a choice. 
After the personal abuse I get from hard line Brexiteers and English nationalists Daily Express readers it's nice to get such warm words from a future lawyer who can see the destructiveness of Brexit. Thank you Emma Josephine!  
Canada is confident in a 'seamless transition'. Justin Trudeau talks Brexit, trade and Trump in an exclusive interview for BBC News.  
A Brexit transition deal can only happen if the Irish border issue is solved, Donald Tusk warns  
This is the most depressing story I’ve seen in a while. We international observers and visitors witnessed the police violence, the smashed glass, the blood on the floor, bruises, ripped clothing. We were also scared Spanish police would attack us for observing the referendum.  
Brexit minister @SteveBakerHW tells the Lords Constitution Ctte: "Once we have reached an agreement with the EU, we will ask Parliament to accept the agreement, or move forward without an agreement" 
Live Chat on Facebook  tomorrow at 5pm CET! I am looking forward to your questions about the future relationship with UK after #Brexit  
The latest twist in the drama over ‘patriotic’ post-Brexit passports sees the British printer De La Rue drop its appeal against the award of the contract to a European rival  
The misuse of Britons’ personal data by a #Brexit campaign group and other businesses owned by its founder, Arron Banks, was “rife”, according to a former employee of Cambridge Analytica. 
The reason the EU can negotiate great trade deals: It can offer access to over 500 million consumers in 28 countries. With a GDP of over €15 trillion representing nearly 25% of the global economy. Brexit makes no sense. #BackBritainNotBrexit #PeoplesVote 
Two years ago today the Treasury claimed Brexit would cost each household £2600->£5200 per yearA majority still voted for Brexit & since then they have not changed their mindsNote to strategists - this is because people do not think only about what is in their wallet 
Amber Rudd is following in the footsteps of Theresa May... She's a dreadful home secretary and knows Brexit is a disaster for the UK but is putting her own personal ambition before her country!  
Brexit is not inevitable. Demand a vote on the Brexit deal. @peoplesvote_uk 
Theresa May's Mansion House Brexit plan, that the EU has dismissed as cherry-picking, would cost the UK £615 million per week. That's nearly twice the amount Vote Leave promised would be saved and given to the NHS. @Global__Future 
Hi @LyleSheltonYOU said the #SSM survey was a referendum on Safe Schools. Did you forget? Don't worry, I'll always be here to remind you. Like some kind of conscience (look it up). Kenny x  
George Osborne’s PROJECT FEAR exposed as a con as Brexit Britain BOOMS  
Every form of Brexit means less money for the NHS and public services: our politicians are mucking this up which is why we need a #PeoplesVote to make sure this Brexit deal works for all of us   
This piece from @SorchaEastwood and me shows how Brexit poses a huge threat to the Good Friday Agreement. And debunks the arguments from some Brexiteers that dangers are manufactured or exaggerated.  Challenge is more that just avoiding a hard border but allowing NI to succeed.  
UK Businesses Ready for Brexit, Reject Second Referendum  
Happy to sign any pledge to work to #StopBrexit  - any call for a #FinalSay is supported by a #PeoplesVote petition - but I am #ABTV - Anti-brexit & for Tactical voting. Not Labour. Not Tory. Their Party policy is #brexit - both the same. Vote #remain 
A good indiciation that a) real trade talks with the UK will only start after it has left the EU and b) 21 months of transition will hardly be enough to negotiate and ratify such an extensive trade agreement. #Brexit  
A warm welcome and a fire-side discussion! PM @narendramodi welcomed by  @theresa_may @10DowningStreet. The two leaders had wide-ranging talks on redefining and infusing new energy into our bilateral engagement post-Brexit.  
What's really going on with the BBC & Brexit-bias: the ever-sensible @mikegalsworthy on how the corporation has given up on public education 
Work on #Brexit across government never stops. This morning I had a really good meeting with the stakeholders from @irishcongress @ibec_irl @BrIreCham @Bordbia @Entirl @IrishExporters @IFAmedia @iiea @scienceirel @IDAIRELAND @ChambersIreland @emireland 
A study has revealed how terrible each Brexit scenario will be for UK finances. A poll has found how everyone, from both sides of the argument, think the possible deals are really bad. Over 78% of Leavers are unhappy. We need to #StopBrexit now... #BrexitShambles #IFGBrexit 
I think we are about to find out that the recent 2015 & 2017 Tory Governments, as well as #Brexit were 'won' by totally illegal means.Power stolen from the British people.What next?At what point do people of the UK rise up as one & say #EnoughisEnough ? 
Let us not forget why the Lords are trying to prevent Brexit...Anti-Brexit Lords get £500k in EU pensions a year and can't criticise Brussels #EUWithdrawalBill #HouseofLords #TheresaMay #PMQs #Brexit 
Theresa May’s “deep and special” bespoke Brexit would cost Britain £615 million a week, new research says. The NHS would lose 22% of its weekly budget.  
This govt is beyond toxic. Beyond!In no particular order: Brexit, austerity, Grenfell, Syria bombings, Windrush, Skripals, treatment of disabled, backdoor privatising NHS... The list goes on and on. Not one, single creditable, honest or meritorious act. 
George Osborne’s PROJECT FEAR exposed as a con as Brexit Britain BOOMS  
The pound as drawn level with the rate it reached prior to the referendum, hitting $1.43 again. The only negative forecast of the Remain campaign that they kept repeating after the event, because they thought it had more chance of success , has now joined the others as wrong. 
Gisela Stuart:"It’s deeply dissapointing peers using parliamentary procedure to pursue their own agenda of stopping #BrexitWhilst 17.4m voted to Leave #EU, a handful of unelected Lords believe they can overturn result & keep us under Brussels control." 
10 Lords have proposed a total of 388 amendments designed to frustrate or reverse Brexit  
If we catch Spurs and get top 4 I'll get a tattoo of Drinkwater with the words 'Brexit Iniesta' under it. 
Juncker claims UK has said 'nyet' to his offer of remaining in the EU. Well, I suppose 22 months isn't that late to finally get the message that Britain voted to Leave! #Brexit 
This is bigger than #Brexit. ALL OF our rights are being attacked. In my mind it's not just about UK cits or EU cits but it's about ALL people who call the UK home. Time to come together and hold these people to account. #enoughisenough 
'We should NOT bow to the people' Lords try to REVERSE Brexit as May braces for defeat  
We must avoid a post-Brexit bureaucratic nightmare for EU citizens. We need full guarantees in the light of the #Windrush scandal. The EP will discuss this with the Home Office in Brussels on Tuesday 24 April. 
EU Trade Commissioner @MalmstromEU says "presumably" DG Trade will negotiate a post-Brexit Free Trade Agreement with the UK but her department has done no preparatory work because it hasn't received a mandate from the European Council. 
Brexit is is too important for politicians alone to decide, which is why we should have a People’s Vote on the final Brexit deal.Pledge your support & join the People's Vote campaign today: 
UK Businesses Ready for Brexit, Reject Second Referendum | Breitbart  
Since Theresa May seems incapable of negotiating, can’t lead & keeps conceding to the EU on every issue it is time May is reminded of what the Brexit vote means & what she has to deliver. Stop May betraying Brexit & trying to overrule the vote  
Very interesting work by @jdportes @Global__Future and polling by Populous.Taking UK Govt’s estimated cost of each #Brexit scenario, explaining it in everyday terms, and asking voters to choose which option they’d go for. 
The UK will be much worse off under EVERY Brexit scenario. Theresa May's preferred bespoke option will cost £615m per week. That is a potential loss of 22% of the NHS budget - The £350m bus claim was a falsehood... #BrexitShambles #StopBrexit 
EXCITING news! Femi comes to Cheltenham! Live in or near Gloucestershire?Don't miss @Femi_Sorry at the Bacon Theatre Fri 27 April. Femi travels the UK engaging young people on #Brexit. Get your kids, their mates along. It's their future. Pse RT! Tickets:  
All Stocked Up For The Long Winter? #GivesYouWings 
It is hard to appreciate just how crucial frictionless trade is for British businesses. Staying in the Customs Union is the first step to curbing (stopping) a disastrous hard Tory Brexit  
In the light of the Windrush scandal and the destruction of documents while she was Home Secretary, it is evident that Theresa May is a dangerous politician.The EU must ensure that the future of its citizens in the UK is not left in her hands after Brexit, should it happen  
So the GOV can bribe the DUP, repeatedly lie about the economic impact of Brexit, make 3 million reapply for less rights, deport people whose evidence of residence the GOV destroyed. But not one MP has resigned! I cannot wait to see what they do when they really take back control 
The only bigotry I saw in the referendum campaign was directed towards Leavers by Middle Class remainers who didn’t like having their idolatry of the EU challenged. One woman yelled at me from her car window when I was manning a stall. I had to walk away to make her drive on.  
Each #Brexit scenario will leave #Britain worse off, study finds : 
Reasons to be cheerful:-There will be no second referendum -Brexit is happening-UK economy is preforming strongly -Everyday it looks less likely Corbyn will be Prime Minister & Diane Abbott Home Secretary 
Only 2 weeks (!) to go: On 2 May, I will propose the long-term #EUBudget post #Brexit. Still 3  #EU  capitals to visit to exchange ideas, lots of internal discussions.. It  is about our future. Without money cannot do that much. Stay tuned   #FutureofEurope 
Rudd has been Home Sec for two years. It’s not like this scandal hasn’t been coming down line for weeks. And what bearing does Brexit have on an the aloof/cold/head in sand reaction? And if this is all Ruddites have as a defence then she’s in more trouble than first thought.  
Trouble brewing for @theresa_may & the nasty @CONservatives. Why do you think they are so keen to keep #AntiSemitism in the news & so keen to damage @JeremyCorbyn. Not gonna work, Theresa!#Windrush stops with you. So does #Brexit.The country know you are to blame.#PMQs 
The Soros-funded attempt for a second referendum has failed.  
European Parliament now linking already done Brexit citizens deal to Windrush crisis - are some basic parallels on promises, cut off dates  
Every Brexit scenario would be worse than the present. The bloody awful May's "bespoke" deal would cost £615m per week!F--k this for a lark - I'm damned if my family's going to pay that kind of price for humouring a mob of thick, bigoted racists! 
So True! The zealots will sleepwalk us into Brexit if we let them | Rafael Behr  
Junkers' power grab for next generation weaponry, Quinetq & BAE British White Heat.EU MILITARY UNION is ongoing.No-one would vote for this! Betrayal of Brexit, betrayal of the UK, betrayal of the people.#freedom#independence 
Donald Tusk is shocked that he agrees with Nigel Farage for the 1st time.... you are right Mr Farage #brexit will not bring any good to anyone.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
EU legislation planned to prepare for no-deal Brexit if necessary -  
Why am I so incensed about the Windrush scandal ? It gets to the very heart of Brexit. Making people feel "unwelcome"5 million EU/GB going to live in each others' countries legallySuddenly, residency, health, pensions no longer sure, maybe even being deported 60 years on? 
Hilarious interview with De La Rue on why they're backing down on legal fight over Brexit passports. "Was the legal advice that you had no chance of winning?" 
'The Soros-funded attempt for a second referendum has failed' - @Nigel_Farage 
Many talk about the migrants working / not working.To me this is irrelevant.You cannot have a society with a subgroup that indoctrinates their children that all non-musIims are inferior, to be hated, to be stoned.Retweet if you agree.They have to be deported#Brexit  
In this:1. Massive cost of all possible Brexit deals2. Polling that more leavers would prefer “Norway deal” over any other option.3. 72% think cost of bespoke deal too much for brexit. 4. 78% think brexit worse than hoped.#remainernow? #peoplesvote? 
The cost of Brexit - as revealed in our new report, 'Too High A Price?'  
We must avoid a post-Brexit bureaucratic nightmare for EU citizens. We need full guarantees in the light of the #Windrush scandal. The EP will discuss this with the Home Office in Brussels on Tuesday 24 April. 
MORE Vauxhall job losses: all dealers put on notice. Follows Ellesmere Pt/Nissan/Land Rover cutsUK has big challenges; needs big solutionsQuitting EU doesn’t solve any but sure does make many worse.Don’t Brexit. Fix it.#PeoplesVote #StopBrexit #FBPE 
After seething for months over #Brexit I didn't think anything could make me even angrier - and along came the utter disgrace of #Windrush and the realisation that our government is rotten to the core. May must resign. 
The Nursing and Midwifery Council says applications from EU nurses to work in the UK have fallen by 89% since the referendum. There’s already a shortage of medical professionals. #Brexit will do nothing but make it worse #52brexitfacts 
Local council election on 3 MayEU citizens can voteMake a statementVote for a party that opposes brexitIn England this means Lib Dem or GreenDon’t vote labourDon’t vote Conservative#StopBrexit 
Devastating. Even in the 'best' soft #Brexit scenario - Britain will be £262 million poorer every week. We  can't afford that burden, the poorest least of all. @UKLabour policy has to change, we have to stand against Brexit. #ForTheMany  
Global Future finds Theresa May’s preferred bespoke Brexit deal would cost £615m a week. This would mean 22% less funding available for the NHS if there was a bespoke deal and 9%, 31% and 44% less under each of the other options  
We urge Lords & MP's to show courage & stand up for what's best for UK. Now we know what Brexit means, we ALL deserve a vote on the final deal. #EUWithdrawalBill 
I'm seeing confusion over how #LocalElections2018 impact who's in N°10. Whatever the result, it won't make Govt fall, but #StopBrexit will —so focus on using your vote to send a message to pro-#Brexit parties by NOT voting for them!May 3rd: Anti-Brexit Tactical Voting #ABTV 
How many times do you need telling.  You were not voted for, it was a vote against the Tories.  You need to revise your Brexit stance because this will not happen again.  Time to listen to Remainers. 
This referendum isn't just about the kind of people we are, it's about how kind we are as people.What's your story of #activekindness#together4yes 
The @ukhomeoffice will hold a special session with MEPs on 24th April to talk about citizens' rights after #Brexit, @guyverhofstadt tells European Parliament. He says he'll make recommendations to David Davis and Michel Barnier if required. 
This confirms @ScotGov & @GovUK figures .  There will be no #Brexitdividend.  None at all......Each Brexit scenario will leave Britain worse off, study finds | Politics | The Guardian   
Verhofstadt says "if there are changes needed" he will ask Michel Barnier and David Davis to modify Brexit withdrawal deal  to prevent EU citizens being put in same position as Windrush generation. 
Brexit Britain slides down Europe’s economic league table.  
It's simple: we all have the right to decide our future. And if the British people don't like the Brexit deal, they must have the right to step back from the brink#PeoplesVoteRead all about it here:  
Irish border issue can only addressed by Northern Ireland staying part of Customs Union and Single Market.NI can only do this with Irish unification or if UK stays in Customs Union and Single Market.If UK stays in Customs Union and Single Market then no real point to Brexit. 
Yes indeed brexit is self-inflicted. @bbcnews puts this sort of crap up on their website everyday publishing front pages of racist, offshore billionaire owned press, pandering to and encouraging the bigots with lies, half truths & misinformation. #bbcbrexitbias. #STOPBREXIT 
“Each of the government’s four Brexit scenarios, including a bespoke deal, would leave Britain poorer and cost the taxpayer hundreds of millions of pounds each week, analysis has shown.”Not what you voted for? The answer is #PeoplesVote#FFS 
“Brexit Britain slides down Europe’s economic league table” @IMFNews: Britain’s economy will perform worse than the rest of Europe, except Italy, over the next two years as it navigates Brexit via @FT (£) 
Postwar Britain welcomed these workers. Brexit Britain wants proof they belong.  
On #Brexit @eucopresident tells @Europarl_EN that without a solution to the Irish border issue there will be no withdrawal agreement and no transition 
This is worse than Brexit  
Today's Brexit warning from Donald Tusk:"The UK’s decision on Brexit has caused the problem [of the Irish border] and the UK will have to solve it. Without a solution there will be no withdrawal agreement and no transition." 
Things parliament can't vote on:- the strikes in Syria - the Windrush generation- almost half of the bills required to manage Brexit@stephenkb on the problem with our unwritten constitution: 
.“Each of the government’s 4 Brexit scenarios would leave Britain poorer & cost the taxpayer hundreds of millions of pounds each week."Cost per week of Brexit£262m - Norway Deal£877m - Canada Deal£1.25bn - No Deal£615m - Bespoke Deal 
Remoaners:'The pound will plummet because of Brexit!'In June 2016 just before the Referendum..a pound was worth $1.43Today it is worth $1.43Funny sort of 'plummet'Project Fear crashes and burns again!Viva Brexit!  
Sadly we currently have a government whose policies are in line with the National Front of the 1970s. It has done so much damage to the UK already and it will get a great deal worse after Brexit. #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
BREAKING: Britain's car sales fell 12% in the first quarter of the year, with Brexit, snow and tax to blame  
'Independence referendum changed Catalonia forever'  
After all the nonsense forecasts peddled before the referendum which have proved utterly false, the Remoaners are still at it.  Don’t these idiots realise that no one believes them any more?  
"HAS FRANCE'S SUN-KING HAD TOO MUCH SUN?" Our #Brexit parliamentary sketchwriter takes apart some very strange parts of Macron's speech to EU Parliament yesterday.  
There will be an ongoing Brexit bill and NO Brexit dividend whatsoever. The govt would like to decide the price that we should all pay.But as it’s costing us, and so much already, maybe it should be us who decides.#PeoplesVote 
That’s the mother of Parliaments down there in the early morning sun, where I plan to be voting later to support Britain remaining in a customs union with the EU after #brexit  
Jean-Luc Picard may want a second referendum -- but the public don't. The People's Vote, the elite Remainer campaign backed by celebs, is a parody of democracy, writes @FraserMyers  
Each Brexit scenario will leave Britain worse off, study finds#Brexitreality #StopBrexit 
The idea that a bunch of pampered placemen elected by nobody can interfere in the Brexit process is an affront to democracy. The voting power of the House of Lords must be removed.   
A simple chart that shows the different options of Britain's Brexit future. This is what it means-    " 22% less funding available for the NHS if there is a bespoke deal, and 9%, 31% and 44% less under each of the other options."  
UK growth slowing as other main economies speed up. #Brexit  
Wednesday briefing: Brexit coming at 'too high a price'  
.@BBCNews Please stop exaggerating the strength of the £. A £1000 today will buy 1150€ that's 15€ more than 6 months ago. A few months before Brexit I got 1470€, spot the difference? £ looks stronger against the $ because $ is weak not because the £ is strong. 
Brexit reality. #PeoplesVote 
Both Brexit Leave campaigns were up to their necks in corruption. The idea now that Brexit was the will of the people is laughable! @Arron_banks threw his ill-gotten  gains into @LeaveEUOfficial cheating at every turn - using customer data, staff & coordinating funds #StopBrexit 
‘72% of those who voted leave thought that £615m a week would be too high a price to pay for the bespoke deal; while 78% felt it was worse than they had hoped for when casting their vote in the EU referendum.’ And so #StopBrexit . #FBPE  
"It’s deeply dissapointing that these peers are pursuing their own agenda of stopping #Brexit. Whilst 17.4 million people voted to leave the EU, a handful of unelected Lords believe they can keep us under Brussels control” @GiselaStuart 
£615m a week worse off, wow what did that bus say again? Well done Quitters you'll cost us way more than the EU ever did.#StopBrexitEach Brexit scenario will leave Britain worse off, study finds 
Rather than more money for the NHS, on its own the Govts Brexit deal means 22% less, one pound in every five pounds we currently spend.The price is too high #StopBrexit 
As the Windrush scandal engulfs Theresa May, worth remembering this claim by George Osborne last June. He said that as Home Secretary, she blocked attempts by David Cameron to unilaterally give EU citizens residency rights after the Brexit vote.  
New research by @jdportes for @Global__Future shows that the cheapest Brexit option, costing the public finances in 2033-34 'only' £260m per week, is staying in the single market (). 
Over three months after the referendum vote the PM felt no need to pretend it meant we had to leave the Single Market. We didn't pretend then so why pretend now?I ask as new research shows staying in the Single Market is the best way to limit the hit to public finances.  
Remember when we warned #Brexit would exclude U.K. from European Medicines Agency & we were told it was Project Fear? @HealthierIn 
Good Morning Your Majesty @CasaReal King Felipe VI! Your Majesty,supreme court of Your Kingdom claims, that charges of rebellion versus #Catalonia's leaders are valid, because #1oct referendum triggered violence from #Spain. I suggest Your Majesty to demand resignation of judges. 
EU citizens in the U.K. quite simply don’t trust Theresa May’s government to treat them justly and humanely if #Brexit happens. What ever happened to British tolerance and fairness? @Labour4EU @labour4europe 
Brussels seeks emergency powers to prepare for hard Brexit  
I've said it before, I'll say it again:Everything we see from Theresa May's regime, particularly on Brexit, Windrush and Syria, can and must be framed by her impossible, knee-jerk, obsessive pledge as Home Secretary to reduce net immigration to the "tens of thousands." 
Leaving aside that South Korea isn't in the TPP, Trump appears to believe Brexit has gone swimmingly with the UK, with major economies lining up to do bilateral deals and undermine their hard won multilateral trading relationships.  
U.K. govt always complains that models of Brexit impact don’t include its preferred option (even if unattainable). This one does, and it’s not good news for ministers   
Devastating polling of Leave voters on different Brexit outcomes.   
In summary, Brexit is utterly stupid and costs billions more than the status quo.   
Born #OTD Jessie Street (1889-1970), feminist. President of the United Assn of Women, she ensured that gender was included as a non-discrimination clause in the UN Charter (1945), and was a prominent supporter of the 1967 Indigenous Rights Referendum.  
New Brexit poll: "More than half (51%) opted for the Norway-style EEA option"   
Brexit has just made it clear that the vast number of British MPs don't live in reality. I don't believe in this BS about an EU gravy train but I do think most MPs are more than willing to sell their own constituents out. They're weak willed and lazy. 
Some scoops from Kaiser hearing:DPA violations•FB data not deleted•CA clone built at Ole Miss•Insurance data used for Brexit•Breitbart/CA data share•CA didn’t sue UKIP for unpaid invoice•SCL’s weapon export restriction lifted•CA met with Uber•Deep Assange links 
Let's do the maths. Brexit costs the UK £615million/week. Boris promised us £350million/week. Oops! Forgot to carry over the bull****.Wait! Got it! The answer is #PeoplesVote 
#May faces embarrassing #Brexit #defeat in upper house 
If you know about Windrush and still think that Brexit doesn't come with the danger that a Government of a day will tear up citizens' rights you're not paying attention #ABTVtoStopBrexit #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Theresa May faces a new Brexit challenge from the House of Lords  
A massive solar farm proposal has resoundingly passed an Upper Nicola Band referendum.   #Merritt #bcpoli 
Brexit has uncovered something rotten in this country and it has nothing to with the EU. Much needs to change, not least our constitution & voting system, but neither Tories nor Labour seem up to the job. 
Hitler was never elected. He lost the 1932 presidential election to Hindenburg by a wide margin and the 1934 referendum on his consolidation of the presidency and chancellorship in the wake of Hindenburg's deathwas a complete sham carried out purely for propaganda purposes.  
Windrush proves that Theresa May is a racist, and she is using Brexit to further her own prejudices against those she deems less than equal.This is UK 2018. We should be ashamed to have Prime Minister like this. 
I've got 3 questions for the #FinalSayForAll referendum.1. Do you want to be poorer?2. Do you want to remove citizens rights?3. Do you want to damage relations with our closest neighbours?A 'yes' reply invalidates your vote cos you're stupid.A 'no' counts as Remain.Sorted. 
What sort of Brexit?  We need a menu - with prices.  My commentary on @Global__Future analysis in @guardian 
KarmaIsSuchABitchThese are the people that lied to Scotland during the first Scottish Independence ReferendumHaving the same tactics used against them  
Actually it's a HUGE story and really positive - mind you it would have to be reported without the sly implication. @theSNP recognised cowboys and said "no thanks". Brexit charlatans recognised cowboys and said "this is how we cheat our way to success". 
2018@theresa_may could still trump that, however, making both @The3Million and @BritishInEurope collateral in Brexit  10/ 
2016@theresa_may made @The3Million bargaining chips in Brexit negotiations in July; as we learnt only a year later, she also actively 'blocked' Cameron from offering us the right to stay after Brexit unilaterally.  8/ 
Great news for election reform! Maine's Supreme Court says instant-runoff voting will be used in June's federal & state primaries. Voters will simultaneously vote in a referendum over whether to keep the law after the legislature tried to repeal it  
Brexit cheerleading on the left vs brexit cheerleading on the right.  Xenophobia on the left vs xenophobia in the right, Antisemitism on the left vs Islamophobia on the right.Pick your brand of racism and bigotry at the #GE2018 or vote for something different. 
'The treatment of the Windrush generation by the British government’s immigration authorities is “deeply worry” for EU citizens who face disruption to their lives from Brexit, the European Parliament’s Brexit chief has warned.' 
Brexit: nobody is listening - at a corrective seminar in a far-off city, delivered by anonymous bureaucrats from a scarcely known organisation, the truth is spoken. But nobody is listening any more. The liars have inherited the earth...  #Brexinfo. 
Trump & #Brexit are driven by a wealthy elite who want to escape from a whole raft of taxes, laws & regulations which democratic governments apply to them. Trump donor Peter Thiel has blurted out the truth, they see democracy as their enemy.#StopBrexit 
All these people support Brexit at any cost. Don't vote for them on May 3rd.#ABTV 
Vote to stop Brexit. Vote #ABTV. Vote to give Brexit-supporting parties a kicking. Vote for ANYONE who will give us the #PeoplesVote & a chance to #StopBrexit. Do not vote for @Conservatives or @ukLabour. They will claim your vote for them supports their stance on #Brexit. #WATON  
It;s increasingly obvious that the #Brexit campaign was - like the Trump campaign - tainted by extensive criminality. Many of the same actors were involved in both, notably Robert Mercer, Steve Bannon & Cambridge Analytica. This was a coup executed by crooks. 
'As Britain progresses towards the self-inflicted deadline of Brexit, the Commonwealth is being heralded as the stage on which the next act, Global Britain, will play out. If only political reality would play ball'  
Brava......Molly Scott Cato MEP has today written to Avon and Somerset Police to ask if the force is investigating new evidence that Bristol companies GoSkippy and Eldon Insurance allegedly shared data illegally with LeaveEU. 
How the “British government deals with the Windrush generation might have implications post-Brexit in terms of how Europeans who live in England are treated and vice versa” argues foreign minister of St Kitts and Nevis @markbrantley3 #newsnight 
Arron Banks is facing serious allegations of illegal use of data during the Brexit referendum campaign.Here he is with the convicted fraudster and co-director of #Brexit fundraising for Ukip, "Posh George" Cottrell. 
May faces embarrassing Brexit defeat in upper house  
Morrissey’s Brexit love affair makes him the last true rock’n’roll rebel  
.“This will be deeply worrying for MILLIONS of EU citizens in the UK who will now fear similar treatment after Brexit.”. 
God, what is it about old people who didn't fight in WW2? It was 70 YEARS AGO!!!! Yes. It is Brexit. Brexit is racist. You are part of the problem here 
Tories held many meetings with Cambridge Analytica and hired them for general and local elections they also hired them for Brexit we know that by their funding of Farage's leave campaign.  
In response to #windrush home office scandal, @BBCradio4 actually considering impact of #Brexit on #EUcitizens Interviewing @NicolasHatton from @The3Million:"EU Citizens have been @InLimboBrexit since the referendum" These are people's lives at stake!#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Somebody who is not a fucking timewasting bot or troll, please remind me why you voted for Brexit? The government has your racist xenophobia agenda covered, has fucked over the NHS & aviation, space & other industries. For the life of me I just cannot recall the 'upside'? 
... "Voting for a pro-Brexit party will not in any way help local issues. Even a great local councillor, a good mayor, or a well run local Council cannot mitigate the effects of Brexit. I support #ABTV in the Local Elections on 3 May." ...#ABTV. 
Very important: Spanish treasury minister categorically denies referendum was paid for with public money. By @martaemarti via @elnacionalcat 
Tomorrow, by me.The Ten Things That Shape Brexit, at @FT.But, n meantime:If Brexit were a shape, what shape would it be? 
Can you imagine, if Brexit was on trial? The interference with the jury, the perjury. the failure to present evidence. The judge would declare a mistrial and it would be over. 
Watching the sheer incompetence never mind the inhumanity in the government handling of Windrush, are we seriously trusting this lot on something as complex, multifaceted, as Brexit? 
Britain does not have a codified constitution. Our system is very flexible & adaptable. But it relies on governments respecting certain largely unwritten limits to their actions. On #Brexit & #Windrush this government has crashed its way through those limits. 
Quote of the Day, as violence and abuses escalate ahead of a referendum that could allow Burundi's President Nkurunziza to prolong his rule until 2034.  
"The greatest trick the Devil ever pulled was to convince the world he didn't exist." - Keyser Soze, The Usual SuspectsAnd the greatest trick that fascism ever pulled was to persuade ordinary people that it was their own free choice. #Brexit 
Stopping Brexit is the first step. Then we must get our political & governmental orders working properly. Proportional representation, MPs held to professional standards representing the interests of the country not a ‘Party line,’ transparency, accountability, truth. 
Proud to see we’ve made it into #Wikipedia along with some prominent #Brexit Resistance Movements   
UK Businesses Ready for Brexit, Reject Second Referendum  
Are we really going to let fans of NAZI propaganda tactics run the UK?Really? Really really? If so, it makes it feel as though my relatives who died in WWII needn't have bothered - defeat one lot then grow our own.I felt angry re #Brexit; now I feel physically sick too.  
Evidence that the Brexit vote was fundamentally corrupted is becoming overwhelming.Yet neither Theresa May nor Jeremy Corbyn says a word.Do they want Brexit at any cost, even if that means turning a blind eye to the criminal deception of the voters they pretend to represent? 
The @BBC does not want the public to find out that Brexit is bad for Britain. Criticism of it is censored on grounds of balance. So tell me @BBC: what is balance? For every @davidattenburro programme, another on creationism? For every one on astronomy, another on astrology? 
Sterling At Highest Level Since Referendum #DespiteBrexit 
19th April kay referendum mein People’s Unity of PIA itni lead sey jetay gi kay aik nai history baney gi,Rook Suktey hou tou Rouk lou 
There ought to be a public enquiry into the scaremongering of the Remain campaign & in particular the state sponsored propaganda produced at taxpayers expense by the Treasury ahead of the referendum.  
My son did this. He's now in Amsterdam on a Masters (in English) for £1800 a year. Accepting Brexit is willingly agreeing to be trapped and exploited on a small island. Madness! 
Is this through incompetence, or by design? Some bills crucial for Brexit have not even been introduced in Parliament yet - save up the nasty surprises for after Oct 18 or even March 19? “Brexit legislation caught in parliamentary logjam” 
How the Windrush scandal connects with Brexit. My latest blog post:  
in a word: yes. No matter the arguments over how and why the Brexit vote happened, it clearly emboldened some of the worst in society to decide they were mainstream. 
I don't think you can consider either in isolation. I don't like to sound hyperbolic, but I remember that sick feeling after the Brexit vote that something grotesque was coming. This is that path, isn't it? 
The murky story of the leave campaign continues to get worse. How long before the Government wakes up to the fact that a referendum won by lying and cheating is nothing more than electoral fraud? #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote #FBPE 
Brexit has not been shown to have merit from an economic or geopolitical perspective. It removes valued rights from more than half the people (counting youth in) Leavers gain nothing. So what is impartiality @BBC? Will every astronomy programme be balanced by an astrology one? 
“This Windrush fiasco where people are forced to leave the country after 50 years of building a life here must never happen again” says government preparing for a Brexit likely to force people to leave the country after 40 years of building a life here. 
This is stomach-churningBrexit campaign director drew inspiration from the Nazis, an audio recording reveals 
Brexit fan Andrew Neil blocked me for this tweet politely asking him why he never challenges Brexiters talk of a Brexit dividend & including this OBR graph showing the additional borrowing bill due to Brexit. I didn't mention he randomly implies a Brexit dividend himself on BBC.  
I said brexit and trump would be a disaster.  Im still stunned there are people... this far after I was shown to be demonstrably correct, who claim I was wrong and should 'stick to science'... SAD!!! 
Last punt for this morning's column, on Brexit fatigue, featuring, improbably, the Scottish play.  
WE’VE BEEN EXPECTING EU, MRS MAY: Brussels to build a giant laser weapon amid warnings of a post-Brexit arms race:  
#poll Tory government hos shown sheer incompetence and heartlessness in dealing with the #WindrushGeneration a crisis of their own making. Do you feel that this Tory government will make a bigger mess dealing with #EUcitizens in UK post-Brexit? 
Pretty hard to argue against this. Completely spot on. We are the opposition now. #WATON. But we can’t do it in ones or twos. We can only do it together. Make your vote count. Now. #ABTVtoStopBrexit We are better than Brexit   
EARLIER Wetherspoon Social Media Exit BUSTED: all about customer data being used in #Brexit campaign, WITHOUT THEIR KNOWLEDGE  
Brief Recap.Brexit won on lies from government ministers,An unchallenging Tv Media.Nazi propaganda from Leave Eu as confirmed by Mr. Wigmore.Drip Drip lies and disinformation from Newspapers for years.Scapegoating Migrants.Psyops Social Media targeting#ABTVtoStopBrexit 
Brexit begins.  As the UK government takes Holyrood to the Supreme Court over the power grab, it may lose the first round - but it will surely win in the end.  What then? My @heraldscotland column tomorrow 
The high-level smears continue. How is it possible to hold any election or future referendum in a climate where state broadcaster and near entire press engages in lies and smears against one party on a regular basis?  
The pound hit a post-EU referendum high against the US dollar on Tuesday – but against the euro it remains far below the levels before the Brexit vote.  
'They’ll DESTROY Brexit' Lord Jones EXPLODES at Remainers as second vote campaign launched 
2. second part of my #BREXIT DIVIDEND song"The people have been deceivedBy lying politicians with too much publicity (thank @BBCNews)For this Orwellian nightmare of false impartiality"@BBCRadio4 #BBCBias #StopBrexit THERE IS NO #BREXIT DIVIDEND.STOP THE #TORY PROPAGANDA. 
Just overheard a French lady on the train, who works in our hospitality sector, saying she's probably going back to France if Brexit happens. Not because of any xenophobia, but just because she won't have the right to equal treatment. 
% of Amazon employees in the UK who have Suffered from depression since starting at Amazon 55%Avoided using the toilet for fear of missing their targets 74%Said they would not apply for a job at Amazon again 81% #Brexit(Organize) 
 TO #BREXIT OR NOT TO BREXITSince the 2016 referendum there's been a concerted effort by many, including in the govt, to shut down debate about Brexit.Another referendum, and another, until the results are useful RESPECT DEMOCRACY STOP #ANTIFA 
Simple question: does anyone out there still think that there is any point in continuing with Brexit?Please RT 
Arron Banks' Eldon insurance staff worked on #Brexit campaign reinforcing suspicions that they used insurance actuaries to target prime locations for campaigning on Brexit. Shocking revelations from former Cambridge Analytica employee to MPs.   
Either Osborne and the Treasury were incompetent in not understanding how the economy would react to Brexit or they knowingly created a false analysis to deceive people.  Either way, their  performance was shameful.  
one of Brittany Kaiser's many deceptions in her Parliamentary testimony today:  she wasn't "hired by" PACE Group, she started it! Now to find out why she lied...@carolecadwalla @profcarroll @brexit_sham @WendySiegelman 
1.I've written a new song, bit of a #PowerBalladIt's called...."#BREXIT DIVIDEND"Or more to the point, its non existence... "There is NO, there is NO #BrexitDividend"#StopBrexit#EUsupergirl#PeoplesVote#IamEuropean#FBPE 
Artur Mas puts things in context:37% of all UK voters voted for Brexit. The UK will leave the EU. 38% of all Catalan voters voted for independence in 2017. Now elected politicians and grassroots activists are behind bars and face 30+ years of prison. #ArturMasEdinburgh #MAS 
The #Brexit Resistance Movement, of which we are very proud to be a part, is now on Wikipedia for the first time! Check out this page for a handy introduction to the world of anti-Brexit activism.  
This country is the best of its kindThey can't protect you yet it's illegal to defend yourself,they can't make great laws yet it's illegal to have referendum,God bless NigeriaPepper spray is a great sin that must be appeased with a full bowl of isiewu@segalink 
"Stop treating the people's will like a problem you have to deal with. The public don't want a second referendum. They see it for the anti-democratic scheme that it is."@Ella_M_Whelan takes Kezia Dugdale to task on BBC Daily Politics 
Do you believe the current government is acting in the best interests of the country.Please rt. #brexit #syria #windrush #nhs#FBPE 
Saddest part of Brexit is what it’s done to some previously smart & decent folk. The tabloid EU narrative seems to have brought the views of Tommy Robinson/Enoch Powell into the mainstream. A total betrayal of all  those who fought & died for freedom. Shameful. 
Leavers were told #Brexit would provide another £350m for the #NHS. John Major told the truth. He said the #NHS is about as safe with the Tory Brexiters "as a pet hamster would be with a hungry python" Save the NHS  #StopBrexit#VoteEU 
Why are those affiliated with suspected thief @WilliamsRuto rushing to be born in Kakamega? Is it because Luhyas are the easiest to FOOL, INFILTRATE & DIVIDE? Eti “wadosi wanataka referendum.” Wadosi gani? Can you account for the wealth you have acquired in 5yrs with <1M salary? 
I love a fluffy Border with a load of sheep. Brexit’s tryin’ to disrupt me and I’m losin’ sleep. I’m busy all the time - it’s the Peace I keep. Ewe gotta gimme credit for my jokes ain’t cheap...in the Irish Border state of mind....  
Chinese ambassador to EU: "If there is not a Brexit deal, there won’t be things to talk about. If the EU and the UK fail to reach agreement, the UK’s agreements with other parties may face great uncertainties.”#FBPE 
Brexit Revealed To Be Performance Art  
1 month from now Burundi will hold an important constitutional referendum. Security forces and paramilitary Imbonerakure are already intensifying their attacks on potential opponents. Meanwhile UNSC Res.2303 - from 2016 - still remains un-implemented.  pic.twitter.com/SUQaKzc03R 
Lord Digby Jones - "The Remainers and the media are doing Barnier’s job for him. He just has to sit there and keep refusing. The Remain camp in Britain will destroy Britain’s ability to do the deal. He doesn’t have to." #Brexit  
The point is: I fully understand the instinctive desire of all Brits... of all people* to take control / rule the wavesBut we have to ask two questions:Did we every truly surrender control or did we mix our sovereignty with other nations?Does Brexit mean more control, or less? 
His Excellency and I discussed Jamaica's desire to strengthen trade relations with the EU, EU post Brexit, the CARIFORUM-EU Economic Partnership Agreement, ACP-EU arrangements among other matters. These were very enlightening discussions. 
Is this one really stupid or just pretending when it was a self-styled Brexit Bad Boy taped boasting the Leave campaign used "very clever" Nazi propaganda techniques? I'm going for really stupid  
Theresa May faces another Brexit battle with Scotland and Wales  
123rd day parliament has sat since the general election & govt has not passed a single major piece of #Brexit legislation. Brexit legislation still to be introduced includes the immigration, fisheries and withdrawal agreement and implementation bills. Sleepwalking into a disaster 
Tories playing party politics over racial hatred, is extremely nauseating.. "Hard Tory Right" are Kings of stoking up racial hatred! #Brexit 
Constructive meeting this afternoon with PM @theresa_may @10DowningStreet. Discussed #CyprusProblem #BilateralRelations #Syria #Brexit  
Pound jumps to post-Brexit high on hopes for rate rise  
If they seriously think the hard right forces now pushing hardest for hard Brexit will protect and nourish the BBC once their work is done, they are naive in the extreme.  
UK Prime Minister Theresa May faces embarrassing #Brexit defeat in upper house  
The mess of this Brexit is doing significant brand damage to planet Conservatives. This writer used to vote for them. (A50 has all stripes in its team)  
Apologies for saying “I told you so”, but I did! Have said for years that May is a throughly unpleasant, ignorant and vindictive politician who’s been promoted way above her capabilities because the accident that is Brexit  
Arron Banks staff worked on Brexit campaign, MPs told  
Why vote for a party wanting to limit your participation in the most important initiative of your lifetime to a single vote based on a fraudulent prospectus & tainted by cheating, attempts to psychologically manipulate voters & Russian propaganda?May 3rd vote anti-Brexit #ABTV 
Arron Banks staff worked on #Brexit campaign, MPs toldCall centre staff working for insurance companies owned by Brexit campaign financier ‘actively worked on Leave campaign’#Cambridgeanalytica #StopBrexit #FBPE  
"With Brexit, EU citizens will become vulnerable [...] for years to come. As Windrush shows, the dead hand of Home Office incompetence can reach out over the decades to knock on your door when you are old, or in need of healthcare." says @chrisgreybrexit  
Who else is tired of people talking down Britain before we leave the EU? Britain is a world leader in tourism and the creative industries and this won't stop when we take back control #Brexit  
After Brexit and the best efforts of a cruel, incompetent and corrupt Conservative Govt to stir-up the worst aspects of UK voters - I still believe that the BEST aspects of all the UK voters - will send a clear message - that a Govt that lies to its own people - has no future.  
Listening to tory MPs in the wake of the migrants go home vans, the #WindrushGeneration, including pandering and dog whistling to secure the UKIP vote post Brexit now smearing Mr. Corbyn on #Antisemitism is truly nauseating. 
14/? Lab politicians who want to demonstrate a genuine commitment to root and branch reform of migration, and protection for EU citizens, after Brexit should make repeal of hostile environment policies a centrepiece of their immigration policy and messaging. 
George Osborne’s claim that Theresa May was the only Cabinet member to block plans to enshrine the residency status of EU citizens in the U.K. immediately after the referendum deserves re-evaluation. This shit isn’t happening by accident. 
John Redwood: EU Relentless Drive for Political UnionUK has never been willing to join the Euro with 80% of public opposed.Many UK voters also have reservations about Freedom of Movement.UK is being a good European by withdrawing from the #EU#Brexit 
Not mine but from the NI game at the Euros. The referendum clusterfuck had just happened yet this shows how #Walesaway is inclusive, tolerant, diverse and fun. How it should be pic.twitter.com/uTjjUUMKM3 
Good discussion with @ScotLink about threats to environmental standards, regulation and ambition posed by #Brexit.  @ScotGov is committed to no regression and seeking to go further but very doubtful about @GovUK intentions on these matters no matter their current rhetoric. 
Explosive claims by new whistleblower: data from @Arron_banks insurance company may have been used in referendum  
This is v good. You’re sick of Brexit. I’m sick of Brexit, but guess what: leaving it to the govt and hoping it’ll go away won’t work.Politics isn’t managing decline it’s shaping the future.Enough with the inevitability. If something harms us, we’ve a duty to oppose it.  
Brexit is Local to youit affects your Local hospital GP Surgeries Jobs The £ in your pocketprices in your shops Your children's educationYour workers rightsYour human rightsYour freedomsYour futureVote PRO EU MAY 3RD 4 You & your family & your local community.  
EARLIER Wetherspoon Social Media Exit BUSTED: all about customer data being used in #Brexit campaign WITHOUT THEIR KNOWLEDGE  
Wind rush. Grenfell. Brexit. Homelessness. Duplicitous.  #TheToriesInSixWords 
In Tuesday's Brexit Briefing: why the Windrush debacle has implications for EU expats  
Theresa May is personally responsible for a big part of the xenophobic atmosphere causing so much distress to so many people in Britain, she directly contributed to the rise in racism and hate crimes, and the poisonous spirit of meanness that led to Brexit.  
The zealots will sleepwalk us into their #Brexit if we let them, argues @rafaelbehr 
WATCH: @MrAndyParsons introducing our #PeoplesVote campaign - who else agrees with Andy that David Davis couldn't beat a paper bag in Brexit negotiations?  
Dear #PCPEU people: What I think almost all non-Labour Remainers want is for Labour to become pro-EU. And then we can go into full-on attack against the Tory Brexiters without fear of being stabbed in the back by a "jobs first Brexit", and that hurts, it really does!#StopBrexit 
We lost, we got over it.Now we want a say on the final monster that #Brexit will give birth to.Simple.#PeoplesVote#FinalSay#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
The Brexit bounce making a mockery of George Osborne’s Project Fear  
One of Brexit's many evils is its encouragement to talk about immigration in negative terms. It's time we changed the narrative to celebrate our rainbow nation. My family includes people, black & white, with origins in 12 countries & 3 continents. I think that's fab. 
You fail to mention that SNP sent them packing since they were 'cowboys'. Not so, the majority of Conservatives, who made up the 'Leave Campaign' and who yearn for Brexit. They are deeply involved and smears like this will not work because Tories are so damaged by themselves.  
Sooner this referendum is over the better, sick of not having space on poles around the town to hang up pictures of meself heavy tensing 
Leave used Hitler propaganda techniques. They’ve stolen data & perpetrated electoral fraud.Brexit ushered in under hostile immigration environment & beating up UK citizens on the train. If you still support brexit you need to question your true motives. #ABTVtoStopBrexit 
Britain cannot leave the EU. After #Brexit the EU will still be the economic superpower next door having a huge impact on our economy and on many of our domestic policies. But we will have lost our very large say in its decision making.Take back control! #StopBrexit!#VoteEU 
Did you know that food prices are growing at their fastest rate in 4 years since #Brexit? #52brexitfacts 
The Brexit bounce making a mockery of George Osborne’s Project Fear.  
We've seen how the UK treats the Windrush generation. #Brexit must be stopped, if only to prevent this inhuman government from threatening 3,500,000 EU citizens, who've made their homes in the UK, with the same disgraceful fate. 
Sterling At Highest Level Since Referendum | Pound “the darling of the currency world” #DespiteBrexit  
.@thetimesie reported last week that Facebook's new measure on political ads would not be in place in time for the referendum. The social network has just announced at the communications committee that it will reverse this and include Ireland in the pilot  
For friends in Edinburgh, come along tomorrow and discuss October 1 Referendum with me, Clara and David. Book your place below.  
Fake news inquiry raises concerns over targeting of voters in Brexit referendum enabled by Cambridge Analytica 
Those that say young people don't support #Brexit are talking about 73% of under 24 year olds who voted remain.  
€45m buy out clause for Boly and Wolves are signing him for £10m I’m not sure whose in charge of negotiations but I’m certain they’d do a great job of Brexit 
Supreme Court recognises that 2m+ people were trying to vote, but that if more police officers had been deployed then there could have been a ‘massacre’. Let’s not forget Rajoy spent €87m failing to stop this referendum. No dialogue. This current Spanish Gov is a total disgrace.  
Well I am still laughing my ass off at the ridiculous Andrew Scheer & his inane trip to Britain to 'lay groundwork' for trade talks - which nobody elected him to do. Don't forget Andy supported Brexit - a calculus based on (white) Nationalism, bigotry and intolerance #cdnpoli 
I feel that this ugliness is just the tip of the iceberg. I dread to even consider how the Brexit fanatics will respond after March next year. The thin veneer of a tolerant, caring & inclusive society seems to be evaporating at an alarming rate.  
Cab driver in London: Racism seems horrible in the U.S. And Trump is an idiot. Me: No doubt. Also can you explain why you support Brexit?Cab driver: Brown people, Muslims and Eastern Europeans are making us poor and unsafe. 
The people have already voted on Brexit. When will Remainers accept that, asks @asabenn 
If the UK can deport citizens of Caribbean descent who've been in the UK legally for decades, some are asking how anyone can believe the government's promises on EU immigrants' rights post-Brexit?  
He can’t. We can compel him. Question is if @commonsCMS will do so. When we can’t compel him:.... if he’s facing criminal charges. :) #CambridgeAnalytica #Brexit  
The most important Local issue is #StopBrexit.Do not pretend otherwiseVote Anti Brexit Pro Remain parties only.#ABTVStopBrexit Otherwise no money for anything.Shame on you. 
Where did Arron Banks' money and brexit-funding really come from? We still don't know, but @PeterKGeoghegan and @AdamRamsay are getting closer. Please support @opendemocracy to do the digging needed to protect democracy. 
British PM May faces embarrassing Brexit defeat in upper house  
Full video: Today's testimony of former Cambridge Analytica/SCL Group employee Brittany Kaiser on US elections, Brexit, alleged Israeli hacking of Nigerian politicians & more.  
In the last week alone, there have been two surveys showing a clear majority of the British public want a vote on the Brexit deal | My column for The Independent this week on the Peoples Vote UK campaign launch on Sunday.  
Delighted to welcome to the Strasbourg EP a group of London law students from Greenwich University. Little support for Brexit here and feel sorry they won't enjoy the many privileges of EU citizenship postBrexit I've always enjoyed!  
Plot to reverse Brexit DESTROYED as UK business REJECTS calls for second referendum  
Oh dear, yet more bad Brexit news. Will it ever end!  
Brexit metaphor number 6543  
Oh my goodness. Cc @damiancollins @commonscms and @carolecadwalla “David Cameron in the know [on Brexit] - I doubt it we also had Putin and Lenin!” - banks in 2015 #brexit  
Morrissey wants us to vote for Anne Marie Waters, thinks Hitler was a lefty, argues Brexit is a grand old thing, believes only ISIS can issue Halal certificates and is convinced that The Guardian is involved in a global conspiracy to make him sound mad.  
.@kezdugdale – Brexit is a big deal, not a done deal  
We'd be wise to listen to our friends & pay heed to our adversaries. NONE of our friends think #Brexit is a good idea. Not one. Even Pres. Trump now sees it as a danger to jobs & world trade. Meanwhile Putin is full of glee...Vote AGAINST pro-Brexit parties on May 3rd! #ABTV 
In Irish Referendum law an illegal overspend can ground a Petition to overturn the result (if brought shortly after overspend revealed), It's time to look at UK law, Could electoral law crimes overturn Brexit?  
Significant below-radar Brexit development last week.  The UK plans a big rewrite of significant chunks of EU Withdrawal Bill, following protests from peers and judges. Supreme Court chief Hale called the proposed bill "very unhelpful." Our story below:  
When Theresa May mentioned that she wanted to 'increase exports to the Caribbean after Brexit,' I didn't realise that she was talking about a number of British citizens who have been paying their taxes and contributing to society since the 1940's. 
The UK has gone from being one of the world's fastest growing advanced economies before the Brexit vote in 2016 — to one of the slowest, according to the latest IMF report  
Do you think moves toward Brexit are harmful to the UK and should stop? 
“How did Arron Banks afford Brexit?”  
Millstone & Lang summarise implications of UK Food Standards Agency restructuring key food work. We think bad timing and MPs should review it all before there’s trouble. Read: ‘Brexit and food – standards could get even worse’  via @ConversationUK 
#Brexit will do nothing but damage our relationship with other countries. #52brexitfacts. New figures show more than 1,000 life-saving NHS transplants in the past decade relied on the transport of organs across the Ireland-UK border. 
How the Windrush scandal connects with Brexit. My latest blog post just up:  h/ts @georgeeaton @IanDunt 
#BREAKING Spain's Supreme Court contravenes German judiciary and stresses there was violence on October 1 referendum  
Let’s pop over to #Brexit and see what’s happening...  
I refuse to surrender my pride in my country, to do so is to give in to those who would do it harm. I will not accept Brexit nor the racist, xenophobic agenda that drives it. 
A study by the University of Cambridge, which looked at “cognitive flexibility”, suggests people who backed Brexit are less flexible in the way they think... You don't say!  
Fool me once , shame on you , fool me twice , shame on me . Brexit is not the will of the people , it’s the usurpation of our democracy , our voice , our citizens rights . In the LE’s I won’t let labour hijack my vote as they did in GE17 . I’ll vote #ABTVStopBrexit 
President @EmmanuelMacron says 'solution to #Brexit is EU membership' with 'no cherrypicking... full access means full respect of freedoms.'  
Intense Ginger Bloke is telling me about his caravan club St George's Day meet up, where they plan to make the world's biggest St George cross out of caravans.It's the most #Brexit thing I've ever heard. 
I seem to have upset a number of Labour people by criticising their Brexit stance. Sorry, but I will continue to criticise it whilst it continues to be based on myth and misunderstanding over immigration. 
Every day until the anniversary of the Brexit vote on 23/6 we will be posting a picture from the #MarchForEurope  There are too many people from all across Scotland who came demanding #DemocracyOnBrexit, and they cannot be forgotten or ignored #AlwaysEuropean  
When @theresa_may was in charge of a border control fiasco (which ultimately strengthened the far-right and encouraged Brexit) she blamed customs officers and civil servants. Now she is trying to lump the Windrush travesty on "officials". It was caused by HER as home secretary  
Interview with me on @BBCr4today this morning about my evidence published yesterday by the Fake News Inquiry - starts at 2:33:00  #brexit #CambridgeAnalytica #sclgroup #scl #propaganda 
Ballot paper has arrived for those of us who vote by post this time for the 3millions EU residents  @The3Million it's the revenge of brexit I will not vote for obsolete labour nor corrupted  Tory but for @LibDems 
Brexit Britain slides down Europe’s economic league table  
Channel Tunnel chief optimistic on Brexit and confident that technology can solve most of the problems the Tunnel might face  
Want to ensure that the country gets a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal? Donate to the crowdfunder here:  
The plot to reverse Brexit is missing a key ally: UK business  
Brexit transition cliff-edge begins with the UK being kicked out of European Medicines at the start of transition. Many trade deals and other partnerships will also go at the start, not the end of transition. #transitioncliff  
In last year’s budget, the govt put aside £3bn to pay for Brexit 2017-19. Wouldn’t you rather that money was spent on the NHS instead? #StopBrexit #SaveOurNHS#ResisterSisters #Women4EU 
Click on Leave EU website currently and the first thing you are greeted with is a massive Go Skippy inviting you to enter your full details and car registration to *win* a trip to Australia. You know .... #justsayin #BrittanyKaiser #Data #Brexit  
Friends! Due to Brexit, the £ fell, making Our Imports more expensive!And now - also due to Brexit - it's risen sharply, making Our Exports less competitive!But when you point this out to Leavers, they just say 'you Remoaners blame everything on Brexit!'Talk about bigotry!  
Labour’s Brexit position made clear (courtesy of Private Eye)  
Thanks to @lunaperla for some plain common sense.#Brexit or the #NHS.Your choice. 
WATCH: @kezdugdale on @daily_politics today backing our campaign for a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal. Please RT:  
The weeks before the referendum, it is the picture I sometimes show when I give talks on Euroscepticism #immigration #euroscepticism 
“She is not going to convince me, or the 17.4 million people who voted for Brexit. We already had our democratic say” @Ella_M_Whelan on @Kezdugdale “anti-democratic demand” call for a 2nd EU referendum #bbcdp 
Anyone who thinks the Home Office is in a fit state to deal with the post-Brexit residency rights of the 3 million EU citizens who are legally in the UK needs to have a good hard think about the fact they've been imprisoning and deporting #Windrush Brits 'by mistake'. 
UK govt plans to strip me of my EU citizenship, reducing me, against my will, to a mere subject of the Queen. This is one outcome of a referendum, achieved by concerted disinformation efforts and illegal funding. There's something familiar about this.... 
Breaking NewsBrexit Not the End of the WorldUK Employment at all-time highUnemployment rate lowest since 1975Wages in Feb +2.8%Note: Same doom and gloom crowd that doesn't want America to fight back against unfair trade said UK would sink into Atlantic Ocean. #Justsaying 
45/ Collins asks about Breitbart UK data used in referendum. US Breitbart data was used in US campaign. Issues around using media data for political. A thread for follow-up. Hoo boy. 
Our second edition @EveningStandard as a Cambridge Analytica whistleblower tells MPs today that Brexit campaigners may have hacked drivers’ insurance data  
Morrissey yearning for the good old days of the Krays. Good British murders. Gangs with shirts and ties, stabbings and shootings in pubs with Union Jack bunting and a Queen Vic bust on the bar. Pint glass in somebody's face. Roll on Brexit!  
From Russia to the far-right, to Bannon to Brexit, I’ve been proven right.Thank you to everyone who supported my crowdfunded work and propped my morale all the way through.We did a good thing and never got distracted by shiny things.Thank you. 
Of course the BBC canned a programme looking at people’s opposition to Brexit - they had to make space in the schedule for a special programme…#brexitbroadcastingcorporation#biasedBBC 
 George Orwell understood well how the ruling elites distorted reality to entrench their own positions of power. #Iraq #Libya #Syria #Skripal #Brexit #Corbyn #Israel #antisemitism #Catalonia 
We are now two months away from the second anniversary of the Brexit vote. So what happened to the apocalypse, asks Ross Clark:  
Brittany Kaiser, a former Cambridge Analytica director, told MPs that the misuse of data between Arron Banks’s businesses and  was “rife”.#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit #VoteEU 
The Brexit Politicians are claiming that the worst-off people in this country would choose ideology over their financial welfare...Unforgivable.  
We aren't edging towards #brexit! Remember we HAVE a vote on May 3rd - use it to send a message! don't vote Tory or Labour - vote for a #remain party & send a message that we are serious about a #FinalSay! #ABTVtoStopBrexit #ABTV 
The #Brexit process alone is costing £3bn over the next 2yrs. All that money for a fantasy with no known benefits that'll make us all poorer & close off avenues of opportunity for young people.Register to vote TODAY & send a message on May 3rd by voting anti-#Brexit #ABTV #NHS 
Reminder:EU's lackeys, hirelings, lickspittles and toadies told us by now we'd be:Deep in recession ans with 800,000 jobs lost.Actual Result:No recession.400,000 MORE jobs.#ProjectFear has crashed and burnt!Don't believe a word the scaremongers sayViva Brexit!  
UK businesses do NOT want a Second Referendum! 
Windrush generation case fuels fears over EU citizens' fate post-Brexit  
ConLab are denying us a #FinalSay. We have one opportunity to use our votes to say No! to #Brexit, and that's on May 3. Vote for pro-EU parties. Ask friends, relatives and colleagues to do the same. #StopBrexit #VoteEU #ABTV 
Really disheartened to see the amount of visible No voters for the upcoming #RepealThe8th abortion referendum- people do realise this is about giving a choice right? Democracy & human rights are about choice. 
This, as I understand it, is the latest move in a chess game between the devolved governments and the Westminster government with the nominal prize being who exercises certain powers repatriated from the EU on Brexit.  
Extreme walloping and Granite Brexit needed.  
Says the who not only failed to back her own party and the majority of the country, on #brexit, but is also actively joining her parties opposition to disrupt her own party. #Abbottlogic 
THE head of Cambridge Analytica, the company at the centre of the data scandal, is to be questioned by an SNP MP over claims he “pitched for work” in the run up to the Scottish independence referendum when he appears before a House of Commons committee later this month. 
He's a beef, soft fruit & root vegetable farmer. No, he works for Airbus. No, he's a commercial airliner pilot. No, he's all three. And he has a degree from Imperial College, London. No wonder such a human dynamo is excited to embrace the Global Britain of Brexit  
Brexit will finally allow us to end the suffering caused by live animal exports  
What will you be doing on the 2nd anniversary of the referendum?I'll be marching in London for a #PeoplesVote along with 100s of 1000s of dedicated Remainers.Don't miss it! Join me! @BremainInSpain @_Britain4Europe @euromove @OFOCBrexit @Scientists4EU 
Theresa May was the sole cabinet minister to block a unilateral offer to EU citizens that they could remain in Britain in the days following the referendum. Let the scales fall from your eyes, Conservatives thrive on being the #NastyParty #WindrushScandal 
This is a very important piece of reporting on @Arron_banks - very. #Brexit and the kind of questions @CommonsCMS should be asking 
17/ graphic testimony by Kaiser of seeing 20+ people in Go Skippy (Eldon Insurance - Arron Banks' company) call centre calling customers/leads and asking them their attitudes about Brexit. I saw it "with my own eyes" 
Macron replies to Q from Tory MEP-does France want close relationship with UK after Brexit? “I believe in having the closest relationship and friendship with UK, buts that’s what you have now inside the EU” Made it clear there’s no cherrypicking outside EU 
As Theresa May speaks out against LGBT discrimination in the Commonwealth, take a moment to remember that she supported Section 28, and that only last month, her government outed Brexit whistleblower Shahmir Sanni. 
Macron asked what relationship he wants with UK after #Brexit."I’m in favour of the closest relationship. It already exists – it’s called membership of the European Union. There’s no cherry-picking in the single market. I believe in Europe, therefor I believe in what we've done" 
Well, I hope all of you people who voted for Brexit are thoroughly ashamed of yourselves today. #DespiteBrexit 
.@ChukaUmunna tells us why Brexit, to him, is PERSONAL! It affects his children, niece, nephew, aunts - it goes to the heart of his family! Hence he is fighting for a #PeoplesVote ! 
"The whole of Romania"?Next time someone tells you that Brexit is mostly right-wing Tories, show them this gobshite's tweets.  
Certain people on the left seem to love David Lammy when he talks about #Windrush but ignore him when he talks about Brexit. The two are *not* disconnected. 
Unemployment at record low not seen since 1975.Pound nearly back at the level seen at the time of the 2016 EU Referendum.Pound at high against the Dollar.Wages finally on the increase.Exports massively up.Foreign investment is up.Meanwhile Remainers claim disaster! 
The only good thing that’ll come out of Brexit will be the destruction of the careers and reputations of all those who supported it. That’ll be the main players in this government and Jeremy Corbyn.For the general public this will be scant consolation for the hardships. 
Eldon customers were called by  employees to flog Brexit...  
Unemployment down again in last quarter and employment up. Despite Brexit of course! 
Ex-Cambridge Analytica director Brittany Kaiser says she believes the firm's work in the Brexit campaign wasn't reported by anyone including UKIP, Leave EU and the firm itself  
Brittany Kaiser on whether Cambridge Analytica's Brexit work was properly disclosed to election authorities. "No sir, I don't believe our work was reported by anyone." 
Tory MEP rather lets the cat out of the bag on reality of Brexit.Asks Macron if “given close alliance of France and UK” over many years he could secure bespoke, special arrangements for the UK post-Brexit.Pretty please.Direct appeal to Mr Le Président for cakeism. 
#Welsh govt taking Assembly to courtUK govt taking Welsh govt to court#Labour abstaining on votes#Tories deporting British citizens#Syria #Brexit #Windrush Mess up of epic proportions & ppl say we're better off voting for either of the 2 main donkeysGod, give me strength 
It's still not at all clear where Arron Banks got the millions he flooded into the Brexit campaign:  - by @PeterKGeoghegan & @AdamRamsay 
Brexit:  figure praised 'clever' Nazi tactics 
Brexit: May 'blocked unilateral offer for EU citizens' rights' last June  
BREAKING: Brittany Kaiser's written evidence has explosive new claims about Breitbart's relationship with Cambridge Analytica. Company had "exclusive rights to re-sell Breitbart engagement data". Steve Bannon key role in both orgs. Major new qs about Bannon & Brexit...  
The economic cost of Brexit:- Every household £850 to £1,700 worse off.- 950,000 job losses by 2020.- £100 billion loss to the economy. - £40 billion in extra government spending cuts.Because of Brexit, we’ve got our recession back and we’re losing control of our economy.  
Great Graphic!!Brexit isn't working - as UK losing health workers. HT @JamesMelville 
They are throwing everything they can get their hands on at us: Syrian 'chemical attack', Salisbury 'poisoning', Russian 'aggression', Ant, Windrush, #celebs who talk bollocks, sports - anything to keep derailed #Brexit and the paedophile scandals away from the #news 
The zealots will sleepwalk us into Brexit if we let them  
"The treatment of the Windrush generation by the British government’s immigration authorities is “deeply worry” for EU citizens who face disruption to their lives from #Brexit, the European Parliament’s Brexit chief has warned." 
The treatment of immigrants has been a policy decision. My tactical vote in the GE17 was hijacked by labour to support Brexit. Not this time. I'm not voting labour for the first time in my life. In the LE's vote remain party , vote #ABTVtoStopBrexit & ensure a  #PeoplesVote 
5 years in the making and I get a bloody post-brexit silver play button!  #notmyyoutube - Seriously though thanks to everyone who made this happen, I’ll make a little video about it later today.  
"Hardline leavers recognise that transition is a lethal trap for the remain cause." Superb, spot on piece on Brexit and attention spans, by @rafaelbehr 
Bill Whiteford on GMS this morning fell over himself to go back and correct his "Scottish Government's" Brexit Bill to "Scottish Parliament's" and good for him. Ten minutes later the headline was "Scottish Government's". They either know and don't care or can't help themselves. 
Today's "Pound recovers to pre-Brexit strength" story only refers to the £/$ rate. Against the arguably more important (for Brexit) £/€ rate, the £ remains about as flat as it has been since the referendum. The £ isn't strengthening. The $ is weakening.  
“No Irish Need Apply” to Northern Ireland border Brexit jobs Oh look Brexit is taking us back to the 1960's just like brexiters wanted. 'No Blacks, No Irish...... 
This government is failing young people. They are destroying their opportunities with Brexit, they are running their public services into the ground, and they are denying them the right to have a home of their own. Frankly, young people deserve better.  
Brexit is a big deal, not a done deal and it is too important for politicians alone to decide, which is why we should have a People’s Vote on the final Brexit deal.Join the #PeoplesVote campaign today & RT:  
Sadly, Labour, too, has played a role in creating this "hostile environment"  - by not taking a stand against a profoundly divisive, immoral but populist movement like Brexit, and not acting sooner on its own internal issues, like anti-Semitism.  
Another of the Doom Monger myths put to rest Pound climbs to highest since Brexit vote - BBC News  
Pound climbs to highest level since #Brexit vote  
That pretty much covers it. No mandate for Brexit in Scotland, no mandate for Tory rule, they want to overrule the Scottish Parliament. Remember, the most powerful devolved parliament in all the whole world? How powerful is it if the UK Supreme Court can overrule it? #VassalState 
Brexit in one-minute: Why the hell does the British govt keep losing?  
71% of respondents to this survey called for a public vote on the final Brexit vote. Make your voice heard - sign up for an #exitfrombrexit 
I’m a Leftie. Have been a left activist since I was 15. But here, now, in the UK, I have no group or party other than Remain  as a whole. It is a full time job navigating the best way to fight Brexit and dissect the news in order to understand which direction to move in next 
Oh my God! @mrjamesob said it! May IS a racist. That's why she's on the Brexit train now. She saw it as her opportunity to do a bit of 'cleansing'.The Conservative party is institutionally racist. 
Still getting to know who Theresa May is?Theresa May was the sole cabinet minister to block a unilateral offer to EU citizens that they could remain in Britain in the days following the referendum 
Legal challenge to devolved Brexit bills  
UK: Project Fear wrong AGAIN as pound hits HIGHEST level since referendum ahead of trade talks  
@mrjamesob The more I learn about the Windrush generation and how they were/are being treated by the government, the less confident I am by the reassuranes given to the EU citizens post #Brexit. I might be paranoid and exaggerating but that's how I feel. 
Macron: “no rebate after Brexit”. If we’re no longer a member this must be a reference to budget contributions during transition and afterwards. Logical conclusion is our contributions will be more outside the EU than within it. 
Today is the last day to register to vote in Local Elections. Brexit is a local issue and will effect many communities across the country. Use the LE2018 to send a message to both pro Brexit Parties. We won’t vote for you unless you give us a #PeoplesVote. #ABTVtoStopBrexit 
$/£1.437, highest since #Brexit vote, unemployment rate 4.2% (December-February), lowest since 1975. Cautiously optimistic.  
Shocking to hear of stories like this.The @Conservatives have consistently failed to guarantee the rights of EU citizens.The @libdems are the only party standing up for EU citizens. Make your voice heard on May 3, by voting for the only party actively campaigning against #Brexit.  
Since everyone wants to talk about THE POUND again, here's where trade-weighted sterling is at.Bottom line: the pound has recovered about half its post-Brexit losses. But it's still a way below 2015 highs, miles below pre-crisis highs, at around its 2009-13 average.  
My daughter got into her first choice primary school yesterday. Perhaps we should thank #Brexit - the “explosion” in pupil numbers, fuelled by high migrant births is down, esp in London  
Pound climbs to highest since Brexit vote  
Andy Wigmore of Leave EU admits that #Brexit was sold to us using Nazi propaganda techniques. Let's be clear about this, Nazi propaganda techniques & not just the message they conveyed, were designed to inculcate Nazi attitudes.#StopBrexit #FBPE #ABTV 
#Macron outlining his vision for the future of Europe to the European Parliament There are many ideas for the future of the EU, they need consensus of Member States to go forward. But if we #brexit, UK will no longer have an input, nor a veto, on future of our continent  
Theresa Villiers on why Brexit freedoms are good for animal welfare: All attempts to restrict or ban live animal exports have been blocked by the European Court on the basis that it would be contrary to EU rules on free movement of goods.   
Plot to reverse Brexit DESTROYED as UK business REJECTS calls for second referendum  
I've lived in London half my life. UK citizen a third of it.Accepted an honour from the  Queen. Been deputy chair of the @britishmuseum.To @cnni  (1200 BST) to discuss #windrush and the question:"What does it mean to be British.. today?"#Windrush#Brexit 
UK business rejects Remainer calls for second EU referendum  
Given the disgrace of the Windrush scandal, and the fact that it’s now abundantly clear that the Brexit vote was won not just by lies but by straightforward criminality, it’s only right that Theresa May and her entire government have just resigned. Oh, hang on. Nope. Still there. 
Important German newspaper, the FAZ, says that Spain cannot prove that public monies were 'misused' to hold the Catalan referendum—and that's precisely what Spain is trying to get a German judge to extradite Puigdemont for.  
Pound reaches $1.4377, its strongest level since the day of the result of the Brexit vote  
Appearance & reality of post Brexit ‘Global Britain’ exposed in the cruel & vicious consequences of policies authored by @theresa_may. Matched only by grotesque incompetence of 10 Downing Street refusing to meet Caribbean leaders on this issue just ahead of Commonwealth Summit! 
The waves really must be reaching this hideous Brexit sandcastle now for @BBCr4today to acknowledge this... 
#Brexit Owen Jones &  Kevin Maguire worst two journalists in . Both backed Labour lost, both backed Hillary Clinton lost, both backed stay in EU lost. Why are two dweebs on TV & Radio everyday talking bollocks both.  Stop putting them on boring us all to death.     
Nothing to see here, just Ireland’s deputy PM publicly warning that if we don’t get the border issue resolved in the next nine weeks we probably won’t have a Brexit deal ready in time for our departure, as you were  
It seems to have sunk in that the immediate reaction to the referendum was silly.  
In Spain not only can you support a dictator Francisco Franco Foundation, but also can enjoy fiscal benefits if you do so. But if you spend just one cent on a referendum you go to jail.  
@ChukaUmunna tells us why, to him, Brexit is PERSONAL! It affects his entire family - young and old! One reason why he is fighting for a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit Deal!  
As parliament hears evidence of Cambridge Analytica / Brexit links, its a good time to remind yourself of the other outstanding big question - where did the money to pay for Brexit campaigning come from?  
Instead of having a frank & open discussion on mass immigration the government just ignore the concerns of British people & try to label it hate speech to shut down all debate. This is 1 reason why Brits voted for Brexit & concerns won’t be going away  
READ: Ireland has warned there will be no Brexit withdrawal treaty and no transition agreement unless Britain comes up with acceptable wording as a “backstop” solution to the Irish border question in the event of no deal.  
Crime is now more important to British voters than the economy:Top 5 issues as chosen by voters (change since start of 2018)1. Brexit 56% (-4)2. Health 44% (-9)3. Immigration 28% (-)4. Crime 27% (+16)5. Economy 25% (-5)YouGov April 2018 
Prediction from my anti-Brexit book out in early June. If Brexit happens, Mr Farage will join the Conservative party & seek to become its leader. It entirely corresponds to his strategy since starting out as an ardent young Thatcherite 
Brexit will finally allow us to end the suffering caused by live animal exports, says former Cabinet minister Theresa Villiers  
Sadiq Khan is not fit for purpose as London Mayor...Broke all his election promises.We have a virtue signalling figure with no clue.If there was a referendum atleast 80 percent of Londoners would want him to leave his post .SADIQ KHAN PLEASE RESIGNYOU ARE A DISGRACE  
MAD: Pro-EU Lords to push for UK to remain inside Customs Union.They don’t want Brexit Britain to be able to negotiate global trade deals. Crazy!  
Wetherspoons to close down social media accounts  via @bdaily. Wetherspoons didn’t like the feedback, so they are going to try not listening to see if that works. It won’t. Boycott Brexit promoting firms like Wetherspoons.Stop Brexit.#FBPE 
GOOD NEWSThe value of the pound is firmly above $1.43 as it recovers from the slump caused by the Brexit vote. Against the Euro yesterday, the pound was 0.2% higher than its close last week at €1.1569. So far, the UK has the best-performing currency in the G10 this year.  
The @BBCNews is today running a bullshit story about how well the pound has been doing since the referendum. Here’s the graph they forgot to include.(Graph from ) pic.twitter.com/HpqhV2Celv 
If I was a Brexit campaigner and I had conducted a massively racist campaign I’d avoid giving an interview in which I dismiss the holocaust as “that kind of stuff” and then go onto lavish praise on the Nazis. But I guess I’m just quirky. 
Good piece by @rafaelbehr on the clear danger that we sleepwalk to Brexit - and the diminished country which lies beyond it. Parliament, Labour in particular, needs to wake up, press for a @peoplesvote_uk - and then fight to stay in!  https//: 
Fortune awaits fly on wall for PM’s audience with the Queen this week on Windrush. Remember, Commonwealth was at heart of Mrs May’s ‘Empire 2.0’ strategy post Brexit 
"If the UK does end up leaving the EU, the referendum result will be only half the reason. The other half will be a parliament that knew Britain was going the wrong way, yet couldn’t be bothered to lead the way back." @rafaelbehr on Brexit fatigue.  
One of the most pernicious aspects of the Leave campaign were the promises thrown to non-EU immigrants that Brexit would improve their position that were swiftly dumped afterwards. A study in malicious dishonesty that divided immigrant communities against each other. 
Pound climbs to highest level since Brexit vote  
David Lidington says the sheer number of cases has been part of the #Windrush problem - there must be many less than 57,000.I’m sure 3 million EU citizens are feeling really confident about the government ability to sort their status come #Brexit 
We've started our crowd funding campaign to keep Brexit Record going over the next critical months. Essential for people to know effects of Brexit in their sector and local community. Here's the page. RTs would be great. Thanks  
With Britain less than a year away from leaving the European Union, but yet to secure any new trade deals, London is eyeing former colonies for help fill its post-Brexit trading hole.  
BBC drops documentary on anti-Brexit campaignWould have lost a lot of Licence Payers if they had shown it! 
Brexit means... talented Brits becoming Dutch. You're very welcome!  
Lindsay Anderson would be 93 today,he would no doubt have had a stoic takeon all that is going on,Trump,Brexit etc He would have kept me amused for hours over one of his overcooked lamb chops!I miss him terribly @thewhitebus @KimCattrall @RobertLindsay @ferrifrump @DerrenLitten 
Column: the shifting balance of being bothered about Brexit, in which Theresa May sees Banquo's ghost. Almost.  
Major breakthrough yesterday when @MailOnline covered Cambridge Analytica & @LeaveEUOfficial story. This morning, big coverage on @BBCr4today. Coming up: Brittany Kaiser - giving evidence to parliament later - on what Cambridge Analytica did for Brexit 
Fake news inquiry raises concerns over targeting of voters in Brexit referendum  
A Brexit tactician for  admits using "very clever" Nazi techniques  pic.twitter.com/KeFr1Ums7J 
A sensible and rational UK government, acting in the public interest, would delay Brexit until there was a long-term sustainable solution to all the issues presented by the Irish border, rather than just hoping something will turn up in the transition period.But. 
As more comes out about far right links of Brexit campaigns, the more worrying it is for future of British politics if we Brexit. Struck by the racism and violence of much social media reaction to BBC’s Enoch Powell broadcast, esp from some Brexit activists 
Good morning Rockall, fellow sentient geographical feature. It’s ne’er thought I that the day would dawn when I would envy your buffeting by the winds of the Atlantic, for they are at least nature’s will, while I am storm-tossed by the cold gusts of cruel Brexit’s uncaring gales  
Nauseating How the Brexit campaign squeaked a win - hate not hope, unleashing inflammatory bigotry and prejudice  
“Junqueras’s contention that the Catalan Government used no public funds to pay for the referendum, was confirmed by Spanish Treasury Minister Cristobal Montoro” while Spanish judge accuses him of misuse of public money (to hold a VOTE!)  
The issue is worse than a mere case of referendum cheating.If the Leave campaign was willing to lie, cheat, defraud, steal, manipulate and stoke racial hatred in order to 'win' a vote......then what would such a movement do when it is running and reshaping the country? 
Oops! Pound rises to post-Brexit referendum high, GBP/USD shorty hit 1.4354.  
Plot to reverse Brexit DESTROYED as UK business REJECTS calls for second referendum  #Brexit #UK #Business #EU 
Asia stocks failed to follow Wall St rally. Edging lower, but off lows after solid #China GDP data. Trade tensions dent risk appetite after WSJ article stated that US is considering fresh trade complaint against China on cloud computing. Pound rises to post-Brexit referendum high  
In #Burundi, government forces and ruling party members have killed, beaten and intimidated perceived opponents of May 17 constitutional referendum that would allow President Nkurunziza to prolong his rule until 2034. New @hrw report:  
Here’s a combo video of 5 #leave voters talking about why they changed their minds & are #remainernow & why they demand a #peoplesvote on the brexit deal.Followers will be familiar with @jdlarwood @HughNorris7 & @Will_DryOFOC but 2 new faces/voices too 
The BBC is supposedly worried about appearing biased in the brexit debate... I hear Nigel Farage will make his 33rd appearance on Question Time to explain the BBC’s position...  
BBC scrapped film they were making on Brexit, including Anna Soubry & me, in further lurch towards #BrexitBroadcastingCorporation 
Fintan O’Toole: Was the DUP involved in Brexit campaign fraud?  via @IrishTimesOpEd 
#FinalSayForAll #WATONThe only immigration problems in the UK are being caused by It's own government or Brexit  
Anti-war protester: “There should have been a referendum on whether to go to war! They are asking us to go to war with no evidence.” 
Who needs ammo when Labour abstain on Tory welfare cuts, Hard Brexit, Corbyn whipping MPs to not vote agaibst leaving the single market? Racism in the Labour party, Corbyn failing to kick out the bigots? Trident renewal, bedroom tax, NHS being run into crapper in Wales by Labour?  
Not for the first time, David Halliday has hit the nail on the head with this tweet -"If not having an independence referendum before 2021 is sensible then why has Ruth Davidson been fighting so hard to make sure that that's what happens?"  
British businesses aren't backing a second Brexit vote  
Data-driven demagoguery discovered in dark ads bought with dark money in American election of 2016. Echoes revelations published in today from @EmmaLBriant’s research recordings from Brexit referendum. What a mess.  
We are currently in the grip of a disgusting populism & its handmaidens xenophobia & racism. Brexit is the prime example of this. MPs can see the corrosive & destructive effects that go far beyond the economy. Like David Lammy, they must speak out & act to save us from ourselves  
Well. Well. Well. Cambridge Analytica And Brexit. Evidence from across the pond.  
Pound touches strongest level since Brexit ahead of trade talks 
Brexit in microcosm. Brexiteer UK MEP blocks leading EU Law Professor.  
Question: Is talking impeachment inspiring Republicans to turnout? "Nov 2018 is a referendum on this President. The question is not how to prevent Republicans from voting, but how are we going to inspire people to turnout for their values." - @TomSteyer #SteyerTownhall 
Sell Brexit to millennials by taking away their £20 weekend breaks and replacing them with holidays needing guaranteed paid vacation and £600 available to drop on a flight halfway across the world.  
Whenever you think "oh #Brexit is inevitable,let's just accept it" think of thisIt doesn't get better after Brexit, the xenophobes & alt-right populists don't go back in their boxBrexit is a stain on this country, and on *any* politician who enables it 
Disappointed that all NDP, AP & Liberal MLAs just voted to defeat my private members bill that would have expanded the Taxpayer Protection Act to require a referendum before the carbon tax can be increased, or a carbon tax introduced in the future. 
*This* is how to give a speech in anger.David - I am so very saddened you have to give speeches like this. But I’m so glad that on this (and Brexit too) you’re one of the relentless ones holding May’s deeply unpleasant government to account.  
I was thinking of doing one of those serious @mikegalsworthy to-camera pieces about being a Brexit-tormented border and then I realised I have no camera. Or hands. Or face. His are good though. 
Brexit fan Andrew Marr at it again on his show this week. #Marr told Sir Patrick Stewart the £350m a week from leaving the EU could still go to the NHS. He knows diminished tax revenues directly due to Brexit are much more than our EU contribution. #BrexitBroadcastingCorporation 
Former Attorney General Dominic Grieve, said he was "very sympathetic" to the idea of second referendum on the final terms of the Brexit deal. "My view is that it may be impossible to resolve this issue without a further public consultation" #PeoplesVote 
.@theresa_may's Tories are playing a sinister game of Monopoly. With their toxic #Brexit, disdain for democracy & #HostileEnvironment for migrants, they've gone straight past Go, collected loads of dosh, gone beyond their #NastyParty image & are approaching Nazi status. TURN BACK 
Wetherspoon is good analogy for Brexit. The Brexiters think they will be the customers, cheap food, cheap beer and all the girls you can want for the price of a bacardi breezer. However they will be the staff, under paid, over worked and abused so the boss can make a quick quid. 
I can’t remember who said it before, but I’m not afraid to lose friends over this referendum. Can’t trust a friend who’d force someone into a terrifying situation because of an irrelevant personal discomfort. Not looking for fights but willing to have them. 
I have so much respect for @DavidLammy. The way he has conducted himself over the past few years - on Windrush, Grenfell, Brexit, and so much more - has been exemplary.The interview he did with @mrjamesob gave a great insight into him and his character. 
I'm about to go to bed. I'm in no fit state to go to bed except I'm exhausted. I'm so steamed up about what's happened to the Windrush children. I feel like this almost every day in this sodding apology for a country. It's usually Brexit. Today it's Windrush. I hope I can sleep. 
If you're angry at Theresa May, Jeremy Corbyn & what #Brexit is doing to our country, hold on to your anger and vote #LibDems and #Greens on May 3rd. #FinalSayForAll #PeoplesVote 
Brexit comms director recorded admitting campaign used 'very clever' Nazi propaganda techniques pic.twitter.com/xMiE9sa7mi 
Lawmakers publish evidence that Cambridge Analytica work helped Brexit group  
Anybody else noticing that the prominent Brexit spokespeople are sounding more and more shrill and more and more desperate?#StopBrexit#ABTV#FBPE 
The people have already voted on Brexit. When will Remainers accept that?    
Sean Hannity Is Named as Client of Cohen, Trump Lawyer   via @NYTimesWell this is telling. That would seem to raise someone else’s degree of likely involvement in all of this to an all new level, especially adding in Brexit and worldwide implications.  
Brexit summed up:Leavers: wages are depressed by over supply of labour.Remainers: that's bollocks, you don't know what you're talking about.Outcome: Remainers wrong yet again.  
With Britain less than a year away from leaving the European Union, but yet to secure any new trade deals, London is eyeing former colonies for help fill its post-Brexit trading hole.  
this is brexit britain  
Full house at our Brexit meeting tonight. Excellent panel of speakers and well moderated by @vincentbrowne 
#brexit is supposedly about allowing Britain take control over its own borders. Except it already has control over its own borders. And is patently incapable of controlling them.  
Thread: What Brexiters really want is an escape from the complexity of the modern world. They want simplicity. That's why they won't engage with details and prefer to live in a fantasy world about #Brexit#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Why the harsh treatment of the #Windrush children will sound alarm bells for the 3 million EU citizens living in the UK who worry about their fate post-Brexit...    via @hrw pic.twitter.com/tEax78xh4t 
Remind me  wasn't the rationale for #Brexit to "restore Parliamentary sovereignty". How does that square with May taking life and death decisions on #Syria without asking Parliament? 
@CPC_HQ leader @AndrewScheer and his campaign manager #HamishMarshall who founded #Rebel #StillNotMedia associate with neo-nazis... and he recently met with the #Brexit and #Trump teams too. Hmm... they also said they need to ignite emotions or else they'll lose. Hmm  #cdnpoli 
You’re right Dan once a scandal has been unearthed and it has been roundly decried as unjust and illegal. It is time for ministers to listen and change policy. So let’s cancel Brexit now,that’s what is meant to happen.  
“Academic” has handed over internal research to government (she can never be trusted in her field again) BUT it does prove Cambridge Analytica had nothing to do with Brexit. Hard luck, @carolecadwalla!!! 
Nah the sugar tax law even grabbed the ribena dilute, I'm gonna leave this fucking country before brexit clears I swear 
Why is this not concerning to Leave voters?You'd think they'd be pissed about having their vote manipulated by subterfuge but nope - they just scream "Brexit means Brexit" and maintain a blind allegiance with those who continue to dupe them. 
Click on it, but don't read it, perhaps ?I only suggest this, because the number of visits to that page will be monitored, so if there is an increased amount of visits to anti-brexit stories, - and so more advertising revenue, - then they may feel less shy about covering them ! 
If I had voted for Brexit, I would be absolutely furious at the information that has come to light since the referendum.My side may have lost, but I’ll never have it on my conscience that I voted for Brexit.  
"Ireland has warned there will be no Brexit withdrawal treaty and no transition agreement unless Britain comes up with acceptable wording as a “backstop” solution to the Irish border question in the event of no deal."#Brexitshambles 
My evidence has just been published by the UK @CommonsCMS Fake News Inquiry here:  #CambridgeAnalytica #SCL #emerdata #brexit This was not easy but it was my public responsibility as an academic and matter of personal conscience to submit to the inquiry. 
I had a visit today w/ one my heroes - George Mitchell. We discussed #Ireland after #Brexit & politics in the North & the Republic. His peacemaking efforts saved lives & gave new hope. I’m so proud to know him.  
Ousted Catalan vicepresident says no public money was used to pay the  referendum on Oct 1st  If he's right, could any democracy accept the turnout of a private poll (privately casted) to backup a secession?@CNN @BBC @ONU_derechos @euronews @nytimes 
We are the only site recording the true impact of Brexit. Please help fund this vital work.… 
We polled young people on their thoughts about #Brexit, and the results were fascinating...  
You either want to run your own affairs or you don’t. That’s why I believe, that with a mandated pro independence majority in the Scottish Parliament, there should be a referendum on Scottish independence within the next 18 months.  
An important, well reasoned intervention that'll be listened to by many Tory Parliamentarians. I agree a #finalsay referendum with option to #ExitFromBrexit actually offers May a way out of an increasingly deep hole she's digging.  via @BIUK_Politics 
Just a quick thing,This #FBPE thing has FILLED my Timeline with the Warmest, Kindest, Funniest and most Intelligent people imaginable.And that combination, above all else, is why we will STOP this idiotic 'brexit' ! - and THANKYOU !  - And Keep It Up ! #StopBrexit 
". .public opposition to govt treatment of Windrush migrants strongest among over-65s", says Dunt.The same over-65s who voted overwhelmingly for #Brexit & so had to spend the next year being told by Dunt how "racist" they were.  
Fake news inquiry raises concerns over targeting of voters in Brexit referendum  
We're setting a really low bar on decency in this country at the moment but #Windrush has plumbed new depths.Do you trust the Tories with EU citizens rights after Brexit....or with yours for that matter? 
Tory MP Dominic Grieve: "My view is that it may be impossible to resolve this issue without a further public consultation," #StopBrexit #Brexit #VoteEU #FinalSay 
Yes, just released by parliament, here's CEO of Cambridge Analytica parent group, explaining how brilliant Brexit has been before business. That's the Brexit work they've been denying for the past year (& suing @guardian) over fyi. 
Theresa May may have to call a new Brexit referendum, says senior Tory MP.May could be left with few other options if parliament rejects her final deal later this year, says Dominic Grieve MP.Hold a #PeoplesVote to #StopBrexit and #Remain in the EU.  
Lawmakers publish evidence that Cambridge Analytica work helped Brexit group  
The people have already voted on Brexit. When will Remainers accept that?  
Govt have no answer to #Brexit & Irish border Issue. German frgn minister now publicly supports Irish government’s refusal to accept the return of a hard border in Ireland after Brexit. DD take note - no Irish border deal, no deal at all #FBPE 
A huge difference between the #Brexit referendum campaign and a #FinalSay is that in the former we had Cameron, May, Corbyn and a heap of politicians who are now Leavers as leaders. In the #PeoplesVote we would have a mass grassroots campaign and enthusiastic leaders.#StopBrexit 
"“Brexit will affect everybody in the country, which is why it should not be left to 650 politicians to decide our future but 65 million people."  
Good luck to this. Anything which helps get out the truth of what Brexit means has to be welcomed as we fight for a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal .  
Theresa May must face reality of failing to address Irish Brexit concerns – @MaryLouMcDonald  
The simple fact is that Theresa May is so desperate for a free trade deal with America b/c of Brexit, she will do anything Donald Trump says, no matter how many lives are put into jeopardy from bombing Syria. #SyriaStatement 
both sides KNOW that abortions will still happen regardless of the outcome of the referendum. what the anti choice side is campaigning for is unsafe abortion. #repealthe8th 
One day our kids will study this speech by @DavidLammy as a seminal moment in the dark period of British history, in the post-EU referendum era. "When you lie with dogs, you get fleas and this is what has happened with the far right rhetoric of this country."  
Brexiteer @JuliaHB1 shuts down Treacherous Remainer @campbellclaret l rant with BRUTAL point about Brexit  
Don’t worry, I’m sure Wetherspoons deleting its ENTIRE social media presence is entirely normal practice and absolutely NOTHING whatsoever to do with their connection to Vote Leave, the recent allegations of data sharing and the other shady Brexit organisations... pic.twitter.com/welMfaNw05 
#Eusuperheroes no.44 is #DominicGrieve MP"He has been a persisent parliamentary voice questioning the legality of Brexit and his own Tory Government."Checkout our other heroes, and nominate your own: 
"Didn't Vote" Side Set For Landslide Victory In 8th Referendum  
.@HughRBennett challenges @ClaireHanna: "If you're saying people were misled in the original referendum, where are the half a million job losses? Where is the recession? We were lied to by the Remain campaign and they charged us £9m of taxpayers' money for the privilege."  
Every single time a public vote has gone against the EU, the EU has found a way to get around it. It's the fundamental test of whether the EU is a democratic organisation if a nation is allowed to leave - but the second referendum is trying to stop that, warns @HughRBennett 
Yes, Chuka, you represent a constituency where the majority voted to Remain, at a UK-wide referendum that was not held on constituency grounds and where every adult, man (you included) or woman had an equal say in the result. The result? 52% voted for the UK to Leave the EU. 
I've signed up to demand a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal - will you join me?  
Remainers Brexit nightmare continues.Two in five UK businesses will look to begin exporting in next six months  via @CityAM 
Was there a single Leave campaign that was not crooked? Was anything said by Leave true? Don’t tell me that there is a mandate to leave the EU when the referendum result is founded on a mountain of lies, built by frauds & cheats, funded by God-knows-who’s money. #BrexitisFraud 
You listen to the people regarding #Brexit @ChukaUmunna but not the 75% of people who don't support the bombing of Syria? People can see through your bullshit and know that you and many other Blarites warmongers are using this as a way to destabilise Labour. You are a selfish git 
Windrush is a portent of brexit things to come. We welcome people to this country, they build their lives and families here, then a brutal government casts them aside in an attempt to meet a futile target. How can we be trusted now? What has happened to Britain?  
Windrush scandal 'deeply worrying' for EU citizens who fear similar post-Brexit treatment, says Guy Verhofstadt   
‘Lawmakers publish evidence that Cambridge Analytica work helped Brexit group’‘The lawmakers were also critical of (’s) Wigmore and Oakes for speaking in admiring terms about Nazi propaganda techniques’ 
Ireland warns of perils of failing to agree Brexit 'backstop' solution on border  
#Windrush scandal 'deeply worrying' for EU citizens who fear similar post-#Brexit treatment, says @guyverhofstadt. Confirmation of people being wrongly deported is raising concerns in Brussels.  
A refusal by Britain to "allow" a referendum could in itself significantly boost support for independence. It would reveal Britain to be other than the country we were told we were voting for in 2014. We won't get that boost, won't force their hand, if we don't even ask. 
This is a great initiative by @es_irl and @Doctors4Choice every Tuesday up to the referendum. In a sea of unscientific nonsense and half truths get the facts and friendly advice and hear the stories of how the 8th affects the lives of citizens everyday.  #together4yes 
I will never support Brexit. It is a depicable weapon of mass deportation being used to deliver fear and inflict cruel family damage on innocent men, women and children. We must vote to degrade the government's ability to deliver, starting 3rd May. 
It’s not just #Windrush it’s endemic across the Home Office handling of visa & immigration applications. The idea it will be able to deal with applications from @The3Million due to the stupidity of #Brexit is laughable  
Stop all this nonsense..a Binding #FinalSayForAll with the option to #StopBrexitSaveBritain is now a necessity to justify any #Brexit. The process was Flawed, there is No Clear Mandate, Rights will be lost.A #FairVote is the only solution & it must be built into the Act! #ABTV18 
Fraser Nelson - "Other than a couple of MPs agreeing with each other you don't see a wider public opinion shift. Even most of those who voted against #Brexit say they respect the referendum."You see very rich backers, but you do not see a groundswell of public opinion."  
"Why can't it be a choice between Deal and No Deal?"For starters... every pro-Brexit voice, from Boris Johnson to the Daily Mail, reassured the British public that a vote for Brexit was a vote for a new and better deal with the EU. We wouldn't be here otherwise!#PeoplesVote 
The sole benefit of this massive #Brexit disaster that I can see is that we have demonstrated once and for all that referendums are not the way to decide important policy issues.#StopBrexitSaveBritain#PeoplesVote#FinalSay#StopTheMadness 
Battle lines being drawn... Simon Coveney restates a June deadline for the UK to come up with workable solutions for border, or face leaving with no Brexit treaty at all  
Lords likely to vote in favour of UK staying in customs union. Former Whitehall official 'a Govt defeat ..would be huge development...would mean the UK was finally moving towards a rational assessment of the costs/ benefits of Brexit”.  via @FinancialTimes 
Places that have changed their minds about Brexit....because frankly, it's shite.Birmingham#PeoplesVote pic.twitter.com/ZgR6ZwJOhC 
Very Important: Spanish treasury minister categorically denies referendum was paid for with public money. By @martaemarti to @Elnacionalcaten 
Illegal and immoral:Bombing - Windrush deportations - Brexit - DUP bung - allowing a tainted fraudulent manipulated vote to stand - Brexit - lying while in public office - concealing financial gain while a minister - Brexit - gaming the constitution - Brexit- 
Iraq, Libya,Rape Clause , Universal Credit, Brexit,Salisbury, DUP , Syria ,now Windrush to name merely a few of the clusterfu##ks of incompetent WM Gov. What do they have to do before Scottish Unionists wake the f### up? 
“Intelligence” on Chemicals Bombing "Only Govt has all the information so only Govt can decide"This approach could be applied to almost anything to bypass Parliament e.g. #Brexit, and hasn’t May done her best to bypass Parliament? #HellYes 
Brexit will betray a new generation of Families who live and work here from the EU. The #WindrushGeneration scandal  is set to repeat itself. We have become a small minded vindictive and mean country. 
Can just one Remoaner politician or activist stake his / her name to the actual AMOUNT of UK exports to the EU that will be LOST in the event of (1) a post-Brexit UK–EU free trade agreement, or (2) no deal with the EU whatsoever (thus operating under WTO rules)?No. Thought not. 
BREXIT: How we can make the government give everyone a vote on the Brexit deal /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote #FinalSay 
Please don't call the #FinalSay a 2nd referendum. It's a 1st referendum on something no-one has yet seen let alone voted on. #FinalSayForAll #PeoplesVote 
3rd May means don’t vote Conservative.  Don’t vote Labour.  They both claim it means you support Brexit.Kick them hard in the Ballots.Vote PRO EU ONLY.  Lib Dem, Green, Renew, 48%.#LE18 #STOPBREXIT 
Our Chair @ChukaUmunna explains from Sunday's rally how you can get involved in @peoplesvote_uk and fight for a say on the final Brexit deal.  
#ItsTimeToTalk! Have you heard about conscientious objection? Want to know what rights medical staff will have if the referendum passes on May 25th? Hear from @Colmogorman and get the facts. #together4yes #8thref 
Most infuriating "unintended consequences" of voting for the two main parties @ #GE2017 was the claim that "82% chose pro-Brexit parties" therefore they endorse #Brexit. Only way to stop this disingenuous twisting of voting intention & send a clear message is #ABTV on 3rd May. 
We have a govt who are not thinking. Who are dropping bombs without consulting Parliament, who are embroiled in murky waters of a Brexit that may well be illegal, who are deporting people with little knowledge of the cases.We, the public, must continue to hold them to account. 
Labour's leaders know that Parliament will not dare play the role of the elite that stops #Brexit. So while Labour opposes a #FinalSay it is supporting Brexit. Vote on May 3 to tell the Labour leaders to care for the many and start fighting Brexit.#VoteEU #StopBrexit 
The EU was worried about the Home Office after Brexit. Withdrawal Agreement contained this provision for an 'independent national authority' to monitor them.Could be a useful innovation & extended beyond EU nationals #Windrush 
Please do not vote @UKLabour or @Conservatives on 3rd May even if the local candidate is anti Brexit. A vote for Labour or the Cons will be seen by the national leadership as a vote for Brexit. Harsh but necessary.  
Remember why you voted for #Brexit ... Because a lot of rich people enjoy taking your taxes and turning them into their pensions.There's no need for the EU ... nations can trade, they can invest together, they can share information & they can cooperate without paying £13bn/yr.  
How peers have the ability to stop Brexit reducing our human rights I know I'm sounding like a broken record, but the only way to guarantee we keep all of our existing rights & freedoms is to #StopBrexit! 
I think that every single #Brexiteers knew that the EU would act petulantly,that their invested politicians would cry like freaking babies & that there would be pressure beyond belief to overturn the #Brexit voteBut we're still here you wankers.  
Fully supportive of listening to differing views. However, if we waited for the polls we would’ve never had the 2014 referendum. Decisions about Scotland are better decisions when made in Scotland. That’s why I believe there should be a referendum within 18 months.  
In the 1983 Abortion Referendum the turnout was just 53.7% . Don't assume that cos everyone you know is voting Yes that Yes will win. Register, check the register and then actually vote!! #repealthe8th #together4yes 
How could another referendum possibly help matters? It would be even more divisive and if it resulted in the UK staying in the EU it would be regarded by millions as a democratic abomination  
Brexit trade plan for Commonwealth countries is a 'fools errand'  
Penny Mordant on R4 this morning said MPs couldn’t vote meaningfully on Syria bombing cos they didn’t have full knowledge of the facts. Yet Brexit on which most were clueless has to stand because it’s the will of the ( uninformed) people. Bollox. 
Who the bloody hell do the Chinese think think they are? Do they not know that Brexit will make Britain the most powerful nation on Earth? Has no one told them about Empire 2.0?!They may have 1/5 of the world’s population, but we have innovative jams, god damn it!  
If Brexit were to be stopped, which way would be better for our democracy and country?#SeizeTheVote #ABTV #FinalSayForAll #FBPE #FBR #WATON #StopBrexitSaveBritain @nickreeves9876 @fish_in_a_hat @mikegalsworthy 
PRESS RELEASEThe Government of Belize congratulates the Government and people of the Republic of Guatemala for conducting its referendum on April 15, 2018 on the question of going to the International Court of Justice (ICJ), in accordance with the Special Agreement of 2008.  
As Brexit optimism sweeps across the business world, an increasing number of UK companies are looking into increasing their exports! 
Why is the West obsessive about Russia and oblivious of China? Because Russia can help explain, delegitimize and perhaps even reverse those deep scars in the liberal soul: Trump and Brexit. China cannot so it has no interest 
Tim Martin has decided to close all the Wetherspoons pub social media accounts, how many of these accounts have been used to spread the fake media and Russian troll farm stuff that helped make people vote for #Brexit? 
Q: The Facebook/CA story has been technically underwhelming, pre- and post-MZ hearing. Why did it become so big?A: Psychology. Many in ... finding it irresistible to blame Facebook for ...UK > BrexitUS > TrumpEU > "surveillance capitalism"journalism > own industry crisis 
Not just on Brexit but across the board, this government in name only offers only permanent meltdown. They have no idea what they’re doing and know they haven’t. Real people’s lives are ruined and they simply shrug. They are not just a shambles, but an epochal national disgrace. 
Windrush immigration scandal 'deeply worrying' for EU citizens fearing similar treatment after Brexit  
I am shocked by the Home Office attitude in regards to #Windrush. Thank you for standing up.As an EU migrant I fear the same treatment could be applied post-Brexit to over 3 million who also had the right to come here. 
That, from @DavidLammy, was probably the most angry Commons question I've ever heard and absolutely right to be so. He has done a superb job on this but there is no doubt the cause is #racism in #Tory Party & Home Office, feeding off the alt-right in the wake of Brexit. 
Three top barristers conclude: 'Vote Leave committed crime on Brexit campaign' | London Evening Standard  
Snr Tory MP believes May will be forced to call a 2nd Brexit referendum  via @BIUK_PoliticsI think so too. In fact at some point, it could become a race between Tory & Labour to claim the moral high ground when public support demands a #PeoplesVote 
#BREAKING: India summons Pakistan’s Deputy High Commissioner for inciting Sikh pilgrims on Khalistan. India lodged strong protest with Pakistan for interfering in internal affairs of India. The poster of referendum 2020 was placed in Parikrama of the Gurdwara Panja Sahib.  
What an ugly place '#Brexit Britain' has become.. Hard working Immigrants from all nationalities, being abused and discriminated against!!  
THIS IS EXACTLY WHY #ABTV MATTERS. Vote Tory get Brexit. Vote Labour get Brexit. Vote for your pro EU candidate and let’s get #PeoplesVote. #Remain. It won’t happen if we don’t make it happen. Use your vote. One vote. One voice. One time.   
This entire #Windrush scandal will have done wonders for the UK's relationship with the Commonwealth. Looking forward to working on those post-Brexit trade deals that we have been told will be a walk in the park... 
Anti-Brexit campaign is led by 'luvvie actors and wealthy elite - NOT the British people'  
Wetherspoons = official referendum participant@vote_leave, AIQ & Facebook data all under investigationToday Wetherspoons deletes all social media accounts, including Facebook 
Facts. I have no idea if connected:Wetherspoons deleted entire customer database on anniversary of referendum.In official docs @vote_leave told Electoral Commission it would delete its data by this day. Tim Martin, Wetherspoons' chairman = major @vote_leave donor1/2 pic.twitter.com/6iLeXBFCIb 
Pleased to see Malta's Prime Minister @JosephMuscat_JM again this afternoon while he is in London for #CHOGM2018 – our countries' strong bonds will continue long after Brexit  
Brexit really has done so much for the quality of political discourse these days...  
What did YOU do before Brexit?I'd just finished an MA in Creative Writing and was planning a novel. Since Brexit I've written only 6 pages of it. My life is on hold in many ways. 
I am definitely a Remain. #Brexit  
Trade after Brexit? You've committed the UK to membership of the EU's Customs Union, which would preclude us from adopting an independent trade policy.  
Spanish Treasury minister again confirms Catalan government did not pay for referendum despite officials being prosecuted for misuse of  funds: ‘I don’t know how they paid for the ballot boxes, but not with public funds’.   
I keep hearing that we need a referendum before the next election. The issue that keeps coming up is creation of more political layers at the top.I would reject such a referendum.More political seats is not the greatest problem facing Kenya today. 
Hard truthsMost people ON BOTH SIDES aren't economic/EU law expertsMost experts say Brexit would seriously harm the UKThose who've studied EU Law/Economics literally know moreSticking to how you voted, just because it's how you voted, puts Pride Before Country 
This morning I met Nana Akufo-Addo, President of Ghana, ahead of Commonwealth Heads of Government meetings.We discussed the rights of Commonwealth citizens in the UK, trade after Brexit, reform of the Commonwealth and UN, the role of the African Union and US forces in Africa.  
No Theresa May you do not care for for Carribeans, you care about your job. And we don't buy 'deported in error', I think you meant "I got caught."These people work in our hospitals, and because of #brexit nationalism they mean less to you than the white racists supporting you. 
Forget Project Fear, embrace Project Cheer. BrexitCentral’s free Brexit Briefing pulls together all of the Brexit news of the day and counters the misinformation and predictions of doom from those in denial about the referendum result.Sign up →  
There is an important new piece by @carolecadwalla on #Brexit and #CambridgeAnalytica.This piece confirms both that @UKIP are in trouble and, as I have been saying, @Vote_leave are not. Those “whistleblowers” were lying. 
Great coverage of activists across Wales calling for a #PeoplesVote on the final #Brexit terms in the Western Mail today!// @WalesOnline // @Open_Britain // @peoplesvote_uk // @Cardiff4EU // @Gogs4Europe // @Swansea4Europe // @Valleys4EU 
Rudd now asked by  Anna Soubry how can EU citizens can expect to be treated in years beyond Brexit when Windrush citizens, who "we think of as British" treated. Rudd: "I am very concerned about how the Windrush citizens have been treated" and am planning to do something about it 
If the leave side won the EU referendum by anything like the 67% vote to remain in 1975 and opinion polls continued to show that level of support, I’d shut up. But they didn’t and opinion polls now show a small majority for Remain. So game on! 
Here's how we can make the Government give everyone a 'people’s vote' on the Brexit deal | My @Independent column this week on the @peoplesvote_uk campaign launch 
'There is still a way we can make the government give everyone a final vote on the Brexit deal Theresa May gets us' | @ChukaUmunna  
Repeal is not guaranteed a win. Neither side is guaranteed anything unless people use their votes. Disregard the polls- sometimes they are wrong. Polls said Clinton would win. Polls said Brexit wouldn’t pass. So people didn’t bother. PLEASE- bother. Get out & vote. May 25th. 
I've got to know @shahmiruk over the last few months. A brave, honourable Brexiter who still thinks the referendum was rigged by @vote_leave Help him fight back for being "Outed then fired": fund his legal challenge to the PM @theresa_may and employer 
More evidence that the Tories are manipulating voters:  Still think Scotland's referendum was all above board? 
WTAF? Actual government advice. How much lower can we go? What next? The return of the Black and White Minstrel Show?Brexit is hate and must be stopped. Start the change. Vote #ABTV. 
Given the appalling mess for the #Windrush generation created by @theresa_may reforms, there can be no confidence in Home Office ability to handle #EU citizen cases post #Brexit . Worse than incompetent.  
We’re making the case to ensure the British homegrown sugar industry can remain globally competitive after #Brexit. Find out more, including how you can help to #BackBritishSugar, here:  
Do not forget to register to vote before the deadline tomorrow at  … ! Remember this is the last election before Brexit, so make sure you get your voice heard! #localelections #eucitizens #rethinkbrexit 
 are calling on young people to make sure they are registered to vote before the May 8 referendum deadline.  
‘A strong KDP means a strong #Kurdistan’ KRG PMPlease tell me how strong we are from 2013-2018, post referendum all under your rule. KDP approach towards Baghdad is isolationist while failing to deliver at home. Corruption, nepotism, oil theft, loss of Kirkuk all led by KDP.  
Our case to establish our right to maintain our EU citizenship after Brexit will be heard in the Dutch Court of Appeal on Thursday. Read more about it here.  
Every day until the anniversary of the Brexit vote on 23/6 we will be posting a picture from the #MarchForEurope  There are too many people from all across Scotland who came demanding #DemocracyOnBrexit, and they cannot be forgotten or ignored #AlwaysEuropean  
RESEARCHERS: The government have published a helpful Q&A clarifying the UK's involvement in @EU_H2020 - UK researchers can still bid for funding post #Brexit #Horizon2020  
"Madrid has already demanded joint control of Gibraltar’s airport, cross-border cooperation on smuggling and an end to what Spain sees as the Rock’s tax haven status."And Spain has a veto on the #Brexit negotiations if it doesn't get what it wants. 
Our favourite #Remainer @mikegalsworthy popped down to #SuperSODEM with this message! Spread the word - time for a #PeoplesVote on #Brexit  
If only........  Labour opposed #Brexit. Then Remainers could unleash the hounds of reason and derision onto the Tories without fear of being stabbed in the back by a "jobs first Brexit" or becoming entangled in Starmer's 6 tests.If only...#StopBrexit #ABTV #VoteEU 
The phrase 'sleepwalking to disaster' is a rotten cliche, yet seems to sum up these days perfectly.Brexit. The Powell thing. Now the Windrush thing. One step after another towards a nightmare world.How a nation can someday end up Nazi without ever meaning to or even noticing. 
Commonwealth Secretary-General, @PScotlandCSG is spot on. Post-Brexit, the UK can get back to its roots and help revitalise the Commonwealth. It is in all of our interests for the Commonwealth to thrive! #CHOGM2018 
We're calling on @rtenews and @TV3Ireland to include a video of a 12-week scan as part of their referendum coverage. If we want a truly informed #repealthe8th debate, a 12-week scan needs to be a part of it. 
Chuka Umunna and Anna Soubry are enemies of democracy. Their attempts to force a Second Referendum to overturn Brexit must be stopped! 
Following @catherinemep @juliegirling and my visit to @PortOfRotterdam - good write-up of the threat of Brexit to Britain’s supermarket shelves  
That moment when you realise that ... Brexit is batshit crazy#FBPE pic.twitter.com/WHPwNSykV6 
Summary:1. Brexit looks bad on all fronts.2. i.e. Remoaners are desperate now.3. That's why we're pushing for Our People's Vote.4. Hopefully we'll win it.5. But if not, we'll just keep on holding Our People's Votes until we obtain the 'correct' result.6. That's all, folks!  
Labour should be fighting them on this and Brexit. Fighting for the rights of the "many" - not blithely backing a hard Brexit and farting on about bus passes. It's what you get when the chairman of the allotment committee takes over the council. 
Windrush immigration scandal is 'deeply worrying' for EU citizens fearing similar treatment after Brexit, Guy Verfhofstadt warns  
“I voted Leave in the first referendum, and I think that what we are seeing now is a totally different proposition to what was on the table in 2015” @Will_DryOFOC on calls for another vote on UK/EU relations #bbcdp 
Just started "London Calling: How the BBC stole the referendum" by @GAPonsonby - excellent read starting from long before I became indy aware. Puts so many things into perspective and clearly illustrates the extreme levels of bias, manipulation & lies of our state media  
Jaguar Land Rover, the biggest automaker in the UK, is cutting 1,000 jobs as Brexit and a diesel backlash has caused sales to slump  
If the Home Office is making all these cock-ups over the Windrush generation, how can they possibly hope to register the more than 3m EU citizens living here?  I suspect that this is just a tiny taste of what is to come post-Brexit 
Catalan government didn't use public money for Oct-1 referendum. That said, as far as I'm concerned it would have been a perfectly valid expenditure.  
The start of the momentum towards Brexit can be traced back to the start of Theresa May's six years as Home Secretary.She had the EU tools to control immigration but did not use them. Instead she stirred up hatred by having vans tour the streets with the message "Go home".  
Tory colleagues count 8 Home Office areas for concern... from Windrush to violent crime, the Brexit transition and the Immigration Bill  
UNCENSORED: Brexit wage boost, mass migration pushing up house prices & more  
Wargasm: a PoemIn Syria Theresa May’s Tories and their media, look, we can bomb both sides and still hate the refugees, we can use them as a tool for power for prejudice for Brexit for Nationalism for Conservatism..  
This was no ‘Deported in Error’. UK govt got caught doing what they thought would be acceptable in current climate of #LittleEngland & #Brexit racism. They’ve just discovered that there’s a majority of decent people who don’t agree & are running scared. Shameful. #Windrush 
Thanks for following me @Feargal_Sharkey - when I play Brexit at Subbuteo I flick the kick and it doesn’t know. 
Giant queue in NUIG to register to vote/ change address for the upcoming referendum @nuigforchoice @Together4yes 
"Madrid has already demanded joint control of Gibraltar’s airport, cross-border cooperation on smuggling and an end to what Spain sees as the Rock’s tax haven status."And Spain has a veto on the #Brexit negotiations if it doesn't get what it wants. 
Support high availbility DR in AWS GovCloud (US-East) & (US-West) & host FedRAMP High, ITAR & DoD Impact Level 5 systems. 
Then ask yourself: What's more democratic? A vote where people get to actually see what they're signing, where they can look at Brexit, line-by-line....or a vote in the dark?#PeoplesVote 
"deported in error"This is the same Home Office which will "take control of our borders" and will deal with residency rights after Brexit.The EU, rightly, will be very anxious about UK legal guarantees for EU citizens in UK post-Brexit.  
It is astonishing that we still have people telling us to RESPECT the narrow result of that referendum almost two years ago while the evidence of ILLEGAL & DISHONEST behaviour indulged in by the Leave campaign keeps on piling up. 
Government: “EU citizens need not worry about their rights after Brexit. They can trust us”In unrelated news:  
#Catalonia | Spanish Treasury minister again confirms Catalan government did not pay for referendum despite officials being prosecuted for misuse of funds. It might be about time to release the jailed Catalan politicians. #freepoliticalprisoners 
Proud to have stood protesting against the idea of a second referendum with some brave, calm and collected democrats & general public from across the political spectrum this weekend. Some of them had never been to a protest before. #Brexit #Leavevoters 
Most Remainers welcome bregretters. If you have doubts about #Brexit don't be afraid to voice it. It's important that we all use our voices. 
I will never stop fighting it. In my eyes #Brexit is illegal. Why would I ever accept it?! Democracy is a right but it's  also an obligation. It's my democratic duty to oppose it. If you think #Brexit is still OK and you're gonna still get your unicorn then good luck to you. 
Sir Patrick Stewart says his X-Men and Star Trek characters would have opposed Brexit 
Remember, this is a product of the Home Office-isation of the British govt. Yes, through the spiritual osmosis of Brexit, but also because the PM effectively brought her dept with her into No.10. 
This story goes to the very heart of the Brexit madness. How can the UK trade globally WITHOUT the EU when we don't even have a port big enough to take the the largest ships?#FBPE 
The Secretary-General of the Commonwealth has revealed that British trade with the other 52 Commonwealth nations could push the bloc to a huge £1trillion boom in a huge Brexit windfall in just two years time  
Gosh. I hadn't noticed the date. In Vote Leave's official registration documents with Electoral Commission, it committed to deleting data within one year of referendum.... 
The resignation is set to frustrate the referendum...to change the structure of GoK. Other sources say... 
Yes Alastair, but 17.4m voted for Brexit and won the referendum. That’s democracy and people like you can’t accept or respect it simply because you lost.  
I was delighted to see @peoplesvote_uk launched this weekend. Whichever way you voted in 2016, we all know that Brexit is not going well. It is only right that the British people have the final say on our future. #PeoplesVote 
So ISIS fighters are allowed back into Britain, but law-abiding, tax-paying immigrants who arrived in 1971 are being kicked out? Tune in 13.00 @WestmonsterUK for the latest on that as well as Brexit news, violent crime and should children be disciplined more strongly? 
there's still time to register to vote for the referendum. don't be the person that says 'ah but it'll pass anyway'. that person is a dope. 
I find it worrying that only British passport holders are permitted to apply for new Border Force jobs being established in NI in preparation for Brexit. Why not also Irish passport holders? Both nationalities+citizenships reside in NI+are recognised in NI-allowed so by the GFA. 
"Our country's future is at stake and we will not stand idly by. That is why I support a People's Vote on the final deal." The amazing @SirPatStew on why it should be the people - not solely politicians - who decide whether we accept the Brexit deal. 
This Valentine’s Day, take a stand and buy your own chocolate. For you and for teddy bears everywhere. #SetTeddyFree 
"The way I see it is this: as Brexit unfolds and people see the reality of it... I think the best and right thing to do is to put it back to the people & say you can have a vote on this deal." - @Anna_Soubry at the launch of our @peoplesvote_uk campaign. 
Wetherspoons shuts down all of its social media accounts. Odd isn't there an investigation into data sharing at the moment and Wetherspoons big Brexit campaign was big asset to leave. Surely they didn't do what I'm thinking. , 
A couple of graphics, showing that EU immigration does not correlate with a negative impact on wages and jobs at a local level. In fact there appears to be a slight correlation with rises in wages and jobs. #LeaveLies#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit #VoteEU 
Tory Brexiteer @NadineDorries lets rip at Treacherous Remainer @ChukaUmunna  over second Brexit vote demands  - 'It's OVER'  
The results are clear. People overwhelmingly support sustainable fishing laws once Britain leaves the EU #Brexit #overfishing 
Brexit looks bad on all fronts. That’s why we’re pushing for a people’s vote.From the NHS to trade, the true impact of leaving is becoming clearer.We deserve another say now that we know the facts, says @Hugodixon.Hold a #PeoplesVote to #StopBrexit. 
Remain lost the EU referendum. We’re losing the argument after the vote, too.None of that is the BBC’s fault.My latest for @TheNewEuropean  
My local is full of centenarians who gave their lives in the war only to rise from the grave 70 years later just to vote Brexit  
The importance of the Commonwealth for UK exports is increasing as firms look for new markets in a post-Brexit world  
"While opinion polls show a comfortable lead for the pro-choice side in an upcoming referendum on abortion in Ireland, one set of figures indicates pro-life paid adverts are gaining more traction on Facebook"#savethe8th #votenotoabortion 
Jacob Rees-Mogg: “The treatment of Windrush people is shameful.”Brexit politicians have spent decades stirring up the anti-immigration sentiment that has led to this ‘crackdown’. They chose to ride that tiger, then they pretend to be horrified when the tiger bites. pic.twitter.com/22o1ErWJo6 
Brexit Characters: Is Bond Really a Remainer?  
Can we have a referendum on abolishing the antidemocratic House of Lords? They should have been made history a long time ago.  
Very far down the list of priorities, but Windrush debacle also hopelessly self-harming in terms of Brexit negotiations. Will lead Brussels to distrust any UK assurance on protecting EU migrant rights. 
Spanish Treasury minister again confirms Catalan government did not pay for referendum despite officials being prosecuted for misuse of funds  
Things I’m not on ok with this week:- Syria: The Middle East has been a playground for the West to justify huge military spending for my entire living memory.- A homeless man dying in the A&E waiting area.- Outright lies about the referendum. 
The ghosts of the flawed 2017 General Elections are still looming large at IEBC. I smell a rat in the latest resignation saga a midst unsolicited debate on referendum triggered a faction in jubilee. Realpolitik at play! 
“there should be an "urgent investigation" on whether to refer the case to the Crown Prosecution Service for prosecution”Please, could anyone who voted for Brexit tell me what you think of this?  
NEWS! Democratic referendum on final Brexit deal would definitely be undemocratic, claims Brexiter terrified of losing it  
Because Rotterdam is anywhere, anywhere at all! Read this excellent write-up of last weeks visit to the Port of Rotterdam. The Dutch aren’t hanging around - they will not let Brexit ruin their operations. @SophieintVeld @Gerbrandy @guyverhofstadt 
Spanish minister of the Treasury Montoro: "I don't know how the Oct 1 [#referendum] was paid. But is wasn't with taxpayer money". Now can somebody please explain us why Puigdemont and others are accused for misappropriation of public funds?  
A pathetic line-up of low grade MPs have united in their efforts to derail Brexit. 
Brexit is a big deal. It's shaping up to be a miserable deal.When we know the real deal.... the people should say whether they still want BrexitMy column setting out the case for a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal 
Government reveals vehicle that will make Parliament’s debate on whether to bomb Syria two days ago meaningful.(See also: meaningful vote on Brexit)  
Two things were most neglected in the Referendum thanks to the dominance of the Remain campaign & the Establishment in driving the media agenda. These were the economic damage that membership did to the UK & the EU's plans to move onto political & full monetary & economic union. 
So why are @BBCNews and @SkyNews running a breaking news story today about the shutting down of Weatherspoons barely active Twitter account without giving us the full facts? Where's the MSM joined up journalism on #Brexit remain campaign? Where would we be without @carolecadwalla 
May 3 is approaching fast. If either of the pro-Brexit parties does well that will be taken as a sign that there is little real opposition to #Brexit. If we want to #StopBrexit we have to ensure the largest possible vote for pro-EU parties.#ABTV #VoteEU 
This is what worries me about govt approach to #Brexit also: it's the Executive, already too powerful in UK, that's taking control, not the Legislature. I think bombing Syrian CW sites was right; also think govt shd have asked @UKParliament if it thought so too. #accountability 
Sir Patrick Stewart - Our country's future is at stake... if we leave the #EU #brexit will shape this country's future for decades to come... that is why I support a #PeoplesVote on the final deal. #StopBrexit #FBPE #FinalSay 
If you're being affected by the referendum, or you need to talk about your experience of abortion, don't forget Well Woman offers FREE after-abortion counselling with professional therapists, whether 3 weeks or 20 years after. Men welcome too. Please RT. #8thref #AbortionCare 
Brexit bonanza: Commonwealth head expects £1TRILLION trade surge in just TWO YEARS  
First the LibDems were in favour of an In/Out EU referendum (2008). Then they were against it (2010-17). Now (2019) they are in favour of having had two! In that time, their poll ratings have plummeted from 22% to 7%. #LibDemChaos #PeoplesVote 
Any person who turns 18 years of age on or before May 25th can register, and has the right to vote in the upcoming referendum. But anyone not registered by the May 8th deadline will not be able to vote in the referendum #8thref 
Young people urged to ensure they are registered to vote before the May 8th deadline for the upcoming referendum.  
A significant proportion of the UK population support a vote on the deal. The Gvt.s much trumpeted transition deal only means that the fatal moment when we reach the #Brexit cliff has been delayed.The people still deserve a final say before we fall off it.  
These facts won’t go amiss in the Brexit trade debate  
Sell Brexit to millennials with CANZUK free movement, says @MRJKilcoyne: Rather than bus pass gimmicks, the govt should bestow upon young people a huge new freedom by opening up the world to them. It might even make the phrase Global Britain mean something. 
Dominic Grieve @ifgevents "There was the new campaign launched yesterday. I am very favourable to the idea of there being a further public consultation on #brexit - what we are heading towards is very different to what was promised" @peoplesvote_uk #PeoplesVote 
Nearly 60% of the people want another #brexit referendum.The reasons are simple:- we are now better informed- we are now more aware of the lies and the liars- we do not trust our politicians 
Theresa May is to pledge to put the 52 other countries in the Commonwealth at the heart of a global Britain after Brexit.The value of goods and services flowing within the Commonwealth is estimated at $687bn and likely to rise to $1tn by 2020.  
A "Repeal Mobile" will start touring the country today to get students ready for the referendum. @TheUSI 
New post: How Brexit threatens pluralist democracy in the UK   
Campaigners in York demand a vote on #Brexit dealCAMPAIGNERS from York for Europe took to Parliament Street on Saturday - demanding a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal.#StopBrexit #FBPE #FinalSay 
Sounds like a poor excuse because they're p!ss!ng themselves with all the Brexit lies they've peddled, and now the tide is turning.#BoycottWetherspoons #BoycottJDWetherspoons #Wetherspoons 
It was an advisory referendum, won only by gross lies, fraud and disenfranchising millions of pro remain voters.#PeoplesVote 
Another potential setback for another UK industry noone mentioned during Brexit Referendum.  
I said before the referendum that Brexit was a road to ID cards and to harassment of poor minorities who might not have money/papers/institutional knowledge to easily prove their citizenship. And here we are.  
Tory agenda:- (1) Neutralise Social media (2) Boundary changers (3) Election Photo ID (4) Post Brexit Employment Law (5) Outsourcing Public services (6) Redundancy without compensation (7) All welfare payments, repayable loans (8) Dementia Tax (9) Social Housing 'limitations' 
Anti-Brexit campaign is led by 'luvvie actors and wealthy elites - NOT the British people' 
“The vote to leave EU was not a vote to take powers away from Wales. Am confident that any court will find Wales has acted constitutionally in defending itself from a Tory power-grab” @steffanlewis AM on UK govt threatening Wales with court action over post-Brexit Assembly powers 
If the British people were trusted to steer the UK's fate in the 2016 EU referendum, should they be trusted again with the terms of the final Brexit deal? Watch again ▼@JuliaHB1 | @campbellclaret |  
Brexit looks bad on all fronts. That’s why we’re pushing for a people’s vote | Hugo Dixon  
I've mentioned this to people at weekend. No one knew about Euratom , or open skies or any of the detail. The leave campaigners are corrupt people backed by huge money that needs uk to be delivered by Brexit ready for asset stripping . It's a far right coup . Resist.#PeoplesVote 
Over a month and still waiting for a reply. I thought #Brexit was going to be sunshine and rainbows @scullyp. Finally admittance that #Brexit will be a disaster?  
MAJOR BREAKING: Former Catalan police chief charged with sedition for refusing to beat voters in the October 1st independence referendum. 
A new poll by Opinium for anti-Brexit group Open Britain showed solid support for a second referendum on the final deal: 52% back a vote on the terms with 31% opposing, with support highest among Labour supporters. 
Wetherspoons was a registered referendum participant. Printed thousands of pro-Brexit beermats. At this stage, I discount nothing...  
My view, fwiw:1. Three legal means by which UK does not leave EU next March are currently blocked, but could be unblocked.2. To unblock needs huge shift in UK politics, currently not obvious.3. Revoking A50 would probably need to be in "good faith", ie cancelling Brexit.  
All I can say is that if you’re comparing what Hitler and the Nazis did to Jewish people in the 1930s, to Brexit, you really *really* need to read some history.  
Brexit will damage the entire country and especially the regions that were told it would boost them.This is me with @RCorbettMEP in Leeds a few weeks ago. Cost me an arm and a leg to get there but I know Brexit isn't just about London/the south #PeoplesVote 
Theresa May to offer Commonwealth a post-Brexit bonus at this week’s meeting in London | 'People's Vote' anti-Brexit campaign launches with call for referendum on final EU deal | Boris Johnson reminds us that the people have already had a vote on Brexit  
PLEASE VOTE & RT / Since the EU Referendum in June 2016 do you feel more or less proud to be British or about the same? #Brexit #BrexitFraud #brexitshambles #StopBrexit #FinalSay #PeoplesVote 
The fact that the Remoaners have wheeled out a US-based multi-millionaire star of science fiction fantasies to lecture us about Brexit tells you all you need to know about their ridiculous “peoples” campaign.  
Have to say I agree with every word of this by @UnaMullally I didn't understand it during #YesEquality & I don't understand it during this referendum. Maybe it's the "maleness" of media, maybe it's conservatism. Whatever it is, it's sad.  @IrishTimesOpEd 
It’s Monday.And #Brexit remains as spectacularly stupid as it was yesterday.The people must have a #FinalSay.#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Lord Tyler: The impact of data misuse on the Brexit result must be uncovered  via @PoliticsHomeDespite the government's best efforts to ignore this completely, thankfully this story does not seem to be going away. 
For UK publishing, #Brexit means a fight with US over sales in EU. British publishers had this market cornered for  English-language editions of books. They could now lose a substantial share of sales and face added costs. The fallout could be dire:  
MAJOR BREAKING: Spain's finance minister confirms in an interview that the Catalan government didn't use public money for the October 1st referendum. 
Many of the countries in the likely post-Brexit trade partnerships with the UK are Commonwealth countries. This week's Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting in London would be a good time to start making them a reality, writes @ShankerASingham 
Wow, that's an incredible amount of support!!It's only 17,409,542 fewer people than voted for Brexit!!  
Our people slaved for this country. This is the thanks we get. #WindrushDeportation #Brexit  
No Irish need apply.. Only British passport holders being recruited for new Border Force jobs in Northern Ireland ahead of #Brexit. @irish_news @politicsIN 
BREAKING: #Brexit Facts4EU research reveals EU's €30bn 'off-the-books' fund which UK must continuing paying into after #Brexit.  Full story:  @BBCNews @SkyNews @itvnews 
EXCLUSIVE - "EXTRA €30BN OF EU SPENDING BBC WON’T TELL YOU ABOUT" Shocking #Brexit revelations - extra money (additional to UK's annual contributions) which UK has been paying to EU:  
Headline "Sturgeon's Brexit Bill". What it should say "Scottish & Welsh Govt's Continuity Bills" or is the ScotGov version getting special urgent treatment. Fed up with Heralds loaded language in their anti SNP agenda. Welsh continuity bill doesnt get reported up here of course.. 
Someone just accused me of being ‘alt-centre.’ Contradiction in terms: it’s extremism which breeds contempt for truth. The sensible, rather, divide into ‘snowflakes’ who worry about controversy & the ‘resolute’ who are determined to win. To defeat Brexit we need to be resolute 
THE BBC sparked outrage yesterday for giving Remain-backing Star Trek actor Sir Patrick Stewart a prime-time slot to promote his campaign for a second EU referendum.  
.Not quite 'No Roman Catholics', but close. Is #BrexitBritain showing its true face?"ONLY British passport holders are permitted to apply for new Border Force jobs being created in NI in preparation for Brexit.". 
Bad weather to blame? And what will take the blame if the shoppers don't come out again with the spring flowers?Brexit has slowed the British economy. It has stoked inflation and reduced living standards. It has cost over 100,000 jobs.#StopBrexit 
Important news for international media:Montoro, Spain's finance minister, confirms that ZERO euros from public money were used for the referendum. There are no grounds to extradite Puigdemont for misuse of funds. An extradition to Spain would be used for revenge, not justice.  
The Tories are going to loose big, its a simple fact.But Labour must loose big as well.Vote for LD's, Greens, Renew or an anti Brexit independentIf enough of us do this Brexit dies on the 3rd of May. 
While #PeoplesVote has brought the fact we can stop Brexit back into the public eyeWe must NOT loose sight of the local elections, if the Tories & Labour get a huge kicking by voting for Pro EU partiesLD Greens & RenewBy #SeizeTheVote using #ABTV brexit can killed#FBPE 
The state of #peoplesvote “Smile, we want to override your democratic mandate!!” #Brexit #ThankEUGoodbye 
Fact of day: Confronting BBC on their disgraceful Enoch Powell broadcast, surprised to hear that Tony Benn a friend of his & attended his memorial service. Turns out to be true; they united on Brexit & more in 70s/80s. Far left & far right so often unite on extremist policies 
Brexit was "decided" by 26% of the people. Unsurprisingly, that troubles many.If Parliament alone has the #FinalSay on whatever deal the Tories strike, it could be approved by a simple majority.That's just 0.0005% of the people. That's why we need a #PeoplesVote. 
New Fast Track Impact Magazine asks how coherent your digital footprint is, how Brexit is changing the impact agenda and includes interview with @trishgreenhalgh, #REF2021 tips and free excerpts from The Productive Researcher #openaccess  
Note to anti-Brexit campaigners: ignore Customs Union. Until Mrs May opted for Farageism, it was assumed we would stay in CU after Brexit; & in short term Brexit is administratively  imposs without CU. So pocket this & move on to key objective: people’s vote to stop Brexit itself 
A highlight of my career to have been musically involved in this wonderful, patriotic achievement. That Britain is now mortally wounded by the Brexit poison.  
BREXIT & LORDS THIS WEEK: Customs Union vote on Weds. Lost count of how many Tory peers say they are voting against Govt or abstaining so that this goes through with big majority. Although Brexit with Customs Union still massively inferior to staying in EU 
The Anti-#Brexit lobby hit an all time low yesterday when, given they can't muster enough followers to win a referendum, they now seek to include the votes of has-been sci-fi characters and comic strip heroes #Losers 
BREAKING - UK to revive its broken post-Brexit economy by building wooden-hulled, sail-powered warships and conquering the world just like in the good old days, the Foreign Secretary announced today.  “We had an empire once and we will jolly well get it back. Believe in Britain!” 
Theresa May and Brexit happened to us.  
remember when @FareedZakaria outright lied and said Bernie Sanders supported Brexit  
I am all for an informed #PeoplesVote on the #FinalSay. I propose we give it a test run on 3rd May. If you don't want Brexit then don't vote Tory or Labour, make them listen. 
Tell me again that Brexit will work for everyone, for the many, not the few. Tell me again that Brexit is not a despicable, racist act of xenophobia. Remind me how you knew what you were voting for. Brexit means what exactly?  
#Biafra ::Their agenda is simple. They want Biafra out of Nigeria. To be an independent country. They want to do this peacefully with a Referendum for a vote. Their leader was probably killed in invasion of family palace in Umuahia:: 
In an alternate timeline Scotland voted for Independence in 2014. The whole cascade of British nationalist supremacism that led to Brexit never got started. Trump was not emboldened and his platform not endorsed by this. Clinton was elected the first female president of the US. 
Before a #Brexit2.0 referendum should be a referendum if people wanted a #Brexit2.0 referendum.If the #Brexit2.0 referendum is unsuccessful from the Elitist Globalist viewpoint, it all should be repeated until the stupid populous gets it right. 
You are spending donor money to attack James Comey. That is strange. It's almost as if your failed tax cut is a snatch and grab for the rich and the voters know this. 2018 entirely referendum on the President. You have to go down with the ship. #GOPTaxScam 
That’s Quitters for you.Sell Brexit suggesting it will make people richer whilst the Hedge & Investment Fund backers make money on the £ losing value and expecting the next benefit for themselves if we Brexit ushering in a recession.Money for them. Not for ordinary folk.  
Guatemalans are voting in a referendum on their country's longstanding territorial dispute with neighboring Belize.  pic.twitter.com/XqJesgCmWu 
The throwing of the GFA under the Brexit bus continues apace.  
#Brexit and #Trump are hideously inbred first-cousins. UK & US must resist them together.#ABTV in May#BlueTsunam in NovemberPlease1. Like2. Retweet3. Follow4. Comment?5. I will follow back#FBRParty #BlueTsunami #FollowBackResistance #FBPE 
#LYING #SCUMBAGS #AnnaSoubry & #ChukaUmunna push for 'people's vote' on final #Brexitdeal. A shameless attempt to overturn the #Brexit vote & the will of the #BRITISH people!  #BBC #LBC @LBC #SKY #UK @Conservatives @ConHome #ConservativeParty #Labour #Tory 
An #actor's useless without a script. #PatrickStewart making no sense as he calls for a 2nd referendum, but not to stop #Brexit, although he freely admits he & the sci-fi characters he plays want to stay in the #EU. Bonkers!  #BBC #SKY #LBC @LBC @ConHome 
Corbyn will have to deselect his all of his right wing, backstabbing Blairite back benchers first before he can implement anything. Not to mention actually win an election and stop Brexit.Scotland does not have time to wait around on Labour anymore. 
The @guardian #ConspiracyTheorist & #Media #Muppet #carolecadwalla admits she’s keeping tin foil manufacturers in business. That’s one claim that won’t need to be retracted! ! #BBC #LBC @LBC #SKY #UK @Conservatives @ConHome #Tory #Conservatives #ConservativeParty #Brexit  
Pointless asking @theresa_may ANY questions as there is never an answer and interviewers let her get away with it don't they @bbclaurak?#StopBrexit #FBPE #ABTV #WATON #OFOC #PeoplesVote#BrexitBroadcastingCorporation 
Brexit LEAVEEngland : East 56.5%, NE 58%, NW 54%, SE 52%, SW 53%E midlands     59%Wales             53%W Midlands    59%Yorks/Humber58%STAY in the EULondon            60%NI                     56%Scotland           62%I think we can conclude the result - we are leaving 
Brexit: a question of options - a national grapefruit famine illustrates the importance of border controls (and the consequences of failure), and underlines the importance of making the right choices for Brexit ...  #Brexinfo. 
Sesame Street was brought to you today by the number 17,410,742, and by the word 'wanker'. #Brexit  
I think it would be hard for even the staunchest leaver to "except" the outcome of the referendum...  #GrammarTime  
BBC News - Brexit: 'People's Vote' campaign group launched  
Leave Campaign based on Lies, funded with dirty money, backed by hostile nations and shady corporations and Far Right media moguls.Brexit is a coup. The very fact they resist the democratoc process at all costs attests to this. 
‘In Brexit appeal, May calls on Commonwealth to boost trade’While the rest of the EU countries forge their futures by looking forward, the UK pins its hopes on the empire it lost over half a century ago. Embarrassingly cringeworthy.  
This is what happens when Pandora’s Box of normalised bigotry is opened. Out of the box crawls post-Brexit racism, xenophobia and isolationism.#Windrush 
Is Brexit an extreme right coup? 
Before campaigning on #Brexit I used to try to spread news about Assad and Putin's crimes in #Syria. And I became very aware of Corbyn's great reluctance to condemn Assad and Putin's crimes. It's why I loathe him as a fraud and hypocrite. #SyriaStrikes 
I wish more interviews were less 'omg let's talk about Brexit' and more'omg let's talk about Brenda'   
.When EVEN The Telegraph questions the knowledge (and motivation?) of the BBC's reporting on Brexit & the EU......  
EU launches new mind control hardware, designed to help the UK electorate "get it right this time" when they're told to vote again#PeoplesVote #Brexit  
Brexit, #SyriaStrike, now the Windrush children. Theresa May, head of a minority government, is behaving more and more like a dictator as each week passes. Just imagine what she'd have done to crush all opposition if she'd won the landslide she so craved in last year's election. 
Campaign launched to push for a People’s Vote on Brexit.“It should not be left to 650 politicians to decide our future but 65 million people,” said @Open_Britain’s @JamesMcGrory.The public want to #Remain in the EU. Hold a #PeoplesVote to #StopBrexit. 
Thousands of pro-EU activists take to the streets demanding vote on final Brexit deal #peoplesvote#finalsay 
mainstream media embarking on their Anti-Brexit propoganda as they give Air Time to clowns who want another attempt at the democratic will of the people 
'People's Vote' Brexit campaign group launched for second referendum on final EU deal #peoplesvote#finalsay#finalsayforall 
Good for you! Do you now understand why the EU needs to tightly bind the UK with regard to legally enforceable rights for its citizens? It’s because our government cannot be trusted. Not a good basis on which to try and build essential alliances post Brexit.  
No 10 refuses Caribbean request to discuss children of WindrushIf ever you needed proof this government is infected with racism, here is the evidence. This is why they'll never back down on #Brexit.  
The @heraldscotland really means the @ScotParl backed Brexit bill, which has support from @theSNP, @scotgp, @scottishlabour and @scotlibdems MSPs. 
"Sturgeon's Brexit Bill"? I had this weird idea that parliament voted for it. I guess that's Leask working hard on spotting a lie (so he can publish it) again. 
This Government are 'putting aside' £60 Billion to pay for brexit, - let's spend THAT on the NHS instead !  
You know what would be a really good #peoplesvote? Having a general election where one party is explicitly anti-Brexit then seeing what % of the vote they get! Great idea!Oh wait, we did that. They got 7%. Parties with Brexit in their manifesto got over 80%.We've won twice. 
Hardcore remainers are actually comparing not being a member of a political club after the biggest democratic vote in our history with the brutal oppression of the Jews by Nazi Germany. Yes really. These people are seriously deranged. #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
Yet another boring attempt to thwart a democratic result you don’t agree with. It will, like all similar attempts, fail. #Brexit is happening and coming very soon!  
Refusing to discuss BrexitRefusing to discuss Syria with parliamentRefusing to discuss immigrationThis Tory UKgov is beyond the pale & acting like a Middle Eastern dictatorship. Its time to cut our ties and be a country of good, Scotland  
This. This is critical to winning this referendum. Have the chats. Listen. Hear any concerns and respond. Lots of great resources in our #ItsTimeToTalk pack. #Together4Yes You can pledge to talk here and get the pack  
It's outrageous and it exposes the shallow notion of post brexit ties to the commonwealth. There is no economic revival of the commonwealth on the cards. 
Comedians for the EU are proudly backing the #peoplesvote campaign.Hopefully we can get back to making jokes in this country, instead of our country being made a joke by #Brexit. 
Why the Tories want the SNP to let their mandate for a referendum expire -  #ScotRef #UseTheMandate 
Interesting interview with LibDem MP Layla Moran earlier on @talkRADIO She acknowledged knowing nothing about Scottish politics and seemed surprised to learn her LibDems colleagues there were campaigning to stop voters having a second referendum. 
"Captain Picard would be Anti-Brexit" says Patrick Stewart.Am reminded of the exchange between Picard and Admiral Pressman."That treaty has kept us in peace for sixty years" 
Brexit is already destroying and warping so many of our great institutions. The BBC must not be among them.  
I love Star Trek TNG, I live XMen, I love Sir Patrick. I don't really care what he thinks fictional characters would think about Brexit.   
It's fair to criticise @BBCNews over its handling of Brexit. But anyone who listens to @bbcworldservice - respected around the world - or enjoys its drama, sports coverage - and so many of the other things it does - will say we should be wary of wanting do away with it altogether 
Govt approach to #Windrush is not only morally bankrupt but pure self-sabotage too. Having banged on about glorious post-Brexit Commonwealth trade, govt now about to tear up the summit, relationships & reputation. Global Britain? What a joke. And this govt? What a stain.  
So many Brexiteers voted out of pure racism and their leaders - i.e. Farage with that disgusting poster - stoked it up. Now proBrexit journalists like @IainDale "shocked" at what was let loose. YOU are responsible for nasty new anti-foreign atmosphere which Brexit unleashed.  
MPs and celebrities launch campaign for referendum on the Brexit deal No, BoJo, the public did not vote to leave "with a substantial majority". Can you actually open your mouth without lying? 
via @GuitarMoogIf you vote for a pro-Brexit party, your vote will be used to justify Brexit and the harm it will bring to everyone. It will be used to justify persuing the single biggest impediment to solving local issues.#StopBrexit #Brexit #ABTV #VoteEU 
one of the reasons for brexit was that it would facilitate closer to ties to commonwealth, apparently.   
I thought my respect for @SirPatStew couldn’t get any higher. It just did. Great speech on why we need a second referendum on #Brexit  
Nobody suggested ignoring the 2016 referendum. Why are you afraid of the British people voting? 
Three top barristers conclude: 'crime committed over Brexit vote'  
Sir Patrick Stewart claims his most famous characters would have voted Remain as he launches a campaign for an exit deal referendum. 
This invoice relates to rebranding work for UKIP after the general election , where does it mention Brexit or . More to the point no one paid it ! It was 7months before the referendum - dopey !  
If Number 10 refuses to discuss the rights of British Citizens who arrived here as kids when their countries were colonies, then Commonwealth countries should refuse to discuss trade with post-Brexit Britain LOL. Isolation can go both ways!  
Can anyone explain how the whole of Romania - who fought against us in WW2 - can move here, but Caribbean residents who’ve been here 60 years are being deported? Is this Brexit? Really? @WestmonsterUK 
May & Rudd are pre-occupied with a "deep and special" (and unreciprocated) relationship with the EU. They shy away from older relationships with the CW and individual CW countries--let alone from strengthening them. By blocking alternatives to EU, Remainers ensure a soft Brexit.  
Booklet I produced with Ian Hudghton MEP in 2010 to help activists campaign for independence. No majority in the Scottish Parliament for independence or date for referendum then – but we were campaigning for independence. As we should be now. Don’t wait for a date. #SNP 
Raging at this, can you promise Linda and Tony this wont happen after Brexit @theresa_may ? 
Brexit will lead as many as 30 "significant" financial firms to seek permission to operate in the Netherlands, top regulator says  
The Globalists want to see Putin fall, Assad brought down, Brexit de-railed, Immigration accelerated, radical Islam facilitated and Nation States erased. Be careful whose side you take. 
If not having an independence referendum before 2021 is sensible then why has Ruth Davidson been fighting so hard to make sure that that's what happens? 
Being part of the UK really depressing this week- Windrush children being betrayed, May bombing on the say so of a madman with a Twitter account, Enoch Powell’s pernicious words broadcast on BBC, and ongoing Brexit disaster deflection. Enough. 
British lawmakers, celebrities call for 'people's vote' on Brexit  
He's trying to make a point about Corbyn but he accidentally did a point about Brexit.  
I'm struggling to think of two people less likely to convince Leave voters in Wolverhampton and Oldham to change their minds on #Brexit than Chuka Umunna and Anna Soubry.  
Labour needs to listen to it's voters and those in the party that are opposed to a Tory Brexit that will damage the UK for generations to come. It time for a change of @UKLabour policy on Brexit. #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote #FBPE 
What we are witnessing, people, is collusion between the militant  liberal mafia in Britain, the media barons and the EU who are all trying to destroy #Bexit while whipping up an anti-Russian hysteria as a smokescreen for this blatant attempt to cancel the EU Referendum vote. 
RENEW loved the dynamism & energy at today's coordinated event to let people have a say on the Brexit deal! Now let's all build a new vision to rival Brexit. Who's on board? Radical change, for radical times. @chukaumunna @Anna_Soubry #RethinkBrexit #RenewBritain 
The #PeoplesVote campaign wants a referendum so the public can ratify or reject the final Brexit agreement  
(1) If the SNP is not ready to fight a referendum on independence, why not and what's the party (as opposed to the Government) being doing for the last four years? (2) What does it plan to do now to increase support for independence and (3) Why hasn't it done it already? 
Sir Patrick Stewart is ignorant of the fact that the EU is not what Britain joined in 1973 and EU has deviated from trading and moved into government. Sir Patrick, #Brexit !  
Isn't it wonderful how nobody is even talking about #Brexit now?  Simply amazing what one can achieve with a bit of war mongering. 
LETS NOT FORGET BREXIT... For those that voted BREXIT, do you realise that over 2 thirds of the immigrants do not come from the EU that come to the UK ? You didn’t  see that on that lying bus did YA ??? .. Hope that’s stuffed your Sunday Roast Chicken good and PROPER 
This does not bode well for any Gov reassurances over treatment of  EU citizens post #Brexit. 
The country with the smallest economy wanting a post-Brexit free trade agreement w/ the UK is the Maldives. But even its economy is larger than EU candidate Montenegro's.The largest wanting an FTA with the UK is the USA.44 non-EU countries want free trade agreements with us. 
Doesn't really fit with the lie that Brexit is about "global Britain", does it  
Loving the #PeoplesVote campaign  - but, as several speakers at today's launch said, we need to also ensure a 'No Brexit' option is on the table for the vote or it's just a catch 22 situation. #RockandHardPlace #stopbrexit2018 #fightbrexit 
A vote won by misleading the electorate is not a democratic vote. Here is Vote Leave promising that #Brexit Britain would stay in the Single Market - a promise the Brexiters denied ever making when they no longer need it to attract votes.#StopBrexit #FinalSay #VoteEU #ABTV 
This is precisely what Brexit represents. It would be great if you could direct your usual ire for 'Brussels' against the morally bankrupt government you spent the 2017 election campaign defending. 
Worth remembering on the day of the #PeoplesVote campaign launch that Tusk, Juncker, Tajani, Macron, Rutte, and other EU27 leaders have said that the door remains open for the UK to stop Brexit and remain in the EU if it so chooses.  
Neither labour or conservatives listened in the GE17. They used our protest vote to excuse their brexit stance . In the Local Electrons in May send a clear message . Don’t vote labour or Tory . #SeizetheVote and vote #ABTV 
Brexit: MPs from four parties jointly launch push for people's vote  
I wish #Labour had someone like @ChukaUmunna as leader as he's someone I could really get behind and we'd be miles ahead in the polls - instead we're stuck with awful, clueless #Corbyn#PeoplesVote #Brexit 
UK economic growth in 2017 was +1.8%, says ONS. We voted to leave the EU on 23 June 2016. During the referendum campaign the forces for Remain predicted half a million more out of work and economic Armageddon.Employment is up. Unemployment down. And the economy is growing. 
Pls RT Poll Brexit.Who has inflicted the most damage on our Brexit deal? 
Obviously our best choice is #ScotRef #indyref2 as soon as we canWe are a strong and succesful nationWe can't let ourselves being entangled in shady Brexit dealsWe need Indy NOW @theSNP @NicolaSturgeon 
Back to UK this evening after 2 weeks in Italy & The Netherlands. Felt depressed at the thought of returning to Brexit Britain, but then switched on @Channel4News and @Twitter and felt re-energised by #PeoplesVote and all pro-EU the events around the country. Democracy in action. 
Boris Johnson thinks Brexit Britain will get trade deals with other countries that are better than those with EU. This poses a puzzle. Is he a cynical liar or just total cretin? Or a visionary seeing things no one else can see. Please vote & RT for larger sample. #PeoplesVote 
Parliament still hasn't voted to leave the EU - the current Brexit process is deeply flawed.Please RT and support @a50challenge in any way you can.#wheresithedecision #a50challenge 
#ABTV. Let’s support these great minds and #StopBrexit Make your vote count on the local elections. Let’s tell labour and the tories we do not want Brexit. Vote pro EU parties in. Together we can be heard x  
These luvvies who love the EU so much can always go and live in the EU after the UK leaves. If the EU will have them. Or, they can stay here in the UK (if they even live here in the first place) and shut up, or promote Britain in the post-Brexit era. 
Brexit was never about us taking back control, it was always about these crooks, and others like them, stealing control for their own benefit.NO FEAR.  
Disgusting but not surprising considering May's commitment to the utterly inhumane "hostile environment" policy.You know that train of thought that goes "Brexit Britain will go global and re-connect with the Commonwealth"?Aye, Right.  
Establishment Launches Anti-Brexit Campaign ‘People’s Vote’ to Overturn… the People’s Vote   
I am going to remove my #FBPE tag and have #PeoplesVote instead.Everyone knows what #FBPE is and it can put off Brexit voters.#PeoplesVote is more approachable for Brexit voters and it's the new message from the resistance team in the HoC.#PeoplesVote 
UK politics is incredibly (and damagingly) tribal.So it's refreshing to see people of goodwill from all parties coming together to demand a #PeoplesVote on the final #Brexit deal.  
Join us and campaign for #PeoplesVote on the #Brexit deal @peoplesvote_uk Whatever deal we get, the Govt accepts we won't be as prosperous as we would be if we stayed in #EU. Brexit is not a done deal & everyone has a right to demand a People's Vote on it.  
A #FinalSay is not a 2nd referendum. There has been no vote on the #Brexit deal. How could there be! No-one even knows what the deal is going to be like. Bring back democracy. Campaign for a #FinalSayForAll.#PeoplesVote #StopBrexit 
I can't see any polling on this yet (hi @YouGov) but would guess most Tory / Brexit voters support the Windrush-generation petition on the grounds of fairness. Which makes it weirder that the government is not knocking the issue on the head quickly.  
And of course our British friends in EU countries too will just be collateral of Brexit. Ask yourselves what legacy you want to be responsible for. One like Theresa May's above, or one that shows how you cared about people's lives? 3/3 
And to @EUParl_EN / MEPs I say this: if you still believe that citizens are at heart of EU, you must vote down whatever twisted Brexit deal will come out at the end. Because if you don't, make no mistake, EU citizens in the UK will have the same kind of future ahead of them. 2/ 
Remainers never learn anything do they? It's because of these people we voted to leave. Preachy, vacuous, superficial, know-nothing, shallow, treacherous, narcissistic, privileged, virtue signalling tossrags.#Brexit  
In the next one year a REFERENDUM  is inevitable; fighting it with “ this country is not ready for 2022” or “few people want power at the expense of development” is political suicide...the country needs a boogeyman.. who will it be? 
#seizethevotedon't get distracted.. 03/05/2018 may be our last chance to stop Brexit madness..#ABTV - Vote REMAIN PARTIES ONLY..#stopbrexit  
The time to be heard is now! Carry the momentum of the #PeoplesVote launch today by casting an anti-#Brexit tactical vote #ABTV in the #LocalElections2018 on May3rd. #SeizeTheVote! Let the 2 main parties know we want a #FairVote on the #WithdrawalAgreement this autumn. #FinalSay 
Guy on the escalators in St.P ran past and said "excuse me... Keep it up!"  can't help but think if we get a #PeoplesVote loads of people who are silent but distressed about #Brexit will come out in support of #Remain. Keep the campaign visible guys, people are noticing! 
Facebook is interfering directly in elections - and interfered in the brexit referendum. Not just through third parties like Cambridge Analytica. Facebook itself. In secret.  
Nice to meet @SirPatStew today to discuss his support for a #peoplesvote  on the #brexit deal once #Brexitreality is known #PeoplesVote patrick stewart 
Laughable Express headline. Brexit is backed by offshore press barons, Farage, Rees-Mogg, Johnson, Banks - the true wealthy elite. With support from Trump, Putin and every far right/fascist group in Europe. They don’t give a fig about ordinary people.  
"There's no doubt that Jean Luc Picard and Charles Xavier would have voted Remain and I'll tell you why..." - actor @SirPatStew explains why he thinks Parliament must vote before a final Brexit deal is made  
Great piece - "We're not trying to be cool. This referendum isn't about social media posts and 'Repeal' jumpers. We are trying to be empathetic with the hundreds of women across Ireland whose health has been compromised because of the constitution."  
Anti-Brexit campaign is led by 'luvvie actors and wealthy elite - NOT the British people'   
Just the process of #Brexit could cost £2bn by next March, ac to @instituteforgov, mainly extra civil servants for more red tape.Cue hollow laugh recalling #Brexiteer promises to slash bureacracy & handsomely fund the #NHS.#exitfrombrexit #PeoplesVote 
A dangerously dim and inept prime minister,  propped up by extremists who don't accept dinosaurs existed, has no mandate. Yet she follows Trump (FBI's most wanted) to bomb the most unstable place on earth.She can't be allowed to push a deranged and harmful Brexit#PeoplesVote 
Marr SLAMS luvvie Patrick "I don't accept Peoples Vote" Stewart"That's exactly the problem, a famous actor in North London, surrounded by rich backers.You should be in West Yorkshire, where you were born, outside the metropolis."#Brexit #PeoplesVote 
Leading supporter @Anna_Soubry makes the case for a #peoplesvote on the final Brexit deal outside our hugely successful launch event this afternoon  
One of the loudest roars from the audience at #PeoplesVote today goes to @ChukaUmunna calling the Labour Party to “be true to it’s values” - we currently have a Labour Party leadership which is completely out of touch with it’s members on the issue of Brexit  
Tony Blair joined @anandMenon1 for @UKandEU's conference to talk about Brexit and giving the British people a final say on the negotiated deal. You can watch their conversation in full here:  
Anti-Brexit campaign is led by 'luvvie actors and wealthy elite - NOT the British people'   
We know that the Kremlin wants to split the EU - and it funds far-right groups to support that agenda. Putin backed Brexit, as did other shady vested interest mobs. A #PeoplesVote on the final deal is critical if we want to preserve our democracy 
If you know what Steve Bannon's Cambridge Analytica and AIQ have been up to - and the collusion between different Brexit campaign groups, you cannot deny there being a #PeoplesVote. Unless of course you think it's okay for populations to be scammed by shady cartels 
Twitterstorm tonight Nice warm day - back to the serious stuff! #SeizeTheVote - chance to send our message on May 3rd that we want to #stopbrexit Now! before any more damage is done. #SeizeTheVote #ABTV - 6-8pm highlight voter registration and anti-brexit vote in #LE2018 
Leading Brexiters want to destroy the #NHS. They are rich, for them health bills would be cheap, but their taxes would be hugely reduced. So they are doubtless drooling over the thought of a #Brexit trade deal with the USA which would all but end the NHS.#StopBrexit #ABTV 
We did it! We've officially launched our new campaign, @peoplesvote_uk. It does what it says on the tin: calls for a People's Vote on the final #Brexit deal.But we need your help! Sign up to the latest news and chip in by following the link below. 
Anti-Brexit campaigner @SirPatStew says pushing for a #PeoplesVote and stopping Brexit is for the benefit of both Brexiters and Remainers. Watch and read more:  
Boris Johnson mistaking Star Trek for Star Wars on #marr earlier while talking about @SirPatStew joining the Brexit deal referendum campaign should of course not go without posting this @swear_trek GIF... 
But Patrick you live in America now, what does Brexit have to do with you? How do you think your interference plays to the British people? Not at all well I can assure you.  
#brexit 11 new facts about #BrexitReality @InFactsOrg 
InFacts’ @hugodixon lays out 5 new facts which mean we need a @peoplesvote_uk on the final #Brexit deal.  
I don’t think we need to get ready, I think we are ready now. That’s why I believe there should be a referendum on Scottish independence within 18 months #ScotRef #IndyRef2 
No 10 refuses request to discuss children of Windrush with Caribbean Heads of State>But we still want a favourable trade deal (to us) with you all after our self-inflicted hard brexit... #Empire2.0 
How did Lord Adonis just get away -unchallenged - telling @BBCNews that ‘Theresa May promised £350m for the NHS’ post Brexit? Not only did she never say this, she wasn’t even on that side of the debate (she voted remain). Bad show from the BBC #BrexitShambles #Brexitreality 
It was an absolute pleasure to be a small part of the #PeoplesVote campaign launch today. Optimistic about students and young people talking control of their destinies and calling for a People's Vote on the Brexit Deal. #FFS 
Personal stories of the traumas of the 8th are what will win this referendum. Here’s me sharing mine:@Together4yes #RepealThe8th 
Anti-Brexit campaign is led by 'luvvie actors and wealthy elite - NOT the British people'  
Good to see Wales represented in the #PeoplesVote crowd today in Camden! Feeling positive about the future like I haven't felt since the 2016 referendum.  
The old ‘Spirit of Brexit’ turns out to not be much of a footballing tactic then.  
I voted leave in 2016 thinking we’d have the same benefits as now, more money for public services & additional global tradeI’ve since changed my mind & am a #RemainerNow. Here’s a short video explaining whyI demand a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit dealcc @peoplesvote_uk 
Incredible support from across the political spectrum for a #PeoplesVote on Brexit.Well over a thousand people at the launch of @peoplesvote_uk today, including campaigners, Lords & MPs.Give the people a #FinalSay to #StopBrexit and #Remain in the EU. 
Sir Patrick Stewart: My Star Trek and X-Men characters would be anti-Brexit  
Tough shit, Harry Potter and Darth Vader would have voted Leave. #Brexit  
Brexit: House of Lords set to defeat UK govt on key piece of EU withdrawal legislation, urging an arrangement which “enables the United Kingdom to continue participating in a customs union with the European Union” 
I think, until people get their noodle’s around the concept of hostile state targeting of U.K. democratic process, it’s neccessary to accept that Brexit is otherwise going to happen. There is only one brake on this runaway train and nobody is really reaching for it. 
Honoured to speak at a rally today in front of over 1,200 activists and campaigners to call loud and clear for a People's Vote on the Final Brexit Deal! It's our future and we need to take back control! #PeoplesVote #FFS 
Many great speakers at the #peoplesvote launch. Including 4 MPs from different partues. Calling for a referendum on the deal.Outside @Andrew_Adonis was doing an interview. Whilst he did not speak at the  launch I cannot understand why the BBC were not interviewing him? pic.twitter.com/usx2Ts4tBQ 
BBC News - Brexit: 'People's vote' campaign group launched  
Sir Patrick Stewart: 'I want a second referendum on Brexit because we were lied to during the campaign'  
That Patrick Stewart says Picard would have voted Remain reveals the narcissism and shallowness of the legacy remain movement. Gives us an insight into how they uncritically and naively bought into the EU's projected self-image.#Brexit 
If only I had known the views of a fictional C24th starship Captain and a mind reading mutant before the referendum.  
And @BorisJohnson et al called the #Brexit vote 'Independence Day' The irony is so heavy it could press my shirts.  
Incredible event today launching the new #PeoplesVote campaign. The people must be given a say on the terms of Brexit! @peoplesvote_uk 
#TheresaMay you don’t need #parliamentary approval for #airstrikes on #Syria, yet you shiver & shake like an inexperienced jellyfish that you are afraid to make #Brexit decisions with the will of the 52%+ behind you, afraid to upset the minority! PATHETIC #COWARD @theresa_may! 
1,200 people at the launch of #peoplesvote on the Final Brexit Deal including @SirPatStew @Anna_Soubry @ChukaUmunna @CarolineLucas @LaylaMoran @richardreedinno @MazzucatoM @AmateyDoku @nusuk @FFSake_ @Hugodixon @InFactsOrg @lara_spirit @Femi_Sorry @OFOCBrexit & Malcolm Macleod 
#PeoplesVote?How about we first had a referendum on whether Britain's accession to the EEC/EU in 1972 that took place without a referendum was legitimate or not?And Maastricht, and Lisbon.#Brexit  
Finally the BBC News reports an anti #Brexit story 'People's vote' campaign group launched  
See I don’t want to join BBC-bashing but this is the kind of reporting which annoys people. It is not absolute fact that we leave in March 2019. UK might have to seek extension; MPs could still demand a referendum.Is it so hard to begin sentence ‘as things stand’? #PeoplesVote 
"There's no doubt that Jean Luc Picard and Charles Xavier would have voted Remain and I'll tell you why..." - actor @SirPatStew explains why he thinks Parliament must vote before a final Brexit deal is made  
#PeoplesVoteI voted Brexit because I wanted UK Independence, freedom to sign bilateral trade agreements, secure borders & have controlled immigration. No organisation / person influenced me, but some spoke for me. It was my OWN CHOICE. And there are millions who did the same. 
Captain's log:1. A rogue Earth vehicle - known colloquially, I believe, as a 'bus' - LIED during the referendum campaign.2. And therefore, as Captain of Our EU-SS Enterprise, I demand Our Second Ferengi-dum.3. Resistance to Our EU is - literally - futile.4. That's all, folks!  
WATCH | An actor's useless without a script in his face. Patrick Stewart making no sense as he calls for a 2nd referendum, but not to stop Brexit, although he freely admits he and the sci-fi characters he plays want to stay in the EU. Bonkers. #Marr 
In response to Patrick Stewart’s backing of #PeoplesVote, Johnson says that #Brexit will enable us to ‘boldly trade with places we have perhaps neglected in the past’.How dumb can you get?#StopBrexitSaveBritain#PeoplesVote 
"We need a #PeoplesVote on Brexit" - @Anna_Soubry , brave! Many more Tories to come 
Theresa May is to pledge to put the 52 other countries in the Commonwealth at the heart of a global Britain after Brexit — the value of goods and services flowing within the Commonwealth is estimated at $687bn and likely to rise to $1tn by 2020  
Some people who voted for #brexit were and are racists. We cannot say how many.  People had different reasons, but to pretend that racism was not a reason undermines sense.  
Allowing a referendum on independence to go ahead would just create division. Unlike not allowing it to go ahead obviously.  
.@AmateyDoku speaking on the #peoplesvote on behalf of @FFSake_ #FFS ‘young people will step up... Brexit isn’t inevitable!’  
At launch of #peoplesvote in Electric Ballroom with anti-Brexit hero @albawhitewoolf  
MPs of all parties are calling for a #PeoplesVote on Brexit.@Anna_Soubry, @ChukaUmunna, @LaylaMoran and @CarolineLucas are speaking at the launch of @peoplesvote_uk.With the reality of the Brexit deal now so far from what was promised, give the public a #FinalSay. 
‘Labour needs to be true to its values & support a people’s vote.’ Chuka Umunna at launch of campaign for referendum on Mrs May’s Brexit shambles #peoplesvote 
Follow @peoplesvote_uk to get behind the campaign for a vote on the final Brexit deal. Fantastic energy created by people from different parties coming together to fight on the biggest issue facing the UK 
Proud to support the cross party People's Vote campaign. As #LibDems have long said, it should be the people, not politicians who have the final say on the #Brexit deal. 
I’m with @SirPatStew in backing the campaign for a #PeoplesVote on the #Brexit deal - #Engage! @Open_Britain  
Patrick Stewart- there has been an attempt to shut down debate about Brexit. Our country’s future is at stake and we will not stand idly by. That is why we must support a #PeoplesVote 
Brexit: 'People's vote' campaign group launched - BBC News#PeoplesVote#FBPE 
Charles Xavier, Jean Luc Picard and Sir Patrick Stewart appear on stage to call for a #PeoplesVote on this Brexit deal. Make it so!  
Even if I were to accept Windows as a viable everyday OS otherwise, what I'll never be able to accept is the thing where I just now booted it up and Cortana flashed a notification from the Daily Mail about "Labour PLOTTING with CORBYN to stop BREXIT" or something to that effect. 
REMOANERS: Anna Soubry and Chuka Umunna push for 'people's vote' on final Brexit deal.A shameless attempt to overturn the Brexit vote and the will of the people. 
Full house of over a thousand for the launch of @peoplesvote_uk.Brexit is turning out nothing like what was promised during the referendum. We’re better off if we #Remain in the EU.Give the public a #PeoplesVote to #StopBrexit. 
Electric Ballroom in my native Camden Town packed for launch of #People’sVote, the campaign for a referendum on Mrs May’s Brexit shambles, so we can stay in EU & not trash our economy  
Hundreds of people queueing round the block unable to get into #PeoplesVote rally. Don’t let anyone tell you there is Brexit fatigue or that people don’t care enough to demand a vote in final Brexit deal. Campaign hard 
Full house for the @peoplesvote_uk launch in London. We’re not even going to have to “Trump” the figures... Good deal or bad deal, people clearly think #Brexit this is a big deal.  
Hi Catalonia! My name is James from Scotland. I am not a Catalan but I speak Catalan. Today I am here in solidarity. Voting is not a crime. Organizing a referendum is not a crime. Demonstrating in the street is not a crime. All in all is just Democracy 
"I want a second referendum on Brexit because we were lied to during the campaign"  
Do you remember when 71% of City economists predicted a recession immediately after the referendum? When Goldman Sachs predicted $ £ parity?  
Read anything by any of the campaigners for Brexit and you will find racism. Hell, just go to leave dot eu's twitter feed right now, pal. 
Really excited to be on stage shortly with this legend @SirPatStew to call for young people to take back control of their futures and support a people's vote on the Brexit Deal! #PeoplesVote #FFS 
The Brexit vote had a fuckton to do with racism you idiot 
Great to be joining @SirPatStew to launch campaign for a #PeoplesDeal #Brexit  
52% *stares blankly* so this percentage means something but the actual referendum result doesn't.  
Waiting in the longest queue to get into #PeoplesVote launch. Snakes around three streets. Great to see so many support a people's vote on the final #Brexit deal but hope we get in!  
Brexiteers must vote smart in the local elections. If your favoured Brexit party is not running. If a genuine Brexiteer is standing in May, vote them in. The priority is too remove remain Councillors. Let's say to remainers. We will vote you out anywhere and everywhere. 
No, I won’t stop my attacks on the Brexit biased BBC  
Delighted to help launch #PeoplesVote campaign alongside @ChukaUmunna @LaylaMoran, @Anna_Soubry, and loads of young people who want a say on their future! #Brexit  
I agree brexit in itself will have limited impact on the international situation. Rather I’m arguing that given the situation, it is a bad time to be fundamentally clanging our economic and trading arrangements. Particularly with the coming constitutional crisis in the US. 
@SirPatStew “The1st time I was back on the continent after the referendum,on the busy,colourful streets of Ghent&Bruges,I felt distinctly uncomfortable,bordering on ashamed,that my country was now seeking2unravel all that had been achieved..Brexit campaigners had deceived people“  
Sat with Patrick Stewart just casually discussing Logan.  I can die happily now.(once we've stopped brexit) 
It's the Tube. Possibly Saturday night, possibly pissed. 2 women behave like dicks, but apparently it's Brexit's fault. They just do not stop do they, it's SOOOOO tedious.  
It’s not just the revelations that the #LeaveEU campaign cheated, it’s the fact that the emerging #Brexitreality bears no resemblance to what they promised. No wonder there is a clamour for a #peoplesvote on the actual #Brexit deal ! 
honestly Australia isn’t going to need a referendum to become a republic anymore. after this #ClosingCeremony the Queen will probably throw us out of the Commonwealth. #GC2018 
Dear @10DowningStreet -The British people are still expecting a pitch perfect delivery next year so don’t think we have forgotten...what with all the Russian poisonings, bombing Syria etc..etc.We want it done & we want it done well. So keep your eye on the ball.#Brexit   
"Future historians will naturally focus on the impact of the Brexit decision. But I predict that one major part of their inquisition will be how we as a country were persuaded that we should take such a decision so irrevocably." Watch Tony Blair's speech:  
Members of the British Conservative party ‘do not understand where the border is, who’s the Taoiseach, what the difference between Fine Gael and Sinn Féin are, there is a lack of understanding’ - @nealerichmond tells #twip #brexit  
Reminder: virtually the whole of the Brexit-promoting UK press is controlled by billionaires and multimillionaires who do not live in the UK: Murdoch, Rothermere, the Barclay brothers... Unlike Sir Patrick Stewart, they've lied shamelessly & repeatedly about #Brexit#PeoplesVote  
You cannot fight Brexit and not fight racism. They are two sides of the same hate-filled coin.#RiversOfLove 
They know Corbyn is bigger than Brexit. A Corbyn led Govt will blow away all the economic myths lauded as fact for the last 30 years by the establishment and media. Make a start for change #voteLabourMay3 
Do you trust politicians to get a good deal? Most people think that the people should sign off on this Brexit deal, not just a handful of politicians.  
@eddiemarsan #RiversOfLove This thread is the best I've ever seen on twitter. It reminds me of what we took for granted before Brexit raised its ugly head. All those people on here who found a soul mate knew that souls have no colour, race or creed. Love always conquers hate. 
Brexit is a big deal, not a done deal and it is too important for politicians alone to decide, which is why today we've launched a campaign for a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal. Pls RT  
I too am very proud as a London MEP for 19 years to have been a close friend of the British Cypriot Community and the Republic of Cyprus and Brexit will now sever a very important link between Cyprus and the UK sadly. I thank all those British Cypriots who voted Remain.  
Patrick Stewart backs campaigners calling for a 'people's vote' on Brexit  
As new facts emerge, it's clear we need a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal.@peoplesvote_uk 
Edinburgh march for vote on final Brexit deal: It states there were 12 rallies, in fact there were 117. Come on BBC! #peoplesvote 
The reality of #Brexit is now sinking in fast. It can’t be delivered. That’s why we need another vote. The #PeoplesVote. Please RT @Jon_Danzig’s report on the urgent need for another vote on Brexit. Link:  
Blimey. Flagship #Brexit mouthpiece Daily Express is running a poll showing 98% DIDN'T vote for #Brexit (on 7.2k responses).Has the Grand Brexit Delusion peaked & the Great Brexit Denial begun?Seize the moment!#RegisterToVote in #LE2018May3 #TurnUp to Vote anti-Brexit#ABTV 
The likelihood of #BrexitFraud grows weekly. More lies seem to be uncovered - why lie if there is nothing to hide? The #brexit process should be paused while this is examined and criminal prosecutions brought @Theresa_may 
Government analysis shows that May's Brexit would cost a staggering £57Billion per year.And that is only if the negotiations go well, DExEU estimate that a WTO deal would cost £82b per yearThis is madness, #stopbrexit now 
Remainiac HQ meeting:  “what can we do to win people round to a second referendum?”. Pause.  “I know! Let’s get some celebs and people with knighthoods to head a campaign”.  “yes! And Blair, the CBI and some experts.  Worked a treat last time!”. 
I’m with #PatrickStewart in this and most other things... I’d love to help out! BBC News - Brexit: 'People's vote' campaign group launched  
I agree in one specific sense - that globally brexit is a distraction rather than a disaster. But for the U.K. to embark on a major change in its economic, trading and geopolitical position at this time is bad for the U.K. 
The U.K. has limited influence, but given this backdrop I think brexit is a terrible distraction, weakening Europe at a critical time. I do not think in this context a majority would now support brexit, and that’s why for first time I support a referendum on the final deal. 2/2 
Whatever happened to respect for democracy? The people are entitled to vote on Mrs May’s Brexit deal - which they couldn’t judge in 2016 because it didn’t exist  
Massive support for @TheGreenParty’s call for a #PeoplesPoll. The EU referendum was supposed to be the start of a democratic process—not the end of democracy #NotInMyName  
Useful to be aware of how stats are manipulated to create an impression. But as we know from divorce, when similar comparisons were drawn to England and did not bear out, Ireland is not led, we are self-determined. And that is what this referendum is about. #repeal #Together4Yes 
Delighted to announce we have partnered with @Doctors4Choice for our events every Tuesday between now and referendum! Come listen to stories, ask questions and have a chat about the reality of the 8th.Everyone is welcome! #together4yes 
With the #PeoplesVote campaign, British political debate on #Brexit is moving to a new phase. Namely, from buses to vans!Very important message, though. The Brexit deal influences all aspects of life in Britain. The people deserve a vote on such a major thing.  
Kremlin will be very pleased with the division and confusion they have sown in the UK. These successes mean will continue to be key target of such techniques, esp after Brexit. 
.@CarolineLucas on why we’re calling for a #PeoplesPoll on the #Brexit deal   
Whistleblower @shahmiruk has faced tremendous backlash for coming forward to expose evidence that suggests Vote Leave may have cheated in the referendum. Please donate what you can to his legal fund:  
Sir Patrick Stewart says pushing for a second vote and stopping Brexit is for the benefit of both Brexiters and Remainers.  
1. Which Labour policies do you disagree with - or (with respect) are you     *playing the man and not the ball* ?2. It is blatantly untrue that Corbyn (and Labour which he leads) is supporting a *Tory* Brexit. You misunderstand the situation.  
A new campaign has been launched for a "people's vote" on the final Brexit deal between the UK and the EU.Pro-EU MPs, celebrities and business leaders backing the campaign include Sir Patrick Stewart, who says that if voters reject the deal, the UK would "simply stay" in the EU.  
This stuff matters, it really does.  "Work was DONE. By Cambridge Analytica. On Brexit. We have the INVOICE. Money was PAID. This is an EXPENSE. It was not DECLARED."  
Chuka Umunna - I don't think that 650 politicians should be determining what we do on that(final deal) for 65 million people.. I think it's absolutely right that the people should have a #FinalSay on the #brexit deal. #PeoplesVote#StopBrexit #FBPE #marr  #bbcsp 
Looks like @Andrew_Adonis might be making some headway. Don't think this would have been on the front page two weeks ago. BBC News - Brexit: 'People's vote' campaign group launched  
.@CarolineLucas calls for a #PeoplesVote on final #Brexit deal, tells : "I find it extraordinary that even people like yourself seem to object to extending democracy." 
Like its best pal the USA, the UK government thinks the solution to the world's ills is militarism. This mentality issues from its imperial past that it cannot shake off. Next Scottish referendum on self-governance vote Yes for a mind of your own.  
Business and Brexit. Are the Conservatives the party of business? Does 'alignment' with the single market make sense? All this, plus Airbus, the CBI and the prospects for a small manufacturing firm, discussed in my latest blogpost:  
Sir Patrick Stewart on campaign for Brexit deal vote  
Countdown:  Brexit: 348 days, 12 hours, 13 minutes, 57 seconds 
Heard @BBCNews actually mention #PeoplesVote campaign.Said there was demand 'unlikely to succeed' as both Govt and Labour saying it is not their policy.Need to get the message to parties. We don't want Brexit, and we will not vote for any party enabling if supporting it #ABTV 
Why I am voting @UKLabour on May 3 #LocalElections Its NOT because I back Labours Brexit, because I don't. Its because I want to see every single Tory councillor who loses their job, tell their Party the country does not trust the Tories with our future 
To think we had a referendum that changed everything because Cameron was scared of these jokers...  
You have to register by 17 April to vote on 3 May local elections. It could be our only chance to register our dismay about Brexit. To be heard, we must vote for the strongest Remain party locally, v often @LibDems Tory & Labour are Brexit parties. #ABTV  
Government preparing for fresh Brexit defeat in Parliament  
More than half of the UK 'wants a “people’s vote” on Brexit'  
BREXIT: For people who claim to love democracy, Mail readers sure like calling elected MPs who want more of it “traitors” and “pieces of excrement.”  
"We are not opposing or calling for a second referendum" @SirPatStew says #PeoplesVote campaign is requesting a chance to consider the terms of the final Brexit deal. He tells #marr that if the deal is voted down, then the UK should simply stay in the EU 
#marr  Jaguar LandRover losing 1000 jobs because of Brexit.Same Company recruiting inside EU27Why?Because UK is leaving Worlds richest Market!Support The #LibDems and let's  #exitfrombrexit 
Boris: “Patrick had something to do with Star Wars, didn't he? After Brexit we'll be able to boldly go… again! To areas that perhaps we’ve neglected.” #Marr 
We’ve already had ‘The People’s Vote’, says @BorisJohnson. “We’re now trying to deliver on that mandate from the people,” he says in response to calls for a second EU referendum.  
EU (Withdrawal) Bill: Report stage in House of Lords begins on 18 April. The unelected House must respect #Brexit - out of the Customs Union and out of the Single Market.  
We voted Brexit another millionaire celeb who thinks he knows better than the plebs - he's not affected by the EU rules or mass immigration  
Why has the government made so little progress with its post-Brexit immigration policy? A “huge argument” within Cabinet plus an overwhelmed and ill-equipped Home Office. Check out my latest Brexit deep dive.  
Now we've established #CambridgeAnalytica did paid work, can we look at donations in kind. Steve Bannon was a friend and admirer of @Nigel_Farage from 2012. With Mercer's millions he created Breitbart and CA. Of course he was pushing for #Brexit. Key foreign influence.  
NEW POLL: 52% of the public want a vote on the Brexit deal; just 31% are opposed to the idea. The Brexit deal is far too important to be left to Westminster. #PeoplesVote 
Patrick Stewart -The terms & conditions on the #Brexit separation are quite unlike the terms & conditions that were spoken of so loosely during the referendum campaign. Hence the call for a #PeoplesVote#StopBrexit #FBPE #marr  #bbcsp #FinalSay 
Labour councillors at odds with Jeremy Corbyn as they urge voters to help stop Brexit - this, plus research showing that @UKLabour voters overwhelmingly support the #PeoplesVote, means the tide is turning. #Marr  
Well done to Patrick Stewart @SirPatStew for articulately setting out why the British people deserve a #PeoplesVote on any Brexit deal on the Andrew #Marr Show and for fronting - Because the people have been lied to thus far on what it actually means. - 
I blame @NoelEdmonds for people's misconceptions about Brexit.In Deal or No Deal, when you choose "No Deal" you still get to keep what you already had!!! 
Remain groups team up to push for second Brexit vote  via @PoliticsHomeGreat to see the launch of #PeoplesVote getting some attention in the press. Come on @BBCNews, time to step up.Great quote from @LaylaMoran 
Why do people still not understand - We pay more than we get back from the EU- They make more from trading with us than we do from them - They inflate prices of goods sold to UK consumers to prop up their industries - Stunt our trade with other countries#brexit 
"We are not opposing or calling for a second referendum" @SirPatStew says #PeoplesVote campaign is requesting a chance to consider the terms of the final Brexit deal.He tells #marr that if the deal is voted down, then the UK should simply stay in the EU 
Sir Patrick Stewart of Peoples Vote very coherent on #Marr on the need for a vote on the final deal on Brexit.  The single biggest thing that might, might, make this happen would be a big vote for @LibDems in the local elections on 3rd May 
Sir Patrick Stewart  speaking more sense and offering more effective opposition on #Brexit than any party leader #marr #marrshow #WATON @SirPatStew 
Patrick Stewart is right: we need a #PeoplesVote - not least because there is now a mountain of evidence that Vote Leave and other #Brexit campaigners cheated.#Marr 
Troll your Brexit supporting friends/followers by posting this! @nickynoo007 @W_A_T_O_N @UKIPNFKN @Labour4EU @LoubinWally @davidschneider @terrychristian @haveigotnews @vizcomic #FBPE #StopBrexit 
Before he decided that his best chances of becoming PM was to push for Brexit - Boris was an adamant Remainer. He has no shame with his Prime Ministerial ambitions... #ShameOnYou #MArr  #Paterson 
British people are against a second vote: with 38% for and 45% against. But we must not be complacent, the Leave side of the argument must continue to make the case for Brexit, as wealthy anti-democratic Remain campaigners with their vast coffers continue to try and thwart it. 
Looking forward to #PeoplesVote rally today. Calling for referendum on Mrs May’s Brexit deal so we can stay in Europe and not trash our economy 
Significant moment in the politics of Brexit with the official launch of the unified @peoplesvote_uk campaign 
Observer says it has £41.5k invoice from Cambridge Analytica to UKIP from just before referendum and has seen evidence that form of UKIP data processed by CA was given to individuals at @LeaveEUOfficialwhich gave UKIP £42k 
65% of Labour voters want a #PeoplesVote to allow the country to decide the fate of #Brexit. We must not let them down.   
'We knew what we were voting for' is as redundant as 'will of the people'.Lies have been told, are being told, an electorate was manipulated. The referendum was dishonest.#PeoplesVote#FinalSayForAll  
. @BBCRadio4 reporting on the joint campaign launch in #London today @Open_Britain @s4eu @ofoc_brexit @yem_uk @euromove  see you guys there!!!  @mikegalsworthy @EuropeCharlie @Femi_Sorry @YEMPresident 
At least someone gets it!The EU has warned European fisherman that they will have to ask Britain for permission before spreading their nets in its waters in a 'no deal' Brexit scenario.  
MUST-READ: More than half of the UK wants a #PeoplesVote on Brexit, says new survey. Please RT:  
And it achieved all this as a member of the EU. Remind me again why Brexit is being forced through by the UK Govt.? #StopBrexit 
Stop toeing the Government line on the news, @BBCNews - this morning you editorialised on Radio 3 re a second referendum. "A second referendum is unlikely to take place...." you said - that's editorialising, not reportage. Knock it off. 
As MPs return to Parliament, and ahead of the Lords voting on the Brexit bill, there will be a big protest against Brexit outside the Houses of Parliament on Monday.  
Registration for #LocalElection2018 closes on Tuesday.Please share and remind all Eu citizens can vote irrespective of country of origin. Voting for an Anti Brexit Pro Remain Party will send a message to May/Corbyn ConLab to #StopBrexit#ABTV 
We have a serious situation on our hands which isn’t being addressed. The referendum should be investigated and its results suspended. #Referendum#FinalSay 
EXCLUSIVE: "THE EU & THE MISSING €19 BILLION PER YEAR" - Only 86.7% of EU's 2016 spend went directly to member states.  What happened to the rest?  Read our #Brexit research & story:  
“Crashing out of the EU without a deal would be disastrous for #Yorkshire and the Humber’s economy. #Leeds alone stands to lose £6.4bn, while #Sheffield could lose out on up to £2.83bn.” #Brexit - is it worth it?Read more at:  
63% of public want #PeoplesVote on Brexit deal (after stripping out don't knows). When will MPs listen?  
#Brexit: Ministers get ready for defeats in the House of Lords on key piece of EU withdrawal legislationThe government expects to lose a key vote aiming to make Theresa May rethink her position on an EU customs union. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Even the Government's own analysis does not support BrexitWe need a #PeoplesVote to #StopBrexit and stay in the EU 
Throughout the Brexit campaign Boris Johnson was guilty of whipping up scare stories of immigrants and refugees - to imagine now that he and the Tories state that they are bombing Syria for humanitarian means is just a total fallacy #StopTheWar #Hypocrite #Marr  #Paterson 
BREXITEven though UK sells more to the rest of the world than it buys from it (surplus has increased since 2012 to £39 billion) the UK is STILL in the red owing to the vast deficit with Europe in goods because EU trading rules amplify our weaknesses & nullify our strengths.  
#PeoplesVote has been held and we voted Brexit. No more votes required or needed. Parliament has been mandated to leave the EU. Any further vote wouldn't be a "peoples vote" at all and we all know it. 
So if Steve Bannon, Rebekah Mercer, and Alexander Nix cheated on the Brexit referendum you don’t think they would do the same thing in Ameri…wait what was in that email that Trey Gowdy showed to Bannon when they dragged him down to Congress?  
Most Brits have been sleeping. But Sunday they’ll wake up to @carolecadwalla’s receipt. The Bad Boys of Brexit will have to explain why they lied about Americans unlawfully paying for illicit data. No wonder they didn’t disclose it! #CambridgeAnalytica  
Excellent thread on Brexit and democracy.  
That moment, finally, RECEIPTS! The Mercers and Bannon cheated on Brexit with Alexander Nix. Vindicating, terrifying receipts. Care of Carole Cadwalladr for the Observer. More than a year in the making. Unreal. #CambridgeAnalytica 
Nix has been lying. It’s on the Parliamentary record. Carole’s receipt proves it. It’s that simple. They cheated on Brexit. There’s no other way to comprehend it. #CambridgeAnalytica 
I appreciate what you’re saying but I defy anybody to reproduce, for example, a pro or anti Brexit tweet — as opposed to statements of fact. Go on. Have a go.  
#FBPE - a note. Jeremy Corbyn supports brexit. He has said so. please decide whether you want Corbyn or the EU. If you like Corbyn - please unfollow me now & stop putting his face on my timeline. The time has come for you to face up to facts . Thanks 
Carole brings the receipts. Looks a lot like unlawful spending on the data for Brexit. The jig is up. Wonder what Commissioner Denham’s got? Wonder what Special Counsel Mueller’s got? 
Not a single job lost.  Really? Because 1000 jobs just got lost in Jaguar Land rover over #Brexit  
So here's the proof - via @carolecadwalla - Bannon and Mercer's #CambridgeAnalytica were behind both Leave Campaigns during #Brexit. Foreign interference. And we haven't got to Putin yet!  
You have to travel outside the Bubble of Britain to appreciate how very stupid Brexit is. You'd also have to travel back in time. The rest of the world is bored of laughing at us. 
Brexit Explained  
Brexit is a national disaster, the Brextremist won a narrow 635k swing victory. by industrial scale lying, stirring up race hatred & criminal overspending... This is NOT over!  
This little baby is what America, this country & much of the "West" will look like by mid century. It's called  #majorityminority.Even the #RoyaFamily.#Maga ; #Brexit..all that is a last, violent  gasp of an old way. It's gone. Now.pic-h/t-@eddiemarsan  
15 years after GW Bush declared “Mission Accomplished” in IraqIraq War fanned Islamic extremism, gave rise to ISIS, flooded Syria with Iraqi refugees - catalysts for Syrian “civil war” - forcing Syrian refugees into Europe, triggering Brexit…and now a landslide win for Orban  
It was a Twofer!  Cambridge Analytica helped ‘cheat’ Brexit vote and US election, claims whistleblower  
For every 3 Labour supporters who want a Peoples Vote on the Brexit deal, there are only 1 against.Please listen to the Many @jeremycorbyn and stop ignoring the wishes of Labour people. We are pro-Europeans. 
Robert Mercer, Steve Bannon, Alexander Nix, with coordinated help by Cambridge Analytica & Kremlin-backed #FakeNews & bots are behind the scenes of both->BREXIT & Trump election! 
eligible to vote in the upcoming referendum. We know her name. We know her very prolific family name. We keep receipts. Due to the fact this girl is 17 I cannot name her here. She is pretending to be a student midwife to randomers on the street, and a student nurse ? 
Hi @DanielJHannan,Have you read the replies to your tweet? Your Brexit opened Pandora’s box and it has legitimised the racism and xenophobia in those replies.You must be very proud of yourself.  
So, look, have you got this? Because it's IMPORTANT. Work was DONE. By Cambridge Analytica. On Brexit. We have the INVOICE. Money was PAID. This is an EXPENSE. It was not DECLARED. Apologies for the CAPS. But right here is literally a year of my life... pic.twitter.com/E8OMjpA53e 
I recently asked someone why the big supermarkets like Asda and Tesco, weren't coming out and saying that as a result of Brexit, they would be raising their prices, and as soon as the words left my lips I realised how dumb my own question was.(Not exactly great marketing.) 
So this is another one of the accounts that believes personal attacks are the way to win a referendum. Do me a favour, help us prove him wrong and donate to support #ItsTimeToTalk.  Together, we will #repealthe8th #Together4YES 
106 years ago tonight the RMS Titanic hit an iceberg & sank.I assume the captain would've steered away if he had good evidence to know what fate awaited his ship.Sadly the leaders of HMS United Kingdom only seem to be interested in how hard we should ram Brexit.#PeoplesVote 
Brexit is an own goal for Labour. On the doorsteps, they could be explaining why it’s a wicked right wing power grab. They all know it is. 
Looks like Brexit was a Mercer/Bannon operation as we suspected. How does it feel now to take your country back, Britain?  by @carolecadwalla 
When you said you'd reconciled with leaving the EU @Keir_Starmer, it hurt. When you said leaving the EU is inevitable, it pained.We reject what you say and we say fight. We won't lie down nor can reconcile with Brexit. We will fight for our futures, best served inside the EU.  
'Shut up about Brexit, eat stuff and watch TV instead.'In your dreams Brexiters, we'll stop when it stops.#PeoplesVote#FinalSayForAll#StopBrexit 
If #CambridgeAnalytica worked for  and a large portion of @vote_leave's overspend went to its sister company (using same data) AIQ....Then #Brexit was definitely brought to you US Trumpian warriors Steve Bannon and Robert MercerTaking back control, eh?  
Here's Rosneft in the EU Court of Justice, arguing right after the referendum that its challenge to EU sanctions as applied by the UK after incursion into Crimea was strengthened immediately (final sentence) #justsayin  
Angels on the last leg of the tour in Blyth to speak to the public regarding #peoplesvote  This area of Northumberland stands to lose a lot from Brexit @LabourNorth 
Censorship of pro-life: Twitter users in Ireland have been “shadow banned” by the site.This means that their tweets do not appear during searches for Twitter message hashtags relating to the discussion around the referendum #savethe8th #freedomofspeech 
#jaguar Land Rover to cut 1,000 jobs after 'slump due to #Brexit'  
This is the first documentary evidence that Cambridge Analytica did conduct analytics work on behalf of one of the Leave campaigns in the period before the referendum.  
Why a stupid question? Clearly Russia has being trying to destabilise the West and clearly Brexit is destabilising so a perfect opportunity. They interfered in elections across Europe and in the USA. Do you think they took a holiday in June 2016? 
As predicted the BBC have maintained their news blackout of the marches all over the UK for another vote on Brexit. It’s about time they were held to account for their actions along with this corrupt British Government who they support.Stop Brexit. #FBPE 
Dear @10DowningStreet, Thank you for the unexpected gift of Brexit. You really shouldn’t have. I have been staring at it for some time and I regret to say that I cannot understand how it works. I’m nearly 100 years old you know. Please send instructions. Yours, The Irish Border 
Is the answer 'Brexit', Andrew? 
‘Was the Brexit poll compromised? We may need a public debate about that'.The chair of the Commons committee looking into data breaches, @DamianCollins MP, says “the problem could be far bigger than we realise”.Demand a #PeoplesVote to #StopBrexit. 
#Spain has prosecuted 20 #Catalans accused of cloning the referendum website after it was closed by the police. One by one these cases are being closed. 
#SNP tell the UK what it should and shouldn't be doing while simultaneously trying to destroy it.  SNP don't accept the UK #Brexit result applies to Scotland, airbrush out everything British... but want to run UK foreign policy. Inconsistent, lying, angry SNP hypocrites :  
."The government is bracing itself for defeats in parliament on Brexit this week.". 
With every passing month, week, day, the sheer arrogance, and blatant lies of those who believed they were simply untouchable, continue to be revealed.#Brexitscam #LeaveEU #VoteLeave #CambridgeAnalytica #truthwilloutVia @carolecadwalla 
Most importantly though, our tactical votes for pro-EU candidates in 2017 were misused. Both major parties were perfectly happy to use the line that 82% of votes were for pro-Brexit parties as a justification for them supporting Brexit. 11/ 
But our tactical votes were just pocketed. They did not influence the Labour leadership’s policy on Brexit. 10/ 
TL:DR - In an ideal world we wouldn't. That we need to is a shame and shows the failing in our system and the main two parties. Brexit is a local issue as well as a national one, and votes for pro-Brexit parties will be used to justify Brexit. 2/ 
Everything the government does takes forever. Licenses: MonthsZoning Requests: YearsCitizenship: YearsBrexit: YearsBalanced Budget: InfinityEnforcing Borders: Decades, if everEverything takes forever.Except war.The one thing you don't want.War you get right away. 
Wenger:-Washed up-6th place-Losses to small teams all the time-Fans hate him-Empty Seats-Beta maleRobbie:-Fan favorite-Brexit lad-Tactical Genius-Great Transfers (DT and Troopz as backroom staff)-Absolute alpha maleI know who’s my manager. #RobbieIn 
Estonian MP on #Brexit negotiations:Don't get stuck in a Transition. It's a trap.via @BrexitCentral 
Tom, if you know anything about the UK finance industry (which brexit is decimating) you would know that she has been campaigning for transparency in the asset management industry for years before EU referendum was even called. 
Imagine: if instead of planning regime change in Syria since 2000s we had worked to rehabilitate Assad, stabilized Syria after Iraq war refugees flooded it (Syria is the size of North Dakota) - no civil war, no Syrian migrants fleeing to Europe, no Brexit, no POTUS Trump…  
Brexit, why, why, why?Time for ‘the people’ to question Brexit reality, a recipe for dismay and disaster.  
#PeoplesVoteYes, it's true, more older people voted for Brexit than younger people, but let's not forget how many older campaigners there are too, & that they are every bit as determined to #StopBrexit as those half their age. 
Amazing now #Brexit is really at the point of no return the truth is starting to emerge about the EU, such as the fact Germany's getting cheaper energy from Russia's GazProm than other member states (and to their knowledge) who pay almost double! Disgraceful #TurningRight 
'Was the Brexit poll compromised? We may need a public debate about that' says @DamianCollins putting the rule of law and parliamentary sovereignty at the heart of the #Brexit #CambridgeAnalytica @CommonsCMS investigation   
This above all makes me hate the EU with every fibre of my being - the arrogance and presumption. #Brexit  
Cabinet members all raking in tidy sums from privately-let property tenants, figures reveal ‘It feels morally reproachable that Cabinet members, intent on wrecking our prosperity through Brexit, should be feathering their nests so nicely' The Independent  
, Arron Banks and the new questions about referendum funding  
The Leave campaign broke laws to cheat our democracy. Join the call for a vote on Brexit we can trust. And send your MP a message too.Sign & RT:  
Remain lost an advisory referendum in 2016. We know that.In the nearly 2 years since new facts have emerged. That there was corruption in the referendum. That the campaign promises are impossible. That the world is now more dangerous.Democracy marches on, informed by facts. 
It doesn't. So remind and challenge the Brexit fanatics when they appear on your programme please. Thanks @afneil 
18 of 23 of Britain's business sectors would be better off keeping EU rules after Brexit, CBI says  
Meanwhile on the Home Front . . .The whole infrastructure of the country falls apart while the dictator Tories take no notice of the opinion of the people and force a disastrous Brexit just to satisfy their very rich paymasters !!#FBPE #StopBrexit #StopTories #ABTV 
So many wonderful volunteers out in #Hitchin market square today, and well done everyone else leafleting their own patch in #Herts. Momentum definitely growing for a #peoplesvote on the #Brexit deal!  
Most people in Britain support the idea of holding a vote on any final Brexit deal, poll suggests  
#MillennialAvengers Captain Brexit  
The establishment mainstream media, which has spent the last 2 years whining about Brexit and President Trump, is now happily congratulating Trump for bombing Syria. This means it was a very bad thing. 
#ABetterSpeech - Let's remember some good political speeches that are on message & for the good of the people of the UK - here is my contribution. David Lammy at the Stop Brexit March 2017.  #PeoplesVote 
#EUsupergirl outside #Sheffield Town Hall with @SheffEurope campaigning for a #peoplesvote @finalsay on the #Brexit deal @peoplesvote_uk #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Any @Conservatives @UKLabour MP that does NOT speak out against referendum cheating is clearly behind said cheating and must be removed from their seat in the next GE.  
The Brexit Party interview with me has been delayed for 10 minuted due to network difficulty. Maybe the Zionists DON'T WANT YOU TO HEAR THIs POWERFUL Live Interview! 
Voted @UKLabour for thirty years but now joined @LibDems. Will not vote for them again unless their #brexit position changes. 
A huge thank you to the thousands of activists who were out across the UK in every region and nation campaigning for a #peoplesvote on the final Brexit deal.With @Open_Britain @euromove @_Britain4Europe @WalesForEurope @FFSake_ @ofoc @HealthierIn @Scientists4EU @InFactsOrg 
I've tried to keep this question neutral, but I would like nothing more than to be able to support @UKLabour; however I personally will not until they take a firmer stance to avoid the devastation of Brexit. If they really apply their 6 tests, they'd #StopBrexit & save the UK. 
Vote Leave figureheads Boris Johnson & Michael Gove had a distinctly queasy look on the morning of June 24th 2016.Can't help wondering what was going through their minds.#Brexit #VoteLeave #PeoplesVote 
Brexit developments have paused, but clock hasn’t. We are not ready to leave now and won’t be in October. We are in fact staking our entire economic future at a political roulette table.Take back control. Let the people decide if this is what they want.  
My mum is 82 and I asked her today what way she might vote in the referendum. She replied ‘I am going to vote yes because I think it’s really about women being able to make decisions for themselves!I love HER @Together4yes @SAFEIreland 
Thinking of Labour's handling of Brexit, how does it affect your voting intention in the #LocalElections?Pls RT so we can send @jeremycorbyn & @UKLabour a message of support/a warning that their position will lose them votes.@W_A_T_O_N @bbcquestiontime @guardian @BBCPolitics 
“Brexit batters science job market”Confidence is at rock-bottom in the UK's ability to attract and retain the best scientific and engineering talent from Europe. 
Shall I compare thee to a Brexity day? Thou art more disgusting and more intemperate. Rough winds do shake the @Labour and @Conservatives candidates on 3rd of May, And Brexiters' lease hath all too short a date. Make Brexit die a death most horrid. Out! Out accursed Brexit! 
I suggest we start using the term 'Klepto-Nationalist' to describe the alliance of tax-dodging money and nationalism that is driving the Trump-Mercer-Bannon-Murdoch-Dacre-Brexit-Putin-nationalist-fascist assault on our democracy. #Brexit #StopBrexit #FBPE 
 Not Chuka flash git Umunna again. Always on TV the dweeb. Be trying to derail Brexit, and attacking Donald Trump as usual. Everything wrong with Labour there Chuka Umunna. You had your chance to become Labour leader. You bottled it big time hopeless   politician.  
Are @UKLabour on the side of people who voted to #Remain? #Brexit #Brexitreality Please RT after you vote for a larger sample. 
Brexit delivers opportunities for the UK that we've not been able to take advantage of for almost half a century. Whatever this dreadful Conservative government does will pale into insignificance in half a century's time. Roll on Brexit. Roll on freedom. Roll on prosperity! 
APATHY will cause the demise of the UK.... Already has caused great damage as most people I spoke to today couldn't give one specific issue for why they voted for Brexit - just general platitudes like "the EU - it's corrupt/undemocratic/bullies UK" etc.  #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Brexit Explained  
So the news is full of talk about #Syria and missiles, with no room for #Brexit or @carolecadwalla investigations , which is convenient for the Government at this time. 
Public opinion is shifting towards a #PeoplesVote on Brexit.58% want the public to have the final decision on leaving the EU, polls show.#StopBrexit #FBPE #Remain 
Great to see so much activity all over the UK for #PeoplesVote Remember to make sure you tag @Remainernow if you meet (either in public or on here) regretful leave voters who have changed their mind on #brexit. It’d be great to let them know there are many #remainernow like them 
Great to meet like minded souls in Derby today. No heckling from passers by, many of whom probably work at Toyota or other local industries, and are starting to realise how their futures will be devastated by Brexit #NationalDayofAction #PeoplesVote 
Thousands of pro-EU activists take to the streets demanding vote on final Brexit deal  
The majority now want to #Remain in the EU, polls show.Millions of people who want to #StopBrexit will not be ignored. We need a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal, with a choice to #Remain in the EU. 
Fantastic to be speaking alongside @BrendanChilton @labourleave and Aaron Brown @fishingforleave as we warn of a Brexit that betrays our fishing industry, the Brexit we voted for and leaves us in a BRINO  
BFE: Thank EU everyone who campaigned today on the streets up and down the country to promote the need for a #PeoplesVote on the terms of Brexit! #FBPE #StopBrexit @16MillionRising @euromove @Open_Britain @Scientists4EU @HealthierIn @OFOCBrexit @FFSake_ It has begun!  
Britain's 'blue economy': Why Brexit is a perfect opportunity to build on the UK's seafaring heritage  
I've tried, really have — I've tried to trust this Tory govt. On Brexit negotiations with the EU, on foreign policy, and on an ambitious agenda for a prosperous post-Brexit UK. But they're failing. Big time.And what's worse? The prospect of a dangerously incompetent Labour one. 
Brexit: Is it worth it?  A few said yes, but most seemed to think not.  And many, including leave voters, felt that we did not have enough information two years ago. #PeoplesVote #FinalSay 
Pleased to deliver the important message of @PeoplesVote_UK in #Saltford North East Somerset, This is too big to ignore. Demand a vote for the people on the final Brexit deal #PeoplesVote 
Serious article by @lawrencefelic in @guardian on N Ireland, Food & Brexit.    If you haven't read @The_CIEH @foodresearchuk report out this week, please read it:  Write to your MP, AM, MSP, MLA, MEP. This food issue mustn't be fudged 
@Will_DryOFOC was in Basildon! People agreed Brexit was too big to ignore - we need a #PeoplesVote 
It would take only one of these beasts of the #Brexit jungle to concede that the whole operation was a con to bring the #Brexit house of cards crashing down.Do it. @BorisJohnson @michaelgove 
It's a fair bet that billionaire hedge fund manager Crispin Odey does *not* want a #PeoplesVote.He helped bankroll the #Brexit campaign and cleaned up on it personally to the tune of £220m.The biggest scam of all was that Brexit would strike a blow against the "global elite".  
Uhm, Hun....Your lack of election knowledge aside; Brexit has a democratic mandate and this isn’t WW3. Pls pick up a textbook.  
Beware bribery and corruption in Brexit’s new world  
Huge day of campaigning across the country for a #PeoplesVote on Brexit.Hundreds of local groups made the case for the public to have a say on the Government’s Brexit deal.Well done @euromove @_Britain4Europe @Open_Britain @Scientists4EU @OFOCBrexit @peoplesvote_uk and more. 
hanging a Union Jack upside down is actually a distress signal, and Brexit makes me very distressed. Thank you for your concern Jeff  
#EUsupergirl #peoplesvote STOP BREXIT IS THE ONLY Way!!! #StopBrexit #Sheffield #FBPE #FinalSayForAll #FinalSay  
I think the manner in which Theresa May ordered the Syrian Strikes, should sober up the Remain camp in their belief that she will relent to another EU referendum. 
So while HMG is now busy making sure the Chemical Weapons Convention is respected, will it also be considering the Geneva Convention on Refugees while implementing this guy's #brexit agenda? 'Cause I think the two might be related.  
#Labour voters: want JC in N°10?Then don't vote Labour in #LE2018!Counter-intuitive, right? Consider:JC needs #Remainer vote for N°10, but won't get it if he's pro-#Brexit.Think like a chess player, make a middlegame sacrifice: vote anti-Brexit so he'll change his mind. #ABTV 
.@EU_Commission vice-president @VDombrovskis said it would recognize Catalonia as independent state, if declared in a legitimate process.  - "If there is a clear will of the people and need for a referendum, we need to take that into account and seek means to make it real"  
THANK YOU to everyone who delivered leaflets, spoke to people & campaigned today.Brexit is a big deal, not a done deal and it is too important for politicians alone to decide, which is why we should have a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal. Pls RT:  
Looks like Chester is calling for a #PeoplesVote on this Brexit deal @ChrisM4Chester 
And there we have it. People of #WestonSuperMare #NorthSomerset have emphatically and overwhelmingly voted to say they want to have a final vote on the #Brexit. They don't want to leave it to politicians. #PeoplesVote @Open_Britain @_Britain4Europe @peoplesvote_uk @Scientists4EU 
I wonder if Brexit fans the #AndrewsSisters Neil & Marr will mention this, they love to tell BBC viewers how 'well' the UK economy is doing. Britain's manufacturing output falls for the first time in almost a year  
Really big presence on Cheltenham High Street today with @CheltForEurope. Lots of people very cross with Brexit, May, Davis & co. They’re writing to our MP. They’re signing up to join our group in droves. Oh - and they really do want a #PeoplesVote. @Forty40Kings @strandedatsea 
Brexit isn’t a done deal. Here’s why:- Brexit is bad for Britain.- The Leave campaign was built on lies.- The majority now want to #Remain in the EU, polls show.- And Article 50 can be revoked.We need a #PeoplesVote to #StopBrexit and stay in the EU. 
The #PeoplesVote campaign was extremely well received in #Newcastle today. 2000 flyers handed out, hundreds of conversations had, many new members signed up. Join @euromove @_Britain4Europe @Open_Britain @peoplesvote_uk to demand that the people have the final say over #Brexit.  
So how's #Brexit going? Sorry! No time to talk! Bombing Syria. 
SO PROUD.. Many People From All Across The Land, Uniting To Give This Country A Final Say On Its Future.  #Brexit #PeoplesVote #FinalSay 
In latest this-is-why Brexit happened news, ITV Racing has just explained that Total Recall is the Grand National favourite because, "the punters don't want Baie de Iles, they don't want the French-sounding names, they want the ones they can pronounce." 
Lovely afternoon canvassing in Crumlin with @DubSCRepeal There are a lot of people who are unsure about how they’ll vote and it’s really important to have conversations about the referendum. I encourage everyone to join (or start) their local group  #repealthe8th 
With a third Leave supporting whistleblower coming forward and the ex-Vote Leave staffer saying that overspending was 'on an industrial scale' should the EU referendum result be made null and void immediately due to all the criminality involved? 
96 year old Betty out campaigning for #PeoplesVote on Brexit in Wales today. Go girl!!!  
Great crew in Tiverton today #peoplesvote the mood is definitely changing. People very worried about Brexit and not at all happy with the government. #FinalSay #PeoplesVote 
SPORT: Daily Mail Grand National odds:Brexit Unicorn -  15/1Nazi Sympathizer - 33/1Vampire Jezza - 66/1Blue Passport Hard-on - 100/1#DailyMailGrandNational 
The #StopBrexit team in #Sheffield demanding a @Peoplesvote_UK #FinalSay #EUsupergirl was told by a bunch of pensioners that I would realise #Brexit will be fine "when I leave uni and go out into the big bad world" I Convinced a young #Brexit voter to sign up though  #FBPE 
Activists out in #Harrogate today campaigning for a #peoplesvote on Brexit.  
Great team effort, lots of people eager to voice their concerns over Brexit #Brexitometer #PeoplesVote 
Peter Hain - #Brexit is likely to trigger a far bigger shock to the UK economy than the 2008 global financial crisis or indeed anything since at least the 1929 great crash... We are turning our backs on the largest economy in the world right on our doorstep.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Germany has had a 'sweetheart' deal with Russia's Gazprom to get cheap gas in direct violation of EU law.But the EU has done nothing to punish Germany.Britain's been a mug in applying EU law studiously?#Brexit #Gazprom 
If #Brexit goes ahead it will cause untold damage for generations.If #Brexit is called off it will upset the fruitcake stall.#StopBrexitSaveBritain#PeoplesVote 
Whatever your opinion on Brexit, no one would disagree that it's a big deal. And not a done deal. Sign up to demand a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal. Follow @peoplesvote_uk now and please retweet. 
“A vote for the referendum is not about whether we introduce abortion to Ireland, because it’s already here.” - Dr. Peter Boylan, Obstetrician & former master of the National Maternity Hospital #Time4Choice #Together4Yes 
I think behind closed doors Theresa May likes to call the #SyrianStrikes; bombing for a Brexit, US free trade deal. 
A 40 year old speech about #Immigration by Enoch #Powell (former #Conservative/#UUP MP) has triggered #PC #Lefties & #Libtards. The speech has been online for years. Millions of #Labour voters supported #EnochPowell. He would have voted for #Brexit. (#Migration #Border #Borders) 
Louise from @NE4EU talking about how the #PeoplesVote campaign has been getting lots of positive responses in #newcastle todayFind us at Grey's Monument until 4 to hear why a people's vote on #Brexit will be good for the North East.@Open_Britain @euromove @_Britain4Europe 
This is why we’re campaigning for a #peoplesvote on the Brexit deal -with @Femi_Sorry @euromove @Open_Britain @OFOCBrexit @_Britain4Europe @YEM_UK 
UK can cut immigration after Brexit - and THIS is how   
Lawyers say the Brexit campaign may have deliberately broken electoral law.These allegations need to be investigated. And @BBCNews needs to report on them. If the rules were broken, we need a #PeoplesVote to #StopBrexit. 
Spelling it out today. Let's have a #PeoplesVote to see if the final deal is worth all the hardship #Brexit has already caused. @_Britain4Europe @Open_Britain @euromove 
Joining big team.of @SheffEurope campaigners outside #Sheffield town hall calling for a #PeoplesVote on #Brexit - the only democratic choice! #sheffieldissuper 
When you wake up on May 4th, the Tories will still be in control of N°10 — BUT, if you vote for a pro-EU party in #LocalElections2018 on May 3rd they'll wake up with the message ringing in their ears!Anti-#Brexit Tactical Voting #ABTV = #Greens Independents #LibDems#WATON #FBPE 
Just been anti-Brexit leafleting in a tiny Suffolk town population 3,600. At least 15 volunteers (all the wrong side of 50) turned up in turbocharged Brexitland. Lots of people wanted to talk to us, & we couldn't shift our leaflets fast enough. The tide is turning.#StopBrexit 
At #PeoplesVote campaign today - I love those who want to #StopBrexit & sign the petition, respect those who say they want Brexit & no further vote, but most infuriating are those who say they aren’t bothered...many of them with kids - how can they not care??? @Open_Britain 
.@CarolineLucas: "There is a growing desire for a people's vote on the final #Brexit deal."She's right. I've been campaigning for a #FinalSay referendum on the streets of #Falmouth this morning, and even some Leavers were saying they would like this.#bbcaq 
Brexit vote, hard border Ireland & now Syria attack (bypassing Parliament) further makes case for independence & dissolution  of UK as coherent constitutional democracy 
Vote Leave broke spending limits on industrial scale in #brexit referendum, says former staffer  
We're out campaigning for a #PeoplesVote today, to have a rethink about #Brexit. Join us in #birmingham city centre today at our busy stall for our joint campaign @Open_Britain @_Britain4Europe @euromove @Scientists4EU @OFOCBrexit 
People campaigning across the U.K. today to have a #finalsay on the brexit deal. #peoplesvote 
Thame signs up to a #peoplesvote demand a vote on the final Brexit deal  
Too right - no one voted for fewer nurses and midwives but that's what's already happening with this fudge of a Brexit deal. We need a #PeoplesVote on this deal, instead of leaving it to a few politicians! 
A great turnout for our #PeoplesVote street stall in #woolwich, calling for the people to have a vote on the #Brexit deal.We will be here until 2pm, with volunteers from @Open_Britain @OB_Greenwich @_Britain4Europe @euromove @peoplesvote_uk. 
Here’s #Remainernow Josh, on the day of the launch the #peoplesvote campaign, doing a vlog on how this is not the #brexit he voted for and why he thinks a #voteonthedeal #finalsay is so vital.He also reminds us why it’s not undemocratic! As always  @jdlarwood RT if you agree 
We asked people in Beverley whether they felt optimistic or pessimistic about Brexit and did they want a #PeoplesVote. Overwhelming support for #peolesvote 
Brexit on the other hand must take years and years. 
In 10 years' time, people who voted for Brexit will be as hard to find as all those conservatives who used to support apartheid.@BrexitWatch 
On whether there should or should not be a referendum to accept the terms of the Brexit negotiations:Should: 38%Should not: 45%via @YouGov 
How to make a Fascist Coup:1. Control the Media2. Blame Foreigners3. Remove Rights (Brexit)4. Bypass Parliament5. Start a WarIsn't it time we opened our eyes and started joining the dots?#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Islington North and South out in force - unequivocal backing for a #PeoplesVote on the #Brexit deal at Nags Head centre and Angel stn. Register your backing at  
To everyone out on the streets today in the biggest anti-#Brexit day of action - so far! - THANK YOU#BrexitBetraysBritain so we deserve a #PeoplesVote #FairVote #FinalSay with an option to #ExitFromBrexit #StopBrexit #Remain#FBPR #WATON #ABTV 
To be honest, most people I have spoken to in Wrexham voted to Leave & so don’t support a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal. However, some have raised a valid point, if we do have a vote, we need to be clear on how we will #RemainAndReform the EU. @guyverhofstadt @Open_Britain 
“Mrs May what’s the plan?”“BOMB THEM”“Ok, then what”“what”“Like, should we take in some refugees as we bombed their houses?”“NO. BREXIT MEANS BREXIT”“so what do we do next?”“You shut the fuck up that’s what we do next” 
Register, vote, or be ignored.Vote against Brexit, or your vote will be used to justify it, whatever your intention.  
Plenty of interest already for demanding a #PeoplesVote . @Open_Britain and lots of other volunteers out in the city centre today. Join our @euinbrum stall to talk about Brexit hopes and Brexit worries from 1, in the same place, and be prepared for an eye-catching surprise.  
I've been writing a lot about #Syria in the last few days, much very critical of self-styled antiwar campaigners. But the best way the UK can hit back at Putin is to scrap #Brexit. That would inflict a huge defeat on his hybrid war against the EU.#StopBrexit #FBPE #ABTV 
On #GrandNational day, horses travel from EU countries to take part. I wonder how easy that will be post Brexit. Easier than it will be for you and me? Demand a #PeoplesVote on Brexit and a #FinalSayForAll. 
I then dismantled every single one of his defences of a beneficial brexit and he accepted my points Until the only thing left was "Well I guess we'll have to see. Maybe you'll be right. Maybe I will."Seriously? If you accept that brexit might hurt the country...#PeoplesVote 
Call the referendum. RT if you agree. @theSNP @NicolaSturgeon 
I know the UK govt has lied unceasingly about Brexit. I know it has lied unceasingly about the NHS. I know it lied about Grenfell. I could go on... Why would I believe a single word it said about Skripals or Syria, unless it was confirmed by an independent reliable source? 
Brexit isn’t a done deal. We need a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal. 
It’s unimaginable that this could happen in the capital of the UK in 2018.Stopping Brexit alone won’t fix it, but to let it go ahead is to hand influence and encouragement to people who want or accept a society where this happens.  
PSA: we trans people don’t believe debate is hate speech. Let’s debate the use of bio fuels, the war on drugs, brexit, whether that dress is blue & black or white & gold; debate away!!Telling me I’m not a woman is not debate. It is hate speech. Hope that clarifies. 
Another great team in Burgess Hill on this #peoplesvote action day, calling for a vote on the final Brexit deal  
Brexit without the consent of the Scottish people...Syrian attack without the consent or even consultation of Scottish MPs...Devolution power-grab without the consent of Holyrood...Isn't it time to return the favour and do something WITHOUT Westminster's consent..?#indyref2 
Ever mounting evidence of corruption - we need an honest #PeoplesVote on this Brexit deal  
250,000 jobs in Yorkshire and the Humber, or 1 job in every 10, are linked to trade with the EU.As we see living standards fall and job losses start to hit across Brexit Britain, we call for a #PeoplesVote on May's Brexit deal. 
Brexit was supposed to take back control and stop decisions about the UK being made abroad. Well Theresa May just sidelined parliament and showed the world the UK's foreign policy is dictated by a man on the other side of the Atlantic, who spends most of his time rage tweeting. 
ENOUGH IS ENOUGH INDEPENDENCE REFERENDUM WITHIN 18 MONTHS IS A MUST!  
All ready to to talk with the people of Cambridge about the need for  a #PeoplesVote on the #Brexit deal with the option to remain in the #EU...join us in Market Square and all over Cambridge! 
Should 38 Degrees campaign against Brexit. Yup. Sign  
Here I am doing my bit for getting a #PeoplesVote . We all deserve a final say on the Brexit deal that will affect the biggest constitutional change this country has undertaken in half a century and will effect the future lives of millions of people living in the UK and the EU.  
Getting ready for a day campaigning in Crosby, Merseyside for the right to vote on the final Brexit deal! #peoplesvote 
We have a weak Prime Minister without a majority acting as a puppet to a dangerous being with no impulse control, a agreeing cabinet neck-deep in Brexit cheating chaos, a Parliament who have no say & a media who largely cannot be trusted. #SyriaStrikes 
The UK's involvement in the Syria strikes reeks of May and her minority government trying to look like a global authority as Brexit looms. Worst government we've ever had. Starting to think rioting might be the answer. 
Fascinating paper on the correlates of Brexit, by a team at @UCLSocSci, which finds strong cultural determinants (cf. @epkaufm @GoodwinMJ). Would be interesting to see this analysis with the @PStanig-Colantone data on "import shocks" added 
If you can tear yourself away from Syria....read this piece about the third whistleblower to claim @vote_leave cheated in referendum. One key new detail: he worked for Cambridge Analytica before working for Vote Leave.  
What an amazing start to our largest ever day of action, with volunteers campaigning from Gower to Beaconsfield & Newcastle to Plymouth.We demand a #PeoplesVote on the final Brexit deal. Please RT:  
Whether or not this country accepts the Brexit deal later this year will be the biggest decision taken in most of our lifetimes. It is only right that it should be for everyone - not just politicians - to decide.  
Talking to people and getting support in Sutton about the need for a #PeoplesVote on the terms of Brexit @OpenGBSutton @Open_Britain @peoplesvote_uk 
Whatever you think of Brexit, it's too big to ignore. That's why we need a #PeoplesVote on the terms. @OpenGBSutton @Open_Britain @peoplesvote_uk 
Public opinion shifts towards a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal. And today, thousands of ordinary people at 350 events across the country present the positive case for Europe - we're Safer, Stronger, Better off inside the #EU 
In Ashford today for the big launch of #peoplesvote @_Britain4Europe @euromove @Open_Britain Lots of local people want to know how #brexit will affect them, and want to vote on the final deal  
Are you out campaigning against Brexit today? Send us your photographs!  
Anti-Brexit activists to protest across UK for a #PeoplesVote on the terms of #brexit this weekend.  
Best summary of what we know about the Brexit vote (h/t @anonmugwump)  
Hundreds of events across the country today, thousands of people, campaigning for a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit dealHave a great day everybody  
Athletes that cheat in competitions get disqualifiedWhat should we do about a massively "gamed" referendum, where a narrow win was scraped, using stolen data & built on fraud, overspending & lies? #peoplesvote  Time to ask the people, when the facts are known!#stopbrexit 
Great team of volunteers out today in MK! Just about to start the Brexitometer asking people how they think Brexit is going and asking them to support #PeoplesVote on final Brexit deal  
Working so hard to make brexit work, they decided to go to war to distract us all from it  
All set up and raring to go! Engaging with the people of Shrewsbury on Brexit #Brexitometer #peoplesvote #FinalSay 
How convenient parliament was on Easter Break-May decides to go to war How convenient taking minds off obvious fact brexit isnt going to happen without destroying UK economy health & social care-Diversion technique? Never mind ordinary people of Syria & unstable state of world. 
With the uncovering in recent weeks of how the Home Office is harassing British people from the "Commonwealth" who have lived & worked here for generations here is a reminder of what our immigration policy could look like post Brexit | Claude Moraes  
DAY OF ACTION: Anti-Brexit activists to protest across UK for final Brexit vote this weekend /#Brexit #PeoplesVote 
The Brexitometer is already filling up in Beverley #Brexit #PeoplesVote 
The Leave campaign broke laws to cheat our democracy! Join the call for a vote on Brexit we can trust. Sign & RT:  
Boeing is happy!  Trump voters, like Brexit voters, continue to wait.  
Labour local election canvasser when asked about the party’s position on Brexit  
.Taking Back Control, eh?"Spanish officials could effectively halt Brexit negotiations if they do not get the deal they want with Gibraltar.". 
Whatever the rights and wrongs of bombing Syria, the decision should’ve been taken by parliament...but May bypasses it on Brexit and now bypasses it on war. This from a PM who doesn’t even have a majority, yet acts like a president. 
I am taking back control. I have as much right as anyone else to have and express an opinion. I’m sure you will agree, this is the cornerstone of democracy. 38% of voting population voted for Brexit; hardly an overwhelming mandate.  
Welcome to Brexit Britain.If this doesn't reflect the kind of society you want, reject it.#StopBrexit 
The growing view in Theresa May's office is that she has no mandate for an extreme Brexit, official says  
Former Vote Leave activist says Brexit 'tainted' due to alleged election spending violations  
Out of all the NATO nations Putin has identified the UK as the weak animal to pick off from the pack.Regardless of your view on Brexit it has fractured our democracy and left us vulnerable. 
The Brexit assessments the Government didn’t want released have been published - now everyone can see what they were hiding  via @LondonEconomic 
Theresa May no fan of parliamentary scrutiny: tried to trigger Brexit without a vote and has now taken military action without one.  
This haste by May's cabal in launching the #SyriaStrikes also proves that the #Salisbury poisoning was a provocation - although very badly planned and executed - intended to kick-start a whole line of events that would allow to postpone and then cancel #Brexit 
Thousands of pro-EU activists to protest across UK to demand second referendum on final deal. #Peoplesvote @Peoplesvote_uk 
I watched @BBCNews at 6 then @ITVnews at 6.30 & @channel4news at 7.  BBC omitted any mention of Brexit but both ITV & Ch4 said Brexit was a factor.  That's how BBC keep us all in the dark about Brexit.  @rburgessbbc #stopbrexit 
Whatever you think about the British military operation in Syria it was the action of a sovereign government. More influenced by the decisions of the USA than the EU. The Brexit claim that we aren’t a sovereign nation and are ‘controlled’ by the EU is a lie. 
What about the murders taking place on our home soil? I think that should take precedence over the goings on in Syria.This country is turning into a  would be a nice if you sort our country out first. + it hasn’t distracted my attention away from Brexit  
Arron Banks and Brexit’s offshore secretsExcellent investigation by @openDemocracy that explores links between UK offshore tax industry and the Leave campaign 
@jeremycorbyn Jeremy, after what we read yesterday, about Nissan/Renault, do you still think that this Brexit thing is a good idea!Jobs First and Brexit do not mix, they don't even get close!Please start thinking about PEOPLE, NOT *YOUR* out of date IDEOLOGY! 
Whenever I point out a failing of Brexit, someone tells me Brexit was never about that.Economy? Never about thatMigration? Never about thatSovereignty? Never about thatJobs? Never about thatGlobal influence? Never about thatGrowth? Never about thatWhat IS is about? 
So Teresa May , you don’t need parliamentary approval for air strikes on Syria yet you quiver & shiver , shake like an inexperienced jellyfish that you are afraid to make brexit decisions with the will of the 52% behind you afraid to upset the minority: Man up May or step down !! 
My reflection too from a conference of Irish engineers yesterday in Limerick. I was impressed by their 2040 vision: they simply couldn’t understand Brexit!  
BREAKING NEWS: It is planned to form a new group ‘North Yorkshire for Europe’ in #Harrogate today after street campaigning as part of the nationwide Pro-European Day of Action! Be there at the very start of a new anti-#Brexit group. 11am-1pm at St Peter’s Church, Cambridge Rd.  
A photo of our last #Woolwich street stall. Join us & @OB_Greenwich in the same location from 11-2 today, as we demand a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit deal.This is part of the largest pro-European action day ever, w/ @_Britain4Europe @euromove @Open_Britain & @peoplesvote_uk 
Preparing for our Action Day. The people of Britain deserve a say on the final Brexit deal #peoplesvote 
Whatever your opinion on Brexit, no one would disagree that it's a big deal. And not a done deal.Good deal or bad deal, it's definitely a big deal - and that's why it should be put to a People's Vote.Sign & join the campaign now: 
Why being a vocal Remainer, immigrant and woman of colour makes you the definitive enemy of the Brexit cause.  
From Brexit to Syria it is very clear that Theresa May' s instinct and behaviour is to avoid parliament wherever possible. 
Edinburgh march for vote on final Brexit deal  
It’s certainly the first referendum in history where people are being asked to remove a constitutional right.  
BBC News - Edinburgh march for vote on final Brexit deal Well I'm blowed! From the Beeb.@Bremaininspain 
LYRIC SQUARE 11.00 - 13.0070% of Hammersmith & Fulham voted Remain. Brexit is not a done deal. We demand a #PeoplesVote on the terms of exit. JOIN US.Nationwide day of action.  @euromove @BestForBritain @Open_Britain 
When Theresa May says there was no practical alternative to joining the attack on Syria, perhaps she should have added ‘if Britain wants to keep in with Trump in hope of a post-Brexit trade deal’ 
There is “powerful evidence including contemporaneous correspondence” that Vote Leave and BeLeave were “intimately linked” and a “prima facie case that electoral offences were committed by Vote Leave in the EU referendum campaign and that these require urgent investigation”  
To everyone campaigning in their local community today for a #peoplesvote on the final Brexit deal, be sure to take plenty of photos and tweet them using the hashtag #peoplesvote so that we can share them and show that people from all across the country are behind this. 
Spanish woman dragged by hair on Tube and told speak English when in England' Another example of broken #brexit Britain. #Leavers, you created this septic atmosphere.  I hope you're pleased with yourselves. via @MetroUK 
Brexit or UKExit? Twelve predictions about Northern Ireland’s future  via @IrishTimesBooks 
Britain used to be a very open & friendly country. This is not the country I felt in love 17 years ago. I’ll fight Brexit until the end. I want my country back!! “Spanish woman dragged by hair on Tube and told to speak English when in England”  via @MetroUK 
Will we see the dead Syrian children as a result  @theresa_may @Conservatives latest attack on Syria? Doubt it. But  never stopped warning nation that May dark dangerous in politics Under smokescreen Syria & Brexit she is still building police state in UK.  
News like this makes me all the more determined to fight brexit:Reports of Islamophobic hate crimes more than double since Brexit vote #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Boris Johnson and Michael Gove were both leaders of the 'Vote Leave' Brexit group. now found guilty of considerable funding irregularities that skewed the Brexit referendum. Boris & Gove are culpable and should be sacked from their cabinet roles... #BorisOut #GoveOut #ToriesOut 
In Jean-Claude Juncker's tiny home state of Luxembourg, the most-respected legal system in world (British) is represented by just one person in this group photo of the most powerful court in the EU. Full #Brexit story:  
"WHO HAVE BEEN THE NAUGHTY BOYS & GIRLS?" #Brexit Facts4EU brings you the EU court’s roll of shame for breaking treaty obligations in 2016. Full story:  
It’s hard to articulate how repellent I find this Tory government. Deliberate creation of more poverty in UK, manipulating Brexit for themselves/illegally bombing Syria - all by an unelected Prime Minister, human rights violations committed daily. Dangerous, entitled, idiots. 
BREXIT THREAT: Brussels set to strip UK airlines of safety certificates in no deal Brexit. Works both ways, you bullies!  
I demand a vote on the final Brexit deal #peoplesvoteTODAY!! (14 April) Join us at one of over 130 events nationwide!!@Open_Britain @euromove @_Britain4Europe @WalesForEurope @OFOCBrexit @FFSake_ @HealthierIn @Scientists4EU @InFactsOrg 
How you can help the grassroots anti-Brexit campaigns today. Support us if you believe the people should have the final say #peoplesvote @euromove @ct4europe @EK_EuropeanMove @Open_Britain @_Britain4Europe 
Brexit lessons from the USSR: a transition period is a trap, says @DavidScullion 
A woman was viciously attacked on the London Underground for speaking Spanish. The assailants demanded that she speak 'English in England". Is this the Britain we want? Brexit and its backers has normalised racism and bigotry. This needs to stop #StopBrexit 
We are also 'obsessed' with opposing Brexit.Thank you, that´s another badge of honour for our collection.#StopBrexit 
Strangely no one is talking Brexit or Stormy Daniels today. Funny, that. 
*Brexit Means Leaving The EU Because One Side Criminally Overspent On Lying And Racist Campaigning*  
Thousands of pro-EU activists take to the streets demanding vote on final Brexit deal  
10. We consider that there is a prima facie case that the following electoral offences were committed by Vote Leave in the EU referendum campaign and that these require urgent investigation.  
Err ... Japan has a trade deal with the EU. Japan does NOT have a trade deal with the UK after Brexit.ps. You seem obsessed with Aston Martin. As if luxury cars and jam can make up for the loss of financial services passports and supply chain manufacturing.  
Congratulations, Proposition 18B: Student Transformation through Academic Recruitment and Retention (STARR) Referendum! You passed. 
Theresa May. You didn’t have the courage to fight for Brexit. But you willingly enter a fight with the secular leader of a sovereign country & incur the wrath of  Russia. #SyriaStrike 
Theresa May is going ahead with Brexit because "that is the will of the people" she says..... Well the people #SayNoToWar ..... so make a swift EXIT Theresa! 
Brexit is a kind of political homeopathy. You begin with an irrational idea and then dilute it to the point where, notwithstanding that the original claims were false, they aren't even present in the final product. You then pretend it'll still work because of a magical ingredient 
Material ChangeBrexit against our willSupreme Court Challenge of the Continuity BillIllegal war against our will 
How could anyone be unsure “about” the abortion referendum like it’s either you believe women deserve full rights to their bodies or you don’t 
Pretty interesting that Trump and Brexit are both unraveling with increasing velocity. Cheaters always get caught. That’s the thing. 
The World Cup of Crisps was followed by an argument about Brexit. And there in a nutshell is your English, middle class evening. 
Sorry but I do not understand why UK labour is keeping JC as the leader of the party. Either sack him out or create a other party with the anti brexit people as done in France with Macron! 
It doesn't matter what the fuck you thought you were fucking voting for.  This is all that's left of Brexit, fascist, racist, hateful xenophobia. You can shove it up your fucking arses. I will never support this, go & fuck yourselves you despicable fucking fucknuggets. Fuck you.  
Brexit: Thousands of pro-EU activists to protest across UK to demand new referendum on final deal.We need a #PeoplesVote so the public have the #FinalSay on the Brexit deal.The public have a right to #StopBrexit and #Remain in the EU. 
“The Leave campaign broke laws to cheat our democracy! Join the call for a vote on Brexit we can trust”. Sign & RT:  
Jaguar Land Rover to cut output and jobs due to Brexit, diesel slump: source.Brexit is putting thousands of jobs at risk. We need to #StopBrexit and #Remain in the EU. #FBPE. 
Horrific xenophobic attack on London night tube. I blame the #brexit climate and all politicians who foster it  #StopBrexit #FBPE @BrexitBin @jphcoleman @cliodiaspora @Haggis_UK @Emma_Forage @NickyHay4Blog 
Brexit?   
SO: #ABTV = Anti-Brexit Tactical Voting in the May council elections to make the parties come to their senses and STOP BREXIT or give us another say on whether to continue with it. 
The nub of Labour 'policy' on Brexit is a confusing fudge: IN EFFECT it's "stay in but be 'out' enough to have no say on the running or development of the EU" - ? - makes no sense, other than wishing to appear to 'respect' a highly unrespectable & defrauded referendum 'result.' 
If you are undecided about the referendum take a few moments to read comments on the #TogetherForYes funding campaign. In small eloquent statements dignity soars. Let’s show them we care. #Vote #Repeal 
May 2016Brexit vote will spread panic among investors - IMF April 2018Foreign investment in Britain hits all time high - Economist  
We need less bleating about Brexit and gender pay gaps and more focus on the true issues that are harming architecture, says Paul Finch   
2016: “Brexit isn’t about race.Leavers arent motivated by racism”2018: “Enoch was right, though”  
They're coming out in droves...Can't think why? Could it be because #Brexit is going to be monumentally SHIT?   
 Why was that question asked?  Delusional doesn’t get more delusional than this.  If you want to understand what’s going on here—partly the result of nostalgia—and how that relates to Brexit, join me on 11 May at 6pm for this event   
Bloody remoaners. Causing 1000 job losses at Jaguar in the West-Midlands. Are you happy you undermined the Brexit negotiations now?No, wait! That sounds completely fucking ridiculous. #ABTV 
BREAKING: Theresa May announces plans to drastically reduce immigration to post-Brexit UK by making it shit. More soon ... 
Anti-Brexit Institute of Directors poll of 700 company directors finds business confidence positive for 1st time since Article 50 was triggered (March 2017). IoD: transition deal “brought some much needed reassurance”; Brexit no longer in top three concerns of biz leaders. 
Companies going broke everywhere, nothing to do with Brexit of course. Just bad management. Funny, they were all managed well before Brexit. 
Brexit: aviation hurdles - the Notice to Stakeholders on aviation safety sets out the problems affecting the sector when the UK becomes a third country. The prospect of the entire UK registered fleet being grounded is not theoretical...  #Brexinfo. 
Putin is only one element in a loose ad hoc alliance involving among others Trump, Bannon, Mercer, Murdoch, Dacre, some of the ERG and the European far-right all aiming to weaken and undermine Western democracy.This alliance is our adversary. #StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
It is notable that almost all foreign media are attributing Jaguar Landrover job cuts to both diesel and Brexit but in the UK, it’s just diesel.  
HannanGalactic Gargleblasters  - like getting hit over the head with a lemon wrapped around a large Brexit 
Brexit: Leave broke spending limits on industrial scale, says former stafferThird whistleblower comes forward to make claim over EU referendum spendingThe Brexit vote wasn’t free or fair. The public need a #FinalSay to #StopBrexit  & #Remain in the EU 
The Tories have created a monster in this country.  Camercon gave us austerity which was not needed, followed by party before country which then gave us Brexit.  That left us with Maybot who wants us on the brink of war.  Let us not forget an economy which is the lowest in EU. 
Thousands of EU nationals in Britain could become illegal residents after Brexit, warns report  
The Leave campaign broke laws to cheat our democracy! Join the call for a vote on Brexit we can trust. Sign & RT:  
Can totally believe this - the “had enough of experts” instinct not restricted to scepticism on Brexit economics, plenty with little trust in consensus of chemical weapons “experts” or geopolitics experts etc  
1. So, illegal/ruinous Brexit being pushed by HMG with no plan B & dead against latest WOTP. In other news, deportations of aged long-stay black residents continue & BBC 'pops up' with Full Monty of Enoch Powell racist speech from 50 yrs ago. Britain NOW neither Great nor United! 
The bigger scandal is Gina Miller funded by Soros, the 3 times overspend of #Remain campaign, wheeling Obama out, the IMF, the BoE.  Armageddon which NEVER happened.  Get over your whining.  #Leave won, we are Leaving.  No1 was manipulated - we made our minds up b4 referendum  
6 weeks til The Referendum. Please presume nothing. Make sure you're registered to vote, have the chats you feel comfortable with, do what you can to make sure that a hateful, dangerous amendment is repealed on May 25th.Because on May 26th we could have a safer, kinder country. 
Tomorrow every #peoplesvote activist in every town will also be part of 14.4 @ScienceMarchUK fighting to save UK academia & business from #Brexit @EK_EuropeanMove @Labour4EU @Scientists4EU 
Germany told to prepare for HARD Brexit, Berlin Stock Exchange chief warns  
Why should Scotland stay trapped inside a failing union when England is desperate to leave a successful one? #Brexit 
Brexit protest this weekend - said nobody from @BBCNews #FBPE #StopBrexit #FinalSayForAll 
.@theresa_may, @BorisJohnson and @michaelgove must all resign. This scandal is already MASSIVE, and it's only just beginning...#Brexit #StopBrexit #VoteLeave #EUReferendum #overspending #fraud 
This is fantastic. I take it we will now see an end to the suggestion that the Yes side aren’t a force to be reckoned with? 2 years ago we were told there was no support for #repealthe8th We secured this referendum. Now we are working to win it. #ItsTimeToTalk #Together4Yes 
“Britain’s biggest carmaker Jaguar Land Rover will cut production and jobs due to Brexit and the fall in demand for diesels” To be reported on BBC as:“Jaguar Land Rover will cut production and jobs due to fall in demand for diesels”  
Wow. The GOP-controlled legislature in Michigan may try to legalize marijuana before the November referendum for fear that it would bring out too many voters and...you know...actually impact state politics!  
I am opening The Restaurant at the End of the Bordercurse, where you can have cocktails while watching Brexit explode  
Doesn't this now go way beyond #FinalSayForAll ?We should be talking:- immediate voiding of referendum & prosecution of all Vote Leave operators & collaborators, including May, Davis & Fox- immediate A50 revocation + UK state apology & compensation scheme for damaged parties 
The first of many.  I am sure they will happily live on the street knowing Boris and his friends are richer thanks to Brexit.  
When someone mentions a second referendum… #Brexit #Marr #Gogglebox 
Every day we move a step closer to the only people left believing #Brexit was anything but a Fraud being whack job conspiracists, Corbyn and the Tory Government.On 3rd May show your disgust and #abtv - Your country needs you! 
I think issue is not that @BBCRadio4 is institutionally pro #Brexit but that a) they have too often failed to test pro Brexit arguments rigorously; b) they are much more nervous about offending proBrexiters than antiBrexiters.  
If Britain were that good at anything, we wouldn't be in this Brexit mess. Fact.  
Thank you @CarolineLucas. This is the closest the BBC has got to broadcasting some of the stark facts about #Brexit. Is a government a government if it pursues a policy that will make its people worse off? Is an opposition an opposition if it lets them do this? #bbcaq @UKLabour 
*Brexit needs to be stopped & Vote Leave chiefs need to go to prison* Third Brexit whistleblower breaks cover. Ex-Vote Leave staffer says overspending was 'on industrial scale'  
I'd bet my bottom dollar its the #UK Which explains why @theresa_may wants #WW3 w/#Russia to prevent those facts from coming out along w/preventing #Brexit. I've always said it was @10DowningStreet who approved spying for #CrookedHillary & helped w/Fake Dossier. @realDonaldTrump 
And we are told by what passes for a Government that Brexit is a good thing.   Include me out then. My country is becoming unrecognisable. #Time_to_stop_Brexit 
The Leave campaign broke laws to cheat our democracy! Join the call for a vote on Brexit we can trust. Sign & RT:  
Brussels set to strip UK airlines of safety certificates in no deal Brexit. More threats, this time against a country whose airlines are controlled by the CAA who are the envy of the world. Perhaps Mrs May can offer them something she hasn't managed to give away. 
"I want to challenge the idea that we're definitely leaving Europe. I think there is a clear argument to have a people's vote on the final brexit deal." - @CarolineLucas #bbcaq 
#BrexitShambles Update:QCs appointed by the @CommonsCMS say there is a 'prima facie case' that #VoteLeave broke UK electoral laws in the EU referendumThe result was likely illegally obtained.#StopBrexit #bbcaq @LBC #FinalSay 
We don't have to continue. We can change our minds. People were misled. Join with us.#FBPE #STOPBREXIT #BREXIT  
So after last week’s abuse bonanza @JMPSimor and I thought it was high time for a girls’ night out. So to all our fellow women fighters against Brexit—and of course also our male supporters—we say cheers  ... And keep up the fight everyone xx  
I take no joy in tweeting about the job losses at #jaguar. Just sadness for those affected.We can still stop this. We dont have to continue. Come on Britain we're better than this.#FBPE #StopBrexit #brexit 
Apparently anyone who reports unflattering news about Nicola Sturgeon automatically stops being Scottish.And these moon howlers still don't understand why they lost the referendum.  
Think about this, Corbyn, next time you are tempted to claim immigrants suppress wages. Spare us your ridiculous ‘Jobs First Brexit’ and light a candle for the Jaguar workers. 
(via @carolecadwalla ): Third Brexit whistleblower breaks cover. Ex-Vote Leave staffer says overspending was 'on industrial scale'   …   #FBPE 
if true makes the perceived mandate for a hard Brexit trajectory even less convincing and gives the UK government a full justification for a #FinalSay vote or at the very least a real change of policy to remaining in the EU SM & CU. 
Come out and support the anti-Brexit events taking place across the country tomorrow.  
Brexit will lead as many as 30 "significant" financial firms to seek permission to operate in the Netherlands, top regulator says  
This is Brexit.  
In the interests of working people. For our livelihoods, our communities and our public services, @UKLabour must now stand up and lead us out of this destructive, senseless, Brexit for the few.#StopBrexit 
Next week a thousand people will become unemployed because of #brexit.Let that sink in.A thousand families hurt by this decision.Great work everyone. We're really socking to those Europeans.#FBPE #StopBrexit #brexit 
Anyone out there who Owen cry  baby  Jones hasn’t blocked on twitter !!!! The guardian bore loves crying  about Donald Trump &amp; Brexit everyday nonstop. Has there ever been more annoying person than Owen Jones ever. Stop putting him on TV, no ones listening to him OK.   
The 2 largest economies in Africa and in Australasia are all in the #Commonwealth. Plus the 2nd largest economy in North America and the 3rd largest economy in Asia. That leaves another 46 countries. There’s a lot of trade right there. #Brexit 
“A former Vote Leave staffer has become the third whistleblower to publicly accuse the EU referendum campaign of exceeding spending limits “on an industrial scale”.”  
Probably not (yet) a killer blow, but a stench of illegitimacy now hangs over the (very close) vote to leave. That's going to linger toxically over UK politics for decades, especially as govt took that very close vote as mandate for hard Brexit & eschewed any kind of consensus.  
Lawyers acting for parliamentary committee at Westminster say Vote Leave campaign appears to have intentionally "violated electoral spending laws before the EU referendum" and calls for urgent investigation. 
There is no soft, no hard, no Jobs first #brexit - there is no "northern Leave vote" nor a need to leave to nationalise railways, nor to control non-working immigrants - lies - all lies  #brexitisfraud #ABTV 
If Rod Rosenstein gets fired, the GOP leadership in Congress will do absolutely nothing. And the November midterms will be a national referendum on the rule of law. 
got tongue tied and said "i love brexit" instead of "i love breakfast" and now everyone is mad at me 
'All that stuff that #CambridgeAnalytica did with Brexit, nah - none of that happened with the 2014 Scotland referendum' Oh hold on, WTF is this?   
"My sense is that we may be on the verge of pulling the BBC back from the brink of becoming part of the Brexit establishment forming behind Farage and Rees-Mogg. This is the moment to raise the volume as high as possible, not to retreat."  
Before the referendum the UK was the world's 5th largest economy.  Last year we went down to 6th (behind France). And in 2018 we can look forward to being 7th - behind India!!Global Britain or 3rd World Britain?#BrexitisFraud #stopbrexit2018 #ABTV 
I have just read that my horse, Carlingford Lough, is too old to win the Grand National tomorrow. But I disagree. I’m nearly 100 and I’m winning Brexit by a mile 
The leave campaign broke the lawThe referendum should be declare null and void#StopBrexit #StopBrexitSaveBritain #BrexitBroadcastingCorporation why don’t you report this?.@BBCNews #BBCNewsSix 
Remember the promises of the Leave campaign, that investment would flood into Britain and no one would lose their jobs? #BrexitIsFraud Time to admit the referendum was a con and #stopbrexit 
Cabinet has agreed position on Syria action. Yet, extraordinarily, Cabinet didn't even debate the foundational decisions/red lines on Brexit set out in the Lancaster House speech (according to Shipman, Fall Out, p.12) that will shape UK's econ/geo-politics for decades. 
Jaguar Land Rover to cut output and jobs due to Brexit, diesel slump: source  
There's more chance of reviving Lenin with a defibrillator than there is of delivering #Brexit without damaging the economy, jobs and people's lives. 
Vote Leave broke spending limits 'on industrial scale', says ex-employee  Brexit is a Tory Con to hide their Tax Haven Accounts And the U.K. public have been well and truly Screwed, Now the Tories contemplate a war to bury it deeper! 
LandRover-Jaguar are shedding jobs in the UK while taking on more Staff in #Slovakia .Why?#Slovakia is in The EU. Britain is leaving.Brexit is TOTALLY Barmy.@BBCBreakingVote #LibDems for an #exitfrombrexit 
REVEALED: Germany told to prepare for HARD Brexit, Berlin Stock Exchange chief warns  
Brexit not the main factor in JLR job cuts, but it is *a* factor identified by the company. Yet @BBCRadio4 6pm news report on it didn't mention Brexit *at all*. This is a good example of why people are complaining about slant in way BBC covers Brexit. 
- and to stop Brexit, based on falsehood & fraud.  
Soundtrack your journey home with the finest Brexit chat, featuring @IanDunt @Pimlicat Peter Collins and Philomena Cunk’s writing team @gralefrit and @JasonHazeley. It’s what Friday nights were possibly made for... 
#EUsuperheroes no.44 is @campbellclaret "his brilliant articles destroying the lunacy of Brexit in New European are inspiring. He is a relentless campaigner for Remain."Discover our Superheroes and nominate your own: 
More damning claims that Vote Leave cheated in referendum. More reason for a People's Vote on the Brexit deal. My latest  
VOTE LABOUR = VOTE FOR A TORY BREXITVOTE TORY = VOTE FOR DISASTROUS BREXITPLEASE REMEMBER THAT ON MAY 3rd.RT IF YOU AGREE... 
Brexit is an industry, a closed shop to which you are not invited. People will profit from it but it won't be you. #BrexitisFraud 
Brexit means Jaguar Land Rover simultaneously cutting 1,000 jobs in the UK and opening a new factory in Slovakia. Because of Brexit.That's the reality they called "Project Fear".#FBPE  via @slovakspectator 
Fellow Remainers, ConLab won't give us a #FinalSay, so the May 3 local elections are likely to be our only chance to use our votes to show our opposition to #Brexit and that we Remainers are an electoral force that cannot be ignored. #VoteEU #StopBrexit #ABTV 
Reuniting Britain -The Great British Stop Brexit MarchSaturday 20th October 2018, we shall celebrate the UK's place at the heart of the EU.  Pan-European stalls, a very special speaker’s rally, before uniting in a mass march upon Parliament! 
"What is the root of the defeatism on Brexit? It is a distrust of your own people. You'd rather get in bed with other elites and liberal cosmopolitans than your own community. They want Brexit to fail, to teach 'the people' a lesson" 
The fact that LeaveEU are salivating at the thought of the BBC broadcasting the rivers of blood speech, tells you everything you need to know about their reason for supporting #Brexit. 
Many EU standards are becoming global ones. British businesses do not want to get left behind after Brexit  
Greater disdain hath no politician than this, that others may lay down their jobs so that he may keep his.BrexitNot the manyFor the fewScrew the rest of youOn 3rd May and every day I will put my country before party Mr Corbyn @jeremycorbyn, shame you couldn't do the same. 
Spent past 2 days in Zurich. Every single Swiss person I spoke to thought U.K. has gone collectively mad with #Brexit. Widespread puzzlement at how U.K. could spend 40 years in EU yet its ministers still don’t understand basics 
It’s shocking historical ignorance like this which played a significant part in forming the delusions behind #Brexit. 
#brexitreality : The Long List of Little Things, where #brexit causes particular problems for people and their families.Mostly things we weren’t told about at the time of the #Referendum ... 
Take to the Streets tomorrow and help stop Brexit.#FBPE 
So British Brexit team is arguing 4 US-Canada style solution to border post-Brexit! Well this is tight-as-a-drum US-Canada border at Niagara. Cars stopped both at Canadian & US Visa & customs control. Commercial vehicles banned from some crossings & hold-ups a given. @SenKennedy 
Just remember. This man gave you Brexit. The political agenda that has dominated this country for the past two years and risks completely diverting the course of your future, is the work of THIS MAN.  
Pumped for this weekend where #FFS supporters will be hitting the pavement and making the case for a #PeoplesVote on the Brexit Deal. Join us and many others!  
Fuck Brexit. That's UK manufacturing base and jobs walking out the door.  
Hundreds of thousands of jobs in Yorkshire are at risk if the UK government “gets the wrong deal” on Brexit.  
#Breaking - FINALLY the media silence on Anti-Brexit Marches up and down the country has been broken!RT please! Because news needs to reach all those that don't read the Standard! @BrexitBin @Scientists4EU @ianw2000uk #FBPE #ABTV #ExitBrexit 
Jaguar Land Rover to cut 1,000 jobs due to Brexit 'headwinds'. #FBPE 
Inevitable cuts by Jaguar-Land Rover. In preparation for a complete withdrawal from Britain. And for those who constantly say otherwise, Nissan's future was decided today by the French government permitting full merging with parent company Renault. This is Brexit.#FBPE #Jobs 
The painful reality for the SNP leadership as it weighs up its #indyref2 options: there is no sign of any sustained or coherent backlash against Brexit among Scottish voters.  
This isn’t a ‘creeping’ right wing coup, it’s a brazen, foot-stamping, in-your-face right wing coup; a Brexit on their terms, supported by their press and their underhand legislation, all wrapped up in oh-so-democratic sloganeering.  
#Brexit news latest: Thousands of pro-EU activists to protest across UK to demand second referendum on final deal. #FinalSayActivists & supporters will take to the streets for 12 flagship events in every part of the UK on Saturday.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
So presumably, Jess, you will now be standing shoulder to shoulder with Owen Smith in calling for a #FinalSay referendum while recommending we #StopBrexit? 
Kadyrov proposes nationwide referendum to give Putin additional presidential term  
I don’t complain often about the personal ways that Brexit is impacting me, so it’s nice to be remembered....@GuitarMoog #BrexitIsPersonal @FinalSayForAll 
Biggest day of action tomorrow! I'm heading down to Stockport with @Open_Britain to campaign for a public vote on the final deal! When we have the final deal on #Brexit we must let the public decide if it is acceptable #peoplesvote >  < 
I do think the Russians might be overestimating our organisational abilities. Have you seen how we’re doing with Brexit?  
Jobs first Brexit is where the jobs go first and then we Brexit... 
The big push for a #PeoplesVote on the #Brexit deal is starting tomorrow. More than a hundred local groups will be campaigning outdoors. I'll be out in #Edinburgh - where will you be? (Bonus question: Will @BBCNews choose to cover this?) #FBPE 
Maybe there is a way to save California after all.Referendum to Split Calif. Into 3 States Will Be on Ballot How would they divvy up the huge debt? 
So six months AFTER #Brexit and one month after Trump won, the alleged “whistleblower” is eating venison with Nix and Bannon at the @Conservatives flagship private club in London?Our definitions of “whistleblowing” must be widely different, to quote Lady Bracknell cc @WikiGuido 
A Brussels source: “anything could come out of Crazy Island.” @AlynSmith on Brexit - and why we can still halt it  
The Brexiter 'playbook' seems to be to lurch aimlessly between endless April Fools' days and Friday the 13th. Meanwhile the list of Brexit victims gets longer, families ripped apart by fear, uncertainty, job losses, deportations etc. If still you support this then fuck you! 
UK economy in £60BILLION export BOOST as Brexit Britain seizes ‘unprecedented opportunity’  
Today i visited the @BorderIrish. See where the tarmac slightly changes colour? That’s where it is. Almost seamless. Should keep it that way#Irishborder #Brexit  
Business confidence at highest levels since Brexit vote  
Would this have happened pre Brexit referendum?it emboldened racists. 
Amnesty Intl is spreading #FAKENEWS on Brexit.> They found most young people think their rights will increase or stay the same after Brexit.> So instead they asked, ‘IF your rights decreased, would you be concerned’!> With THAT result, they claim young people are concerned!   
Nope. They can't even stage and direct a referendum.  
‘MEPs have been very vocal about the broader citizens’ rights question, but less so about the future of Brits working in their own institution: 306 UK citizens work in the Parliament, but they have no clarity yet about what will happen after Brexit.’  
By two to one, the public oppose missile strikes on Syria Are you listening to the people @Theresa_may ? You seem very keen to listen to the majority on Brexit ?? 
Vote Leave’s overspending in Referendum campaign means they could have broken electoral law...:  
And they ask why we won't shut up and get behind #Brexit.#fbpe #abtv #waton#StopBrexitSaveBritain #VoteEU 
My view, too. I voted Labour last time,  but now feel deceived by them on Brexit. We live and learn.  
MACRON SHOCK: Graduates back London dealing France a huge BREXIT SNUB  
Terrible news for my constituents. Jaguar Land Rover to cut 1,000 jobs after 'slump due to Brexit'  
Jaguar LandRover shedding 1000 jobs due to 'Brexit uncertainty'.It's time to tell the government and the opposition that we will not stand by and watch the UK be diminished on the basis of an advisory, gerrymandered referendum.Brexit is a fools errand.#StopBrexit#ABTV 
So we have the BBC digging up the Rivers of Blood speech, Labour embroiled in anti-Semitism, the Tories treating the poor and disabled as sub-human, tabloids calling MPs and judges traitors, the government outing gays and deporting foreigners, and Brexit taking away our rights.  
I’m on a listening tour of the 100 areas with the strongest leave votes in the referendum. I want to learn the real reasons for Brexit, and what are the real solutions.Find out more at  
The more #Brexit seems doomed to abject failure, the more the racists and xenophobes seem to be getting angrier and nastier about those of us who oppose it. Why is it that the #Leave camp seems to have been so deeply infiltrated by these bile filled hate mongers? 
Jaguar Land Rover will cut around 1,000 jobs and production at two of its English factories due to a fall in sales caused by uncertainty around #Brexit and confusion over diesel policy #StopBrexit #VoteEU #ABTV 
Anti-Brexit activists to protest across UK for final Brexit vote this weekend  
GERMAN Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel "In the world of the 21st Century, Europe will only be able to act on a sovereign basis via the European Union"."Our children will have the choice of having no voice to be heard or a common European voice."#Brexit 
Wow - legal opinion of QCs who say there is 'prima facie case' of breaking of UK laws in referendum  #FBPE @JolyonMaugham @campbellclaret @BenPBradshaw #FBPE 
This happened because David Cameron called a referendum to try and keep the Tory party together. People are losing jobs because a Prime Minister put party ahead of country. Don’t forget that.  
With all its resources, it's truly shocking that we are picking up so little from the BBC. @BBCNews is simply not doing its job covering the Brexit impact that is being felt now! Thanks for this. Another line of attack for @Andrew_Adonis 
‘Brexit will be fine because the Germans will still want to buy our cars.’ Farage and his like have sold this country down the river  
Friends! That's nothing!I've just published a 500,000-page legal analysis of cheating in the referendum!It proves conclusively that Leave cheated, by winning the referendum!Which was illegal, as Our EU's Rules strictly prohibit the 'wrong' side from winning Our Referendums.  
The Dutch are way more prepared for Brexit than the Conservative Government are. They are already in the process of hiring 750 extra custom officers to handle the UK leaving the Customs Union. Please RT  
And on 19 June the Divisional Court will hear @GoodLawProject's case that Vote Leave broke the law by "donating" cash or services to BeLeave.Two High Court judges and one Court of Appeal judge have already agreed the Referendum may not have been conducted as Parliament intended 
So why does this matter? Because DCMS is saying there is "prima facie" evidence that Vote Leave broke UK electoral law during the referendum campaign. How have most UK politicians responded? "Nothing to see here." 
There are still people telling me that Brexit wasn't about race or immigration.  
TLDR: If you see this imagery, report it under Section 7. If you are told that the Gardai cannot intervene, let them know that other stations have before. If they say they have been directed by the Referendum Commission, let them know there is no such directive on record. 9/x 
This has to stop! Brexit will decimate British manufacturing. I wonder if Mr Johnson and Mr Gove are going to apologise to the families of Jaguar Land Rover employees whose livelihoods they are destroying. #RenewBritain #FBPE #FinalSay 
Vote Leave's former Chief Executive is worried, though. He admits that if Vote Leave broke the rules the Referendum result would be unsafe (). 
Bangor North Wales tomorrow, anti Brexit Protest.Join us Saturday 11am to 1pm Bangor High Street.Stop Brexit.#FBPE 
.@jeremycorbyn As a member of the Labour Party, now that Jaguar Land Rover have announced job losses due to Brexit, considering your previous insistence of "not a single job lost" can I now ask you to unequivocally oppose Brexit? 
Jaguar Land Rover slashing jobs. Explicitly due to Brexit.Yes, we know. Brexit was never about the economy. It was about getting rid of foreigners. At least now we're being honest with each other. 
There are 130 Anti-Brexit marches tomorrow (and #BBCnews won't be covering a single one of them), find your closest event here #StopBrexit #StopBrexitSaveBritain #FinalSay #FinalSayForAll 
READ: carmaker Jaguar Land Rover to announce 1k job cuts next week & blames sales slump due to Brexit & confusion over diesel engines. Please RT:  
It's your patriotic duty to oppose #Brexit. APATHY KILLS. The responsibility is in our hands. Now is the time to act. Stand up for #Britain. #StopBrexitSaveBritain #StopBrexit hoodie... One for the disaffected youth from @DemarcationDSGN 
A third whistle blower is coming forward in the Vote Leave and BeLeave scandal in the UK. (AggregateIQ/Cambridge Analytica.) Will this all ultimately result in demand for the Brexit vote to be redone? What are the implications for US politics?  
Jaguar Land Rover to cut output and jobs due to Brexit, diesel slump: source  
Theresa May's Tory Brexit cabinet screams daily about winning our sovereignty back from the EU but when it comes to a futile & deadly war in #Syria we wait for orders like a dog for "his master's voice" Donald Trump. Theresa May has turned Britain into into a servile vassal state 
Do you think the EU referendum was rigged? 
Farage is asked why he says the Left is allied with radical Islam and answers that it's because 'they' hate Christianity.  Those fighting Brexit are he says, "the new fascists", and Hungary shows "we" are winning. @LBC are you still happy your logo being used? @mrjamesob 
As #TonyBlair runs around trying to thwart #Brexit, this old headline has new meaning today.  
Michael Heseltine said this before the referendum but it's still true today - Once we leave the EU we(UK) will not be a member of any of the deliberating bodies that determine the rules of Europe... that is the abdication of sovereignty on a massive & irresponsible scale. #FBPE 
WATCH | "The liberals have become the very fascists that they try to criticise with their rhetoric!" - @Nigel_Farage on the mad liberal backlash against Brexit, Trump, and our Christian heritage.Support us at  
During the EU Referendum, nobody voted to be worse off. So let me be clear. I will not vote for a deal that makes Tooting worse off.  
BBCexec1: So.. we singlehandedly built the Farage phenomena & stacked BBCQT with gammon. What can we do to get rid of the impression that we're personally responsible for Brexit?BBCexec2: Anniversary broadcast of Enoch Powell?BBCexec1: This is why we're paid the big bucks.  
So, remind me, what was that about a "Jobs First" #Brexit again? Thought so. Different colours of the same turd. #StopBrexit #ABTV #WATONBBC News - Jaguar Land Rover to shed 1,000 contract staff 
So remoaners latest tactic is to blame Brexit for illegals being threatened with deportation! The threats of deportation to decent working members of our society is down to the sensless incompetence of our present govt, not Brexit. Do not be fooled. 
Jaguar Land Rover to cut output and jobs due to (n.b, not despite) Brexit: source  
I'd call that open and shut, Vote Leave cheated so we need another referendum, probably on the final deal and probably not allowing any campaign expenditure by either side whatsoever. #FBPE 
Imagine BBC spending money on helicopters to cover anti Brexit marches   
#EU Parliament INSISTS on hearing @Facebook's Zuckerberg:*Millions of Europeans’ data collected by #CambridgeAnalytica*FB’s EU HQ in Ireland (thus under #EUlaw)*Possible influence of CambridgeAnalytica on #Brexit*New EU data protection law (#GDPR) 
There is prima facie evidence that Vote Leave officers conspired to illegally overspend on their Brexit campaign, according to a report by three barristers published today by a Parliamentary select committee. …->>>2 
Project Fact?Jaguar Land Rover to cut production and 1000 jobs due to Brexit, diesel slump: ITV  
even if we could negotiate a trade deal with the EU before leaving the EU, trade deals take years to agree, not 350 days! UK government shot themselves in the foot triggering article 50 before they even had a Brexit plan or negotiation strategy 
Remainer groups launch £1m drive to STOP Brexit  At last the 63% that didn't support Brexit in the advisory only opinion poll called a Referendum will have a voice, rather than being ignored  #ExitFromBrexit #Remain #FBPE @LibDems via @MailOnline 
Trump pulled out of the TPP, then perhaps realized it was a stupid move & now as it is being ratified, is trying to negotiate re-entry.So May on Brexit is even more stupid than Trump. #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
TATAS IN TROUBLE OVER JAGUAR LAND ROVER: ANOTHER BAILOUT?Jaguar Land Rover is set to cut production & jobs following a sales slump. Formal announcement will be made on Monday. Around 1000 roles will be affected. JLR will blame Brexit and sharp fall in demand for diesel. 
Remainers have been far too dignified about this. If all the allegations are proven to be true the referendum result should be void and a second vote should take place fairly. Those found guilty charged accordingly. 
“There is a prima facie case that the following electoral offences were committed by Vote Leave in the EU referendum campaign and that these require urgent investigation so that consideration can be given to whether... to prosecute”  
Err! Corbyn is whipping every vote and sacking those who stand-up against Brexit. Seems like supporting Brexit to me! 
#ForBritain councillor @CllrBSilvester says: For the next two years & 11 months we'll STILL be in EU single market/customs union. STILL under jurisdiction of the euro-court. EU fishing boats will STILL be in our waters. STILL paying EU billions. This isn't Brexit. #Brexit now.  
Via the Good Friday Agreement, the UK and Ireland created me, the most benign of borders -- holding things just enough apart and just enough together to keep the peace, to salve the clash of identities. Then along comes the malborderiness that propels Brexit. Resist it, friends.  
Brexit Vote Leave campaign would face 'realistic chances of conviction', say government legal experts  via @NewsNowUK#StopBrexit 
Yet more evidence that the Brit Est. cheated in the EU referendum:  If they cheated in the EU ref. do you really think they played fair in Scotland's independence referendum? 
Join us tomorrow around town from 12-2, talking to the people about why we need a #FinalSayForAllThousands of pro-EU activists take to the streets demanding vote on final Brexit deal  
Jaguar Land Rover is set to cut production and jobs following a slump in sales. Formal announcement will be made on Monday. I’m told around 1000 roles will be affected and that JLR will blame Brexit and sharp fall in demand for diesel. 
Boss of Goldman Sachs admitted his prediction about Brexit's impact on the City of London was wrong 
Britain's natural environment is likely to deteriorate after the United Kingdom leaves the European Union, according to a report commissioned by Friends of the Earth. #EU #Brexit 
The DCMS Committee at Parliament has just published a 50 page legal analysis of cheating in the referendum. It is critical every MP reads this.  
With just a little under a year until we’re scheduled to leave the EU, I am sharing #52brexitfacts on #Brexit. #Brexit preparations have cost £400m in 2017/18.  
If somebody tells you #Brexit isn't a local issue, don't you believe it!Make your vote count on May 3rd. Forget traditional party loyalties. It's time for tough-love. Vote anti-#Brexit to send #Brexit-supporting parties a message: #StopBrexit#ABTV #LocalElections2018 #WATON 
There is no escaping the effects of Brexit on national or local public services. A weaker economy, less jobs and revenue means less money for all local services. Make 3rd May the day you make it clear to @Conservatives and @UKLabour, country before party, country before Brexit.  
PROUDBRIT69: The sun never set on the Empire! God bless the Commonwealth and the new trading opportunities it presents our glorious nation in the post-Brexit world! God save the Queen!YOU: ok how about immigration from the commonwealthPROUDBRIT69: No. 
Thank you to all I met in Prague this week – it is very clear that preserving our Single Market, our greatest asset, is of paramount importance to Czech businesses. It is the best way to protect European industry, economy and jobs #Brexit  
Billionaire Crispin Odey who financed the #Brexit campaign is now betting millions on a sharp fall in the value of UK government debt as the post brexit UK economy weakens.Enjoy that "brexit boost" Leavers.... 
Dominic Grieve - My concerns & responses in Parliament over #brexit have earned me the labels... rebel commander & the bespectacled Che Guevara... but I still consider the UK is at risk of losing far more than we will gain from leaving the EU.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Strong evidence..@vote_leave.. committed offences..Legal Opinion published @HouseofCommons DigitalCultureMediaSports Committee#Brexit  
I firmly believe there would be no chance of a Repeal referendum even happening without the *unimaginable* strength and bravery of the TFMR parents speaking about their experiences. Please help them with another few bob.  
I love this. If folk have differing views on something it’s a “split”; and if we all agree on something we’re robots taking orders or somesuch nonsense. Whatever, it’s the Tories who are obsessed with us and another independence referendum- obsessed!  
The Leave campaign broke laws to cheat our democracy! Join the call for a vote on Brexit we can trust. Sign & RT:  
Anchorage voters are first in US to defeat 'bathroom bill' referendum that asked them to require people to use public bathrooms and locker rooms consistent with their gender at birth.  
BREAKING: Parliament publishes extensive new details about Vote Leave's alleged overspending scheme. Fearless @DamianCollins & @CommonsCMS publish legal opinion of QCs who say there is 'prima facie case' of breaking of UK laws in referendum 
British PM Theresa May considers war in an ever-escalating multi-sided conflict a tempting break from the daily humiliation of overseeing Brexit. Downing Street, 2018.  
Telegraph/Mail/ Sun readers need to ask: how likely was it that best interests of these papers’ owners on Brexit would align with their own? 
Yet another Vote Leave whistleblower comes forward.It's now obvious that the #Brexit campaign was rife with illegality, and that the referendum result was tainted by cheating.Even more important than prosecuting the crooks is a #FinalSay referendum. 
Full legal opinion submitted to Electoral Commission regarding potential cheating in the referendum has been released on our website. It is a thorough document so there is a handy guide/explainer accompanying to assist you digesting it.#fairvotenow 
The leaflets have arrived! We'll be joining the UK's biggest ever pro-EU action day tomorrow, campaigning for a #PeoplesVote on the #Brexit deal. Joinn us in Market Square, Cambridge from 11am!  
The UK is the largest book exporter in the world, with total sales of over £4.7billion a year. 30,000 people are employed in book publishing - the loss of tariff-free access to the EU after #Brexit puts thousands of jobs and £billions in sales at risk: 
Nope. Commonwealth leaders didn’t want Brexit. We ignored them.We can ‘right that wrong’ by staying in the EU and sorting out those countries with good trade deals to the world’s largest market. That is... if we actually care about them and what *they* want.  
EXCLUSIVE - 2 SENIOR TORY ex-CABINET MINISTERS MPs back British fishermenRead full #Brexit story:  @johnredwood @OwenPatersonWe hope MPs in coastal constituencies have not only the decency but self preservation to back taking fishing out the Transition?! 
Referendum to Split Calif. Into 3 States Will Be on Ballot  
I remember when all the loons were having a meltdown over Obama "meddling in our politics" when he gave his view, as President, on Brexit. Now the same people are happy to have the President tell us exactly how to run things here. 
What on earth is going on with this country. May seems to have sold us out over the brexit deal, is making unsubstantiated claims about the novichok incident and now seems to be looking for a war against Russia which we could not win. Has she flipped ? 
More good news, 'despite Brexit': Small business confidence hits its highest level since 2015  
And still Brexit limps on.People reconciling themselves to the “inevitability” because it’s psychologically easier to absolve oneself of responsibility than to fight for what’s right for our country.We have the ability to choose our path ahead. We *can* do what’s best.  
Since negotiations began the UK has been asking the EU for the benefits of the Single Market. The EU has said no because we're not willing to accept the obligations of the Single Market.The pro-Brexit UK press would never blame that on Brexit.So it must be the EU being bad guys 
Check out your local anti-Brexit events taking place tomorrow.  
Catching up with @Inter_Trade Ken Nelson & Aidan Gough in Cookstown this morning. Continuing to do excellent work with small businesses, particularly dealing with the impact of Brexit  
Remember a #FinalSay, or better a #FinalSayForAll is not a 2nd #Brexit referendum. It would be the first vote on something no-one has voted on - the final Brexit deal. Make them give us a #FinalSay - #VoteEU on May 3.#StopBrexit #ABTV 
Kate Andrews - "There are going to be a lot of Remainers in particular who are absolutely dumfounded in March 2019, when the UK does leave the EU and it doesn’t fall off a cliff." #Brexit  
"We need to start taking Brexit seriously, as an opportunity to reshape Britain. Most see it as a moment of deep regret, an act of political vandalism. There is an intellectual void. Citizens deserve better than that" - Alternative Perspectives on Brexit workshop 
Even if Britain negotiated a soft Brexit, the eventual hit to GDP would be enough to undo its growth during 2017 almost three times over  
What the Actual Fuck has become of this once, open and tolerant country? All of what David @DavidLammy said plus it is cruel, despicable and hateful. Brexit is the fucking catalyst for this and I will despise it and those who continue to support it for the rest of my days.  
Interesting to see Lloyd Blankfein, CEO of Goldman Sachs, admit that he was wrong on Brexit. Almost as if Project Fear was designed just to scare people into voting Remain  
#JeremyCorbyn is supposedly leader of the opposition, he can make a decision to oppose #Brexit and he would have the support of at least 16 million voters. He has a real opportunity to help achieve #StopBrexit. if he doesn't he definitely won't be able to afford his bus passes 
I stand totally opposed to the notion that we can have a green Brexit. Regulatory cooperation is essential if we are to take on the challenges our planet faces. My interview with @OpenAccessGov 
The Brexit effect   
No kind of #Brexit is acceptable to me.  
Thousands of pro-EU activists take to the streets demanding vote on final Brexit deal  
#JellyBellyFriday wet paws weather rant:After-#brexit 2019 Cat Europe will stop all #wtfluff UK weather imports 
Yes, we're getting a 'Global Britain', #Brexit is making Britain into a global laughing stock!The rest of the world thinks Brexit is insane.Restore Pride! #StopBrexit!#VoteEU #ABTV 
Brexit will basically be us damaging our own trade to control freedom of movement which our own Gov could have done anyway. We can’t stop FoM (and we shouldn’t want to) because we need good people making their lives here. It enriches us literally and metaphorically. 
Statement from lawyer representing third whistleblower Mark Gettleston that there are "grounds to suspect overspending offences in the referendum" by Vote Leave  
What do Brexiters get if we stop Brexit? For starters, we can get to work on their real concerns:A better NHSA UK that's more globally influential by leading the EUGetting people more of a say via PREnforcing EU immigration rulesAlso: 
‘We’re not going anywhere!’ London will remain EU's banking hub after Brexit says Davis  
A third Brexit whistleblower - Mark Gettlestone - has accused Vote Leave of breaking electoral law by overspending.  
Realised this should be "simply implementing" but the issue for the Government remains. An advisory referendum isn't a decision and leaflets aren't law. 
People still think a Free Trade deal is the key to a successful Brexit.Free Trade just means no tariffs.The real impact on costs comes from NON-tariff barriers.Don't believe me? Just read 
Brexit does piss all the right people off don't it? 
I urge the @SZ to hold a discussion forum on #Catalonia instead of publishing opinion papers. We need to discuss this and find a political solutions. The > 2 million Catalans who voted for @cupnacional @Esquerra_ERC @JuntsXCat and peacefully held a #Referendum are no criminals.  
The speech is a historical fact.We can’t ban history. So we comment on it which is what the BBC is doing.Putting it in critical context. If we continue to ignore the fact that people think and say racist things -banning them rather than arguing with them, we end up with Brexit. 
According to the Chartered Institute of Procurement and Supply, 11% of manufacturing firms say that they have lost contracts due to #Brexit, whilst 46% have already increased prices to cope with extra costs linked to the #Brexit vote. 
Whatever your views on #Brexit, no one would disagree that it's a big deal. It is too important for politicians alone to decide. Demand a vote on the final Brexit deal.RT if you agree! 
The Government say they are "merely implementing" Brexit following an advisory referendum that they were told provided no legal impetus for action based on the result. The referendum result was not a decision. #A50challenge #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
I find it absolutely bloody astounding that Darren still won’t answer questions about why Vote Leave paid £675k on his behalf to a tiny Canadian data company days before Brexit referendum  
Well done @LibDems for sending an anti-Brexit message to government.We will #StopBrexit 
Goldman Sachs boss admits he was wrong about Brexit draining London of bankers  
So we've had the major victory for the Right-Wing (Brexit), and now it's somehow a badge of honour to be war-hungry? History says we're on a great path.... Diane Abbott has had a few gaffs. Stating that our involvement in WW2 was justified, isn't one of them. 
Brexit means...Clinging on even tighter to the USAWhen they say “jump”, UK asks “how high?”And the fact that the USA president is an unstable wannabe-Fascist makes no difference at all, it seems“Taking back control” hey? 
In today's news- Trade talks set to begin next week- Goldman Sachs boss admits he was wrong about Brexit- Australia to host new round of trade talks with Britain- Barry Gardiner denies denouncing Labour Brexit policy 
MUST-READ: This weekend, along with 8 other pro-European organisations, thousands of activists will take to the streets demanding a vote on final Brexit deal  
Thousands of pro-EU activists take to the streets demanding vote on final Brexit deal  
It's funny you say that because when someone tells me they like Taylor Swift, I just personally disagree with their taste in entertainers but don't necessarily draw conclusions on their character and/or make it a referendum on my personal relationship with them. Weird, I know.  
Thousands of pro-EU activists take to the streets demanding vote on final Brexit deal If you are in UK this weekend, try & attend an event locally - they are happening all over the country. Also watch out for the Campaign launch on Sunday. 
The London Stock Exchange just hired David Schwimmer from Goldman Sachs to be its new CEO.Probably because the City of London post-Brexit will need a PR person who's used to pretending everything's ok...  
May's Brexit Red Line on Customs Union Could Be Next to Go  
Brexit Explained  
I admit, the maths below is crude, unfeeling, and only works if we treat a 51% majority like a 100% majority, but... you know what they say... when in Brexit-Land...  
BBC Question Time panelist makes BRILLIANT point about Brexit in response to Remoaner  
DEAL: UK-Australia trade talks continue, agreement could kick in post-Brexit 2021. Let’s get on with our exciting global future!  
In the 1970s, when people absorbed the news twice a day, they got rid of Nixon. In the 2010s, when people absorb the news 100 times a day, we still have Trump and Brexit. Reading the same info over and over is paralysing.  
More damning allegations that Vote Leave cheated on spending limits during referendum from a new whistleblower  
Just to clarify re: referendum donations. Who can donate?*a permanent resident in Ireland *if you do not live in Ireland, you have to be an Irish citizen to donate to @Together4yes - if you are not you can donate to other orgs 
."My sense is that we may be on the verge of pulling the BBC back from the brink of becoming part of the Brexit establishment forming behind Farage & Rees-Mogg. This is the moment to RAISE the volume as high as possible, NOT to retreat.". 
Tobacco firms used to say that advertising had no impact on sales so a ban on their ads was pointless. Now I here manipulating voters via social media had no impact on the EU Referendum or Trump's election. Makes you wonder why these people 'wasted' so much money. 
If the government really wanted to punish Putin for #Skripal and the #DoumaGasAttack it would cancel #Brexit, this delivering a huge blow to Putin's project to weaken and divide the EU. But it won't. The government prefers to help Putin. #BrexitBetraysBritain#StopBrexit #ABTV 
Surely this a sign of things to come for this #brexit govt at #le2018? One of the pro-remain parties annihilating the conservatives in one of their heartlands!It’s sure evidence that #ABTV Can work! @TheGreenParty @LibDems @Renew_Britain must be supported on 3 May! #finalsay 
For everyone who thinks maybe with the right context it is good that the BBC is choosing now, to broadcast this speech,It isn’t.The context is 2018 Brexit Britain.The Era of hyper normalisation.If you want to study and debate it fine,Look online read a book.  
Britain is the largest book exporter in the world, with total sales of $6.8 billion per year. The biggest export market is Europe.Tariff free access has been a financial boon to British publishers. Brexit threatens a US invasion of this market.  
I wonder if the 250 celebrities who wrote their daft letter to brainwash kids to vote Remain will be voting for Tony Blair's #ToxicSwampParty ?#Brexit #LeaveEU 
Tactical voting in May council elections can send a huge anti-Brexit message to Cons & Labour. #ABTV 
Writing for The New European @andrew_adonis explains why he'll continue to attack the BBC over their Brexit coverage.  
May has no mandate for Brexit either.  
Brexit Explained  
The only reason you would need to keep the Brexit outcome a secret is if it was going to be a total disaster. You don't need to be a spy to know that is exactly what it is going to be.  
Billionaire gathered enough votes to trigger referendum on splitting #California into 3 separate states 
You either want Brexit or my vote, you can't have both. 3rd May.  
Dear @jeremycorbyn, thanks but I don't want a free bus pass. I want YOU to #StopBrexit. If we stop #Brexit damaging the economy, young people will be able to find jobs and pay for their own bus passes and YOU might be able to some of your outlandish policies. Best, @EUsupergirl 
I see no evidence to the contrary. Mrs May @theresa_may and Mr Corbyn @jeremycorbyn both want Brexit, I do not. I will not vote @Conservatives or @UKLabour on 3rd May. 
It's nice to hear @bbcworldservice reporting on the government's BS suggestion of a "Green #Brexit"... Even though the National programming probably won't cover it. #GreenBrexit is likely to be as successful #MichaelGove's policies as Education Secretary. #StopBrexit 
Trump wants to be a war president. Sees Syria as his chance.May wants to see Britain sold off to US post Brexit, hence she'll back up Trump. In turn, this will embolden the "always on the right side of history" Corbyn obsessives.What dark times for humanity. 
Breaking: Referendum to Split Calif. Into 3 States Will Be on Ballot  
Not superstitious myself, 'touch wood', but if I were then I would wish that today is the day Brexit walks under a ladder, is tripped up by a black cat, crushed by a falling crate full of broken mirrors then beaten to a bloody pulp by Jason Voorhees. Failing that then 3rd May. 
Thousands of EU nationals in Britain could become illegal residents after Brexit, warns report  
This is the kind of sick, racist, nationalistic asshole who supports Brexit. Why are the Tories and Labour giving such people what they want?#FBPE 
Jesus people, wake up! Don't do Putin's work for him. He tried once with California and obviously behind Brexit. Do a tiny bit of research, he's trying to disrupt the Democratic system across the planet.  
Brexit is Monty Python's Norwegian Blue.It's been dead for months.Tories and the BBC have nailed it to a perch in the hope nobody notices it's "pushin' up the daisies".Northern Ireland. Gibraltar. The economy.The "Will of the people" has changed.Get over it, eh? 
Brexit, accelerated.  
Brexit: things can only get worse - the great lacuna is the idea that Mrs May has a strategy. She hasn't. Since her Lancaster House speech, she has been reacting to, but not solving, the problems that she herself has created...  #Brexinfo. 
Breaking: Referendum to Split Calif. Into 3 States Will Be on Ballot OVER 600,000 SIGNATURES HAVE BEEN COLLECTED AND WILL BE A REFERENDUM On November's Ballot To Split California Into 3 States, Interesting...#TheBrooksBrown 
"By not taking a stand on protecting EU citizens’ rights one year before #Brexit, what do Leftists hope to achieve?" @NylaNox asks in @PoliticsMeans. #FBPE #CitizensRights #EUcitizens #Leftists #Deportation #InLimbo #FinalSay @InLimboBrexit @The3Million 
Q6: Missouri is a "right to work" state. The GOP led state house is attempting to move the referendum on this law to August, when voter turnout would be lower. What is your position on "right to work”?#MO02#BWCS#10Questions 
Remember that #Brexit vote in the UK? The one that Cambridge Analytica and the Russians interfered in?Many groups are now coordinating to halt the progress of Britain's leaving the EU. 
@Andrew_Adonis You are not obsessed, you're an informed, intelligent, amazing man, who is doing all he can to stop the insanity of this BREXIT shambles. I thank God for you every day, you are my voice of reason, when there appears to be none. I thank you for your bravery & truth. 
The only kind of #Brexit we're going to get is a shit coloured one. 
What do you have against a vote on the deal? If you’re so confident that Brexit - in whatever form it takes - is the will of the people, surely you have no need to be concerned about another vote. Except you’re not confident, are you? 
If people felt they were being heard in Westminster, many wouldn't have felt the need to vote Brexit.People feel trapped by the need to vote strategically. So they don't get to vote for the parties that actually reflect their views.  
#Brexit logic hits a new level of surreal...Let's "TAKE BACK CONTROL" of our borders with #Europe so we can open them to Australia??? I'm sure the #British people will be thrilled when the ozzies start coming over here and taking our jobs...  
The nightmare continues ........ for Remainers.Brexit: Confidence in UK economy turns positive for first time since Article 50 triggered  
Brexit’s offshore secrets: More on Arron Banks@FBPE @J_amesp @TheNewEuropean @acgrayling @carolecadwalla 
Accusations of Brexit bias are obviously getting to Andrew Neil. He felt the need to tweet something suggesting he might not be a True Believer.  
#BBCQT audience member:“Why couldn’t all the negotiations have taken place before the Brexit vote? Then you could have said a,b,c will happen; d, e, f won’t happen.”@Freedland: ”A brilliant suggestion and a particularly brilliant argument for another vote once there is a deal.” 
As a historian of Empire, and someone who’s just returned from Hong Kong, Australia and New Zealand where very single person I met made a WTF? comment about Brexit, I and can tell you with absolute certainty that you spelled *overestimate* wrong.  
Yes, there are trade opportunities after Brexit. But when we're up against countries like Japan, China, or America, do you think we'll get better deals trading as the UK alone, or with the negotiating weight of a market of 500 million people?#BBCqt 
Is there a mouthy lefty out there who can explain to me why the left, who hate big business and corporate interests support the EU? It seems to me its just because the right dont want to be a part of it. Please enlighten me #Brexit 
.@Freedland says that Brexit will be damaging for the UK #bbcqt 
Remainer groups launch £1m drive to #StopBrexitNine Remain groups have joined forces to get the public a #FinalSay on the Government’s Brexit dealThe majority want to #Remain in the EU, polls show. It is enough to drive the Mail to write in capitals... 
BBC Radio 4 presenter this evening accused me of being ‘obsessed’ with opposing Brexit. I can’t recall Mr Farage being introduced as being ‘obsessed’ with imposing Brexit - on his many BBC appearances #BrexitBroadcastingCorporation 
Ramsey's running around with staples in him and Wilshere's getting knocked out by a headed clearance, the hard brexit Wilshere fan boys will be shooketh   
Guardian position on #Brexit as explained on #bbcqtWe voted to leave the EU but not it's institutions.Beyond help. 
.@JoJohnsonUK: "The Conservatives are working to make a success of Brexit. Labour is playing political games and basically trying to frustrate it" #bbcqt 
@JoJohnsonUK, FACTS:.@UKLabour not in power when the EU ref. was called..@UKLabour not in power when the EU ref. vote happened. .@UKLabour not in power now, when EU ref. negotiations are taking place. Brexit belongs to @CONservatives..@jeremycorbyn NOT to blame.#bbcqt 
Barry Gardiner (he of Bollocks fame) is reading out a pre-prepared statement on Brexit on #BBCQT. No going off script this time... 
Some in Labour want you to remain angry with the Lib Dems so you vote for Labour.Most of you, however, want to vote Lib Dems, because you remain angry about Brexit.Well done Lib Dems. Let the local elections bring you more sweeping gains.  
This quote from Tim Farron 2 weeks after the GE sums it up well "Millions of people who voted for Jeremy Corbyn were hoping for a new approach to Brexit. They will be feeling utterly betrayed tonight that he has yet again failed to oppose this government’s extreme Brexit agenda" 
"Author Andrea Levy, whose father came to UK on HMS Empire Windrush, said: 'For UK to treat its former colonial subjects in such a way .... sends a chill through entire communities. It suggests no one, not even your granny, is safe.'" Britain today. Brexit will make it worse. 
Brexit Explained #BBCQT 
"If people are anti-Brexit, why did they vote for Brexit parties in GE2017?"I'm about as anti-Brexit as it gets and even I voted Labour. Tactical voting was necessary to strip Theresa May of her mandate for a #WhateverBrexit.Even Corbyn knows Labour voters hate Brexit!  
"Negotiators face a 3-way choice..a hard border w/ infrastructure that works badly;...a soft border w/out infrastructure, wh would barely work at all;or they can accept that at least NI, & possibly the UK, will keep applying the EU’s tariffs & many of its rules after Brexit...  
Accelerating productivity is the latest, and most important, piece of good news on Britain’s economy. But Brexit could upend that  
Our negotiating partners have said that they do not like Brexit. We have been instructed to set out in detail why Brexit is likeable. The intern has been given this opportunity but unfortunately has an appointment at the dentist. 
The UK is a small island off the coast of Europe, from which it will finally detach itself in March 2019 #BrexitAny power & influence it may retain is derived from being a permanent member of the Security Council #TridentSo the PM is now going to send our planes to bomb Syria ! 
BREXIT SHOCKWAVES: Brussels’ budget blackhole could deal cruel damage to Greece  
Great @CamdenLibDems team out talking to residents in @WHampstead tonight - thanks for coming @jmrogerson @jamesrobking and also @FlickRea @nancysoko ! A lot of support for our pledge to fund more local PCSOs - and also a lot of anger about Labour and Tory Brexit policies  
In 1992 there was a phone line you could ring to hear the arguments from each side of the Abortion Referendum debate !!!  
If Arsenal and Liverpool win both European trophies I'm glad we're leaving Europe#Brexit 
If you can’t smell 1930’s Germany in the air...your nose is blocked#Farage#Brexit#Trump#Boris#RiversOfBlood 
Anthony Bryan arrived in the UK, from Jamaica, aged 8. After a 6 month battle he has finally stopped the Home Office deporting him.“A country I’ve been for 50 years, I thought would more protect me than try to get rid of me.. I feel as British as anybody here.”Brexit Britain.  
"So tune in next week for the chance to hear Sir Michael Caine reading Mein Kampf for the first time on BBC Radio 4. Long Live Brexit, and God Bless Mrs May."  
Welbeck, Ramsey and El Neny three players I like and the Brexit lads don't. Lovely evening of footy. 
Brits abroad vent their fury at government for abandoning them in #brexit negotiations: 
Germany bank boss says London WILL remain financial hub post Brexit  via @MailOnline 
Britain’s post-Brexit boom continues as UK manufacturers recorded their second-highest levels of profitability ever. And they said #Brexit would crash Britain’s manufacturing sector…  
Delighted to welcome Leader of Cardiff Council, @huwthomas_Wales to our meeting tonight. A great discussion on looking at the impact of Brexit on our city and how we can campaign to give people the #FinalSay. #PeoplesVote #Cardiff 
A short thread about, and a polite message to 'No' campaigners in, Ireland's #repealthe8th referendum. 
I avoided watching the BBC Question Time where they specifically showcased young brexiters with the clear effect of undermining the proven fact that young people voted against Brexit. Because I feared I'd be angered into an anti-BBC rant.Someone just showed me a clip #BBCQT 
This is what they wanted #Brexit for.And the useful idiots have given them billions that we all lose.Oh, bloody great.  
Geographically Britain is well placed to take back, secure and manage her own territorial waters and fisheries.We voted to Leave, not to Leave with caveats.#Brexit  
Major data protection/privacy case against Facebook, with huge impact on EU/US relations, sent to ECJ - questions here. The outcome will likely be relevant also for EU/UK data flows after Brexit.  
Honest question to those thinking of voting yes in the upcoming #referendum, do you believe that abortion should be available if a mother seeks an abortion because her unborn baby is a girl?  
Here's my MP, on the right, campaigning with us on Referendum Day. She won't be seen to endorse #Remain now. That's because Labour is a pro-Brexit party. Use your vote for #Remain Anti-Brexit tactical voting. #ABTV 
Excellent piece on Brexit and the Good Friday Agreement  
This would never have happen if Leave had Not had the larger vote in the Referendum.Leave Eu, Farage, the BBC, and Brexit are normalising racism in the uk that previously would not have been acceptable.Think on that.#Stopbrexit#FBPE 
BREXIT Britain can “expect” a UK growth of “10 per cent” which would be the fastest since 2011 as UK businesses explore exciting new markets, an animated HSBC chief declared while reviewing her banks survey. 
The Brexit Dept talks team should re-enter Brussels with a spring in their step and one sentence on their lips: 'No, sorry, that's no longer on the agenda'We won't give away our fishing watersWe won't give away our military securityWe won't give away our competitive advantage 
“It’s an outrageous thing to say that a British PM would deliberately put our armed services at risk just because they want to deflect from a domestic political problem like Brexit”  
EU citizens have until 17 April to register for the #LocalElections2018 and voice their opposition to #brexit . Its time for a #finalsay and to #exitfrombrexit 
Goldman Sachs CEO: I Was “Wrong” On Brexit  
It would be easier to believe the government wants the UK to become an open, welcoming country after Brexit if they weren’t trying to kick out pensioners who’ve been here since they were 10 just because they were born a wee bit foreign.  
Important contribution from @raphael_hogarth on where the Irish border issue may take Brexit.  
.I wonder what this will mean.... "Unless a better solution is found, the EU has prepared an emergency mechanism under which it would go on regulating trade in Northern Ireland post-Brexit.". 
Barry Gardiner says Labour’s Brexit position is “bollocks” and Kate Osamor suggests Jeremy Corbyn should stay quiet on foreign policy. This is not normal. 
#EUsuperheroes 42 is @George_Osborne “Former chancellor who is now editor of @standardnews. Mr Osbourne and his paper are reporting brexit fairly, unlike just about every other media outlet in the UK.”Check out our heroes and nominate your own: 
Goldman Sachs during the EU referendum: “A recession within a year... could require us to restructure.”Goldman Sachs today: “I am wrong,” said their chief exec. “We are building a big building [in London] for more than £1bn. We are going to keep that building – the math works.”  
Why does Parliament get a vote on every aspect of Brexit, which the British people already voted for, but not get a vote on attacking another country, which is opposed by the clear majority of the British people?  
- 600,000 signatures gathered- 364,000 needed to force referendum 
Europe - Free Interail pass to 27 countries for under 18s Erasmus, Learn Work & live in 28 countries, decent wages, standards of living human & worker rights.UK - A bus pass 4 Brexit Britain, depressed wages job losses & depressionVote Pro EU #ABTV 
Nigel Farage on the Alex Jones show - don't underestimate how massive the seismic shock of 2016 was. .. The victory of #brexit.. the victory of Trump.... we are winning... look at Hungary the other day. Democracy is dying in Hungary  
The public deserve to have a vote on any Brexit deal, Lib Dems' @joswinson says  
“No, over there!”Russian poisoning. Corbyn smears. Bomb Syria. It’s almost as if the government want to distract us from paying attention to something else.#Brexit 
Renew the Section 30 request, put a deadline on it - and then if needs be go ahead and legislate for a referendum anyway: #ScotRef #UseTheMandate 
Referendum to split Calif. Into 3 states to be on the ballot.                                 
Read this thread. This is way beyond Brexit etc: some awful racist hole has opened in Home Office policy, and basic morality is falling onto it. This is where the govt now is.  
BBC Staff: Hey boss, we're coming under a lot pressure just now. The accusations of bias in favour of the Conservatives and Brexit campaign is damaging, what should we do?BBC Boss: Enoch Powell's racist speech "Rivers of Blood" should do the trick. 
Gov't Minister Philip Lee hauled before Tory whip for saying Gov't should perform its most basic duty, to act in the UK's interest. If Brexit is bad for Britain it should be cancelled. Labour's Owen Smith sacked for calling for #FinalSay What's going on? 
With the “No” posters up all around Portlaoise in full view of all&sundry. It’s only natural for children that see them to ask about them. My 10 year old, like any normal kid, is full of questions. I try explain the referendum as best I can to him. His response floors me...  
I travelled to Ireland cautiously optimistic that Brexit negotiators could dream up a solution to the border problem. I came home a pessimist, and this is why: 
The growing view in Theresa May's office is that she has no mandate for an extreme Brexit, official says  
Brexit is indeed a local issue - remember that Councils get funding from the EU. So vote for local services. Vote for #Remain parties. #ABTV #EURvote2018 
.@Nigel_Farage speaking in Orange County where the #CAL3 campaign to break-up California receives the signatures it needs for a referendum.Good luck to @gdgunster and his team masterminding the campaign from your British friends of Brexit fame.  
Brexit has never really been about leaving EU, and this stuff shows why. Decades of pustulant post-colonial melancholia are finally bursting through right-wing newspapers, onto Cabinet table. Project is to re-write history and re-enact it. It is poison, and we must stand up to it 
Most people just have Good Friday and Easter Monday off at Easter.Not our MPs.They have TWO WEEKS off...not two days.In 2016/17 MPs were NOT sitting for 223 days.Or 61% of the year.Then MPs complain they don't have time to get #Brexit through !!! 
A director in a pivotal company in Arron Banks's business empire resigned after he was embroiled in a money-laundering probe.  Cracking new @opendemocracy investigation, on the man who spent £8m+ plus on Brexit 
In a #nutshellTheresa May could not even get a mandate for #Brexit during the 2017 electionNow she wants an illegal war with #syria without a vote in parliamentI am concerned for her mental health on this matter,I must be the only one?#NotInMyNameTheresaMay 
To the good people of #FBPE, thanks for RTing this. When twitter suspended my account I lost just under 7000 friends who are all fighting for the good of the nation against those who have conned the UK into this brexit coup takeover... look forward to hooking back up with you   
Interesting and encouraging that despite #Brexit the Chinese are looking to strengthen their European stock exchange liberalisation via LONDON. Not Paris Dublin Frankfurt Luxembourg Amsterdam or any EU base.  
As she said, make your voice heard. And one way is the local elections. Don’t be tribal, don’t let them take your vote for granted. Don’t vote Tory or Labour. Vote for anti-Brexit parties in May.#ABTV #EURvote2018 
Brexit, like:Doing the Tour de France on a bike with no saddle.Picking your nose with a cactus.Wiping your arse with a cactus.Doing the Tour de France with a cactus for a saddle.Why cactus?Because like Brexit it is full of pricks. 
#ABTV #EURVote2018 - check this out if you need to believe this can be done. 6.5 million people voted tactically in #GE2018 - if we do that in the #LE2018 - we will send a clear #stopbrexit message  Don't vote Labour or Tory - they are #brexit parties 
"My daughter, she lost her life because of this abortion law, because of the diagnosis, and she could not have an abortion. She died.”Andanappa Yalagi, the father of Savita Halappanavar, said yesterday. He called for a Yes vote in next month’s referendum on May 25#Together4Yes 
Cost of keeping EU nationals in British prisons is £140 million a year. After Brexit we should send them home 
EU citizens can vote in local elections. Help us remainers to stop Brexit by sending the two main parties a message. We don’t want Brexit, not a hard Tory Brexit or a Labour jobs first Brexit. Brexit effects everyone. Stop Brexit full stop. #ABTV #EURvote2018 
Again, maths. You know that 9/10 experts say Brexit hurts us.We're perfectly within our rights to choose (what I would consider) a very narrow view of what sovereignty is, over and above national prosperity. And come October, that may be the decision, but let's stay factual. 
If you want a chance to have #EURVote2018 heard as a vote for REMAIN then the only way is anti Brexit tactical voting #ABTV. Vote for any party which is pro EU and don’t become one of the statistics that tory/labour use to support Brexit. One time. One vote. One voice. 
This is why I’m voting tactically. I want my vote to count as a vote to REMAIN. Just cause the BBC presents Brexit as a done deal doesn’t mean it is! #ABTV#EURvote2018 Make your vote count! 
Citizens’ rights of EU27 citizens in the UK after #Brexit matter: FM @HeikoMaas met Maike Bohnen, representative of the @the3Million iniative today in Oxford.  @GermanyonBrexit 
"My daughter, she lost her life because of this abortion law, because of the diagnosis, and she could not have an abortion. She died.” Andanappa Yalagi, the father of Savita Halappanavar, said yesterday. He called for a Yes vote in next month’s referendum on May 25. #together4yes 
Why are Tory and Labour extremists supporting the referendum result?They want their extremist policies enabled by Brexit.So 3rd May Vote for a fair country.#ABTV = Anti-Brexit Tactical VoteDon't Vote ToryDon't Vote LabourVote for an Anti-Brexit Party.#EURvote2018 pic.twitter.com/6lqh55JGqB 
Hard-Brexit AHEAD: German central banker says UK COULD STILL walk away without deal  
When you realize your plan for Snow White is going about as well as Brexit.  
For all George Galloway's anti-Establishment rants he shared a stage with Danny Alexander, Chief Secretary to the Treasury in the Tory/Lib-Dem Government, & Tory Adam Tomkins in the indy referendum to tell us how we were all Better Together under the Premiership of David Cameron.  
No negative actions breed negative results. If you think i'm boring, you've probably heard me say that I studied EU law for years, many times.I'm telling you, one patriot to another, we can do much better than Brexit. 
#Brexit reality strikes: "the US Chamber of Commerce has warned that much investment in Britain was made “so companies could seamlessly access the much larger EU single market”."   
Honestly, I am genuinely sorry that correcting the lies Nigel keeps telling you, prevents you from riding the thrills of Brexit victory. I'd love it if the UK was doing something great, beneficial and worthy of pride, that we could all get behind. I've really missed that feeling.  
The entire centre ground of UK society: Listen chaps we feel you might want to review your editorial policy on Brexit.BBC: Oh yeah? Hold my beer.#RiversofBlood 
"Those that say young people don't support Brexit based on statistics and information and facts are not telling the truth even though that's what the truth means.Show them a video of me fist-bumping three children, ignore the wider context and confirm all your dumbass biases."  
The BBC, that’s excited to broadcast a racist speech by a racist dead politician in a climate of rampant racism, but as a matter of editorial policy won’t broadcast any criticism of Brexit. W. T. A. F.  
The three phases of Britain’s Brexit diplomacy over the Irish border:1. “Don’t worry Paddy, you’re not top priority, we’ll get to you...”2. “Now look here Paddy, you’re having a border and you’ll ruddy well like it.”3. “Please Paddy, be reasonable. We’re old friends...” 
Crispin Odey was one of the main funders of the Leave campaign. He shorted the pound and made a fortune when the referendum result came in. He is now betting against our...  
Godlkman Sachs chief exec lloyd Blankfein says he was wrong about Brexit. I thought there would have been a worse outcome by now… We are building a big building [in London] for more than £1 billion…' The plates are shifting 
I know people hate Facebook because privacy Trump Brexit etc, but what really annoys me about it is those fucking riddles that people share. 
Enoch Powell's "Rivers of Blood" speech had an impact similar to the toxic anti-immigrant rhetoric used by some Brexiters ahead of the #Brexit referendum, and Powell is a hero to the extreme right.Why does @BBC think it good idea to resurrect this poisonous diatribe now? 
Here's a reminder why you cannot vote Tory or Labour if you oppose Brexit.  
Even Lloyd Blankfein, the Remoaner CEO of Goldman Sachs, has admitted he was wrong about Brexit. "As of now the effect hasn’t been dramatic" - but we we told that Brexit would cause economic armageddon?! Support us at  
Stop Paying $300 for Glasses - Here's How! 
No, Sir Bill Cash, they are not "completely defying the British people". Only 26% of Brits voted for #Brexit, an unknown entity in itself, and that's after they were lied to and subjected to unauthorized psychological warfare operations. #StopBrexit 
NEW: The company Arron Banks used to pour money into the Brexit campaign was set up by a group of experts in hiding money in offshore tax havens who've been accused of breaking money laundering legislation in Jersey, Malta and Gibraltar:   
Congratulations Nigel! You managed to find 10 young Brexiters. And your conclusion is that young people support Brexit? Well, guess what?That's not how maths works!!!75% of 18-24 year-olds think your Brexit is a pile of *****!! @OFOCBrexit 
Those that say young people don’t support Brexit are not telling the truth. Show them this!  
Big fan of Royal Mail's new Brexit stamps.  
Ireland threatens to SCUPPER Brexit: Dublin wins support of Germany to block UK's EU exit  
Man who backed Brexit looks to collect from the country's misfortune. It's what the people wanted.  
So, I read @DanielJHannan's piece in the Sun & I wrote this in responseIt's to dig a little deeper into why people of all views (not just 'remoaners') are voicing concern abt potential Brexit impact on peace.Thanks @lsebrexitvote 
Not voting for Brexit makes me a lefty elite, not voting for Corbyn means I'm not working class?Fuck that!I'm the son of a bus driver & a waitress, a soldier who worked up from Private to Warrant Officer, work every day for a living, yeah, pretty fucking working class I'd say.  
"Government promises of a green Brexit have been cast into doubt by a new study that warns of declining protections for water, birds and habitats once Britain leaves the European Union." 
Remainer groups launch £1m drive to STOP BrexitThe “People’s Vote “ Democratically voted Leave! Except it, move On!  
Goldman Sachs CEO: I Was "Wrong" On Brexit  
.@FineGael will not be putting up its own posters during the referendum campaign on the #8 amendment. Instead it is supporting @Together4yes campaign which will be putting up 20,000 posters @rtenews @rtepolitics 
FM @HeikoMaas after meeting @BorisJohnson: discussed status of negotiations on #Brexit and the implications for our bilateral relations. We need the UK a key partner for the future. @GermanyonBrexit @foreignoffice 
Three Californias? Billionaire gathers enough signatures to trigger referendum  
Something to look forward to in the next financial year: the Government will be spending £942,000 a day on #Brexit planning. #52brexitfacts 
One of the big Brexit problems at the moment is an awkward feedback loop between corporate and public beliefs. People at the sharp end of trade-affected industries who understand WTO and FTA rules, and whose job it is to make Brexit preparations, are shitting themselves. (1/x) 
If you live in the border region, please complete 'Brexit At The Border' survey by @europe_icban and @QUBelfast:  
For young people to travel....*depending on their local Authority small print* Oppose Brexit then they could travel 27 countries and have a future.  
Goldman Sachs chief executive admits his Brexit predictions of doom and gloom have been proven "wrong"! 
Thank U @M_AndersonSF ,ur magnificent team+ @GUENGL 4inviting us 2 the Euro Parliament in Brussels 2commemorate the 20th Anniversary of GFA. The visit was an opportunity 4 MEPs across Europe 2listen 2 the challenges 2the GFA raised by Brexit.Our 4 SF MEPs R doing great work.   
Your daily reminder that there is no concrete difference at all between the Tories and Labour on Brexit.Both of them want something which they cannot have.#FBPE#ABTV 
Polling Status 12-04-2018Lahore:Total Vote:15Air League #PMLN :08Peoples Unity #PPP :06Insaf Front #PTI :01Karachi:Total Vote:48A-L:37P-U:11I۔F:0IslamabadTotal Vote:20A-L:17P-U:03I-Front:0PeshawarTotal Vote:09A-L:06P-U:03I-Front:0PIA Referendum 2018 
#Together4Yes having a difficult time explaining to their "chosen" children why they want to kill babies. #Savethe8th and @AbortionNeverIE didn't want this referendum at all. But if you're trying to legalise baby killing you should have thought about how to explain it in advance.  
Goldman Sachs' Blankfein thought Brexit would have had more negative effect - "I am wrong"  via @CityAM 
Brexit news: EU criminals won't cost us and that's 'good reason' to exit - EXPRESS COMMENTWith every day that passes we see yet another good reason for Brexit - we won't have to pay for EU criminals when we quit.  
Eurosceptic’s disgust as Remainers launch £1m campaign to STOP Brexit  
BREAKING: Leaked document confirms Brussels is preparing for NO DEAL BREXIT!             #fo2eu  
Had a super busy morning at the @EuropeanParl representing @nusuk in lobbying MEPs and then the afternoon meeting with the European Commission - on all things Brexit and students! Young people must be heard in these negotiations!  #FFS 
It you could hang seagulls I'd probably Brexit  
Rubbish.16 million voters have been ignored by Tories and Labour.Brexit will have a serious negative impact on local services.You just want us to vote Labour to prop up Corbyn.And as for us not being "working class", that's painfully stupid.  
"Each year, about 80% of the vehicles built in the UK are exported, so smooth international trade relations are vital for the automotive sector's continued prosperity."UK businesses using the 'Just in Time' business model are at serious risk from #Brexit 
It is NOT Nicola Sturgeon's brexit bill. It is the SCOTTISH PARLIAMENT'S Continuity Bill. 
AMERICA: California set for referendum on splitting into 3 states after campaigners get 600,000 signatures.A victory for direct democracy and taking power away from the establishment! 
Don’t be fooled; #Brexit will not be a clean break from the EU. #52brexitfacts : The UK Government is already working on 313 different programmes to implement Brexit, according to the National Audit Office #52brexitfacts 
MPs from all three major political parties, including Anna Soubry, a Tory, and Chuka Umunna, from Labour, will join forces with anti-Brexit campaigners to demand the chance to remain - branded The People's Vote.  
If the Devil is in the detail - then Brexit is a whole Devil’s playground. 
Delaying Brexit day makes sense for leave and remain | Geraint Davies  
“Everyone knows we are running in a toxic environment and the election will be a referendum on the president,” says Rep. Charlie Dent (R-Pennsylvania). 
Brexit...  
Haven't you got anything better to worry about than the name of a bridge? ask the Tories. Well, yes we do - things like Brexit & yet another fucking war. The bridge is symbolic of our disdain for all this & more. Let us worry about the little things & you just carry on being shit 
The E.U. faces a rebellion more threatening than Brexit, and six other stories you might have missed  
And this patriotic Brexiteer is now shorting British sovereign debt, in other words betting against the British economy because of the damage Brexit will do to all except the super-wealthy 
BRILLIANT: Bid to stop Brexit - Remainers to launch £1m campaign to keep the UK in Europe'  /#EU #Brexit  
More meetings have been added to our calendar of anti-Brexit events. Don't forget nearly 100 events will take place this Saturday.  
Nine Remain groups have joined forces to demand a second Brexit referendum The new campaign is backed by £1million in funding to try and stop BrexitThe cross party push fronted by Tory Anna Soubry and Labour's Chuka Umunna#StopBrexit #WATON #FBPE #OFOC 
Who said there's no #Brexit bonus?There is if you're a billionaire hedge fund manager like Crispin Odey. 
On - FTA post Brexit, Australia's Trade Minister @StevenCiobo tells @CroweDM "we would have a high-quality deal in place to commence as of the first of January in 2021"  | @smh @theage 
The local elections are three weeks away. Let's use them as an opportunity to pass a verdict on this Government's AWFUL handling of #Brexit.The deadline to register to vote is TUESDAY 17th APRIL.Make sure your voice is heard!  #FFS 
Are you registered to vote in the referendum on repealing the 8th amendment? The deadline is approaching, if you miss it, you will not be eligible to vote. For more info, go to  #Repealthe8th 
Big Ben is being worked on so it can strike 13 to mark the beginning of Brexit  
What with austerity which has caused misery, to #Brexit which is causing hatred, division, xenophobia, to possibly bombing Syria, now the Enoch Powell Rivers of Blood speech is going to be broadcast, what a depressing hell hole my once tolerant nation has become #ToriesOut. 
David Davis says Brexit is ‘90 percent there’  SO IS MY CONTRACEPTIVE PILL doesn’t mean I’m not gonna get fucked 
Hi @heraldscotland  & @settle_michael , don't you mean the 'Scottish Parliament's Brexit Bill' or has the ScotParl been renamed to 'Nicola Sturgeon'? Please confirm. 
A £1million campaign to stop #Brexit by forcing a 2nd referendum will be launched this weekend & the Mail aren't happy. Dubbed 'The People's Vote' the campaign brings together 9 different Remain groups & MPs from across the political divide.#FBPE  
A frank new report shows that trade plans post #Brexit will not properly protect our air, water or wildlife:    RT to tell @michaelgove that our #environment deserves better after Brexit.  
HERE IT COMES!!!UK set to launch unprecedented legal bid against Holyrood Brexit Bill  
Looking forward to delivering this month's Jean Monnet Lecture on Brexit and Ireland: “Negotiating the Negotiations”. 4pm this afternoon in Rm G27, O'Rahilly Building, University College Cork @UCC @MaryCMurphy All welcome (no prior registration). 
Away from all things Syria, Russia, Brexit and Trump, the #NHS in England has just endured another torrid month. The proportion of people seen within four hours at A&Es was 84.6%: well below the 95% target. 
Brexit wouldn’t be happening without the tremendous work Nigel Farage has done for 25 years and Jacob Rees Mogg is making sure our government doesn’t sell us out with a rotten deal. I don’t know where our nation would be without them. 
H.E ambassador @willynyamitwe today appointed by @ben_ndag , the Chairman of @CnddFddMairie  to be the CEO of the steering committee in charge of the compaign for the Constitutional referendum planned this May, 17th 2018. Congrats  
There's  going to be a pro-#Brexit rally in central #London this Saturday - @Steven_Woolfe MEP and Brendan Chilton @labourleave will be speaking (Among others)  
Apparently David Davis refuses to see companies which believe #brexit is a disaster & #brexiter loons Liam Fox & John Redwood have both publicly warned firms against speaking out 
The government wasted millions of £s on failed pro-remain propaganda during the referendum. Now a bunch of Remoaner politicians want to waste another million.  But then again it’s only other people’s money so what do they care?  
The BBC should not be broadcasting it ever. It is tantamount to inciting racial hatred. Brexit has given permission to all the bigots to spread their hatred and this just makes things worse. 
Big Brexit backer bets on Britain getting battered by Brexit.  
1. I have heard Labour leadership comments clearly stating:a. We'll be leaving the EU (Most of you)b. There won't be another Ref(Most of you)c. #Brexit ought 2B decided in a Gen Elect (JM)d. If there were a Ref it wld have to have a 2/3 maj to #StopBrexitSaveBritain. (BG) 
If there is one group of people likely to be upset about Brexit, it is bankers who earn more than €1 million, says @PaulJDavies 
If #Brexit is us 'taking back our country', tell me why more than 130,000 UK companies will be forced into paying VAT up-front on all goods imported from the EU due to #Brexit legislation currently in the pipeline. #52brexitfacts 
It doesn't surprise me that a "Vicar's daughter" who oversaw a cruel austerity on the poor and vulnerable of Britain will now order without a parliamentary debate the bombing of Syria to deflect from her shambolic handling of Brexit. #notinmynametheresamay 
As Number Ten prepares to impose consent for the Brexit “power grab” – why Sturgeon was right to defend Donald  Dewar’s devolution.  
“I don’t think anybody in government or opposition give a tuppeny’s you know what” about us post Brexit - Geoff Ross, 79, Brit in Paris.  
For a start it's not "Nicola Sturgeon's #Brexit bill" It was passed by the Scottish Parliament 95 votes to 32 with all parties supporting apart from the Tories + 1 LibDem. #continuitybill 
You must be fucking kidding me right?  Refloating Powell's racism as an 'amazing production job?'  And you're doing this now - when migrants are under threat like never before, w/ post-Brexit hate crime rising?  And you think this is a useful and good thing to do? Shame on you 
Our new Brexit campaign is in the news! We've come together with @HealthierIn, @tradedealwatch, @euromove, @_Britain4Europe and @Open_Britain - for a new campaign that launches this weekend!  
The first goal of the EU is to promote peace !!... It values the well-being of its citizens !!...It looks more and more as though we need the EU to save us from a Tory dictatorship !!..We must stop Brexit for our own protection !! #FBPE #StopBrexit #StopTories #ABTV 
There is no comparison between the economic consequences of Brexit and Corbyn. Brexit is an economic recalibration - which will leave us better off. Corbyn is like pulling a pin out of a grenade and then swallowing it. 
This is a strong indicator of life after Brexit. Not promising. "This thread contains excepts from the Japan Business Council in Europe (JBCE) and Keidanren (Japan Business Federation) joint statement on B […]" @BrexitBin 
How is it that @jeremycorbyn can be so rational over Syria and the need to weigh evidence, but so irratonal over Brexit where there is already so much eidence of disadvantages? @kmqkatie @KimSJ @MatthewGreen02 @JoRichardsKent @maria_hoskins @jcm247 
Wannabe dictator Theresa May is planning to use Syria as another chance to show her contempt for Parliament, just as she has done repeatedly over Brexit. 
“I went there seeking reassurance and I came away terrified about my future”It is no wonder that EU NHS workers are leaving. No one voted for that but our bumbling politicians are letting it happen with their fudged Brexit deal. 
Jo Swinson - Whatever the final #brexit deal is the public deserve to have a vote #FinalSay... this process started with democracy & it should continue with democracy... this is such a huge decision it should be in the hands of the people & not just politicians.#FBPE @joswinson 
This is not what I heard in Brussels yesterday & today. The fight against Brexit continues & stopping it will be hugely welcomed by our EU partners. “EU leaders 'have accepted' that UK will not cancel Brexit  
I have no problem with Mogg, Redwood, Hoey etc, they believe in Brexit and will vote for it. But I do have a problem with the greater number of @UKLabour and @Conservatives MPs who know Brexit is bad for our country but will still vote for it!  
Some news. James Graham, the brilliant playwright of This House and Ink, has revealed that he's written a Brexit film which is partly based on my first book. It should start filming this summer.  
Brexit will allow Canada to negotiate a larger and “more impactful” trade agreement with Britain than its deal with the EU, Justin Trudeau has said. In a show of support for Theresa May before next week’s Commonwealth heads of government meeting.  
Love these! The racist bile of the comment juxtaposed with a smiling middle-aged couple sipping some Pinot Grigio. These should go to the Brexit museum as an installation. If you’ve not seen it, check out @RacistPets for a similar effect. Good work! 
BBC is broadcasting Enoch Powell’s repugnant racist ‘rivers of blood’ speech this Saturday but won’t report today’s anti-Brexit marches. What is happening to our public service broadcaster? 
Mad Mrs May is desperate for a distraction away from her Brexit calamity so the opportunity for a war is heaven sent. But wait, Tory policies have already been responsible for more than 120,000 deaths. I think this time the message must be clear ENOUGH IS ENOUGH IS ENOUGH!  
People are starting to realise the impacts of #Brexit, with large numbers moving to mainland Europe. Surely the gvt. can’t sit by and pursue this damaging cause. They must grant the public a vote on the final deal with a chance to #ExitFromBrexit 
Britain's parliament could block #Brexit divorce bill: Brexit minister David Davis  
"Ever since the brexit vote racist hate crimes have soared. What should we do?""A huge production number of the most famously racist speech ever?""BRILLIANT!"  
Alastair Campbell: "If it's bad for Brexit it ain't on the Beeb."#FBPE 
Given the post-Brexit increase in hate crimes and general rise of the far-right in recent years, which cretin thought this would be a good idea? 
#Poll Headlines in April 2019 - UK leaves EU! Who would you want to lead UK post-Brexit/ 2 year & beyond? Please retweet once Voted - Many thanks 
17.4 million people voted Leave, and Parliament agreed to implement the result. A second referendum would only serve to weaken our negotiating position and encourage the EU to give us a bad deal. 
With the left going further to the left & the right lurching to the right - it is time for common sense politics in the UK. Both the @Conservatives& @UKLabour are adamant to deliver #Brexit come what may - whatever the costs!RT if you agree.  
Former Tory leader Iain Duncan Smith has hit back at the EU's chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier, telling him to stop meddling in Britain's democratic process  
This is exactly what we are campaigning against. We couldn't vote in the Brexit referendum so we should not become its collateral damage … If you agree with us, please join us 
There isn't going to be a "good Brexit deal". Nothing about it is good. Founded on lies, by cheats. Malevolence & ignorance is no base on which success can be built.  
Theresa May threatens to use royal prerogative powers to take us to war without a vote - what happened to returning "Parliamentary sovereignty"? #Brexit 
Crony-capitalist big business supports EU regulation because it shuts out competition and allows them to rip off consumers. It's time to end this scam.  #Brexit 
FM @HeikoMaas on #Brexit: we must spare no efforts to avoid a hard border between Ireland and Northern Ireland. @GermanyonBrexit @GermanyintheEU @dfatirl @simoncoveney 
Please could all the old Brexit dons move abroad so we can have Corbyn  
Not fair. They scrapped their EMA, trebled tuition fee, took away housing benefit and outsourced the Brexit decision to people who won't live long enough to see the consequences. Would've been better if they HAD been bereft of ideas. 
It is unacceptable that British nationals working and living on the continent are completely in the dark over their post-#Brexit status. Time for @theresa_may to provide some clarity for once. 
This is a very concerning report from @MigObs about the EU citizens at risk of losing their rights after Brexit, as they may not be aware they need to apply. Please help get the word out!  
Some people say we shouldn't make #Brexit an issue in #LE2018. They are wrong. Brexit in any form will reduce local authority funding, just as it will adversely impact all government services including the #NHS and policing. #StopBrexit #ABTV #VoteEU 
The EU are obviously worried that a truly global Britain will create a situation where we will not only undermine their Single Market but more importantly bring in to question their protectionist regime.Oh well We voted to Leave, not Leave with restrictive caveats.#Brexit  
* Brexit not included.  
After supporting Brexit, which will remove freedom of movement in 27 EU countries, Corbyn tries to buy-off under-25s with a bus pass. “Sorry, kids, ideology comes before your freedom of movement across Europe, but at least you can get a bus into town.” 
Owen is right. The BBC shouldn't give so much airtime to someone with 'a relentless sympathy for Brexit'.  
Andrew Neil may be  pro Brexit but I still think he’s a great, formidable interviewer who’ll call out any politician for bullshit.  Owen Jones’ policy for an anti Brexit campaign is this “ if Corbyn ain’t leading it, it ain’t gonna happen” 
Corbyn: how about giving young people & indeed ALL people a free ride in the Really Big Bus of freedom of movement in the EU? - instead of trying yet another (unaffordable) bribe for votes to help you support a Tory Brexit. 
'Bus travel is middle-class, Mr Corbyn! Anyway, stop Brexit, so my three children can live, love, learn, travel, and work in 30 countries." 
They promised that #Brexit was about taking back control. Today, many of those Brexiteers are sitting around the Cabinet table plotting to bomb Syria without a vote at Westminister - all they were after was more power from themselves!  
An invisible Irish border after Brexit? That seems impossible without a customs union, according to @joswinson of the Lib Dems  
Fury as Royal Mail snubs Brexit for extinct and endangered species stamps  
DFID secretary @PennyMordaunt says she voted for Brexit to protect British values  
Again, with respect, I have been writing about racism and xenophobia for decades. The most reliable data we have (which isn't perfect) shows a long running trend of decline in racism, which has not reversed since Brexit. On immigration, attitudes are more positive now than 2016 
Question for @jeremycorbyn:It’s clear that Brexit will badly impact the UK economy, bringing many job losses.At the same time, it will remove from UK workers the right to seek work elsewhere in the EU.The antithesis of what you profess to stand for.Why do you support it? 
This is the racist, alarmist bullshit that #CambridgeAnalytica fed to to British people to get them to vote to against a union of white, Christian, Western democracies. This isn’t democracy. Brexit is a war on Western and British values.  
Michel Barnier gives the UK until the end of the transition period to change its red lines and stay in the Single Market. Brexit is not inevitable. RT!  
I am dealing with #Brexit  by doing the right thing and stopping it. Because it wasn't just me who lost on 23rd June 2016... The whole country lost. And we will continue to lose until we #StopBrexit 
Bid to stop Brexit: Remainers to launch £1m campaign to keep the UK in Europe 
Yes, I find this attitude destructively misguided. Most Brexit voters not racist. Overwhelming majority of Brits, regardless of EU Ref vote, support full rights for migrants who have been here 5 plus years, let alone 45 plus years. There is no public support for this fiasco. 
Why the Tories are doing Brexit is explicable - criminal client self-interest.What's totally inexplicable is why the rest of our entire political class & media don't fight it - when the notion that it's a lawful & democratic process is patent falsehood.100% self-deception. 
Car makers say trade barriers after #brexit will kill the industry in the UK, and increase unemployment - just as the "experts" predicted two years ago. #projectreality #fbpe #stopbrexit 
In today's #Brexit news:- Nissan pulling out of Sunderland- Airbus pulling out of UK (16k+96k jobs)- UK fishing stocks to continue to be sold to foreign companies as happens now because it's a UK policy not an EU policyAny good news I can announce? #FBPE 
Sir Bill Cash: "The latest polling says 65 per cent of the British people do not want a second referendum; they are living in a parallel universe."  
The condition is you vote Labour vote 4 Brexit - lose your freedom to learn live & work in 27 countries lose Erasmus lose your human rights workers rights & Hey you get to live in Post Brexit Britain!!!Vote Pro EU#StopBrexit #ABTV #FinalSay #WATON 
Meanwhile, in the €urozone...No Brexit deal is a nightmare scenario for EU exporters. “All the traditional fresh Dutch products – flowers, fruit and food will be hardest hit,” says Hans de Boer of the Confederation of Netherlands Industry and Employers.  pic.twitter.com/TfCJG1vvfu 
A number of Right2Life twitter users have complained to me  that they are being shadow banned in recent times by @twitterdublin. Given how close we are to the referendum Twitter should make public comment on this.  
What will happen to EU citizens who don’t apply for settled status after Brexit? @MigObs report looks at groups who might not realise they have to, e.g children, people living here 30+ years, people who already have perm res docs. There are a lot of them: 
Half the country wants Brexit = I must respect will of the peopleThree-quarters of the country opposes bombing #Syria = Sod 'em #NotInMyNameTheresaMay 
The EU's chief Brexit negotiator says he will insist on a "non-regression clause" in a future trade deal which would tie Britain to the bloc's strict standards after Brexit  
You cannot outbid 17.4m people |Bid to stop Brexit: Remailers to launch £1m campaign to keep the UK in Europe' | via @telegraph 
Free bus travel for the under-25s: to be paid for by fuel efficiencies gained by not stopping for Jews, Brexit opponents or anyone who hasn’t pledged allegiance to the anti-imperialist cause.   
Point of note for Boris and co. : Scotch Whisky , which accounts for a staggering 20% of UK food and drink exports, will lose its protected EU status after Brexit. Peru (concidentally, where  @DanielJHannan was born), is planning to make and sell its own Scotch Whisky, 
Watch live: U.K. Brexit secretary @DavidDavisMP takes the stage at #WSJCEOCouncil 
I’m making a complete and utter Brexit of Brexit 
The UK is about to use military intervention with no clear strategy in a civil war in #Syria between competing brands of tyrannical Islamic fundamentalism neither of which we support. Is this yet more distraction from the shambles and stupidity of Brexit? 
If you see @TheNewEuropean on the newsstands today, please buy it. Some news organisations have given up on telling the truth about Brexit. Others want you to give up. Don’t. Resist.  
When will the advocates of Brexit accept that every premise on which it was based was flawed. (N.b. @BorisJohnson claimed that Brexit would would enable removal of 120% tariff on whisky to India. In fact, UK insistence on that appears to have been the obstacle to EU-India deal)  
If MPs think Brexit will be good for Britain they should definitely vote for it. But if they don’t they have a duty to vote against it and to explain to the British people why. Can anyone disagree with this? @UKLabour @Conservatives 
Green Brexit unlikely despite government claims, report concludes  
The country supposedly voted Brexit to return power to Parliament...so now May ignores parliament on Brexit and on bombing Syria...something gone wrong somewhere. #Cabinet 
Her record on #Brexit has demostrated beyond any doubt - that she holds Parliament in contempt !She probably suspects she will lose the vote #Syria - which is why her preference is to invoke the #CrownPrerogative 
Sir Bill Cash nails this set of wealthy anti-democratic Remainers: "The latest polling says 65 per cent of the British people do not want a second referendum; they are living in a parallel universe."  
It costs 2.5 times as much in social contributions (eg Nat. Ins.) for a company to employ someone in France as it does in the UK. One of many reasons we mustn't agree to 'alignment' post-Brexit.  Exclusive story:  @OwenPaterson @SteveBakerHW @johnredwood 
If ALL REMAINERS voted LIBERAL DEMOCRAT at the council elections on 3rd MAY, WE WOULD KILL THEIR BREXIT.  
Unfortunately yes. Saw people sharing stuff like this all over Facebook from before the referendum.  
"Alexa, find me a metaphor for Brexit."  
UK economy “was not meant” to do so well after Brexit, insists Economist. They make it sound like reality needs to conform to the pundit narrative, rather than pundit reporting reflect reality   
The first duty of any govt is to protect its citizens, are our citizens under threat from Syria? No, is bombing Syria in our national interest, NO, is this all about May sucking up to a war mongering US President in the hope of Brexit trade deals, YES, am i being cynical? NO. 
India stresses Brexit has created sense of urgency in New Delhi that EU talks should be revived, primarily as Indian companies  focused on the UK as launchpad into single market..Trade deals outside the EU easiest thing to do - what do you say now @LiamFox 
Here is the non @bbcnews news @bbcr4today Hammond warns of Brexit catastrophe in Ireland. India warns of difficulties over UK trade deal. UK ambassador in France lambasted by Brit residents. Not a peep. If it's bad for Brexit it ain't on the Beeb #wildflowers coming up 
The simultaneous push for post-Brexit regulatory alignment from the CBI and Michel Barnier is shameless – and wrong, of course  via @BrexitCentral. @theresa_may @BorisJohnson @DavidDavisMP @LiamFox @CBItweets @The_IoD @fsb_policy @NFUtweets @CLAtweets 
.“I wish the WHOLE notion of Brexit would just disappear.". 
So the biggest funder of the Leave campaign has bet his whole fund on the consequences of Brexit being a lot worse than the market expects. 
As we hurtle towards a major war in the Middle East which is likely to become #WW3 & involve nuclear weapons, we can see now what a massive diversion the whole #Brexit debate was. The ‘independence’ we needed most of all was from the NeoCon Endless War Lobby. 
Brexit: EU to make UK sign guarantee it won’t slash environmental regulations on leaving >This is massively significant. Could ensure that we retain the @PrecPrinciple. Well done, EU.PLEASE RT! 
Why the British economy has done better than expected since the Brexit vote  
WELL DONE BREXICHEATERS - is this really the brexit Britain you voted for - Villified by all & sundry for its hostile environment towards anyone not british or perceived to not be British - I am ashamed & embarrassed    
Green #Brexit unlikely despite government claims, report concludes 
They're Brextremists themselves tailoring their questions to help an extreme Brexit... When did you last hear a BBC journalist mention the UK's diminished tax revenues due to Brexit? #BrexitBroadcastingCorporation 
Benjamin Franklin said 'their were two certainties in life, death and taxes' We can now add another '#Brexit will damage the UK's economy and cost jobs' 
Wondering if #Remainers now deserve some credit for standing up for reason, common sense & #Remain. We who are trying to #StopBrexitSaveBritain & end this #BrexitShambles aren't traitors but real Patriots defending our country from self harm. #Brexit= LOSE LOSE#FairVote #ABTV18 
#AlexSalmondShow is now showing. Watch interview with Lord Dafydd Wigley on history of @Plaid_Cymru & future of Wales #Brexit- Freeview: Channel 113 - Freesat: Channel 206- Sky: Channel 512 You can also watch a live stream online for free here -  
In the first six tweets I have read this morning two have illustrated Brexit effect on jobs (Nissan and Airbus) FFS Britain WAKE UP before its too late!  
Thousands of EU nationals could inadvertently become illegal residents in the UK after Brexit  
We now know that every #brexit scenario makes us all poorer and risks the destruction of the NHS. Here's an idea! #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Met Greater Manchester Mayor @AndyBurnhamGM last night to discuss Brexit & the North-West. PM & David Davis totally ignoring the Mayors & English local government. It’s all about ‘taking back control’ - to Tory Government in Whitehall 
A dhimmi friend of mine who felt that Kashmir should get a referendum, was planning a trip to Kashmir in the last week of April. Cancelled it now due to the stone pelting in valley and tells me "You were right, Indian army needs to rule with an iron fist in the valley". 
So Theresa May's plan isAusterityNHS crisisHousing crisisWage crisisCouncil crisisSpend huge money on unnecessary warTake focus off Brexit, annoying literally everyonePotentially help ISIS by opposing RussiaTie ourselves to TrumpHas she actually gone mad?#r4today 
Brexit means the UK will get a 'better' trade deal with Canada  via @MailOnline 
I guess all my Brexit voting chums in and around Derby will be thinking "but Toyota will be OK, not the same, we'll be fine?". Thank FUCK for fish! We are all fishermen now.  
‘Green Brexit unlikely despite government claims’Those experts whom @michaelgove despises have assessed risks to environmental protection after Brexit and conclude EU legal protection is better for the environment than his warm words about #GreenBrexit 
Green Brexit unlikely despite government claims, report concludes  
"I'm sick to death of Europe and these ridiculous directives. They're often thought up by people who don't know anything about working on a farm."British people have been telling us what they like and dislike about Brexit  
Brexit: EU to make UK sign guarantee it won’t slash environmental regulations after exitThis is important. It means if UK wants to continue to trade with EU we cannot cut environmental (and other) standards. Another of the reasons for Brexit vanishes 
Brexit makes no sense for manufacturing.#stopbrexit 
Venn diagram of people complaining about a $2 million Hit and Run investigation and those who told people to stop whingeing about a $26 million flag referendum 
Brexit means the UK will get a 'better or larger' trade deal with Canada, says Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau.  
Trade barriers after Brexit will kill the UK car industry, and create lots of unemployment.  Is the UK braced for this event?  
BBC News - Carmakers fear rising trade barriers after Brexit  
Why does England have increasing rape, knife and acid attacks?Because They opened their borders to 3rd World Low IQ 7th Century...Pssst...but you can’t talk about it or you’ll be banned! #Brexit #Now 
Bannon also knows that Trump turns many things into a nuance-free, up-down referendum on himself. And he’s offering Trump an idea for another such referendum.  
Brexit gibberish from a closet leftist, of course, but what is more humorous is that he’s a councillor for a tiny, posh area of London. No one cares what you think about Brexit mate, just keep the potholes filled.  
YOUNG EUROPEAN OF THE YEAR 2018.  It's time the press and media acknowledged Madeleina's achievement.  Someone tell them, (especially @BBCNews) that Brexit doesn't mean you're not allowed to mention this award, #stopbrexit @Channel4News 
Remainers are launching a campaign this weekend to raise £1 million to stop Brexit. Eh? Surely Blair, Clegg, Mandleson and Campbell could raise that between them? Soros could simply write a cheque. Why bother with a campaign? Remainers after all condemn populism. 
Clearly subversive activity here! #Catalonia's National Pact for the Referendum, subscribed by hundreds of organisations. Photo: clandestine 2017 meeting of ring-leaders in Parliament building. Some have been summoned by a judge. STOP THIS JUDICIAL ORGY! 
I thought UKGov using the Skripal poisoning to deflect attention from their Brexit shambles was the lowest of the low but now there's Syria. We'd better get out of this "precious union" before global warming get's a helping hand. #ScotRef #Syriawar 
2 years ago I was a totally 100% supporter of the BBC licence fee, didn’t consider any alternative. Now I would have to think about it, with the negative arguments - don’t make Murdoch happy - having to do more work as a determining factor. #Brexit is destroying a lot of things. 
Issues facing the UK:- Brexit- Russia- SyriaLabour Party solutions:- FREE BUS PASSES 
Dear Mrs May, If you're starting WW3 tonight, does it mean that Brexit will be cancelled? 
If confirmed, this is a disaster for the  NE.#StopBrexit #Brexit #ABTV 
So @theresa_may who has taken almost two years to NOT work out what the hell Brexit even is, is decisively (without a vote - and no mandate) joining unstable amateur president Trump in a WAR - to distract from allegations against HIM.What could possibly go wrong?#Newsnight 
Thousands of jobs lost at Nissan due to the Tory/Labour Brexit.Corbyn says his Brexit won't cost any jobs well well here's 1000s for a start.Vote Pro EU May 3rd Local Elections Send your message to Westminster we won't be ignored#ABTV #WATON #FinalSay #StopBrexit #Remain 
"This (midterm election) will be a referendum on Donald Trump and the prospects for the republican party just got darker" @SykesCharlie @NewsHour 
I have had confirmation today from my friend who is a senior manager at Nissan that the company WILL be leaving Sunderland after Brexit. He said they are in the final stages of merger talks with Renault and it will not be financially viable to remain in the post-Leave UK!! Pls RT 
"Britain must stay permanently bound to EU regulations, if it wants a post-Brexit trade deal".In other words, we'll be a Rule Taker, not a Rule Maker. So, what's the point of leaving? 
On the verge of an attack, Russia, #Skripal’s, Brexit etc.Anti-Semitism out of control in @UKLabour But @jeremycorbyn: More uncosted free stuff  
. @BorderIrish People  who insist that it's the EU that wants a hard-border don't seem to understand that it's an obligation of having FTA with other countries that you have Rules of Origin checks. This applies to both EU and the UK post-Brexit.  
You don't tend to hear about cutting red tape any more from Brexiteers - as a reason for leaving.....Brexit: 'Bonfire of rules' mean more costs than benefits, CBI says -  
sometimes I’m doing alright, and then I remember that nus has policy to have a demo for a second referendum on brexit 
This country is on a knife edge . Goverment betraying referendum.  Peoples trust in police at all time low.Parties no one truely believes in .Stabbings rapes "poisioning " now Syria you are asking for civil unrest . 
I've been a Labour supporter most of my life, my dad has been Labour supporter most of his life, my Granddad was a Labour member and supporter all his life. I can't at the moment support Labour due to their stance on Brexit because it will hurt the working class the most 
‘Green’ Washington State’s Democrat-controlled Senate rejects carbon tax. This, after voters directly rejected in 2016 referendum.  #ableg #ucp #cdnpoli #cpc 
The battle to stop Brexit is gathering speed #StopBrexit #WATON #FBPE #OFOC 
#Biafrans #IPOB Really thank & appreciate the great Rally from IPOB family #SouthAfrica yesterday on #supportbiafratrefrendum @AsoRock asking for Referendum is not asking for war, i hope world leaders will be Biafran witnesses when the time comes #freennamdikanu 
#ScotlandIsNow is a giant dod of Scottish soft power. No’ half-bad, either. I once wrote about how depoliticised, mystic and un-modern #scotspirit was () This is a reasonable response. & as Brexit stinks up the place, time we reminded the world who we are.  
I've been away from twitter, spending time with the people I love the most.I return more sincere, more determined than ever to fight for their future. To pull away the curtain and expose Brexit for the sham that it surely is.I'm taking my country back.#Resist#StopBrexit 
PM without a Parliamentary majority takes military action without parliamentary approval. Brexit leaves all of us exposed.  
Current events: Brexit, Anti-semitism and global conflict. Jeremy Corbyn: Bus passes.  
“Pretty straightforward”? @Keir_Starmer is this a joke? For starters there is nothing straightforward about this for EU citizens. And we already know that the 6 tests cannot be met. How much lower do you intend to skink with the spin? Plus Labour is actively enabling Brexit.  
I’ve been mauled by @afneil (I’m a Brexit Tory), it’s not a pleasant experience. The idea that he isn’t excellent at his job, just because some of the Hard Left don’t like his views, is a joke.  
In the last GE, Mrs May saw her dream of a landslide majority swept away. At the same time, Mr Corbyn saw his dream of Number 10 swept away, he could not win even against the worst Tory party ever!! And yet they still don't listen! Remind them on 3rd May. No Brexit. 
The EU's chief Brexit negotiator has told Theresa May she can change her mind on leaving single market up until 2021  
Paradox that #Brexit could unlock a deeper #trade deal between the EU and India, previously held up by UK government’s positions. Yet govt thinks it could do better separately! 
Cornish pasties could lose their protected EU status after Brexit  via @MailOnline ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Penny dropping is it? 
Buffon: “You should definitely have a 2nd referendum on whether Britan leaves the EU”Michael Oliver:  
For those not already doing so, Adam Payne is an excellent and scrupulously accurate follow on Brexit.(full disclosure: he interviewed me once, and I liked him and his piece)  
What happens when you type 'brexit voters' in google.  #fbpe 
A large number of people who were wailing that Brexit would lead to breaking the peace in Northern Ireland, have suddenly turned into tub-thumping bomb-happy hawks on Syria. 
So @Keir_Starmer are you saying we should ignore @JeremyCorbyn's repeated assertions that the UK must quit the Single Market, a move which would clearly fail your second test?#StopBrexit #ABTV #Brexit  
Joe Hart is a proper alpha male that's why. Michael Oliver doesn't respect continental Nancy boys but when there's a proper hard Brexit keeer in his face, he reverts to the little bitch he is. Love it. Ironss  
Revealed: George Soros Pumps a Total of £800,000 into Anti-Brexit Campaign   
John King says it is important to wear a badge. Men never brought up the referendum with him until he began wearing a badge. Now he discusses topic regularly with men.#MeathForYesLaunch 
Brexit is like resigning from a tennis club, no longer pay club fees, refuse to follow club rules (Single Market/CustomsUnion/Freedom of Movement) but still demand free access to the courts & all the facilities. No wonder the EU asks Britain to get real! 
Barca throw away a 3 goal lead. Sevilla out. Real Madrid with a last minute penalty to save Spain from the most humiliating national exit from Europe since Brexit. 
Kier, give it up. Nearly all of your  party do not want Brexit. You can't keep this up and expect their support when you finally bid for the leadership. You are wasting the nations time by agreeing with the fascists opposite. 
Now here's the thing @Keir_Starmer - You say you'll vote against but if you win that vote which is highly unlikely because of your colleagues such as @KateHoeyMP - what would happen next? Would the UK crash out with a "No Deal" as the #ERG hopes will happen?#Brexit #Stopbrexit 
Plenty of codswallop about Brexit being pushed by reputable voices at the moment. Perhaps the worst being there’ll only be post-Brexit trade barriers if both sides “want” them. Total tosh. EU is legally obliged to impose a border if UK quits single market & CU. Basic. 
 Listen: Germany's banking boss Andreas Dombret says London will remain Europe's main financial hub after Brexit despite attempts to lure services to Frankfurt and Paris  
If the government wants to punish Russia for #Skripal & the #DoumaGasMassacre it could cancel #Brexit thus inflicting a massive strategic defeat on Putin. It won't. Our government is helping a mass-murdering enemy of democracy.#BrexitBetraysBritain#StopBrexit #FBPE #ABTV 
“Feel the temperature in the room,” one man shouted.@BritishInEurope @BremainInSpain@The3MillionFrom #bargainingchips to #colateraldamage??Britons in France grill ambassador over post-Brexit rights  
Why the British economy has done better than expected since the Brexit vote  
Dacre’s puppet and Trump’s poodle. What a sad country we have become to allow someone like Mrs May to have power over us. Mrs May’s actions show that she hates the average British person, she only likes rich Brexiteers. Stop Brexit. #FBPE 
„I’m deeply saddened that within a year Britain is going to be demoted to being a tiny little island floating around in the North Sea...“ #Brexit  
How are we going to pay for this said war? There is no magic money tree remember? Unless it’s for wars, brexit and the DUP apparently 
City Hall is making it easier for EU citizens living in London to access the information they need to stay in the UK after Brexit. Take a look at what we’ve got planned here:  
Here is Andrew Neil destroying Brexit minister Steve Baker and showing why he’s the best broadcast political journalist in the country. Brexit minister Steve Baker's car crash interview.  via @YouTube 
This is absolutely true. Although Airbus CEO has been totally forthright today, many firms tell us privately how dire #Brexit is but don’t state publicly cos fear a) govt ire b) drop in share price c) loss of workers if they think company at risk.So conspiracy of #Brexit silence  
Well done again, UK Home Office... inspiring our confidence in your humanity & capacity as Brexit looms. What a win for the country.  
Local elections.May 2018Don’t vote Labour or Conservative.They like Brexit. Brexit is bad. Don’t be Bad. #ABTV.Remain parties are less bad, they don’t like Brexit. Vote for them. 
Pic shows the most important reason for peace in Syria. It was a secular, cultured semi-western country until the west ruined the middle East.Trump & May desperate for diversions from #Mueller impeachment & #Brexit disaster.Meanwhile the children suffer#DangerousTimes #pmht 
'Shock tactic pro-life side will use in referendum will be to tell the truth about abortion'. John Waters at huge pro-life meeting tonight in Clontarf.  
furious, sad, disillusioned, disenfranchised, weary, angry, Brexit makes me all of those things...and enough of them to keep fighting to #stopbrexit 
No thanks. Theresa May has already made it quite clear we don't want our laws and borders controlled by Brussels and the public support her. #brexit  
There's talk amongst the brexists of a Brexit Museum. Let's take it one step further and have Brexit Zoo. The first exhibits.#StopBrexit 
Brexit as appealing as: a refurbished 2nd hand sex toya love bite on a boilFarage in a mankiniDavis in a mankiniJohnson in a mankiniJRM incontinence pantsDeep fried Caramac Steak & raspberry yogurt pieIf Brexit doesn't appeal then don't vote Tory or Labour, 3rd May 
Want to welcome a new campaign - "Our future" - to the #repealthe8th referendum. They've assembled some wonderful content - share, share, share.   
Oh, look. It's another game of Cambridge Analytica, SCL, AggregateIQ spot-the-difference. This one six weeks post referendum.  
In tomorrow's National ... @LesleyRiddoch on an Irish antidote to Brexit  
"The impact of Brexit on their lives was exposed by the detail. What about future spouses? What if they fall in love with a French man or woman? Can they go back to Britain with them? What about assets, and inheritance rights for children born in France?" 
Before the referendum, the Treasury was forecasting that #Brexit would be economic suicide for the UK. So why did the PM and ministers still go ahead and trigger Article 50, rather than gathering more data? 
Margaret Thatcher agreed with Lord Attlee that the referendum is "a device of dictators and demagogues." How right the #Brexit politics of the lies, hate, scapegoating and  the "Will of the People" has proven the two greatest post-war Prime Ministers!#StopBrexit #ABTV #VoteEU 
“British people  (in the EU) will become #thirdcountry nationals after #Brexit.”-@guardianThey are not pleased. 
Has anyone found a #Brexit benefit yet, apart from less tax for millionaires? 
More than half of all UK exports go to the EU, so UK businesses have to comply to EU manufacturing rules and regulations. The UK is about to lose all say on making those rules and regulations, post #Brexit. So tell me again #Brexiteers, how is that taking back control? 
A warm welcome to Irish colleague @simoncoveney here in NL. Had good talks about our excellent bilateral relations. Repeated that we support Ireland in the #brexit negotiations and that we look forward to more realism from the UK.  
100,000 people simultaneously marching through major UK cities against Brexit wasn't worth reporting by the #BrexitBroadcastingCorporation. Which notoriously racist person can we get to throw a bucket of dead fish in to the Thames for us? That seems to work? 
Tory Brexiters celebrating quitting the Single Market have no idea that it was pioneered by Margaret Thatcher’s government in the 1980s.#StopBrexit #Brexit #ABTV 
BREXIT SHOCK: Brussels cuts UK from EU data only to reveal HUGE shortfall left by divorce  
‘Brexit removes 2 hurdles: UK wanted India to drop high tariffs on Scotch whisky, & was deeply concerned that a more liberal visa regime - one of New Delhi’s priorities - would bring wave of Indian workers primarily to UK’All that guff about EU holding back UK trade w India...  
There are no fucking benefits! There is no Brexit dividend.  
We all have our biases, and I'm sure that I have mine. However, I believe that our province is at a political precipice, where a step in the wrong direction, prompted by misinformation and rage, will be costly. US, Brexit, etc. should serve as lessons for Albertans. #ABleg 
Brexit: Cost of scrapping EU rules ‘vastly outweighs’ benefit, says the CBI.The EU's single market "is one of the most sophisticated systems of economic rules in existence”, @CBItweets says.We’re better off if we #StopBrexit and #Remain in the EU. 
The ambassador was heckled and laughed at. And rightly so. #brexit is a disaster and the @Conservatives are a shambles! #StopBrexit2018#StopBrexitSaveBritain  
Airbus warns it will 'grind to a halt' if UK government goes ahead with hard Brexit"We must have more clarity on the UK’s long-term relationships, not just for the next 20 months.”#FinalSay 
Theresa May's Brexit red line on the customs union could be next one to go  
Furious at the verdict of democrats.“I don’t like Brexit,” EU Council President Tusk has said. “Actually, that’s an understatement: I believe Brexit is one of the saddest moments in twenty first-century European history. In fact, sometimes I am even furious about it.” Bloomberg 
Huge thanks all on Sunday! You did everyone proud! Only the start of resisting a sell out! May & her europhiles think they can get away with Brexit In Name Only by dismissing fishing & coastal communities as not mattering.Sunday shows 1000s beg to differ! 
Most of the Catalonia and most of the catalan votes went to parties, who want to vote freely for independence. Why are you so afraid of this? Afraid of referendum? That is not democracy dude. 
The battle to stop Brexit is gathering speed That's the kind of fighting talk we like to hear! @Bremaininspain 
Lots of debate now about #indyref2 timing. For me the arguement is clear regardless of timing, but waiting until after brexit will have people saying "I just survived one massive change, am no having another one". Use the mandate. 
Next month, Ireland will hold a historic referendum on abortion  
Take the sticks of Extra Gum (and the compliment)! #GiveExtragetextra 
#BoatyMcBoatface proves a vote can be overruled, if Govt so chooses. The *will of the people* is not sacrosanct, as Tories, wearing their best #Brexit-McBrexity-Face expressions, pretend.Besides, #Brexit is NOT the will of the people, since only 37% of electorate voted for it.  
One day, Brexit will be seen by all for what it is, a skidmark on the underpants of democracy, a turd on an open toed sandal, snot on a door handle, faecal matter in a dish of nuts on a bar, stuck for eternity in a lift with Farage, a fucking disaster. No Brexit 
Oh dear Ruth Davidson....it seems #indyref2 is justified!!!Does Brexit Justify Another Scottish Independence Referendum?  
Lmaoooo a black Frenchman, an Algerian and an Egyptian about to win POTY 3 years in a row and you think the FA won’t give Kane that goal?Brexit Means Brexit. 
Speech by Tánaiste @simoncoveney delivered in The Hague this afternoon. A Shared Agenda: Sustaining the Good Friday Agreement in the context of Brexit. #GFA20 #Brexit @IrelandinNL 
Not a single day goes by that I don't hate the fuck out of Brexit. Every day that goes by & still there is no Brexit fucking dividend. Every day the local elections get closer & strengthens my resolve not to vote @UKLabour or @Conservatives. No vote for a Brexit supporting party. 
It is quite clear to me now that Labour is deliberately playing the helpless victim of a Tory Brexit so that they can win the 2022 GE after we have left the EU, and Labour supporters are witlessly swallowing it. I hope both Labour & Tories get utterly screwed in that GE.#ABTV 
Is Ireland a tinpot republic? As if! Sure it’s perfectly normal for the head of govt to use Twitter to drum up cash for lobby groups on one side of a constitutional referendum. Not strange at all at all! #Varadkar #Together4Yes #8thref 
Airbus warns it will 'grind to a halt' if UK government goes ahead with hard Brexit  
PA GOP would have to pass this bogus "reform" in two consecutive legislative sessions & then a voter referendum to amend PA's constitution. That makes it an uphill challenge for the GOP, but gerrymandering foes must be vigilant  
Big thanks for all the support guys, this topic is very close to my heart and I have been very passionate about women’s rights and what this referendum means for Irish women all along. @togetherforyes 
The Good Friday Agreement has nothing to fear from Brexit  
British embassy fracas over Brexit. Ambassador told ““You say May is looking after our interests, If she is stripping us of our rights, that is demonstrably false. She is happy to flush my rights down the toilet as long as it saves the Tory party.””  
British ambassador to France is heckled in two hour roasting at British embassy after inviting Brits in Paris for an update on Brexit  
Brexit may present new opportunities for the Commission to broker a trade deal with India  
Catching up on the news, I see Ryan’s folks were probably the ones spreading the info re: internal R polling.It’s not just a blue wave. It’s a TSUNAMI. Voters are seeing this as a referendum on Trump. His 30% base, as deplorable as they are, aren’t enough to win elections.  
Barnier: UK can change mind on single market until end of 2020. - Hopefully we’ll have changed our mind about Brexit by then.  
David Coburn MEP - "It’s our democratic decision to vote to leave the EU of course, which is everyone’s right.   "So why the negativity about it? If that is the decision of the British people that should be correct." #Brexit  
Biased Bill Emmott - the former Economist journo who was put in charge of Ofcom ahead of the EU referendum despite his extreme pro-EU views - is set to get a huge chunk of public money after leaving the quango. What a farce!Support us at  
The Brexit assessments the Government didn’t want released have been published - now everyone can see what they were hiding  via @LondonEconomic 
City regulator plans to spend 12 x more this year than last on #Brexit prep, such is the scale of the nightmare facing the 58,000 companies it oversees.  This is a delusional govt with its head in the sand and not a clue what to do except hide the truth #FBPE 
Cambridge Analytica And The U.K. Raid on their Offices in "London"  The Tories gave them plenty of Warning on the Raid giving them time to get any damaging evidence out of the Country! Why? Had they something To Hide? Brexit and Election Fraud perhaps! Now they push a war? 
EU Migrant Cost: Trillion Euros here and a Trillion Euros there: Soon you are talking real money; Britain smart to #Brexit #BuildTheWall 
No @BBCNews. It’s not good enough to simply dismiss complaints about your Brexit coverage from @Andrew_AdonisHold Brexiters fairly to account. Give full and fair coverage to #Remain & #StopBrexit viewsBe the @BBC not the #BrexitBroadcastingCorporation pic.twitter.com/8guXsyPuPO 
Brexiteers swaggeringly assured in the face of unambiguous evidence that Trump was about to embrace Britain and march hand-in-hand into a post-Brexit world of free trade prosperityNow they’re learning America First means ... America First 
.@patel4witham: "In post-Brexit, global Britain we want an immigration that helps us attract the brightest and the best from across the world."  
Wow! Senior Tory MPs accused of accepting money from former Soviet statesJournalist uses parliamentary privilege to name Liam Fox and John Whittingdale at Russian corruption hearing#StopBrexit #Brexit #ABTV #VoteEU 
Long story short, FB has put profit before everything else, they're the conduit for fake news, Cummings was happy to boast they paid for 1.5 billion impressions, bombarding people with fake news ads like this.....playing on peoples fears to persuade them to vote to leave the EU. pic.twitter.com/Jb91Ajo1Z7 
The party of "Small Government" has had to already create 2.5 thousand civil service posts to cope with the Brexit farce. 
USA and UK near all out war with RussiaBrexit destorying the economyScotland powers being stripped by UK GovCambridge Analytica Fascism in SpainScotland, lets take charge of our own destiny. We dont need to be part of this#Referendum2018 
Encouraging to see that the head of Germany's national bank has said that London will remain the financial capital of Europe after Brexit.  
Rupert you do realise that "Project Fear" was a Leave diversion tactic deployed to avoid any engagement with the actual facts surrounding Brexit. So much of *project fear* has come true that it's not even funny.  
Agree with this. No one is challenging the Governments position on #Brexit not the tabloid press, the Labour Party or the BBC. The public is being sleep walked to a disaster #Brexit #BrexitBroadcastingCorporation 
British business tells May it wants EU rules after Brexit.Brexit bureaucracy will hold back business and put jobs at risk.MPs need to give the public a #FinalSay to #StopBrexit. 
A very good thread on 'Brexit: what happens next?' from one of the best commentators around.  
Brexit stops Britain from being Great Britain, says @LaylaMoran MP.The "land of milk and honey Brexiteers promised" has quickly turned out to be an illusion.It’s clear Brexiters stole the referendum with lies. Give the public a #FinalSay to #StopBrexit 
Europhile Ofcom Boss Sacked For Criticising Brexit Wins Huge Pay-Off  
When we vote in a General Election the Government changes the next day.When we voted in the Brexit Referendum it was 4.5 years before we stop existing within EU rules.After 4.5 years the country would have another GE, why is it taboo to suggest another referendum? 
The response of government & Parliament to the high possibility of fraud & crime in the EU referendum? To close eyes & block ears & hope it will go away. Remember the empty seats in the Commons on the day of the emergency debate on the matter? The referendum is void. 
If you vote for chaos you get chaos. It's not hard. Chaos does not make nations happier, or you safer, or anything better or any of us wealthier. And if you voted Trump or for UKIP MEPs or Brexit this chaos was of your making. Take ownership of it. I'm off for a crumpet. 
Sums up #Brexit perfectly ... c @SKZCartoons 
Closing line (ctrl-C for use in almost any article on Brexit): "We’re in a mad dash backwards into oblivion".  via @politics_co_uk 
Post-Brexit me  
Trump is a moron was always a moron and will ever be a moron.... oh and Brexit is fucking stupid. If you voted for either you are not necessarily those things yourself but a prolonged period of reflection might be worthwhile. 
Intrigued by this @YouGov finding: Men are twice as likely as women to say they're sure they know what a customs union is.Are men nerdier about Brexit, or just more inclined to bluff?  
Listen up  @jeremycorbyn @Keir_Starmer @HackneyAbbott @emilythornberry supporting brexit in any form betrays @uklabour values, your members’ and voters’ wishes and the 75% of young people who voted to stay in the EU. On demographics alone you are so very wrong. #ExitFromBrexit 
Brexit will not threaten the Good Friday Agreement. This is yet another piece of Project Fear propagated by disgruntled Remoaners. 
Now we learn that meddling billionaire George Soros has coughed up another £400,000 to the group Best For Britain dedicated to stopping Brexit. That makes £800,000 to scupper the democratic vote of the nation. Aim, you guessed, another referendum on any deal. Vested interests? 
Summary:1. Rehash Our Project Fear.2. Moan about the LYING bus.3. Warn of WWIII.4. Claim Putin influenced the result.5. Tell Leavers they're thick.6. And uneducated.7. And racist.8. No 'Leave' option on ballot paper.9. Demand Our Third Referendum.10. That's all, folks!  
My hope for post-Brexit Britain is that we will make a statement about the kind of country we hope to be by prioritising the needs of a people whose sufferings are - shamefully - matched by the lack of international support for them in their time of need  
The Good Friday Agreement has nothing to fear from Brexit, says @DCBMEP 
Where are these post #Brexit trade deals? I tell the @bbcasiannetwork about my experience with the @Conservatives & that countries such as India have already slammed the door on our face - until we deal with our immigration policy with them we cannot expect any trade deal. 
Cllr Rozenberg should leave the Conservative Party if he thinks these sensible thoughts. Otherwise Remain voters in his very Remain area will have to vote for an expressly antI-Brexit PARTY to register their protest against Brexit. #ABTV 
Brexit gives our country a unique chance to return control of our borders & have an immigration system that genuinely fulfils the needs of our nation  
I'm a huge Trump fan.But if there must be military action against dictators, can US please invade the UK, help us retake Londinistan, overthrow May regime ignoring will of the people (Brexit), and subjecting innocent British children to mass rape by muslims?@KTHopkins 
Really interesting video from Lord Adonis: a holistic approach to stopping Brexit is needed - one that listens to what communities really want from the future. Great to see @OFOCBrexit also on the tour. 
Can the UK become “a global leader” in free trade post Brexit?  
Donald Tusk says he believes Brexit is the 'saddest moment in recent European history', suggesting he hasn’t heard the UK’s Eurovision entry. 
I want to keep my EU citizenship. I want to keep my Freedom of Movement. I want to keep membership of Euratom, Erasmus, ESA, Galileo and all the other advantages of the EU, so you can stick your soft Brexit.  
Whisper it but it’s almost as if Brexit is a pointless waste of energy only popular with the far right and the far left for ideological reasons that will hurt the poor and vulnerable. 
Myself, the wife and my son held a democratic referendum on what colour to paint the boy's room. When we got the paint home and opened the tin, we decided we didn't like the colour after all, and chose to stick with the old colour.You see how that works? 
Reminder: One of Theresa May's big #LeaveLies: Such lies have utterly perverted #Brexit as a democratic process. Brexit should be cancelled and the liars jailed for undermining our democracy.#JailTheLeaveLiars#StopBrexit #ABTV 
After meetings in The Hague, I am struck that most Dutch policy-makers are quite closely aligned with FRA/GER on Brexit   - and frustrated that UK isn’t producing proposals of its own. @CER_EU 
Public Service Announcement: Do you really trust this lot to negotiate a better deal than what we’ve already got? Us neither. That’s why young people across UK are campaigning for a people’s vote on Brexit Deal. Join us! #FFS 
In short. The deep + comp deal that May (sensibly) seeks risks the UK ending up as a very substantial rule-taker. This will not be easy for an economy of UK's size and stature to stomach, to put it mildly.And the political demons fueled Brexit will not be slain. /ENDS 
We're part of the LARGEST EVER National Day of Action taking place across the country on April 14th, demanding a people's vote on #Brexit. Join us in Market Square Cambridge at 11 am!  #FBPE 
#52brexitfacts . The National Audit Office says 2,409 new civil service jobs have already had to be created due to #Brexit.  
Just thinking about how many pieces the Sunday papers will have concerning the legalities of referendum fundraising, prompted of course by pro-choice donations. Those posters/billboards/beermats that manifested out of thin air? Nothing to write about there. 
Revealed: Globalist Pig George #SOROS  Pumps a Total of £800,000 into Anti-Brexit Campaign!              #fo2eu 
The transformation continues; from "there will be no bad news to come from Brexit," to "There will only be bad news if you don't all get behind Brexit," and now, finally, "You will look bad when if you talk about the bad news from Brexit"...  
THREE days left. Saturday 14 April: Who Is The Working Class Hero? Join Phil Davis and @faizashaheen to talk working class culture in the age of austerity, Brexit & Grenfell, with @DrDaveOBrien @misschazmatazz @SamFriedmanSocTickets £5/£3 for under 25s: 
"Here in Brussels, nothing is more important as an outcome for the Brexit deal than the guarantee that it does nothing to threaten peace in our continent, in Ireland or elsewhere" says @MollyMEP  #Peace 
EU and India revive trade deal talksBrexit removes hurdles from UK about India to drop its sky-high tariffs on Scotch whisky and a more liberal visa regime, one of India’s priorities that UK opposed fiercely 
This thread is good. I’m going to be a camouflaged Customs Union border. I am currently here but invisible. After Brexit I am going to here, visible but hidden in a way that acknowledges I should never have been visible in the first place.  
Business - directly and through groups like @The_IoD @CBItweets @techUK are also starting to pile in with data that makes case for high-alignment Brexit and challenges central Brexiteer trade narrative. For EG see today's CBI report. /10  
“The UK has until the end of 2020 to change its mind about leaving Europe's single market.” #MichelBarnier, chief  #Brexit negotiator-#EU. #Barnier#SingleMarket 
More Remain lies exposed. Where's that deep recession you promised us?Brexit BONANZA! HSBC survey says UK business will 'OUTPACE EU' for fastest growth in years  
It´s not every day that you get to wish the Brexit Coordinator for @Europarl_EN, @guyverhofstadt ,  Happy Birthday! @Suewilson91 Thank you @albawhitewolf 
The choice for the UK has never been clearer: @theresa_may and the @Conservatives who are securing a good deal for Britain from Brexit....Or @UKLabour who have now admited their entire policy is b******* - we can agree on that Barry Gardiner#Brexit  
Savita's father has called for a 'YES' vote in #repealthe8th referendum. Time to give all women the choice #savita never had. #repeal #TogetherForYes 
I don't think falling off the cliff metaphors are right for #Brexit. Only a no-deal would do that. The more likely scenario is boiling frog. A decade or more of mediocre economic growth, crumbling #NHS and government services, and finally people will realise... #StopBrexit #ABTV 
Alyn Smith on how the battle to stop Brexit in its tracks is taking shape 
The opposition in the Commons plus around 15 Tory defectors have a majority. So there is a good chance #Brexit can be stopped, but only if the Labour leadership want to stop it. Labour leaders won't listen to Remainers' words, but they will listen to our votes. #StopBrexit #ABTV 
The health community is coming together to ask the House of Lords to protect the public’s health as we leave the #EU by voting for the #DoNoHarm amendment at Report Stage of the #EUWithdrawalBill #publichealth #brexit Show your support by RT-ing   
On the face of it, Global Thermonuclear War seems a rather extreme way of stopping Brexit, but if it works, then I’m up for it. 
Airbus warns it will 'grind to a halt' if UK government goes ahead with hard Brexit  
So. #Brexit has slipped out of the headlines - but like two prizefighters, both sides are setting themselves for the fight to come. Some of the battles are EU v EU, some UK v UK. So what's going on? Here's a quick overview from what I know. 1/thread 
#NORWAY Defies EU and Backs Tariff-Free Trade with UK After Brexit:  ANOTHER nail in the EU Coffin!        #fo2eu 
Hillary Clinton has warned the British government that the hand of history will be "heavy and unforgiving" if the Brexit process results in a hard border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland. #Hillary #Brexit #GoodFridayAgreement 
"You might want to check your facts about politics in Ireland' - a journalist challenges UK Brexit secretary @DavidDavisMP about claims the Irish Government’s stance on #Brexit is influenced by @sinnfeinireland at a @McChrystalGroup event in @thetimes offices in London this week 
Decisions made in Scotland by the people of Scotland are better decisions for Scotland. I believe there should be a referendum on Scottish independence within the next 18 months. Please Retweet if you agree. 
Big Ben silent as the red hot chili of truth is shoved up the rectum of Brexit bluster. Also silent is our putative leader, Mr Rees Mogg. Where is the Somerset snake: is this shedding season for the Legatum lancehead? Too dark for me, I console myself with turnip wine and toffee. 
Catalans in Dublin have come together to defend Catalonia's Referendum of 01/10/17, Catalonia as a Republic, & condemn political persecution in Spain. We believe in democracy, human rights (including the right to self-determination) & non-violent resistance. Visca Catalunya!  
Fascinating hearing at Brussels on the importance of the Good Friday Agreement, ongoing issues on delivery and the risks from potential brexit.  
"EU want to make UK sign guarantee it won’t slash environmental regulations after #Brexit" We should tell EU to take a running jumpOnce we have our freedom back WE will decide what regulations we wantWe are not going to be dictated to by the EU any more 
With all the #Brexit uncertainty around the anniversary of The Good Friday Agreement here's my essay on the #NorthernIreland border, borders in #Belfast & the borders that exist in our minds. Written for @WritersCentre #GFA20 
Hey @DExEUgov your problems are over, it does exist after all and only costs £1.99 at Smiths! #Brexit #sunlituplands 
I sense a real groundswell of anger against the BBC because for too long, in terms of Brexit, its journalists have been asking members of the Government questions that are emollient, not the questions that ordinary taxpayers are now demanding to have answered. 
Yes, there are pro-EU councillors in the Labour and Tory parties. But their own parties do not listen to them. We tried to differentiate between such candidates at the GE, but both parties took our votes as support for Brexit. The only way they'll listen is if they lose votes. 
You can listen to the recording here - Labour's "exact same benefits Brexit test is "bollocks"’ on #SoundCloud #np 
Barnier demands Britain stays shackled by Brussels red tape after Brexit  
Norbert Röttgen Chair of the Foreign Affair Committee in the German Parliament -  The British Government has "no clue" on how to manage the "illogical impossibility"of #Brexit. #FBPE #StopBrexit 
It is the things you do not report which are most unacceptable and sinister. There were over 12 big anti-Brexit events between March 24-26th. Thousands of people. Not mentioned on @BBCnews Farage throws a few fish ito the river grinning like an idiot and you are all over it. 
Instead, we read about Harper getting used to a "steep learning curve" as he discovers fascist dictators, while Scheer whimsicly spreads long-ago debunked propaganda about Brexit and EU rules for "the curvature of bananas."Cute, huh? They can both get bent. 
Woman investigated for hate speech after hanging banner reading 'police go home' in response to Oct 1 referendum day violence. Find out what she has to say   . 
#FBPE #ABTV This is an excellent, must-read blog about the practical effects of Brexit on a small but successful British business.In short, Brexit wil kill it. And this blog explains why. 
We will have an information stall in #macroom  every Saturday between now and May 25th for anyone who is looking for more information about the upcoming referendum! #together4yes#8thref @CorkTogether4Y  
For years, the Tory right have lied to you about the EU - using newspapers & mediat to perpetuate the lies & blame their mistakes on the EU. Find out what these lies will do to our country! Then #stopbrexit & we'll be able to afford more police. ABTV don't vote #brexit in #LE2018 
"If Britain decided to change its red lines, then we'd also change our positions," Michel Barnier says  
Best for Britain champion @LaylaMoran writes: "There is a future brighter than Brexit. Now more than ever we need a People’s Vote." READ HERE >>>  
I really like @jeremycorbyn and his policies BUT I am a Remainer. For me, the country comes first. Brexit will destroy the UK. I cannot vote for a party that supports Brexit. Sadly that means I cannot vote Labour at the moment. My vote will go to a Remain party. #ABTV 
I’ll tell you why it matters.Flat Eartherism is the apotheosis of the entitled, lazy, post-fact My Theory Is As Valid As Yours Even If You Spent A Lifetime Studying It And I Just Pulled Something Out Of My Ass BS which gave us anti-vax, climate denial, Trump, Brexit, Infowars...  
UK businesses overwhelmingly want to stick to EU rules after Brexit, according to the most detailed sector-by-sector analysis of what companies need the UK to fight for in negotiations.#CBI finds business doesn't want bonfire of regulations 
Peter Crosskey (former ed, The Grocer) on #Brexit. "The food industry is in no position to deal with this. It has spent the last two decades establishing a just-in-time procurement system which relies on minimal bureaucracy and little use of storage." 
I’m not going to be blackmailed into voting @UKLabour as the least bad option! I will vote for a party whose Brexit policy I agree with. #ABTV 
The biggest deficit in the UK right now is the deficit of understanding of Leave supporters of the consequences of #Brexit 
But Brexit cuts you off. It cuts you off from EU-funding, it cuts you off from EU collaborations. And for once this willbe structural. Now EU research institutions will ask not for "first language"-speakers. Barring the Irish of course, they should really make something of this!! 
So if SCL/#CambridgeAnalytica worked on Putin's election, and then #Brexit and #Trump, that might explain why the Russian bots amped the same topics and misinformation in the UK and US, and - as Zuckerberg suggested yesterday - with the same microtargeting on @facebook 
Be aware that the preparatory work for this British Nationalist 'One Nation' project is under way NOW! ()The proposal to postpone our new independence referendum is reckless in the extreme. #Referendum2018 
Brexit: Cost of 'bonfire' of EU rules 'vastly outweighs' benefits, says CBI  
I stood up for Tooting when I voted against triggering Article 50. During the EU Referendum, nobody voted to be worse off. Let me be clear, I will not vote for a deal that makes Britain worse off, that makes Tooting worse off.  
When do you want to see The Independence Referendum?Please vote and share. 
As a Labour Remainer I will join George, a Conservative Remainer, in voting Lib Dem’s. Both Conservative and Labour are Leave parties. Brexit will destroy the UK. I will not vote to destroy the UK. Please vote for a Remain party in the local elections. 
Let me see; Iraq was a lie. Libya was a lie. The global financial collapse, the blame for it, and the need for austerity were lies. Brexit was based on lies. The negative impact of immigration is lies. The deterioration of the NHS is based on lies. Every major call is a lie. 
We are sad & furious about Brexit.And it is being channelled into the #StopBrexit campaign.Many of us who have never been involved in politics have become full-time political activists because this is the fight for our lives.@Suewilson91 @eucopresident 
I’m sure no Brexiters were taken in by the Brexit propaganda. It didn’t influence them at all. Definitely not.  
We could have spent #100bnmoreonNHS if hadn't wasted it on Brexit. In other words, NHS's budget could have been increased by 80 PERCENT in the last year. Can you imagine the 10,000s of doctors, nurses, midwives, oncology drugs, beds, mental health that would have bought? 
I hope the Brexit museum will prominently display the racist posters it used to win the EU ref. @AdamBoultonSKY 
COVERAGE: Fury as Sarah Vine, wife of Brexit hero Michael Gove, gives her shoe size as a EUROPEAN measurement of 42 rather than a patriotic British 7 1/2.  
"A mad dash backwards into oblivion": The punishing reality of rules-of-origin after Brexit  
My sister & I have both chosen to speak out about why we're pro-choice in recent YouTube videos and to encourage people to vote in the upcoming referendum. I wish more prominent Irish women would do this. It's so bloody important. If you have a voice, please use it!#repealth8th 
It looks like the "Brexit dividend" is something mainly to be enjoyed by the EU27 as jobs and investment flood out of the UK into the rest of Europe. #FBPE #StopBrexit 
I'm off to Oldham, Tameside & Salford today as part of my Brexit listening tour. Here's Barking a fortnight ago. 
What Davis is really saying is: "I know we promised we could solve the NI border problem but we can't. So instead of admitting we screwed up, in true Brexit style, we'll blame everyone but ourselves. Expect lots more of these lies from us." #FinalSay 
...and just why did Rupert Murdoch back Brexit I hear you ask?  
Revealed: George Soros Pumps a Total of £800,000 into Anti-Brexit Campaign  
What's the betting that the Brexit museum will be:Incredibly expensive.Filled with lies.Have no exits (coz the "Will of the People" says you can't change your mind once you get inside it).#FBPE #FinalSay 
I am uneasy about knocking the BBC but the @BBCr4today from Berlin this morning was literally a series of leading questions desperate to get word that Brexit would work. Disappointing journalism from @bbcnickrobinson 
EU citizens! Top European Tony Blair has once again shown us the way forward. You do need a vote in Parliament and another referendum on #Brexit. However, you can bomb Syria to your heart's content on a whim. Once again he is our moral compass in dark times. #IAmEuropean 
I’m seeing Labour supporters saying that Labour is anti-Brexit, but is conforming to the ‘will of the people’. That’s functionally equivalent to being pro-Brexit. No votes for you. #ABTV 
I certainly have no problem accepting @bbcnickrobinson's assurances that @bbcr4today reports on Brexit without fear or favour  
Excellent interview with @louiseckenny on #PKNT now. Its a relief to hear someone calm and articulate talking about the facts of #repealthe8th in a referendum where there is much emotional manipulation going on. #Together4Yes 
“Brexit is one of the saddest moments in twenty first-century European history”- @eucopresident @donaldtusk Millions of Britains would agree. Brexit is a national tragedy.It’s why, now the facts are clear, we need a #FinalSayForAll to #StopBrexit. 
Norwegian seafood chief joins cluster call for seamless trade post Brexit on visit to @GyFishMarket  #Grimsby #Brexit  
As we move into the next stage of the Brexit negotiations, the Labour Party must understand that Brexit is not a disaster for the British left 
"I believe Brexit is one of the saddest moments in 21st-century European history. In fact, sometimes I am even furious about it," says Tusk  
 fantastic work @Suewilson91 @BremainInSpain - we will never accept Brexit either. Let’s #stopbrexit and #RebuildBritain#ResisterSisters 
Tragically Brexit is the most successful far right project the UK has ever seen. As yet unopposed  by @UKLabour and many civil liberties groups. Have I missed the memo that explains how this all ends well? #StopBrexit #ABTV @Lawyers4EU 
Must read opinion piece in the @FT by @Airbus CEO Tom Enders on how persistent Brexit uncertainty is affecting the aviation industry.  
Brexitons voted for Brexit because a neverending stream of negative (and largely false) messages about immigration triggered the limbic systems of their brains, overriding the cerebral cortex, the seat of reason, and rendering them vulnerable to simplistic, vacuous slogans. /1 
The most measured article yet to come out of the mess we're being dragged thru #savetheou "If Britain is to succeed after Brexit it needs a flexible, highly educated workforce that can adapt and change and the OU is part of that solution" by @aliceTTimes 
"Amnesty International has warned that the government is selling off the human rights of British citizens in return for post-#Brexit trade deals." 
Huge public opposition to military action in Syria.Mrs May wants war.Large majority in favour of Brexit.Mrs May wants to stay in the EU.Massive public opposition to further immigration.Mrs May want to keep borders open.Just who does she represent?I used to think it was me. 
Every day, new stories emerge to shatter the paper-thin promises pencilled in by Leave. This lunchtime #longread by director of Commonwealth Institute @philipvmurphy heaps appropriate fact-based scorn on the Commonwealth-as-Brexit-saviour nonsense.    
Much (not all) BBC political coverage of Brexit is weak, not biased.  
Airbus CEO warns Britain over #Brexit uncertainty“We must have more clarity on the UK’s long-term relationships, not just for the next 20 months,” CEO Tom Enders said“Britain must recognize that future investments are not a given”#StopBrexit #FBPE 
The EU Commission hate Murdoch for backing Brexit.  
Worth reading this striking thread from a Conservative councillor who explains why he will continue to fight Brexit, via @GuitarMoog. If only more MPs had his guts - to stand strongly & publicly against what they know to be a disaster. 
At the start of every conf call with sister offices in Germany, France and Switzerland there's always a little giggle from colleagues about #Brexit. We used to be respected for our fairness and common sense. We're a laughing stock and it makes me sad to admit it. @ThatTimWalker 
Brexit is 'one of the saddest moments' in recent European history, president of European Council says  
READ: British businesses overwhelmingly want to stick to European rules after Brexit  
I've clearly touched a nerve. The only bit I heard was you saying that in Berlin nobody cared about Brexit - that it isn't high up their agenda. I Tweeted that very sentiment when I visited some months ago. Your show backs a policy that is rendering the UK irrelevant.  
Donald Tusk - I don’t like Brexit....actually, that’s an understatement... huge round of applause. I believe #Brexit is one of the saddest moments in 21st century EU history, in fact sometimes I am even furious about Brexit. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
It’s a tough job but somebody has to do it. ...I’ve been to BMW’s bike factory in Berlin (if you want to hear about bikes & Brexit listen again on Best of Today podcast)  
Good luck with that: this will be where @BBCr4today’s hysterical Brexit cheerleading meets hard reality.  
At last, some serious on-the-ground BBC Today reporting on Brexit, by Nick Robinson in Berlin: German companies queuing up to list the heavy costs Brexit will impose on business and `on Britain. As Robinson says, this is "the reality", as opposed to Brexiteers' fantasies. 
Dear Nick @bbcnickrobinson @BBCr4today you just used the phrase"now post-Brexit". May I remind you that we have had an ADVISORY referendum and Parliament has signaled our INTENTION to leave the EU but we are NOT post-Brexit much as you and the BBC seem to wish we were #BBCr4Today 
An incredibly lugubrious #r4today package from Nick Robinson on the continent European business fears over Brexit. Difference in tone from standard Today Brexit fare really striking. 
Cheer up Tim. I’ll let the top regulator at the Bundesbank, the chair of the Bundestag foreign affairs committee and BMW’s Brexit negotiator know that you think they’re not important. 
Good that EU doesn't want us to slash environmental rules post Brexit. But we'll have lost our role as a key rule-maker on green issues. Dear Brexiters, can you remind us what's the point of Brexit?   
Savita Halappanavar’s father urges Yes vote in abortion referendum #together4yes 
Brexit branding has also reached Germany.  
.@BorisJohnson keeps claiming there will be a #Brexit dividend, the IFS, OBR and Treasury all say there won’t be one, @theresa_may refuses to back this. Yet more lies and misleading statements from the #Brexiters. 
Novochok story seems to be a bust, policing/fire/NHS/social services in permanent crisis, trade deals post BREXIT are a nightmare, Boris cant keep his lying thuggish gob shut, May is becoming more and more wooden, Tory party membership dropping like a stone...#changeiscoming 
Well at least someone said it...@BarryGardiner #Brexit #LabourFail 
You won't hear this on @BBC Brexit Broadcasting Corporation determined to keep anti Brexit comments from the public. #stopbrexit 
Brexit: 'one of the saddest moments' in recent European history.Donald Tusk said thinking about Brexit sometimes made him 'furious'.It makes me furious that opportunistic politicians lied to the people, and sad that 17m of my compatriots fell for it. 
When Labour says one thing to Leave voters and the opposite to Remainers, better to judge it by its actions than by its words.Owen was sacked and Gardiner was not. Therefore, Labour is a BREXIT party.Lend your vote to a pro-EU party on May 3rd. #ABTV. Vote TACTICAL. 
Report on private discussion with @jeremycorbyn If Labour intends to shift to opposing Brexit it is going to have to do so now, before the election. Otherwise vote LibDem, Green and independent pro EU.#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
It's surprising how many people think we had a referendum to join the Common Market. We didn't, Heath took us in without asking in 1973, then had a referendum in 1975 about whether to stay in. 
A rather striking image of the UK's position on Brexit.  
An interesting thoughtful thread about Brexit from a Conservative.  
18 of 23 of Britain's business sectors would be better off keeping EU rules after Brexit, CBI says  
Seriously hacked off by Corbynistas trying to guilt trip me about not voting Labour. If Labour wants my vote it has to earn it, that means fighting Brexit.Their choice, not mine. 
One of Europe's most senior bankers has warned the City of London that it needs to be ready for a "cliff edge" exit from the European Union next year. Andreas Dombret, director of the German central bank, the @bundesbank, spoke to @bbcnickrobinson in Berlin #r4today #Brexit  
Germany could be a major “winner” from Brexit, a new study has found, while European countries are “candid” that Brexit presents an opportunity to poach the best researchers from the UK 
#Brexit is not death! Death is inevitable for us all. This is a premeditated political coup, brought about by dishonest manipulation. And you don't have to go to Germany to find grief & anger over this insanity. How about talking to the British for once? @bbcr4today #bbcr4today 
Brexit is 'one of the saddest moments' in recent European history, president of European Council says  
Granite Brexit needed.  
.@BBCNews @BBCWorld @BBCBreaking I don’t know whether you are reporting proper news about your country these days but here’s some help from a more balanced sourcePublic backs fresh referendum to have 'final say' on terms of Brexit deal, new poll finds  
Savita Halappanavar’s father urges Yes vote in abortion referendum (via @IrishTimes) 
@eucopresident is a decent man &many of us Remainers are also angry about Brexit particularly as it will be achieved by a huge con to the UK electorate based on lies, false promises & nostalgic fantasies about the future role of Anglosphere & Commonwealth. No good will come of it  
I am one of many Irish people worldwide who has no voice in the upcoming referendum. I’ve done 3 things this morning which have made me more determined than ever to do what I can to support @Together4yes from a distance. (Thread...) #repealthe8th #Togetherforyes #together4yes 
#together4yes #repealthe8th Excellent day for campaign yesterday, let's keep this up and win this crucial referendum, together. Its the most important vote I've ever had #trustoursisters 
Only a troll or a politician obsessed with fish would not have a problem with this. Personally stories like this make me all the more determined to see Brexit is stopped. What say you @UKLabour? Is it the will if the people to destroy our aviation and space industries? 
Me: When Brexit is cancelled!  
Since the Brexit, there have been 4,000 passport enquiries a day from U.K. citizens of Irish descent applying for Irish passports. 
Lee Rotherham on why he's building a Brexit Museum - @DrBrexit 
Savita Halappanavar’s father encourages us to remember Savita and urges a Yes vote in the referendum. Important piece by @KittyHollandIT today. #TogetherForYes 
Public backs fresh referendum to have 'final say' on terms of Brexit deal  
Donald Tusk has described Brexit as “one of the saddest moments in 21st-century European history”  
Brexit makes no sense.The Aerospace industry in the UK relies heavily on smooth EU supply chains & extra cost from stockpiling will price the UK out of the market.How many warnings does this government need?#StopBrexit #ABTV18 #ABTV 
BBC News - How Cambridge Analytica got my private Facebook data . This is how the Referendum was swung in favour of Brexit. The silence about this is a national disgrace. Stop Brexit. #FBPE 
Am very concerned @DavidJonesMP about threat to jobs at British Aerospace Broughton if Brexit happens. They are a huge employer in the area & comprimised EU supply chains would lead to stockpiling & price UK out of market@DenbighshireFP @dailypostwales 
Tracey Emin on Brexit: “I am deeply, deeply concerned about Europe, and that in a year’s time we’re going to be a tiny little island just floating around in the North Sea. It’s madness.”  
Don’t be overconfident with social media responses. That’s how Hillary Clinton lose to Donald Trump and that’s how Brexit happens.The only responds that counts is YOUR VOTE.Kalau dont have transport, checkout #CarPoolGE14 at twitter - people will share their car ride with U 
Reflection on the mounting tsunami of Brexit negatives & mounting opposition to Brexit tells us that BREXIT CAN BE STOPPED. Keep fighting. In the May council elections ABTV Anti-Brexit Tactical Voting: vote onky for anti-Brexit parties - give Tories & Labour a big wake up call. 
As it happens, I favour an elected second chamber. But a striking aspect of Brexit mania is the constant attack on members of the Lords for expressing opposition to Brexit - by the very people who say its purpose is to ‘restore the sovereignty of Parliament’ 
So, just to recap....End of peace in N. Ireland ?Slowdown in growthNo real trade dealsMassive exit billExodus of EU doctors and nursesTaking away rights from young peopleBecoming un-cool GBOh and chlorinated chicken probably.....How's this Brexit thing working for you ? 
#Remain supporters have been warning #Brexit will lead to a loss of Rights for over a year but not once has the media exposed it. A crucial Right we lose is that of taking our Govt to the ECJ if it removes Rights! And Corbyn & Labour back the #BrexitShambles. #FairVote #ABTV. 
#FBPESo just to recap:》There are zero benefits to Brexit.》The cost of Brexit will be enormous.》 Brexit threatens peace in Northern Ireland.》There is no longer a majority for Brexit.》The Leave campaign was built entirely on lies.Yet we're still going ahead with it?  
Danish prime minister tells Theresa May Brexit will cause more bureaucracy and has a 'price tag'  
#Spain will not take disciplinary action against a single policeman for #1Oct referendum brutality in #Catalonia. That's quite a political statement, isn't it?1/2 
British business wants to keep EU rules after Brexit  
Renovation update: Hermitage HS, Chester E. Fritz Stadium. As part of the voter-approved 2016 bond referendum, all high school stadium fields will be upgraded to artificial turf (new tracks, too!) over next three years. Hermitage, Freeman, Varina ready by fall 2018. @HenricoNews 
One of the primary motivations for Murdoch's long, hysterical pro-#Brexit campaign in his UK media was to avoid a day like this, and being held to account in this way. It's a beautiful thing.  
The way NOBODY talks about how #CambridgeAnalytica were a driving force behind the #Brexit campaign & sells it as just #American news is a #SCANDAL. Friends in the #USA pls RT this to help the #British electorate bypass censorship! #FBPE #Zuckerberg #Facebook #StopBrexit #FBPE 
@EvanHD #Newsnight sharing a platform with Racist party Britain First on £850,000 salary paid via the funds raised by the Tv licence fee which funds #Tory Party #Propaganda and pro #brexit propaganda. The same funds which keeps labour winning the last general election #bbcbias 
Here is Starmer's revised list of *6 impossible things to believe before Brexit*1. Johnson is Foreign Sec2. Trump is US president3. Brexit will bring benefits4. Sovereignty is meaningful5. May once made a truthful statement in public6. Jeremy Corbyn knows what he's doing 
Savita Halappanavar’s father urges Yes vote in abortion referendum  
Savita Halappanavar’s father urges Yes vote in abortion referendum  (is happy for her image to be used by those on prorepeal side )  thanks @KittyHollandIT 
Will you leavers get the message? The whole reason Rupert Murdoch & these twisted old rich men have bought the @Conservatives to deliver Brexit is to stop the EU scrutinising their dodgy behaviour. You were hoodwinked. Your votes were bought. #stopbrexit 
Brexit: 'Bonfire of rules' mean more costs than benefits, CBI says  
The obvious reply to the #Brexit vote would have been to debate how to get more workers into politics, which institutions to move out of London & how to reform immigration. But all we've talked about is what London wants .. what the City wants .. what financial services want 
There has to be an investigation into whether our democracy has been subverted, if proven, those guilty must face full force of the law.Before any further major election or referendums of national importance occur again. via @brexit_sham 
Does any Brexiteer have a detailed, credible resolution to the problem of the Northern Ireland border? I’ve never seen one. Brexit serves irreparable harm to the Good Friday Agreement, an international peace treaty that ended decades of violence. 
Ask yourself: is Britain better respected around the world than it was before the referendum? Are we able to project power, to promote our values, to work with allies, than we were before Brexit? To me, sadly, the answer is no. And Brexit is entirely to blame. 
A few additional thoughts now follow, on why I’m still fighting Brexit… 
“We need to stop throwing money at Brexit and concentrate on what matters to local people.” Tom Bailey -  @RenewTyne2018 Agree? Vote RENEW at local elections in;  ChiswickEalingGreenwichSouth Monkseaton Tynemouth Tower Hamlets  WandsworthRegister today! 
Trimble: “Rubbish” that Brexit will undermine Good Friday Agreement  
When science and Brexit collide.  
Supervised vs. Unsupervised Learning: Exploring Brexit with PLS and PCA  #rstats #DataScience 
This epitomises why we must sweep away Leave politicos. These insulated toffs, think this a game. Brexit wipes out jobs, increases people’s weekly shop. Brexit is breaking up lives, risks the  #GoodFridayAgreement. Your sneering sickens us Hannan. 
In Spain there are 9 Catalan political prisoners for having organized a referendum. If Orban puts in jail 9 people from opposition and civil society for organizing a referendum, will you remain silent too?These kind of double standards are damaging the EU as much as populism.  
I had the misfortune to overhear #bbcnews today where a TV Licence funded advert for Brexit is running on a loop along the lines of 'there's no escaping it'. The most blatent, chilling propaganda I can recall. 1/ Brexit is NOT inevitable 2/ It's up to US, not the BBC. #FinalSay 
Jezus,  Theresa May thinking of going to war. She took more than 18 months to NOT articulate what Brexit is. It will be 'a red, white and blue attack',  'war means war, though it isn't really war' and 'a strong and stable regime change'. #Newsnight 
Re @donaldtusk being "furious" about Brexit - He was there when Cameron asked the EU27 for meaningful concessions & reforms and got none. Unless he's furious with himself and his own side, the emotion is entirely misplaced. 
Small & Medium Enterprises are so important for this country’s economy, brexit is stifling their growth & a significant majority of a pretty large sample want to #stopbrexit - @Conservatives aren’t you supposed to be the party of business?  U-turn perhaps? 
Norway Defies EU and Backs Tariff-Free Trade with UK After Brexit  
The Westminster Govt are discussing whether to bomb a sovereign state over 2000 miles away and bring the world to the verge of nuclear war on nothing more than hearsay but in Scotland we have to beg permission to hold a referendum on our own future. Are Scots stupid ? #IndyRef2 
Murdoch reportedly said ‘when I go to Downing Street they do what I say; when I go to Brussels they take no notice’.  EU only people with balls to stand up to him. Let’s tell him where to go in a 2nd referendum;  
No UK based Regulator would have dared to do this.Another reason to stop Brexit. 
The media are very good at asking where #Zuckerberg and Facebook went wrong.But fail to ask what is to happen about the elections that have been skewed by consequences of data theft.This includes the UK's EU referendum.This matters.  #bbcnewsten 
Fisheries are 'CRITICAL' to the UK's Brexit deal with EU, warns European Commissioner. UK water, UK Fish, UK Gun Boats, YES!  
Theresa May is the worst, weakest & most pathetic PM since Neville Chamberlain. Her Brexit deal is a setup that effectively overrules the Brexit vote. Bit by bit she has surrendered on everything & tried to strip away every advantage Brexit gives us. MAY MUST GO  
Really?! This is incredibly stable-geniusly-brilliant, supercalifragilisticexpialidoscious !!!! Bravo, EU!!!  Bravo, EC!!! Get that huge and greedy old Brexit rat! 
"Market dominance""price-fixing cartel" "European Commission" Weird how keen @sun was on Brexit  
#StopBrexit #Wonderwoman #EUsupergirl #EuropeanParliament  I Will Not STOP until, #Brexit stops!!!  
Sinn Fein exercises absolutely no influence over the Irish Government. David Davis is clearly mistaken here. #Brexit  
Tories are using Brexit to get rid of human rights, warns Amnesty | The National  
Massive amounts of deflection from David Davis.Sinn Féin didn’t cause the Irish Border / Brexit stalemate. The government’s piss-poor Brexit negotiations caused the stalemate. He also conveniently forgets that the Tories bow to the DUP over Brexit.  
Lots of detailed analysis from the ever-worth-reading @hayward_katy on what Brexit means for the GFA on its 20th anniversary: 
Brexit Means Losing Sovereignty... Britain Stops Being A Rule Maker and Becomes A Rule Taker. 
Wife of former taoiseach John Bruton advocates No vote in referendum  
Brexit has cast uneasy pall so it is heartening to be reminded of what the Good Friday Agreement accomplished, 20 yrs later: “my children can now enjoy their lives without the knowledge or the threat of paramilitary violence.”  
Remembering Mo Mowlam today, on the #GFA20 anniversary.Let nobody be in any doubt, it was Labour that signed the GFA and it is Labour who will protect peace in NI during Brexit.All you have to do is get Labour into government.Over to you.  
Dutch dish out £2500 ‘Brexit vouchers’ to help firms AVOID trading with UK  
Brexit is 'one of the saddest moments' in recent European history, president of European Council says  
Public backs fresh referendum to have 'final say' on terms of Brexit deal  
Brexit brings opportunity for UK fishing boom: report  
Donald Tusk: “I believe Brexit is one of the saddest moments in 21st-century European history”  
Today the PM @Theresa_May held a meeting with the Portuguese Prime Minister @antoniocostapm. They discussed building on our close UK-Portugal ties along with the recent attacks in Syria and Salisbury and the progression of the Brexit negotiations.  
Milner could block Brexit #MCFCVLFC 
Note #fbpe adherants. "The. Government. Will. Implement. What. You. Decide"What part of that do you fail to understand?Bang on about an advisory referendum all you like, but we have a Government AND an Oppisition committed to implementing the result.  
Many of us in Europe are keen to understand how Britain was targeted by Facebook ads during the #Brexit vote. The backers of the Vote Leave Campaign own companies which harvest data & worked with Others. Sounds like corruption of democracy on a massive scale. #ZUCKERBURG 
The BBC are so pro-Brexit, Vote Leave should be forced to declare the BBC's £3.7bn annual tv licence revenue as a referendum expense. #BrexitBroadcastingCorporation 
Brexit museum to just be a bucket of sand you can stick your whole head in 
I can't believe 20 years on from the historic #GoodFridayAgreement, we are fighting against a reckless hardline tory Brexit that could destroy it, return a hard border and send this beautiful country back to the dark days of the past, what a reckless PM May is #ToriesOut 
Brexit is a "lose-lose" situation, Dutch finance minister says  
"Dad, what did you do to stop Brexit?" 
EU head Donald Tusk weighed in on Brexit: "I believe Brexit is one of the saddest moments in twenty first-century European history. In fact, sometimes I am even furious about it.”  
On Monday the PM @Theresa_May visited Denmark and Sweden for bilateral talks on the Salisbury attack, the international response to Russia's aggression and Brexit.  
.@LiamFox welcomes @HSBCUKBusiness's #HSBCnavigator report that points to post-Brexit optimism among UK firms seeking to trade overseas, with nearly 3/4 of respondents expecting an increase in imports & exports over the next year. Find the report here  
Lets me understand this correctly. Gardiner says that Labour's Brexit policy is bollocks. Corbyn says that Gardiner supports said policy that he described as bollocks. Therefore Corbyn thinks that Labour's Brexit policy is bollocks.  
656 days ago, 17 million people ignored the warnings that the hard fought peace in Northern Ireland - and the rest of the UK - was at stake if they voted for Brexit.The promise of blue passports and the illusion of taking back control was too hard to resist.  
Brexit is trending. In all honesty do you think leaving the EU is worth it? 
The British journalist who exposed #Zuckerberg asks the US to persuade him to answer questions on the #Brexit referendum in the UK. Thanks for sharing this. We loath #Trump too. 
Cambridge Analytica did no work on the Brexit referendum in Britain. We pitched our services to leave and remain groups but did no work for them. 
Barry Gardiner - Labours BREXIT Policy is bollocks. Jeremy Corbyn - I fully support Barry Gardiner. This isnt a comedy, apparently. #labour 
Brexit’s been a revelation for me; Juncker has a great sense of humour, Barnier is essentially the greatest British-style diplomat there may ever have been, Verhofstadt is a peoples’ champion, and Donald Tusk has a heart of gold which he wears on his sleeve. Who’d have thunk it? 
Facebook, Google and Twitter may have been the weapon of choice for those who subverted our democratic process but never forget fake news was the bullet loaded by AIQ and Cambridge Analytica... 
I haven't tweeted about the threat that #Brexit poses to the #GoodFridayAgreement  because each time I think about it, I cry and become so angry that people can throw away a world shattering piece of hard work on the temple of a sordid piece of self serving hatred. 
If this is not a signal to enact our referendum on independence, I don't know what is. This is intolerable.  
'It is no good making the right noises. We need a [Brexit] plan that comes from the UK but is also accepted by the EU27,' the chief of Airbus writes for the FT 
A video of Nigel Farage thanking Steve Bannon and Breitbart for the Brexit referendum result has disappeared from YouTube following the Cambridge Analytica scandal.  
SENATORS! PLEASE ask #Zuckerberg why he won't come to UK. PLEASE ask him why not ONE mention of EU referendum. PLEASE ask him about Cambridge Analytica & AggregateIQ's role in both. We helped you bring Zuck to account. Please help us. THANK YOU. 
The White Paper, whatever you think of it, was serious attempt at putting a potential manifesto to the people of Scotland. The other side didn’t do any such thing. Also when you see the sloganising that won both the Brexit Vote and the Trump election it’s a bit rich slagging Yes 
Polling shows public support Corbyn's approach to Brexit.  
Paraphrasing "The far right is not to stop because they get their Brexit. They'll move on from blaming EU immigrants to blaming other groups" @Femi_Sorry #postcardsfromthe48 
Theresa May can find the money for DUP. Theresa May can find the money for Trident. Theresa May can find the money for Brexit. Theresa May can even apparently find the money for a Trump State visit. But she cannot find the money for our NHS and Grenfell survivors. 
The #GoodFridayAgreement has helped to keep the peace Northern Ireland for 20 years.#Brexit will put that peace at risk.If you still support Brexit, yet can't come up with an answer to the Northern Ireland border problem, then you're playing politics with people's lives. 
The wonderful @Suewilson91 bossing it like a pro in the #europeanparliament  sir Andrew Cook telling us we have to accept the vote, Sue from @BremainInSpain responds by saying "I will never accept #Brexit"   
2. Can't afford to let UKGovt kick it into transition. Bring the house of May down now & help us force a #FinalSayForAll with the option to #StopBrexitSaveBritain. Give us a #FairVote & we'll save time & money wasted on #Brexit & get back to being a sensible open minded country. 
Together for Yes campaign raises over €150,000 in six hours to fund Repeal posters prior to abortion referendum  
"The best argument against Brexit is that your children don't want it, and they're the ones who'll have to deal with it" @Femi_Sorry #postcardsfromthe48 
The inflation costs of Brexit: The Brits are already paying when they go to the supermarket. Thomas Sampson summarizes our research @CEP_LSE @lsebrexitvote @cage_warwick 
If, after the referendum the PM had said "the result of the advisory ref was too close to call a mandate, so what we're going to do is listen to the concerns of #Leavers and work inside the EU to fix what you feel is  wrong" The country wouldn't be split down the middle right now 
#Brexit“I don’t like Brexit,” Tusk said in a speech in Dublin on Tuesday. “Actually, that’s an understatement: I believe Brexit is one of the saddest moments in twenty first-century European history." 
I think campaigns that lie during a referendum should face legal consequences, including the people running them being fined with a risk of prison time.  
Norway Defies EU and Backs Tariff-Free Trade with UK After Brexit  
There’s only one flaw with Labour’s Brexit plan, it’s bollocks, says Labour frontbencher 
EU head Donald Tusk weighed in on Brexit: "I believe Brexit is one of the saddest moments in twenty first-century European history. In fact, sometimes I am even furious about it.”  
A key architect of the Good Friday Agreement tells @IainDale those who say Brexit is a threat to the agreement are just trying to “advance their own anti-Brexit policies”  
Brexit is 'one of the saddest moments' in recent European history, president of European Council says  
Freedom of Movement for UK citizens is hardly being discussed. We have to change that. Signing and spreading this petition is one thing we can do: Please sign RT and spread this by your own tweets.#StopBrexit #Brexit #ABTV #VoteEU 
After Allegations Of Impropriety In The Brexit Campaign, A Conservative Party Donor Resigns  via @ByTomFrank 
Today austerity is a choice, after #Brexit we won't even get a choice, as Britain slides down the wealth league, living standards from the Baltic to the Adriatic will pass us by. 
When all the dust has settled on Brexit, we need a decade of introspection on how so many ignorant, ideologues made it to the apex of British politics and society.  
OK. Can someone try and rationalise how Gardiner keeps his job when he describes Labour's policy over Brexit as bollocks, but Smith is fired when he advocates a change in Labour's policy over Brexit? Those who think Gardiner was correct need not respond.  
This is why Corbyn wants out of the EU. Instead of using current rules as Germany, France and others do in order to supply good public services, he wants to tank the economy with Brexit and create a bunch of 70s style state monopolies.#FBPE 
Iain Howell is standing in the local council elections  - Chiswick Homefields Ward. Vote for Iain if you wish to renew your local community & send a message to local Government that #Brexit must be stopped! #LocalElections #RenewLocals #Chiswick #ChiswickHomefields #FBPE 
What price peace?A blue fucking passport.What price peace?A fucking fish.What price peace?You know what? I'll bet you the selfish small minded fucknuggets think that a breakdown in peace is worth it. Brexit at any price, no matter the cost. No price too high.  
90% of Tory Leave voters think the loss of Irish peace is a price worth paying for #Brexit. Ireland is a far away country of which the English Brexit nationalists know little and care even less. Such has been the shrinking of the English world-view.#StopBrexit #VoteEU #ABTV 
My aunt - 93 at the time of the referendum, ex-WAAF, on radar - had postal vote. She was a long-time Telegraph reader & I was angst-ridden at the prospect of her vote. But she surprised me by asking why anyone would want to risk European peace again. She'd been through it & knew! 
But Keir, if you really mean that, then you MUST fight Brexit. Staying in "a" customs union is not enough. #FBPE 
Thank you to UK Border Force @HeathrowAirport for showing me more about your work in finding illegal goods and Brexit planning at the Border for passengers and air freight @DExEUgov #RoadtoBrexit 
See Ambassador @kevinthehague speak from The Hague about today’s 20th Anniversary of Good Friday Agreement. In the midst of last minute preparations for visit tomorrow of our Tánaiste @simoncoveney who will deliver a lecture about #GFA20 and #Brexit before meeting @ministerBlok 
Hillary Clinton Meddles in Brexit Again, Claims Leaving EU Will Lead to Violence   
I was getting 1sts in all my modules... Thanks for asking! Felt #StopBrexit was a more important investment in my future. Can easily go back to uni. #Brexit will be much harder to undo. 
U.K. must keep EU environmental rules after Brexit, Barnier says  
Important and moving reception @Europarl_EN celebrating 20 years of the Good Friday Agreement.Contained a warning of the fragility of peace and the need to preserve the free movement of communities across the island of Ireland. Brexit must not endanger this.  
Postcards from the 48% is an illuminating look into the thoughts of different people right across the country on not just why they voted Remain, but also why they think Brexit happen. This is the film that everyone who voted in 2016 MUST see. 
If only experts mattered...But, as this former British Ambassador to the EU underlines, so much about Brexit relies on “imperviousness to factual argument”. #BrexitReality 
Let's hope the Dutch live to regret this bridge burning exercise!Dutch dish out £2500 ‘Brexit vouchers’ to help firms AVOID trading with UK  
5th July 2018 will be the 70th birthday of our beloved #NHS.This THREAD argues that it is in severe danger under this #Toryshambles government, with #Brexit posing an imminent & particularly invidious threat.To #SaveOurNHS we must work tirelessly together to #StopBrexit. 
#EU WON'T cherry pick UK fishing!Tory MP:Fishermen had a poor deal once, won’t accept it a 2nd time.EU tell us we can’t cherry pick.Well, THEY won’t cherry pick when it comes to fishing!Getting UK fishing rights back is essential in my view.#Brexit 
Re-read Observer's 'new centrist party' story.Been going for a year, attracted no real attention from Labour 'moderates', isn't sure if it actually wants to be a party, doesn't want to stop Brexit and may not even actually exist.It may be the biggest non-story I've ever seen. 
Abortion: pope  These comments harm the Irish faithful facing an abortion referendum in 6 weeks time. It is reminiscent of his "Who am I to judge?" remark prior to Ireland's gay marriage referendum @ProtecttheFaith @jhwesten @RaymondArroyo @CanonTwoTwelve 
"UK is going Global & we will be making free trade agreements with growing powerhouses of Brazil, India, China, US & Australia.We have been tied down to the dying corpse of #EU for too long.We are going for bigger markets & greater opportunities”#Brexit 
Are you a small business, trader, or laboratory?Do you *love* cumbersome, confusing paperwork?Excellent - because here comes Brexit! (ref: ) 
Suspect Labour's @bnarrygardiner the shad inter dev sec will be pulled from @bbcquestiontime having revealed what everyone else knows: Labour's brexit stance is 'bollocks'. 
Why is the Government still pushing for #Brexit when their own leaked impact analysis shows that leaving the Single Market means the UK will need to find an additional £55bn in borrowing by 2033? #52brexitfacts 
Great to see @Femi_Sorry & @albawhitewolf shoulder to shoulder fighting for our country & against Brexit  
EU wants legal assurance Britain won't lower environmental standards after Brexit  
Gr8 to meet the brilliant @albawhitewolf at #postcards48%#brexit film preview  
Dutch politician Thierry Baudet  says c trade deal with UK is interest of Holland but he fears its being sabotaged by Brussels. course it is. They're desperate to wreck Brexit 
A former Ambassador to the EU tells me:- He would "think twice" before serving as a diplomat for Brexit Britain - Britain could end up staying in the customs union- The transition is not long enough to strike an FTA- Boris should lose his job  
In the last six hours the Israeli Labor Party cut ties with UK Labour Party, who in turn won the endorsement of Nick Griffin, while the Shadow International Trade Secretary said his party's Brexit policy is "bollocks" but he fully supports it. They don't half spoil us. 
Tony Blair: I am passionately opposed to Brexit. I think it is a profound mistake for the country. Watch him discussing the impact of Brexit on the #GoodFridayAgreement here:  #GFA20 
This may be the last time I have a vote thanks to @theresa_may whose post-Brexit "settled status" does not cover EXISTING voting rights for @The3MillionEU citizens who made their life here shd continue to have a say.Pls support #citizensrights @DanielZeichner @AnnMSinnott 
“I am passionately opposed to #Brexit. I think it is a profound mistake and I hope it may still not happen.” Tony Blair @InstituteGC 
Pathetic that .@DavidDavisMP should blame the Irish for the lack of any solution to the Irish border #Brexit problem. He should talk to fellow Brexiter, Theresa Villiers MP, ex Sec of State for NI, I am sure she will have the answer. 
I appeal to @eucopresident not to allow the vulneration of human rights in Catalonia. Organising a referendum is not rebelion or sedition. Cutting off a road is not terrorism. Let's look for what unites all the european citizens: democracy, peace and human rights.  
Now that Yulia Skripal is up and running round like a champ I must pay tribute to the NHS in the UK. Despite austerity cuts they managed to cure a nerve agent 10 times more deadly than Sarin. A simply marvellous service. Our EU citizens will really miss it after #Brexit. 
This week in Labour: - International Trade spox described his own Brexit policy as "bollocks" - International Trade spox apologised for calling Belfast Agreement a "shibboleth" - The Israeli Labor Party severed relations  - Nick Griffin endorsed the partyIt's only Tuesday! 
For too long, the EU has been slow to identify, negotiate and sign FTAs, no more so in the case of #Australia. Brexit presents an opportunity for the UK to make up for lost time.  
"My polling card is a sad reminder that if I want keep the democratic right to vote, I will have to leave the country I love" writes @PaulineBock on potentially losing her right to vote post Brexit as an EU citizen in the UK.  
Michael Gove is considering a ban on the live export of animals after Brexit to help the UK become a world leader in animal welfare  
Republicans are planning to make the 2018 election a referendum on impeachment. Here's why  
Spoke to a much older woman today who was unsure about the referendum. She had no one to ask certain questions, and was embarrassed by some of them. We chatted on the bus to town, she told me she felt 'calmer' now & would be voting yes. We also may be going for wine next week ;) 
In other words, a Brexit everyone will detest - and a Brexit that won’t satisfy any meaningful mandate.We can do better.  
I am putting my money on that your main concern isn't so much stopping Brexit but stopping socialism. As for hurting vulnerable people remember the 1/2 a million dead Iraqis from an unnecessary war.  
Really worrying to hear that, according to the Office for National Statistics, household spending slowed to its lowest annual growth for six years in 2017 amid #Brexit-fuelled inflation, with borrowing surging and family savings slumping to a record low. 
Just because a referendum campaign doesn't' look like the ones you are used to, that doesn't mean the work is not being done. Just your ideas & framing are outdated & need revising. #repealthe8th 
John Mills - "I think the thing that does seem to be really clear about the polls is that most people accept the result of the referendum that took place in June 2016."They want Britain to get on with #Brexit, and negotiate the best deal they can with the EU."  
Scotland said No to the Tories - We got the ToriesScotland said No to Nukes - We got NukesScotland said No to Brexit - We got BrexitScotland said No to Iraq - We got IraqScotland said No to Independence - We got.... 
A third of the worlds arable soils are degraded. Let’s take this opportunity to ensure that the health of our soil is central to the future of farming in the UK and the cornerstone of agricultural policy post-Brexit #FutureFarmingConsultation  
Gardiner says Labour’s test that it will only back Brexit with the “exact same benefits” as single market is “bollocks” – and keeps his jobOwen Smith called for a final deal on the referendum – and got firedIf you’re relying on Labour to stop/soften Brexit, you’ll be let down  
Brexiters want a ‘museum of sovereignty’.Too right, come 30 March 2019, unless #Brexit is stopped, our sovereignty will be a thing of the past.We will be a mere rule-taker, subservient to the EU and US. Daft.#StopBrexitSaveBritain#FinalSay 
Barry Gardiner on Labour's Brexit 'six tests' policy: "Well let's just take one test - the exact same benefits. Bollocks. Always has been bollocks and it remains it."Jeremy Corbyn: "Barry Gardiner does not denounce our Brexit policies. We have had a conversation with him." 
Always a pleasure to talk to Slovak media often more interested in my views particularly on Brexit than the UK media. Can't remember the last time UK media interviewed a strong Remain Tory MEP   
Jeremy Corbyn says Barry Gardiner supports Labour Brexit policy which he described as ‘bollocks' 
So, another Brexit 'fact' implodes  
Nearly 1 million more people were granted EU citizenship in 2016, who knows how many last year ... all with carte-blanche to come to the UK while we're twiddling our thumbs during this barmy transition period.#Brexit #Brexiteers #LeaveEU 
He wants the Commons to vote on Brexit, but doesn't want the Commons to vote on bombing Syria. These Remainers have odd ideas about democracy.  
Gosh, the number of UK nationals acquiring citizenship of another EU country is TINY. Just 6,555 in 2016 despite anti-Brexit hysteria throughout second half of that year. 
"There is no connection whatsoever between the 1998 Agreement and Brexit.The two operate on completely different planes." - David Trimble #GFA20 #Brexit*cough* Strand 2*cough cough* Strand 3 @BelfastAgmt*splutter cough splutter* @BorderIrish pic.twitter.com/seuycEwSKK 
Another question that Postponers won't even be able to understand. What's the point in having, say, 60% support for independence in the polls if the Scottish Parliament no longer has the power to call a referendum? Is that tumbleweed? #Referendum2018 
I have come to The Hague for meetings with officials and MPs. The sense of regret over Brexit is greater than in any other member, excepting Ireland. The Dutch know - unlike many British voters - how influential UK has been in the EU, and often in ways the Dutch liked. @CER_EU 
A future partnership based on a level playing field would strongly mitigate the threats of #Brexit to the EU’s environment - delighted to speak to #Green10 today @Europarl_EN @peterliese @Cecile_Toubeau @jo_leinen  
wait until one of their wives/they develop cancer, and there are no radio isotopes to treat them! My oncologist says this is a REAL fear! #brexit #NHS 
A reminder of why we must insist on a no-deal Brexit:“The Commission is strongly committed to promoting diversity in Europe. Islam is part of our history, Islam is part of our present and Islam will be part of our future” - EU Commission First Vice-President Frans Timmermans 
It's obvious to everyone apart from the Labour frontbench that the only way to secure the "exact same benefits" of the Single Market is to remain in the Single Market. #Brexit  
The ECJ has ruled for the first time on extradition of EU citizens to the USAMy analysis - including the implications for Brexit:  
Owen is sacked for sensibly saying we should stay in #SingleMarket & #CustomsUnion Barry parrots hard Tory right on Good Friday Agreement & fears of a hard border & rubbishes Labour’s whole #Brexit policy & isn’t? Weird. 
As a teenager in 1998 who voted No in the referendum, it is interesting to hear the contributions at the QUB event. To me & many in my community, it was a time of grief - esp concessions on release of prisoners, destruction of the RUC & no requirement for decommissioning #GFA20 
This downplaying of Good Friday Agreement and suggestion of reintroducing border is truly alarming. #Brexit was not about jeopardising peace on island of Ireland. Yet somehow it is becoming an acceptable sacrifice. UK unity is precious, not negotiable  
Barry Gardiner "fully supports" Jeremy Corbyn's Brexit policy despite calling it "bollocks". Well that's reassuring. 
75% of residents in Wandsworth voted to remain within the EU, I stood up for them when I voted against triggering Article 50.During the EU Referendum, nobody voted to be worse off. I will not vote for a deal that makes Britain worse off, that makes Tooting worse off.  
UPDATED: Now you can listen to Barry Gardiner call Labour's Brexit tests "bollocks" and not get sacked.  
'If the choice is between Brexit and the Good Friday Agreement, we must support the Agreement every time' @OwenSmith_MP 
Below an extract from a National Front (far-right and fascist British party) leaflet from during debates on EEC membership (1975 referendum)."The EEC wants to rob us of our fish". Any of the rhetoric sounds familiar?Let that sink in. #TuesdayThoughts 
John Ashworth: The Government must not betray fishermen and coastal communities in the Brexit talks | Conservative Home  
Museum of Brexit, ‘Centre of European Disintegration Studies’ to Launch, Collecting Artefacts   
Fantastic A private lawsuit will help compensate for pathetic lack of action by US & UK governments, who've given Facebook & Cambridge Analytica too easy a ride. Brexit is tainted by this. Yet another reason for voters to be given the #FinalSay. 
'The Catalan Gov, hostage and exiled because [an acclaimed] referendum. Mossos [Cat police], accused of criminal organization for repressing its citizens. CDR groups (peaceful protest/disobedience) arrested as terrorists. If we leave our rights undefended, future will be no more'  
If "we know very well that we cannot have the exact same benefits" then the test fails and there is no "Jobs first Brexit"Time for @UKLabour to back remaining in the European Union. 
#FBPE -ers, I need help with a Final Say For All Foundation campaign. I need a personal brexit impact story from each region of the UK. So, if you're (originally) from Wales, the East Midlands or the West Midlands & are willing to share your story, please DM me #FinalSayForAll 
3 wks post Brexit a friend said “idiots, bigots & people smelling of wee have got us into this situation” I asked him what wasn’t bigoted about about describing old people as smelling of wee? I feel similarly about your tweet, it’s pointless & encourages  unpleasant stereotypes. 
Labour opposing #Brexit wouldn't mean Brexit would be stopped, but it would mean there would a strong chance of stopping Brexit. While Corbyn leads Labour and supports Brexit there is no hope whatsoever.#ABTV #StopBrexit #VoteEU 
Banning to export of live animals is another example of how Brexit will allow Britain to become a world leader in animal welfare! 
#BarryGardiner, on #Brexit, saying what the rest of the country is thinking.  
As clear as it gets. The complete failure of the Brexit project  
This is excellent: @philipvmurphy, the leading British historian of the Commonwealth, explains why it will not be riding to the rescue of Brexit Britain.  
One year to go and the the #Brexit project has already completely and utterly failed. The government could still call a halt in the face of this damning evidence.....but it won't because May and her cronies are interested only in theit next pay cheque.  
Funny how no #Corbyn fans are calling for #BarryGardiner to go for 'undermining the leader' All #OwenSmith did was back a vote on the final #Brexit deal, which most #Labour members want yet they hounded himOf course Gardiner has never criticised St Jeremy so... 
Costly medicines and pus in milk: a Brexit trade deal that’ll make you sick  
Don’t tell me labour are playing the long game . They’re just playing us. I will not forgive , I will not forget , I will never vote labour again . #StopBrexit#ABTVLabour MP Barry Gardiner: party's Brexit tests are 'bollocks'  
Some Corbyn supporters think #FBPE Corbyn critics like me are just anti-Corbyn. I'm anti-Brexit. And my personal view is that some of the leading Tories should be locked up in prison for their downright criminal abuse of our democracy. #JailTheLeaveLiars.#StopBrexit #ABTV 
‘@GawainTowler: ‘Museum of Brexit’ will collate decades-long campaign for national independence.“The story is not just about the big figures, but about the thousands of ordinary decent men and women who spent years knocking on doors.” 
A Museum of Brexit is seeking to put rosettes, pamphlets and other ephemera from the 45-year Leave movement on display  
Lovely pictures, Madeleina! I am thrilled of having received your testimony for In Limbo Too. Your voice and that of other young people such as @Femi_Sorry and many more are extremely important to highlight the loss of rights & opportunities that Brexit will cause. @InLimboBrexit 
THE 'Together for Yes' campaign has exceeded a €50,000 fundraising target for its abortion referendum poster campaign in the space of four and a half hours. An online crowdfunding push has seen more than €100,000 raised by 1pm. #together4yes 
Could fraud in the referendum have any bearing on #A50Challenge? Who knows, but if the referendum result constitutes part of the decision to leave the EU or provides grounds on which such a decision could’ve reasonably been taken, surely the answer is yes.  
Good Friday Agreement: Has Brexit put Northern Ireland’s peace at risk?  
10th leadership forum: #China and #UK optimistic about post-Brexit relations 
Still nobody has mentioned the Scottish Independence Referendum.  Surely this is just as important as all the other elections and referendums these gits interfered with?  
Friends! It gets better!According to figures I've just made up - which have been verified by over 112% of Our Climate Scientists - Our Public backs whatever latest desperate wheeze Our Remoaners have dreamt up to stop Brexit, by an 87 points margin!Talk about a turning point!  
"#Brexit has made it “far less likely” that another country will leave the EU, Ireland’s European Commissioner has said." 
Perhaps the worst thing about Brexit is how it has eroded standards in public life in the UK. Please don't contribute to that, however (rightly) angry we may be about Brexit itself. 5/5 
The views I do hold are contentious enough, without attributing to me views I do not hold.Keep fighting Brexit if you want/can - but also look beyond 29 March 2019, if you fail. 
The Labour leadership won't listen to Remainers, it takes our votes for granted, and it is helping the Tories drive through #Brexit. We need to force it to change its mind, and that means voting for pro-EU parties on May 3.#StopBrexit #VoteEU #ABTV 
She doesn't have much to crow about, though, does she?And we, like him, are not crowing about brexit bad news, we are aghast. And so should you be. 
Globalist Horror #SOROS gives another £400k to anti-Brexit group.  Lock him up!        #fo2eu 
Hear, hear!I agree with Corbyn's shadow Trade Secretary Barry Gardiner:Labour's Brexit Policy is Bo**ocks.#LabourFail 
READ transcript of Barry Gardiner describing Keir Starmer's Brexit test as "bollocks". 
As a Social Democrat this leaves me heartbroken, yet totally unsurprised given the antisemitism, attributing migrants for falling wages, hard Brexit policy and flat out refusal to condemn murderous tyrants #CorbynOut 
Thanks @facebook - looks like my 'likes' (a profound indication of psychometric disposition) was harvested by  #CambridgeAnalytica and presumably shared with #Brexit campaigns and (according to SCL boast) other shady UK elections. To find out more search 
This is utterly outrageous behaviour. David Allen Green has been and is an absolutely tireless dispeller of the myths and untruths of Brexit. It's safe to say that I and many other remainers may not be doing what we're doing without him and his work. 1/  
'Are you EMBARRASSED?'Shocked Tony Blair confronted with DAMAGE his premiership did to UKAdam Boulton:“You don’t feel embarrassed that the whole history of your premiership has damaged Britain’s integrity?”Blair looked utterly confused...#Brexit #EU 
'He's responsible!' German MEP slaps down Blair's attempt to coerce Merkel to BLOCK Brexit  
Some people have asked me why they should care about Brexit in local elections. I explain why I think you all should, and what that means for voting, in today's #TanjasDaily. Most importantly: make sure you are registered to vote ... and go vote. 
Michel Barnier confirms today (#GFA20 - anniversary of the #GoodFridayAgreement ) that any deal agreed this autumn on #Brexit MUST include provisions on the #Irish border avoiding border controls and respecting #GFA - otherwise no agreement 
The gvt.s shambolic approach to #Brexit is causing chaos in the UK manufacturing sector. > 20% of manufacturing firms are planning to lay off workers whilst 58% plan price increases to cope with the costs of #Brexit according to the Chartered Institute of Procurement and Supply. 
Can we solve the Irish border and Brexit? BrexitCentral​'s Hugh Bennett explains that we can.  
GOTCHA: Barry Gardiner caught on tape calling Labour's key post-Brexit Single Market policy 'bollocks'."Well let’s just take one test – the exact same benefits. Bollocks. Always has been bollocks and it remains it." 
Barnier says he was reassured by UK minister that we will adopt same environmental standards on Brexit day. Barnier asked ‘what about on day 10? ‘The minister replied ‘ah, well that’s a different matter.’ 
Labour frontbencher: Labour’s Brexit tests are ‘bollocks’  
.@UKLabour frontbencher @BarryGardiner calls the #Labour #Brexit plans bol****sWell, quite Barry, like most other Labour policies. 
Labour will not stop Brexit. They will be complicit in letting it happen. Such a shame.  
David Davis acknowledges that Sinn Féin is “playing a strong political role” in Brexit negotiations that he “hadn’t foreseen”Damn Right We Are #SpecialStatus 
So @Keir_Starmer avoiding a hard border in Ireland means staying in the Single Market. Will you now state clearly and unequivocally that this is Labour policy. If you fail to do so, it will be clear that your fine words on the GFA are empty rhetoric. #StopBrexit #ABTV #Brexit  
Simon Harris speaking to a Moore Street trader who favours repealing the Eighth Amendment.  ‘It’s not just about the girls, it’s about the fellas too,’ she says. The minister agrees, saying it’s time for men and women to talk to their loved ones about the referendum  
Our peace is worth more than your BrexitA personal reflection on the anniversary of the Good Friday Agreement, by @K_interarma -  
BBC has a tape of  @BarryGardiner , shad international dev sec, saying Labour's Brexit policy is 'bollocks'. Bit like the rest of  their policies 
Catching my first sight of the #Together4Yes posters- Love them!  Immediately decent- and the idea of empowering people with positive language 5 weeks out from a referendum is genius.   
Gardiner: Labour's Brexit Policy is Bollocks  
At least Barry Gardiner got something right - he described the cornerstone of Labour's policy on Brexit as "bollocks".  
Oh boy. The BBC has obtained a recording of Barry Gardiner describing Labour's 6 Brexit tests as "bollocks" Will he deny this, too? 
Quite right too. How dare the BBC effectively decide that the views of more than half the country that wishes to #Remain no longer count? It's astonishing how low #Brexit has brought many of our most valuable institutions, including the BBC. @BBCNews #StopBrexit 
The BBC now has a recording of Barry Gardiner saying Labour's six tests for the Brexit deal are "bollocks"  
There is no public appetite to break from British-European standards and plunge into a deregulated Brexit Britain (see below).People actually want more state investment - but Brexit burns up all the cash.  
Shadow international trade secretary Barry Gardiner is heard denouncing one of his party’s key Brexit tests as ‘b*******’  
A @YouGov poll, commissioned by @Open_Britain last year, showed that more than half (54%) of Leave voters weren't prepared to be a penny worse off in order for the UK to 'regain' control of #immigration. RT @Jon_Danzig’s report:  Because #Brexit wrecks it.  
And here is my response. Yes we should care about what happens if Brexit does go ahead, but that doesn’t mean we should abandon the fight. Opposing Brexit does not mean we give up our right have a say on what it will bring if it does happen. 
'Anyone who thinks Brexit won't bring back violence to Ireland doesn't understand the Good Friday Agreement'  
I’m debating John Redwood on Brexit this evening. He has got his retaliation in first  
This is especially interesting in the light of @mrjamesob comments that he’s not on Newsnight because he refused to be polite about Brexit  
The Irish border problem was created by Brexit, not by Sinn Fein.   
Ireland's deputy PM says David Davis is talking "nonsense" by suggesting Sinn Fein is influencing the government on Brexit  
Brilliant on  #Brexit @Open_Britain @mcashmanCBE @RCorbettMEP @derekvaughan @ChukaUmunna @SKinnock @LadyBasildon @LabourLordsUK 
Our parliamentarians have now been given a democratic mandate from the British people in its entirety, personal opinions redundant.#Brexit  
I just want there to exist a viable party that is willing to call out Brexit for the insidious act of self mutilation it actually is.That fact that both main parties are still insisting that it'll somehow be beneficial is nothing short of insulting. 
What is the scope of the Brexit mandate?  And when will it be discharged?New lengthy post by me at @JackofKent 
The demand for a public #VoteOnTheDeal is unstoppable as the public realise they were misled and manipulated and Brexit is simply bad for Britain   
So, Corbynistas.A shadow minister calls for a second referendum to make sure the public is still for this massive decision and is fired.Another comes out with this insanity and stays in the job.What part of "awful judgment" don't you understand? 
#TonyBlair Doing the rounds today talking bollocks as usual. He’s been asking Angela Merkel do everything possible, to reverse Brexit idiot. Anyone listening to Multimillionaire, Warmonger, Tony Blair go away. Your boring us all to death.  Trying derail Brexit  
The loss of EU residents in a self-harming Brexit is devastating. They are members of our communities, families, friends, colleagues, medical & social care staff, teachers, musicians, artists  . .  we are poorer and sadder without them #StopBrexit #ABTV 
“As trade unionists, we know how fragile the Good Friday agreement is. It must not be sacrificed on the altar of hard Brexit” | excellent piece by @FrancesOGrady 
I've wrecked the UK Economy, Lost AAA Rating, Caused Race Hatred, and now off to live in France on my £75,000 a year EU pension ... Thanks #brexit Idiots  
Spain claims government of #Catalonia misused public funds when it organized #1oct2017 referendum. I disagree. However I claim,that #Spain misused public funds today,when they detained an unarmed,non-violent young woman with >30 heavily armed police officers and a helicopter. 
Jeremy Corbyn talks about a leaked letter of Boris Johnson on a possible hard border in NI.This Tory Govt is soo divided, the PM is incapable of delivering a coherent and decisive plan for Brexit!#TuesdayThoughts #LBF18 #marr  
165% increase in Brits becoming citizens of other EU countries after Brexit vote >>> Green MEP @MollyMEP said the figures represented a “vote of no confidence” in Brexit and warned of a “brain drain” of young people from Britain  #FBPE 
'I grew up in Ireland and if you don't think Brexit will bring violence back to the region, you don't understand the Good Friday Agreement'  
"Don’t let Brexit undermine Ireland’s peace." A timely and important piece on the Good Friday Agreement and Irish Border from @HillaryClinton 
Brexit is real. From today, Eurostat will publish major economic stats (GDP, unemployment etc) for the EU27 (exc UK)  
PS. All people in prison risks 30 years have been in jail for 5-6 months without trial and the complicity of PP-C's and PSOE.Their "crime" is to have organised or supported the 1st of October referendum. 
UK could ban livestock exports for slaughter after Brexit, says Gove  @guardianeco cc @philip_ciwf MT @RSPCA_official & @BritishVets #animalwelfare #AnimalCruelty 
20 years since Good Friday Agreement was concluded. These 20 years show, what a difference #GFA made for peace in the region! We all know: #Brexit negotiations have to take this into account. High stakes, high responsibility. 
Here's Churchill reiterating Burke's exposition of the duties of an MP. Most of our current crop of MPs are systematically failing to carry out that duty, instead they're hiding behind the totalitarian slogan of the "will of the people"!#StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
The fiction of a Brexit that keeps the 'exact same benefits' of EU membership is crumbling under the weight of reality  
Planning a Brexit Museum before we've even left the EU tells you everything you need to know about the egos of pricks like @Nigel_Farage 
The day after the Brexit vote I walked into a market in Camposol (Little England) Spain and heard a guy announcing you the room I'm glad we're out of Europe now I pointed out he lives in Spain He wasn't happy 
One problem with continually saying a referendum shouldn't be called until there's sustained 60% support is that it will become a promise, something *opponents* can hold us to, rather than our own tactical assessment. Remember "once in a generation"? 
The Good Friday Agreement has allowed hope and stability to eclipse decades of violence and division. Twenty years on, nothing must be allowed to undermine it; the people of the island of Ireland can count on the Parliament's full support in protecting its achievements. #Brexit 
If you're yet to register to vote in the local elections, you have just ONE WEEK left to do so! Remember that EU nationals in the UK are able to vote this time - unlike in the EU referendum and the last general election.Sign up here:  @GreenJeanMEP 
Why is the Traitor Blair given so much time on MSMHe’s on Sky now.He should be doing prison time not trying to stop the Democratic process of #Brexit.This man is completely mad if he thinks anyone in the UKListens to his opinions. 
Brexit is about squeezing the ‘squeezed middle’ even more,but by transferring their money to the super rich,not the poor,who’ll be abandoned 
We should never underestimate how great an achievement the Good Friday Agreement was. It has been one of the most successful peace processes ever accomplished. 20 years on it is vital we secure its future. The Tories' reckless approach to Brexit is putting peace at risk. #GFA20 
“politicians..do not understand my reality: Brexit will finish us because we will lose our smaller value orders due to the increased customs costs: even with Norway-style deal an extra £25 on £50 or £100 order is a deal breaker”  
Meddling Hillary Clinton wades into Brexit row with Northern Ireland  
Dutch finance minister Hoekstra - #Brexit is a tragedy & not in the interests of the EU or the UK... it's going to be the middle class that pay the bill & not Boris Johnson... if there was any way to avoid brexit I would love to but the UK are determined to push on with it#FBPE 
Great to meet up with @lara_spirit and @Femi_Sorry on their visit to the European Parliament to hear from MEPs about their reactions to #Brexit@OFOCBrexit giving hope to those who understand the urgent need to #StopBrexit 
Credit Suisse #Brexit report: "The takeaway here is that if your priority is economic growth and low unemployment, then everything UKIP and the Conservatives have been saying about immigration has turned out to be totally wrong."   
Two elderly men chatting in the local newsagents about Brexit.One of them says, “we should walk out of the negotiations and the EU will come running to us.”The other man says, “Yes. I was saying that to my wife last night.”Both men then buy a copy of the Daily Mail. 
Barry Gardiner says the Irish border issue and the Good Friday deal are being "played up" in Brexit talks for economic and political reasons.Exactly right. EU and RoI want to use it to bounce the UK into the Customs Union and single market by proxy.  
So Tony Blair wants to get Angela Merkel to help him reverse Brexit.A man with a proven track record of being on the right side of history...#ERM #Euro #IraqWar #Brexit #TonyBlair 
Labour fully supports the Good Friday Agreement in all its aspects, including no hard border. Crucial this is fully respected in the Brexit negotiations and beyond. 
Britain needs to “get on with it” and negotiate a good Brexit deal  
A desperate statement from a desperate man! : Tony Blair claims peace in Northern Ireland 'AT RISK' after Brexit in latest intervention  
Very soon we the people of Biafra will transform our lives through the power of 'yes' and 'believe ( Referendum ) yes is for Biafra and No is for Nigeria.#SupportBiafraReferendum @realDonaldTrump @NkirukaNistoran @nlitvin @nlitvin @Amaka_Ekwo @EmekaGift @netanyahu @realFFK 
“We cannot know the causative impact that the alleged spending fraud of Vote Leave had. In law, that uncertainty is ..a reason that the referendum is void. Overspending not only changed the result.: it materially increased the risk of a corrupt vote”  
20 years of peace & stability secured through the Good Friday Agreement. No Government or Opposition should talk down or undermine the opportunities it has brought. As important now as '98 & Brexit must not undermine it #GFA20 
So Tony Blair is all over the airwaves AGAIN, proffering opinions on Syria another referendum on Brexit & centralist politics ie New Labour - c’mon media - at least a bit of balance from those of figfeting opinion! 
The article about #Brexit and Modern Languages, written by Dr Huw Grange (@dialoguiste) and previously publsihed by @ConversationUK, has been printed in @Independent. Contains miracles of immediate proficiency in French and some mild medieval swearing. 
Another classic example of how many Brexit politicians don't "get" Ireland. SF and FG are the arch-est of political enemies. 
Hilary Clinton warns Theresa May that Brexit could destroy the Irish peace dealShe warned that "the hand of history will be heavy and unforgiving" if Theresa May's government allows Brexit to "undermine" the #GoodFridayAgreement.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
The #GoodFridayAgreement changed my life. It meant that I could have a care free childhood that my parents didn’t have the luxury of. It’s so important that we do everything we can to protect it. That means no hard Brexit and no hard border. 
In March, 2016, according to its official 'designated Leave' application to the @ElectoralCommUK, and, according to Brittany Kaiser, #CambridgeAnalytica was working for the 'Leave umbrella group' (Leave EU, UKIP, GO) named Go Movement Ltd (GML). Read more:  
Ailbhe Smyth has been campaigning for our basic human rights for FORTY YEARS, you think she doesn’t feel a sense of urgency around this referendum? People in ARC have given every spare minute of their lives to this for the last five years, you think they’ve no sense of urgency? 
This is not a drill, people. #Brexit doesn't create any opportunities. It DESTROYS them. It will destroy the fragile peace in NI #WeNeedtheGFA 
Lord Trimble, one of the architects of the Good Friday Agreement, hit out at claims that Brexit will put the historic peace accord in Northern Ireland at risk  
In 1 hour we will start webstreaming today's "Conference on the #FutureofEurope and the Role of Regions".What is the impact of #Brexit on cities and regions?  Join us from 11 am: Agenda:  
*Protest!Protest!!Protest!!!*  *IPOB* in South Africa will hit the street of Johannesburg on 11th April 2018 being WEDNESDAY to inform people about our up  coming *REFERENDUM*  11/04/2018 Wednesday Time: 10: 00 amVenue : Ghandi Square@Amaka_Ekwo @NkirukaNistoran @MosesAgbo8 
Twenty years ago today, the Good Friday Agreement was born. If Brexit destroys two decades of peace in Northern Ireland, Brexiters should hang their heads in shame every time they look at their new blue passport. #GoodFridayAgreement 
Britain's long-standing partner in promoting free-trade and liberalisation in the EU warns May of the consequences of her hard #brexit  
The evidence of gerrymandering of Hungarian election below.OSCE monitors find ‘intimidating and xenophobic rhetoric, media bias and opaque financing’.Sounds like the #Brexit referendumNo wonder Johnson & Farage congratulated Orban 
I’m sharing #52brexitfacts , revealing just how much damage it’s already caused and we haven’t even left the EU yet. #Brexit has already cost us more than £200m a week in lost growth, according to the Governor of @bankofengland. 
Stand by for #BBC @BBCr4today to find a #Brexit artist as #TraceyEmin announces her new installation #StPancras #IWantMyTimeWithYou is pro #Remain (amongst other things) 
On the Twentieth anniversary of the #GoodFridayAgreement May we never take our fragile peace for granted and protect it with everything we have in these threatening #Brexit times. May our Island continue to embrace diversity. Together we are stronger. 
A few callous individuals are willing to sacrifice the peace of the #GoodFridayAgreement on the alter of Brexit. Never forget that. 
The fact that public opinion is changing on #Brexit is why “the fanatical #Brexiters seem prepared to see their ‘red lines’ scratched out one by one in order to achieve their ultimate goal, which is Brexit at any cost” says @williamkeegan : 
DISGRACE: Billionaire George Soros donates another £400,000 to anti-Brexit group. Establishment plot to thwart the will of the people continues.  
Observing a hearing before the Grand Chamber #ECJ as part of my visit to #Luxembourg. This court is vital to the #EU & a force for good. Scottish jurists have a proud history here. I want that tradition to continue #ScotlandsPlaceInEurope #Brexit  
“@theresa_may is an absolute disgrace as she admits she is willing to hand over UK fishing waters to the EU after Brexit & open UK waters to EU nations. Tory brexiteers have to take her down & oust her as PM. Make a leadership challenge now” 
Letter in The Times on behalf of @Open_Britain ‘The government must put partisan interest aside and act in the interests of all by prioritising its commitment to peace in NI above its desire to have Brexit *at any cost*.’ Unbelievable this needs to be said.  
Ex-Northern Ireland Secretaries issue stark warning over Brexit risk to Good Friday Agreement  via @PoliticsHome 
There should be such a plebiscite anyway: the first was a fraud, & the only way to settle the matter now is a referendum based on more information, less interference, & everyone with a stake given their rightful say. I’ll abide by the outcome whatever it is.  
Don’t let Brexit undermine Ireland’s peace | Hillary Clinton  
In today's news - - Gardiner admits Irish border being “played up”- Davis suggests final EU exit deal is ‘90 per cent done’- Gove consults on post-Brexit live animal export ban- Norway offers trade roll over 
The Good Friday Agreement has held the peace in Northern Ireland for 20 years. Brexit must not be allowed to destroy it 
LISTEN: Barry Gardiner says importance of Good Friday Agreement ‘played up’ in Brexit talks  via @PoliticsHome One word. Three syllables. Idiot. 
Brexit has changed the game on currency 
EU BREXIT PANIC: Brussels admits UK is its ‘LARGEST capital market'  <A shame our own leaders don't have the backbone.  UK is in a strong position. 
That was the moment when I also felt a shift.  Until then the Irish border issue could well have stopped or delayed Brexit.  Could still do so, but less likely with the current withdrawal agreement and transition.  
Yesterday the Danish PM told our PM you are making a big mistake leaving the single market/ customs union.  This doesn’t get a single mention on the BBC news home page.  The only Brexit story it does mention is one saying the good Friday agreement concerns are rubbish. BBC = joke 
But why would be when xenophobic rhetoric, media bias and opaque financing is exactly how he won the referendum?  
READ | The vile Soros is at it again, injecting cash into useless campaigns to overturn a historic referendum, all in the name of "democracy". The man doesn't know the meaning of the word. Support us at  
With Tony Blair, John Major and Nick Clegg all talking so much sense on Brexit should we (A) keep blaming them for Iraq/stuff that happened in early 90s/being unable to stop tuition fee rise or (b) get behind them all, stop being partisan & living in the past and #StopBrexit ?? 
Weren't standards supposed to be lowered by us 'taking back control' ?Export of live animals may be banned after Brexit 
Alastair Campbell: Brexit poses a threat to peace in Northern Ireland  
Today is the anniversary of the Good Friday Agreement. Members of the Northern Ireland Women’s Coalition who helped negotiate it fear Brexit may destroy it: 
20 years on from the signing of the Good Friday agreement, we look at what Brexit could mean for the Irish border. This is a video from our archives explaining the implications of Brexit  
There were more than 3,700 people killed during the troubles. The Good Friday Agreement brought the troubles to an end and the people of Ireland now live in peace. #Brexit threatens that peace, unless the government comes to its senses on the SM and CU, or simply #StopBrexit now 
David Davis’ claim in @thetimes this morning that concerns about Brexit & the Irish Border only emerged with the collapse of Stormont and the new Taoiseach are utter rubbish. Enda Kenny, Martin McGuinness AND Arlene Foster all warned about it. 
Good observation.If parliament voted for Article 50 even after the Miller litigation, one should not hold up hopes that they will do (in Remainers' view) the right thing now.MPs cowed by the referendum "mandate".  
Alt Right propagandist #Humphrys talking away the GFA as a barrier to Brexit: “We have had 20 yeas of power sharing and are not making much progress”.  What, apart from no war, no bombs in London, very few deaths? Fucking moron 
The Danish Prime Minister explained how there would be 'more bureaucracy' after Brexit - 'leaving the EU comes with a price tag'. An embarrassed Theresa May fled back to 'backwater' Britain #BrexitShambles #r4today 
report I've co-written gives facts on Food, Brexit and N Ireland. The most sober report I've ever written. Today there are 275 road crossings NI to Republic. In 'Troubles' only 20. How to keep those borders open, if UK leaves Single Mkt and CU? HMG silence  
Of course, it is not inevitable that we will #Brexit! 
Today is the 20th anniversary of the Good Friday Agreement which brought peace after decades of bloodshed.Brexit threatens that settlement with the prospect of a hard Irish border.The way to safeguard it if we Brexit is for the UK to stay in the Customs Union *and* the Single Mkt 
Brexit: “Much of Northern Ireland’s success story since 1998 has been rooted in the shared benefits of the European Union. Most people in the north voted to remain in the EU, a verdict that was too quickly ignored” @guardian editorial 
Next time there's a march against brexit, should we all go dressed as fish?  Maybe then it'll get on the news?#Brexit #StopBrexit #Remain #Brexitshambles #FBPE #ABTV #WATON #rEUnion #BrexitGate #FinalSay 
Barry Gardiner: Good Friday deal 'played up' for economic reasonsHis comment are misguided, dangerous, and plain wrong.More evidence that Labour leadership are guided by ideology and not reality over #Brexit 
Agree David @db_webb, my local @UKLabour candidate makes all the right noises re the EU but I cannot lend him my vote while Mr Corbyn @jeremycorbyn makes all the wrong noises. I will not support Labour or the @Conservatives on 3rd May. Please do the same if you don't want Brexit  
More disgraceful bad mouthing of Ireland’s legitimate concerns by the British establishment. First Labour. Now the Tories. On the anniversary of #GFA its really not on #Brexit- Davis accuses Irish leader of bowing to Sinn Fein pressure 
We should not be appealing to #Leavers to change their minds, another referendum won't help.UK is a #RepresentativeDemocracy, holding a #ShowOfHands is neither #democratic nor the #BritishWay#Parliament is #sovereign and must #StopBrexit 
Norway offers to roll over UK trade agreements after Brexit  
This from one of the UK's best friends in Europe, the Danish PM, yesterday. Will Mrs May (and the Brexit zealots pushing us over the cliff) finally realise that their dream of frictionless trade with the EU after Brexit is just fantasy?  
Can't believe the New European is encouraging people to vote for pro-EU candidates rather than pro-EU parties. A vote for a Brexit supporting party is a vote for Brexit, whatever individual candidates say their views are.#abtv #VoteRemain 
Yeah I agree with you. Brexit was in part two fingers up to the elite/establishment., the "elite" The only problem being is that voters played straight into the hands of the ACTUAL elite/establishment and have made the country and themselves poorer 
ITV News-Fishermans demo-Plymouth. 1st they voted for Brexit & 2nd they should blame UKGovt & MEPs who did zilch to help when quotas agreed. (Farage attended 1 in 42 meetings & refused to vote) then UKGovt sold 50% UK quotas to foreign Fishermen. Why cant TV stations tell truth?? 
According to political circles, the match was a referendum against India. The atmosphere was so electric that the skipper, Clive Lloyd, said he felt that he was playing in the lanes of his village in West Indies”. 
"For a long time (what we got for our data)...seemed worth it. Then came the Trump campaign, Brexit, a resurgence of far-right extremism across Europe and the United States, and the widespread inability to distinguish information from disinformation..."  
Having a cup of Hard Brexit Tetley tea waiting for Arthur to arrive for 0500hrs ex-forces training. Sitting in the dark, combat flashbacks hitting me hard today, can't face the light of the bulb. I've seen terrible things. 
The first order of business for an @jkenney #AB gov't should be a referendum on independence  - #Canada clearly no longer works from ppl outside #TO 
"Michael Gove is considering a ban on the live export of animals after Brexit to help the UK become a world leader in animal welfare."#BanLiveExport #60mins 
Can the #JointSelectCommittee propose anything more substantive than that of the First Nations' referendum council?, writes Uluru delegate @tommayor11 
THERESA MAY ... YOU'RE GIVING AWAY TOO MUCH.#Brexit #Brexiteers #LeaveEU #HardBrexit 
Members of both major parties’ front benches, @BarryGardiner and @DavidDavisMP, appear determined to undermine the GFA, damage UK-Ireland relations, and put a Withdrawal Agreement in doubt.Brexit is destroying UK politics, and the UK’s credibility to the world.  
#Brexit Did these heroes who risked everything who never gave up and fought tirelessly for British freedom fight for us to live in fear and under threat every day? They fought for their children/grandchildren to be free and live without fear. What would they make of England now?  
UK considers live animal export ban post-Brexit  
Brexit: fishing, a Pyrrhic victory - the latest Commission "Notice to Stakeholders" on fisheries is highly technical, but buried in it is some seriously bad news for UK fishermen.  Farage may have to watch a lot more boats being burned...  #Brexinfo. 
And these things never ‘just happen’ coincidentally either do they ? Little wee bit more digging ... ‘the aim is for this research to be published before the referendum’ ....... #repealthe8th #repealforbetterbirth #togetherforyes #8thref 
Why can't our own PM when asked be more enthusiastic about Brexit ? It is the best thing for the survival of the United Kingdom! But she is more concerned what her social circle think of her @Jacob_Rees_Mogg 
This is another horrific example of #brexit hurting real families. We are turning into an international embarrassment. #FBPE #WATON  #FinalSay  
Brexit stupidity is an example!  
One Labour shadow minister says he agrees with the majority of Labour supporters, that we need a #FinalSay on #BrexitOne says the Good Friday Agreement is a relic, an outdated concept that's being overplayedWhich one gets fired...in a normal Labour party?  
I agree with former Northern Ireland Secretary @PeterHain:“strands of the Good Friday Agreement ....are under pressure as never before because of Brexit and the cack-handed way the Theresa May/DUP administration is handling it.” 
There was a brief time when we all thought @BarryGardiner was one of the good guys re #BrexitHow wrong we were....  
Brexit ‘Museum of Sovereignty’ to tell story of leaving the EU  
If true then this is surely wholly abhorrent and unacceptable.“AMNESTY International has warned that the government is selling off the human rights of British citizens in return for post-Brexit trade deals”.More reasons to #StopBrexit 
Euratom and the pointlessness of Brexit by the outstanding Chris Grey.  
Boris Johnson congratulates Hungary's Viktor Orban for winning an election characterised by "intimidating & xenophobic rhetoric, media bias & opaque financing".Given that the #Brexit referendum result was obtained by exactly such means, this is revolting but not surprising.  
#TheresaMay is asked yet again if she's changed her mind since campaigning with the very dishonest #Remain campaign - and once again she refuses to say she now supports #BRITISH Independence. How can we trust her to deliver #Brexit?  #BBC #SKY #LBC @ConHome 
ahem...... 
'The Commissioner said he was not arguing 4 the UK to “change its mind” & that its citizens had already decided to leave.'Sick & tired of ppl lumping us all together...only 26.5% cits voted to #Brexit & many now regret it.It ain't over don't write us off  
India is loving Brexit. ... #EmpireKarma 
the best description of Brexit ever!!!  
Public back new referendum on Brexit by 44% to 36%, shows latest @YouGov poll.And public now back #Remain over Leave by 52% to 48%, says the poll for @BestForBritain (44% to 41% including don’t knows).The public need a #FinalSay to #StopBrexit. 
On the importance of the Good Friday Agreement Barry Gardiner is wrong.On the effects of Brexit on the Good Friday Agreement Barry Gardiner is wrong.Anyone who attributes greater importance to Brexit than to peace in Ireland is wrong. Just plain wrong. 
David Davis is being deliberately disingenuous here. Anybody with slightest knowledge of Ireland knows his claim about Sinn Fein is unfounded. Actually, absurd. Almost like he is preparing for the Blame Game when inevitable collapse in #Brexit talks comes.  
May goes and talks to Løkke. And Løkke tells her what Barnier and everyone else has been telling her and the UK for months, or years even.    #Brexit  
A real pleasure to speak to @StevenEdginton for his Politics UK YouTube channel about @Jacob_Rees_Mogg, @BorisJohnson, Brexit and more - great to see a young centre-right journalist forging a platform and an audience from scratch with such energy  
I'm a Briton & I want to remain one of millions of  Britons in an independent, sovereign Country, free of the EU. I voted Brexit & I would vote Brexit again if asked to do so. I want to stay a Briton. I'm proud to be a Briton.Leaving Britain is unthinkable & isn't even an option. 
“We have to play hardball” - former Taoiseach Bertie Ahern on Ireland’s potential approach to Brexit #newsnight 
Protestors gathered at Derry-Donegal border tonight on the eve of the Good Friday Agreement's 20th anniversary. Brexit threatens this agreement. It must be protected in all its parts, this can be achieved by securing special status for the north within the EU .@RaymondMcCartn1 
Peace is a process, not an event. On  20th anniversary of the Good Friday Agreement, Labour MPs should work to defend it from a reckless Tory Brexit.  
No public money spent on the referendum, says Präsident Mariano Rajoy. VIDEO subtitles in German  
Another day, more mindless jingoism from the Telegraph. Some people don't like Brexit. Get over it.  
Some in my TL still insist there was no mandate for Brexit, or there was no decision to Brexit and the A50 notification was invalid.To me, these are generals re-fighting battles of the last war.Unless the politics change, Brexit is happening.Question is what happens next. 
Clear implication: Britain's hostility to immigration ( of which #Brexit  Is the most obvious  expression) will actually hold it back economically ...Credit Suisse demographic report: 'a serious future challenge to the UK’s financial sustainability'...  
At some stage after the referendum, regardless of outcome, we need to talk about regulating national campaigns moreso, especially when riddled with misinformation. We shouldn't be relying on private citizens to expose lies. 
Right! This is the firm that came after you and the Guardian when you started uncovering the Brexit scandal. They're the law firm for Cambridge Analytica! 
Came through immigration at Heathrow tonight a little behind British finance minister Philip Hammond. A few people in the long queue spotted him and repeatedly shouted out “Thanks for Brexit, Philip!” and then booed over and over. 
Public backs fresh referendum to have 'final say' on terms of Brexit deal  
I expect this from militant brexiteers but not a Labour front bencher. Does he think Hugh Orde, George Mitchell,  George Hamilton, the PSNI & AGS are “playing it up”? Highly irresponsible. #brexit #gfa 
Whilst I have much sympathy for the fishermen featured here, I have none for their UKIP supporters. Demonstrators did not 'clash', peaceful remainers were assaulted.Name and shame time.Brexit has wrecked Britain and it hasn't even happened yet.Please RT.#StopBrexit 
If this nuclear-grade bollocks was spouted by Mogg or Hannan, I wouldn’t be surprised. Even a change of government wouldn’t lead to new thinking. The core of British politics has been rotted by Brexit.  
I am so afraid now about what brexit is going to do to me personally now.  I have fought & fought & fought brexit will all my strength and free time.  I have marched, I have tweeted and posted ad infinitum, I speak to people whenever i get the opportunity & got a few to think. 
A present for Brexiters. Now, like your beloved Brexit itself, you can have the Irish Border as the elephant in your room.  
."We cannot allow Brexit to undermine the peace that people voted, fought & EVEN died for.Reinstating the border would be an enormous setback, returning to the “bad old days” when communities would once again be set apart.". 
Don’t let Brexit undermine Ireland’s peace | Hillary Clinton  
Utterly appalling from our trade spokesperson. Willing to sacrifice the Good Friday Agreement because the leadership (against the wishes of party) are now for hard brexit.  
So, based on my report last month and the Guardian/Red Roar reports this week, Barry Gardiner said a) Labour should be ready to vote for a Brexit deal it doesn't like and b) described the Good Friday Agreement as a "shibboleth"... all in one meeting. He denies it all, of course. 
Just taking off for Brazil and Chile, talking free trade, free markets and post-Brexit opportunities. #latinodyssey 
With the £100bn wasted on Brexit so far, we could have increased spending on the NHS by 80% this year - 80 PERCENT. Does that put the monumental folly in perspective? Please feel free to put this to Leavers @Peston @mrjamesob @faisalislam @afneil 
What #Brexit voters have brought for their children & grandchildren Hopelessness @EK_EuropeanMove @Labour4EU 
"It would appear that Gardiner’s comments are a clear breach of shadow cabinet collective responsibility on Brexit, the reason given for Owen Smith’s removal from the front bench."  
"Polls show euroscepticism has fast lost support in Denmark as the consequences of Britain’s vote for Brexit become clearer." Wait till they hear it was all a con - welcome to the laughing stock of Europe. 
spending 3 weeks on the continent is like refocusing the brain: yes, brexit is going to hurt the uk a country i made my home over 10 years ago but the fact that the majority stays stumm to what is going on and not go out and make themselves heard is worse. #lemmings 
Imagine if Owen had won the leadership election instead of the dullard Corbyn. Labour would be in government and Brexit would be being opposed.As it is we have a pointless party run by a muppet.  
Anti-migrant billboard in Hungary.Brexit Leave poster. Spot the similarities.  
I've just come back from a 'Brits in France' mtg at the Embassy. It's like they've all been programmed with a "there can be no going back" mantra. I told the Ambassador it's absolute nonsense. It's just words. EUref was advisory. The Govt can do a U-turn as #Brexit is so harmful. 
Throughout the #Brexit negotiations @BarryGardiner has demonstrated an especially poor grasp of EU structures and what is at stake for Britain. His comments on Ireland are truly appalling. Untrue and dangerous. 
In a few days, our Brexit Secretary describes a Tory Brexit as inevitable, our Foreign Secretary says we'll probably vote for it, our Int. Trade Secretary describes the GFA as "played up" for economic reasons.Not good enough, Labour people demand better. 
.@SwedishPM Stefan Löfven: "Happy to welcome PM @theresa_may to Stockholm. Good talks on Brexit, future cooperation and Salisbury. We stand united with our close friend and partner after the attack."  
Brexit protests held along the border on eve of Good Friday Agreement anniversary  
Danish PM, a key #EU ally for the #UK, makes clear that there will be MORE bureaucracy after #brexit:  So much for May's frictionless trade! #UKtoStay 
Traveling on business in Hungary. These things I took for granted will be mine no longer in a few years if we don't stop #Brexit. #StopBrexit 
Did the Swedish PM tell you how stupid and utterly crap Brexit is?  
@SadiqKhan If you don’t make this election about #Brexit, you lose my support.  There is NOTHING more important to Londoners than the economic calamity brought about by this Tory obsession which Corbyn is enabling. 
Unveiling of the new Border Communities Against Brexit sign at Killean this evening. Great crowd in attendance. Respect the remain vote. No border in Ireland. #Brexit #border #EuropeanUnion 
WATCH: Appeaser Theresa Refuses to Say She Backs Brexit 
I was shocked when JMcD at 4am ish on EUref results morning, he was behind the studio props looking back at the guests digesting the nations calamity unfolding said 'JC would like this'. I said to myself, no wonder its 52 to 48 he was Brexit/kipper all along.  
UKIP (the crazy wing of the Conservative party) is wrong: British fishing answers to Westminster not Brussels. #Brexiteers cry betrayal over UK fishing but they peddle glaring myths about foreign boats & quotas.#Brexit #FishingForLeave #WontReadCantRead 
Britain Still Backs Brexit 52% V 48%  
Dear @theresa_may I keep hearing you say that the public just "want us to get on with it" when it comes to #Brexit.Well you don't speak for me and I voted leave!We should really call this whole thing off but failing that a #FinalSayForAll is a must.Don't lead us to ruin. 
Sorry I  can’t be at tonight’s protest as I’m in Brussels fighting Brexit and ensuring the GFA is protected but solidarity to BCAB’ GFA exhibition tomorrow - will post you more info in the morning  
I’m not sure “Brexit can’t be any worse than those times millions died and entire cities were bombed flat” is really the strongest recommendation, Ken.  
Yet the vast majority of voting Hungarians voted for him. What's your message to them Chuka? Is there something wrong with them in your view? Exactly why Labour can't be trusted to build bridges post #Brexit  
A dozen people turn up at this anti Brexit event in Brighton.  It’s over, guys.  
Powerfully written blog post by the owner of a small manufacturing business: Why Brexit Will Devastate U.K. Manufacturers: A Rare Treat to Boring Facts  
#FARAGE Joins Fishing Boat-Burning Protest Against May’s Brexit Betrayal!  Why is ineffectual May still in office?     #fo2eu 
."May, who backed remaining in the EU, AGAIN refused to say whether she had changed her mind about Brexit when challenged by a Danish journalist.". 
So Farage is at a flag burning now. Is the penny dropping? It won’t end here, it won’t end with Brexit. What will it take for the population to reject this? #fbpe 
Tory supporters of #Brexit should note Margaret Thatcher's words. "The late Lord Attlee was right when he said that the referendum was a device of dictators and demagogues." The unfolding of Brexit has proven Attlee and Thatcher all too right.#StopBrexit #FBPE #ABTV 
I would like to take this opportunity to congratulate #ViktorOrban on his victory in the Hungarian General Election. Now he can now start to organise an even stronger opposition to the EU  #hungaryelections #TurningRight #NigelFarage #Brexit  
Nigel Farage - "The Government has said that when we leave the EU on March 29 next year, nothing changes for at least 21 months."The fishing industry and coastal communities who voted overwhelmingly for #Brexit feel very badly let down."  
May's post-Brexit trade plan with EU dealt blow by key ally.More bureaucracy will be part of price tag for UK leaving single market, says Danish PM.“That is the reality of life. There will be more bureaucracy in future, unfortunately.”Oh bugger.  
It's a pity that Corbyn's "respect" for democracy, which extends to "respecting" a flawed and now fully discredited referendum result, doesn't extend to embracing the antipathy to Brexit expressed by the majority of Labour's members, voters and MPs.cc @jeremycorbyn 
Public backs fresh referendum to have 'final say' on terms of Brexit deal  
May's post-Brexit trade plan with EU dealt blow by key ally  
I'm catalan born & my mother tongue is catalan. I published a book in catalan. And, no, nationalists forced a referendum against the law & againts the will of us,  non separatists catalans. Don't buy this separatist shit , please.  
Cuts have consequences. Today @jeremycorbyn and I set out how the local elections on May 3rd will be a referendum on a Tory government that has been desperately weak on crime - and even weaker on the causes of crime. #VoteLabour 
Brexit is a bit like refusing to pay a £500 a month mortgage, and instead, deciding to repay a £500,000 lump sum, then going to live in a field while boasting about how much money you've saved, and that you're no longer controlled by a roof over your head and friendly neighbours. 
Could the UK be prepared to prevent the citizens from fighting back against the Government, because they are going to be resending Brexit?   
Brexiters who admire Churchill should note that he was a passionate advocate of a United States of Europe, and that in the early 1960s he supported UK membership of the EEC. #StopBrexit #Brexit #FBPE 
Dear @ConservativesIt doesn’t matter how much soft focus you put on Theresa May in your party political broadcasts, it’s crystal clear to most people that the country is in a dreadful state after 8 years of Tory nonsense.#Brexit #NHS #Austerity #HateCrime #Xenophobia 
Imagine the Brexiter outrage if Remain had won with 52%, and then Remainers wanted a Hard Remain with EU superstate integration, Schengen, Euro currency, EU army - while paying £50 billion to obtain this.#Brexit 
EU negotiators to offer every Brit the chance to remain an EU citizen after Brexit  
British fishermen protesting the #Brexit transition deal ended their coordinated demonstration yesterday by setting a boat named ‘Thereason May’ aflame.  
Finishing off a fascinating day visiting @EFTA_Court & #EuropeanCourtofJustice in #Luxembourg by being interviewed by Swiss Broadcasting Corp about #Brexit & #ScotlandsPlaceInEurope #FBPE 
“They voted against our rights”: Will EU citizens punish Labour in the local elections?@emmyzen @The3Million#StopBrexit #VoteEU #ABTV #Brexit 
The majority of the country want to Remain in the EU, latest poll shows.Reversal of referendum with 52% of people now #Remain (ex don’t knows), says @YouGov poll for @BestForBritain.The public now back a #FinalSay vote. We need a choice to #StopBrexit. 
The best way of getting rid of the Tories is to get rid of Brexit as fast as possible, it would utterly shatter the Tory party, it would be defeated, broken and ripped apart by bitter internal conflicts. #StopBrexit #Brexit #VoteEU #ABTV 
165% increase in Brits becoming citizens of other EU countries after Brexit voteA vote of no confidence in government’s Brexit plans and a threat to the economy if young, skilled people make use of their new nationality to emigrate via @YahooFinanceUK 
A pro-transgender voter referendum in a traditionally red state. Narrow margain aside, that's about the best measure of public opinion turning pro-trans I've ever seen! Thank you, Alaska. May other states live by your example.  
Guy Verhofstadt - "Eurosceptics are not wrong when they criticise the EU. When they say that the EU is not working at all or that it’s working badly, they are right." #Brexit  
No Irish border alternative as of now from the U.K. during Brexit negotiations, officials say  
After the crash  - the economy of the North East shrank by 2%. After #brexit it will shrink by 16%. If you care one iota for the poor or the people of this region, you would be on that - not soundbites to preserve your career. #Stopbrexit#ABTV#FinalSay 
People were buying without seeing the goods when they voted Brexit. Now they see that the goods are nothing like as described, they have a right to change their minds. It’s ridiculous and undemocratic to suggest otherwise. #FinalSay  
Can #TheresaMay and the #Brexit-ers finally get their heads around the idea that if you are foolish enough to leave the Single Market, you lose the benefits of the Single Market?  
Happy to welcome PM @theresa_may to Stockholm. Good talks on Brexit, future cooperation and Salisbury. We stand united with our close friend and partner after the attack.  
This is such a desperate tweet. Why is a member of @LibDems trying to reinforce this narrow view of our political system? @theSNP @Plaid_Cymru and @TheGreenParty all fighting Brexit too  
Whistable yesterday. A small number of #StopBrexit campaigners left the bubble and attended a Leave means Leave protest against the government  policy on Brexit. Some Fisherman were angry and upset. Understandable.The reaction from the Ukip fraternity to us though was shocking.  
EU finally waking up to fact UK will become EU’s largest single customer post Brexit; one which it enjoys a massive £75 goods deficit with. Also EU Leaders get free trade deals like Canada’s - the U.K. is just a SuperCanada deal  
SPARK campaign after discussions has decided to take a position in the upcoming Referendum. We will support a vote YES to repeal the eight amendment by removing article 40.3.3...  
I am increasingly persuaded that the Scottish Government should take the decisive step of declaring the intention to dissolve the Union and seek ratification of this measure in a referendum. #Referendum2018 
A Labour MP appears on a Russian TV station to rubbish our Government; a former British Prime Minister appeals to Germany to wreck his own nation's democratic Brexit vote and a foreign billionaire uses his money to get courts to reverse our will. What dishonourable  people. 
.@Andrew_Adonis has taken some flak for his recent assault on the BBC’s poor# Brexit coverage. The greater risk is that pro-Europeans do nothing, the pressure is one-sided and the #BBC is increasingly captured by the Brexiters 
Anybody out there heard of any tangible benefits, for ordinary folk, that will come out of #Brexit. What with the government spending billions on it and chucking jobs, lives and the economy down the pan, I thought there might be something wonderful for everyone to look forward to 
*** SPARK Statement on the upcoming referendum ***After careful consideration, SPARK has issued a statement that we feel is inclusive and respectful of the opinions of all our members and is the closest we can get to reflecting our collective view. 
Frankly, it's irresponsible to even *think* of calling an independence referendum until we've built a time machine and used it to check that we're definitely going to win.  #Pragmatism #Science 
A week today, I will officially become a German citizen, my family's right to nationhood restored. For those who don't know the story: In another year's time, my family's 'right' to call themselves #EU citizens will be removed. #waton #fbpe #brexit  
Brussels now accepts the Brexit reality. So why do some Remainers cling to mutinous fantasies? 
Danish prime minister tells Theresa May Brexit will cause more bureaucracy and has a 'price tag'  
Oooops! There goes the last stand...Britain is surrendering it's bluster as reality sets in. Now tell me again about taking back control, how's that working for you #brexit bunnies?  
Brexit was meant to "take back control". Instead, it's creating more bureaucracy  
More Brits want second #Brexit vote as EU official forecasts difficult transition for UK  
BREXIT: Theresa May left embarrassed by EU ally's warning to her face about Brexit  /#EU #Brexit  
“We are seeing a Brexidous of people giving up their passports & rushing to take citizenship in EU countries as #Brexit draws near” Paul Butters, a spokesperson for the pro-EU Best for Britain campaign said.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Former US Senator George Mitchell says history will judge the Brexit vote to be an ‘unwise decision’  
Brexit: winning the political, social and economic equivalent of the Darwin Awards for a generation... the utterly shabby tragedy of it is laid bare here.  
Supporters of the second referendum on the UK's EU membership are now 8 % ahead of its opponents the latest poll conducted by Best for Britain claims:  
In Oslo, Norway  with @CommonsBEIS to discuss Brexit & business and learn about their world-leading approach to electric vehicles and carbon capture. Beautiful city.  
Nobody buys/sells house unless its ‘Subject2Contract-Nobody goes ahead if survey reveals serious problems-Brexit should be no different. If final Brexit deal is bad Parliament &/or the people should be able to say NO Would you move home without knowing state of your next home? 
Billionaire insider George Soros has donated another £400,000 to an anti-Brexit campaign group:  
Facebook has suspended the Canadian data company linked to Cambridge Analytica that worked on the Brexit Vote Leave campaign, The Guardian reports.  
Searching for Aggregate IQ: What role did it play in Brexit?  
It’s exciting how Brexit means we’re having to turn our back on those that share our values and kowtow to those who don’t. #SoProud 
As I reflect on the #GFA20, it brings me to the day of the referendum in May 1998. I brought my Granda to the polling station, a lifelong Republican, who had been interned for 6 years in Derry Gaol during WW2. He had never voted before but he said Yes. That was the spirit then. 
This shocking poll shows that either the British people are unaware of what having a border on the Island of Ireland could mean or they are aware but are ready to risk it because they believe in Global Britain notion. #Brexit  
Imagine the Brexit battle there would be if @OwenSmith_MP was leading the Labour Party. Pity that members seem to prefer singing White Stripes songs to fighting the right-wing Brexit coup that will make the poor even poorer.....  
Brexit Britain to the Commonwealth:"We want your trade, but not your people. In fact, we don't even want those we already have and have contributed to the UK for decades..." They just don't get the concept of indivisible freedoms.. 
Labour voters and members back new Brexit referendum, poll finds.An overwhelming 82% of Labour members – and 81% of Labour voters – would back a new referendum, research carried about by Labour Future found.The public need a #FinalSay to #StopBrexit. 
The new Brexit British foreign policy - in fewer than 280Characters #footinmouth 
That sums up Brexit - it's a national bowel movement. 
A "referendum" called by a parliament that had no powers to do so, against several court orders, by parties representing 47% of voters.  
Want to stop the hate unleashed by Brexit? Want to send a clear message that we are tolerant, law-abiding, humane and progressive?  #StopBrexit #ABTV No soft Brexit. No best-possible Brexit. No Brexit.  
STEPHEN GLOVER: Has Tony Blair lost his marbles? That can be the only explanation for his delusional (and treacherous) plea to Germany to stop Brexit 
Brexit Islands Friends:Trump, Duterte, Saudi Prince, and now: Hungarian Fascists.Brexit Island Foes:Sweden. Germany, Finland, The Netherlands, Denmark. France. Belgium. Spain.This makes me sick to the stomach. We need an #EmergencyAlliance 
Brussels now accepts the Brexit reality. So why do some Remainers cling to mutinous fantasies?      
Credit Suisse #Brexit report: "The takeaway here is that if your priority is economic growth and low unemployment, then everything UKIP and the Conservatives have been saying about immigration has turned out to be totally wrong."   
The second Scottish independence referendum which has Scot Parliament mandate should be held .. 
WATCH | Theresa May is asked yet again if she's changed her mind since campaigning with the very dishonest Remain campaign - and once again she refuses to say she now supports national independence.How can we trust her to deliver Brexit?Support us at  
The Referendum vote was unsafe and tampered with. Brexit is damaging our country.Suspend it pending full inquiry.We need the full facts before we have a democratic#finalsay 
Thankyou. I fail still to understand why since the ADVISORY referendum result the BBC Along with all the MSM ASSUMED it was binding. I continue to believe it was criminally negligent to trigger Article50 with no plan whatsoever not much knowledge and definitely NO due diligence 
Tony Blair has warned Brexit is “bound” to cause problems in Ireland.  
Furious fishermen set a fishing boat and EU flags alight as they took part in a protest against continued membership of the disastrous Common Fisheries Policy:  #Brexit 
Maybe we'll have to listen to the fact that you've sent this on @SkyNews or @Channel4News as they seem to be giving wider coverage of the #Brexit options & undertaking far more thorough investigative journalism & balanced interviewing if #CambridgeAnalytica is anything to go by. 
Public backs fresh referendum to have 'final say' on terms of Brexit deal, new poll finds  
Some argue Thatcher was pro-EU, but here is a speech she gave in 1995 setting out why a free, independent Britain is not compatible with a federalist, super-state EU. Juncker and Barnier wouldn't stand a chance if she were negotiating for Britain! #Brexit  
EU Commission sets out some of the red tape facing fishermen on both sides of the Channel in the event of a no deal Brexit. No fish could be sold without a catch certificate. UK organic certification no longer valid. Industry bodies based in the UK would lose their recognition.  
.@ChukaUmunna – May’s comments show why so many reject Brexit options  
Rightwing millionaires coaxing fishermen into literally setting fire to their livelihoods is just too perfect a Brexit metaphor. 
Great article, Ian.This morning I spoke with a liberal Hungarian friend who lives in London. We discussed how, 10 years ago, we didn’t see this coming in Hungary. Yes, Orbán was a concern, but now it’s a political horror show.“The same is happening here with Brexit” she said. 
'Brexit: Negotiating the Negotiations' | RTE's Europe Editor @tconnellyRTE will deliver this month's Jean Monnet lecture @UCC | 4pm Thursday 12 April in ORBG27 | All welcome pic.twitter.com/ug9RbznqcG 
One of the most depressing things is watching liberals have their protracted & self-indulgent crisis of confidence since the referendum. 
This is terrible. Families impacted by #Brexit & issue of child rights @Jude_KD @BrexpatsHOV is looking into child rights at moment & collecting studies. So disgusting when those involved worked hard for their country   
This Wednesday, April 11th. 7:30pm. Clontarf Castle, Dublin, I'll be speaking on the forthcoming Irish Abortion referendum. #SaveThe8th #LoveBoth #JoinTheRebellion 
The far-right are attacking our democracy in Hungary, #Brexit Britain, the USA and in many other countries. This is now a battle to save democracy from its enemies#FBPE #StopBrexit #Brexit  
"But the EUref was politically binding as Cameron was on record saying the result would be implement either way."He had no authority to say that which is why #GinaMiller went to Court and the Supreme Court ruled that only Parliament had  say in constitutional matters.#Brexit  
BREXIT: Billionaire George Soros Has Donated Another £400,000 To An Anti-Brexit Campaign Group /#EU #Brexit  
Ps I work for the Govt, and all my time is spent on Brexit working directly with almost all the key Brexit players - the Govt are clueless and/or hiding how bad it wil be 
Bloody EU, putting an end to currency conversion ‘scams’.If I want to go on holiday and get ripped off with unfair currency conversions, that’s my bloody business. I hate saving money. Brexit now!   
Accenture, Capgemini, Deloitte creating app to register 3m EU nationals living in Brexit BritainGreat, now we just need to agree the policy 
Ofcom has finally slapped down the BBC# for not challenging Lord Lawson# when he lied about climate change. Will the BBC now admit that Lawson and other Eurosceptics have repeatedly lied about Brexit?   
.@BorisJohnson congratulating xenophobic antisemitic islamophobic  hatemonger @ViktorOrban is as bad as @realDonaldTrump & @JunckerEU congratulating Putin. This is where #Brexit is pushing #ToryBrexitgovt: desperate for pals, however distasteful. Sadly, it shames all Brits 
Nearly 90% of city bosses say London will remain the European capital of financial services after Brexit! 
My vote was misconstrued at the last general election,as a vote for a Brexit party,that won't happen again. I voted Labour b'c @Keir_Starmer's 6 tests led me to believe Labour would stop Brexit if tests were not met.I now see Labour is for Brexit so cannot vote for them #ABTV 
No matter how much I wish us to remain in the EU, the numbers suggest that Britain is still cut right down the middle by the referendum and until you can change those numbers significantly for those who wish to remain,  Brexit will come to pass.  
WATCH: May Again Fails to Say She Now Supports Brexit  
Public backs fresh referendum to have 'final say' on terms of Brexit deal, new poll finds.MPs urged to respond to polls showing that most people want a #FinalSay - and most would now vote #Remain. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
On the day @BestForBritain confirm an 8% lead for a #FinalSay referendum across the country, a reminder that more than 4 in 5 Labour voters want that vote to happen. Join @Remain_Labour and help us make sure the wishes of Labour voters become party policy. 
#Vegan actor @Evy_Lynch and animal #activist @rickygervais push for UK #FoieGrasBan. The actors aim to ban imports of the cruel food post-Brexit  
I didn’t vote for Article 50 and I will not be voting for Brexit later this year. I do not vote to make my constituents worse off. 
Nobody buys or sells a house unless it’s ‘Subject to Contract’ Nobody goes ahead if the survey reveals serious problems #Brexit should be no different. If the final Brexit deal turns out to be terrible, we should be able to say ‘No!’ See all our posters at  
Anyone who thinks that by voting against Labour in May's Local Elections to try to alter #Brexit is just harming vulnerable people b/c this won't prevent the pattern of withdrawal from Europe -only coming up with a New Deal for the people will and Remain won't ever do that. 
Table of Contents for my book, published in a couple of months, Race and the Undeserving Poor: From Abolition to Brexit 
The OSCE says the elections were extremely problematic. But Hungary is one of very few friends Brexit Britain has in the EU...  
To those fisherman in the Scottish coastal areas who voted #Tory or for #Brexit - this is what ppl down south really think of your industry. Some of the comment underneath is worse. Talk about turkeys voting for Xmas  
A draft Brexit deal will effectively keep Britain bound by the Common Fisheries Policy until the transition ends, causing @fishingforleave to launch protests in ports around the country 
Prime Minister Stefan Löfven receives UK’s Prime Minister Theresa May today to discuss issues concerning cooperation between the UK and Sweden, Brexit and the aftermath of the nerve agent attack in Salisbury. More information canbe found here  #UK #Sweden 
As support for a #FinalSay on the #Brexit deal grows, we renew our call for a People's Poll with the option to stay in the EU.  
BREXIT - The Biggest Con-Job This Country Has Ever Seen /#EU #Brexit #StopBrexit #FinalSay 
“When asked if she feared that the Yes side in the referendum will be outspent by the No side, she said: “It is not up for us to be adding up what the other side is doing. We are more focused on what we are doing.” - @ailbhes 
The British electorate voted against electoral reform, for a Tory government and for #brexit. This country has exactly what it deserves. Ministers are emboldened, have no shame nor fear. Twitter outrage won't change a thing when it's the general public that is the problem. 
Brussels now accepts the Brexit reality. So why do some Remainers cling to mutinous fantasies? asks @asabenn 
Chances are post-Brexit you’ll be shopping blind, unable to avoid #GMO produce  Trade deal with Trump means cloned, genetically modified, drugged and injected food 
Absolutely bricking it at the liklihood of another independence referendum?  
Quick fact-check for you Tim:1. Capital already in flight (Brexit)2. VAT was already hiked (income tax slashed, but then why austerity?)3. £ already devalued (Brexit again)4. Police and schools already collapsing5. NHS already in full crisis This is life under the Tories.  
Soros Has Donated Another £400,000 To An Anti-Brexit Campaign Group.............. and it still won't make any difference. 
.@Nigel_Farage and the fishermen: Boat-burning protest accuses @theresa_may of ‘treason’ over #Brexit (VIDEO)  
Well, that would join a lot of dots . . .“the Kremlin, and elements of the Russian Mafia and oligarchs that Putin represents, have deliberately funded extreme right wing and Eurosceptic causes in order to weaken the European Union”. #Brexit 
Thank you too, you managed to keep the Conservatives in power despite the worst electoral campaign in recent history and Brexit.Truly, Momentum do brilliant work for the Conservatives.  
Friends! *My* petition is better!With over 14 billion signatures - many of them mine - it says:'Declare the 2016 referendum vote null and void due to the LYING bus/Cambridge Analytica/Putin/whatever reason we Remainers have just dreamt up.'Talk about the Will of the People!  
EU leaders have accepted that UK will not cancel Brexit. Could he explain that to Tony Blair please.  
This entire impeachment debate is a DC construct that GOP strategists pitch to reporters with the hope of dividing Democrats. Don’t give them the satisfaction. If GOP candidates in tough races want to make ‘18 a referendum on a president with abysmal approval ratings, have at it! 
The just-published @EU_Commission preparedness document for what happens to fishing if there's no #Brexit deal  
Britons rushed for EU passports in Brexit vote year: data  
We have truly gone down the rabbit hole into a Wonderland of fallacies & false premises. Gov't maintains by fair means or foul the delusion that the referendum was the decision. Brexit is a house of cards, only believed because unthinkable Govt would do something so outrageous.  
Highlights from Open Britain's 52 Brexit Impacts list. A significantly worse economyHigher prices in the shopsThe poorest regions hit hardestPointless renegotiation of nearly a thousand international treatiesAll delivered at huge financial costAll of it unnecessary  
Now @Ofcom has ruled against BBC for its deplorable coverage of Lord Lawson‘s climate change denial, I will be asking it to do same on the BBC’s equally deplorable reporting of Brexit facts where it has become the #BrexitBroadcastingCorporation 
The allegations of overspending and corruption surrounding Vote Leave’s campaign are a good enough reason to declare the 2016 referendum void, argues Ewan McGaughey and explains the relevant law. #Brexit  via @LSEpoliticsblog 
I VERY much suspect the "huge amount of work" behind @AmberRuddHR 's big new Serious Violence Strategy is as real as David Davis' "detailed sector assessments" about impact of Brexit were... That is, not real at all... 
This is indeed a massive result on the Labour Big Brexit Survey.So many reasons for @UKLabour to shift position and back a final say for the people on a deal, and to back staying and leading the EU 
I uploaded this on a (visa-free) bus to Brussels, using mobile data (no roaming charges) while on my way to take part in an event at the European Parliament representing the interests of the British people.How much of what I just said does Brexit affect? 
Theresa May embroiled in growing row over NHS for sale in post Brexit US trade deal  via @LondonEconomic 
Some of the coverage of Best for Britain poll on 2nd referendum is just openly misleading. As John Curtice points out, there were 2 questions with 2 different answers.. here they are #Brexit #EU 
Except, Gina, the millions of people in the regions affected by our political and economic stagnation who voted for Brexit, they are real people too and their lives matter equally. Moreover, the NI settlement was already crumbling irrespective of Brexit.  
I am from Hungary and 100% agree. It is scary the rise of the far right in central/Eastern Europe . We need a sober voice from the UK in the EU together with the Scandinavian countries France and Germany to change harts and minds in Eastern Europe. I am really sad because Brexit 
'Failure to hold a new independence referendum would be catastrophic, not only for the electoral fortunes of the SNP, but for the status and authority of the Scottish Parliament.'@BerthanPete 
“The price of [Brexit] is going to severely damage the prospects of a generation." Pret A Manger’s owner on selling a ‘British institution’  via @financialtimes 
Remainer says we need a second referendum because of Trump - despite Obama saying Britain was at 'the back of the queue'  
#ViktorOrbán's huge election success is more proof that the peoples of #Europe are sick of the #EU & their disastrous #migration policies. He's more popular than ever after standing up to the dimwits in #Brussels  - keep fighting, #Viktor! #BBC #LBC @LBC #SKY #UK #BREXIT  
The EU has finally accepted that Britain will not be changing its mind on Brexit  
Poll by YouGov shows majority of Brits support idea of 2nd ref on final Brexit deal secured by Theresa May. With her calendar already full of Brexit-related negotiations, it is unlikely May will give into demands for another vote.'HOW ABOUT RESPECTING THE WILL OF THE PEOPLE! 
Fact:  independence support not risen since 2014. Fact: we do not have essential details of Brexit treaty. Until we do, and study carefully, we cannot deploy new case for independence. #indyref2 
“100K net migr target will be ditched..those who thought they ‘were taking back control’ by voting to leave the EU will be kept in the dark..those who backed Brexit could be forgiven for railing against yet another broken promise.”Will probably blame EU  
Business insiders concluding that the post- #brexit #TradeDeal s  promised by Fox and other #Brexiteers are illusory: 
“The EU has never been about business & economics.It has from its inception from the Treaty of Rome in 1957 been a political project to form a united Europe as an alternative to the United States & that project is now on the road to failure.”#Brexit #EU 
A tweet about Millwall players being mainly English, who obviously know the English style and culture of the game better than foreign players who have just come over to this country. Has turned into I'm a mad Brexit supporter who hates immigrants.  
44% to 36% now favour a "referendum on the details of the deal that the prime minister must strike by the autumn on both the planned transition period and the 'framework' for a permanent trade and security relationship."#FBPE #ABTV 
Many young Eastern Europeans feel they belong in the UK- but their sense of national belonging has been disrupted by #Brexit- this & other findings in our second briefing available now:  and to be launched at #britsoc18 @ESRC @The3Million @MigrantVoiceUK RT 
Nigel Farage has won four elections as an MEP, it was the anti-Brexit Lord @Andrew_Adonis who had to be given “a platform he otherwise would not have had” when Blair handed him a seat in the House of Lords by virtue of a life peerage in 2005, says @isaby 
Just found a flyer in my letterbox for my local @UKLabour candidate for the May 3rd Council Elections. Seem a nice chap.  Shame his Party supports #Brexit so I will be voting for the #GreenParty candidate#ABTV#Remain #StopBrexit #bbcnews #itvnews #channel4news#SCL #CA 
Brexit is just one massive heckle and the hecklers won. Now they have got to do the job of the comedian they destroyed.  
Researchers based in the UK have won 66 of 269 European Research Council 2018 awards, followed by Germany (42) and France (34), which shows the strength of UK science - UK could commit to remaining in this science project after #Brexit, but hasn't done so! 
.@lara_spirit bossing it on Sky !  Trump's tariffs and Russia's assassinations mean we live in a different world.. Brexit now a clear danger  
Polling we've commissioned shows 44% of the British public now want a #finalsay on the Brexit deal, an 8pt lead over those opposed. Read more here >>>  
Has Tony #Blair lost his marbles? That can be the only explanation for his delusional (and treacherous) plea to #Germany to stop #Brexit:  by Stephen Glover in @MailOnline #StopBlair 
Ofcom censures BBC #r4today for allowing Nigel Lawson to spout nonsense about climate change unchallenged.Of course, Lord Lawson & other #Brexit snake-oil salesmen are also often heard spouting unchallenged nonsense about the wonders of Brexit on the BBC.  
Tony Blair calls on Angela Merkel to do ‘everything possible’ to stop Brexit. It is high time that Mr Blair accepted the result of the referendum and stopped working to undermine it.  
Sir Tristram de Brexit, violer d'amores, fr'over the snot-green Eire sea says he, had referended up here from Uplands Sunny on this side the scraggyisthmus of Britannia Minor to retwitterate his pencilpointless war 
We need broad-based intervention. Election observers from the Middle East, a Latin American peacekeeping mission. Food aid from Africa. And a South Asian-produced fundraising song along the lines of 'Do they know its Brexit?'  
#5things -Sewing up at Deutsche Bank-China looks to yuan-Markets rise-Brexit II-Huge week for commodities  
Video: Nigel Farage thanking Steve Bannon and Breitbart Media for Brexit:  
If you're worried by Brexit:When things go wrong as they sometimes willWhen the road youre trudging seems all uphillWhen the funds are low and the debts are highAnd you want to smile but you have to sighWhen care is pressing you down a bitRest if you must but dont you quit. 
.@John_Mills_JML: Most people accept the referendum result and want Britain to get on with Brexit, and negotiate the best deal they can with the EU  
Workings: Govt's own figures for cost of Brexit () and average police salary in London  (). 
Apart from that, on a human dignity level, EU citizens living in Scotland should not be living with such uncertainty and anxiety. It is cruel. The entire Brexit shambles is cause enough for elected Scottish representatives to dissolve the Union and seek UN recognition. 
Question: Has the UK government staged the russian chemical attack to defer the Brexit tasks and call for more unity with europe ? 
Next up, Biased Brexit News... #r4today 
.@Together4yes say it has raised €170,000 over the last few weeks and it aims is to raise half a million euro for the referendum campaign @rtenews @rtepolitics 
Searching for Aggregate IQ: What role did it play in Brexit?  
CRACKERS: Tony Blair wants Angela Merkel & Germany to try and stop Brexit. “Germany should do everything possible to keep the UK in the EU.”No thanks.  
If the Brexit vote was fraudulent because of Leave’s overspending, then the result is legally void, and Article 50 can be revoked.  via @LSEpoliticsblog 
I'll be in Oldham 7:30pm on Wednesday at the Honeywell Centre. Keen to hear as many different views on Brexit as possible  
This lady on @SkyNews says we need a 2nd referendum because Trump is now President not Obama so we won't get a trade deal. Trump wants a deal. Obama said we would be back of the queue. Where do they find these people? 
Taking stock of where we stand in relation to #Brexit, with less than 1 year to go and the clock ticking - my speech to @DCU_Brexit_Inst event @ @IrelandRepBru:  
MUST-READ: the British public backs a fresh referendum to have 'final say' on terms of Brexit deal, new poll by @BestForBritain finds. Please RT: 
Project Fear predicted 500,000 people would lose their job after the Referendum, yet unemployment is at its lowest rate since 1975! 
Brilliant piece from @nick_clegg on why MPs should vote with their conscience and consider the national interest when voting on the Brexit deal:  
. @Together4yes launch their poster campaign ahead of the Eighth Amendment referendum in Dublin city centre #iestaff via @Elaine_Loughlin 
.@Together4yes launches its poster campaign for upcoming referendum on the #8 amendment @rtepolitics @rtenews 
*Protest!Protest!!Protest!!!*  *IPOB* in South Africa will hit the street of Johannesburg on 11th April 2018 being WEDNESDAY  to inform people about our coming *REFERENDUM*  #IPOB #NnamdiKanu #SupportBiafraReferendum #BiafraExit #RecognizeBiafra #StopBiafrakillings. 
Things are going wrong but people aren’t yet seeing it’s because Govt hasn’t the time to attend to them and Brexit.   
The British State is walking Scotland into a trap !In 3 years time, Scotland will be swallowed by the Union with no avenues open to escape. Won't even be allowed a legal referendum...just watch...Or call ScotRef & win. That simple 
We should start using the word "Mumsnet" like we use "Terrible", "Pointless" or "Brexit' i.e. "Oh my goodness that's absolutely Mumsnet" when something is irrevocably shite 
In just under 52 weeks, the UK is scheduled to leave the EU. Here are #52brexitfacts to highlight all the ‘good’ it’s done for us. No1. We have gone from being the fastest growing economy in the G7, before the #Brexit vote, to the slowest growing.  
It's a pity our politicians don't do more to recognise the closeness of the referendum. Had Remain won 52-48 the correct message would have been "we stay in but people are not happy and reform is needed". As it is, Leave won 52-48 and the msg is "we're out- screw the rest of you" 
We’re looking for your views on Scottish brands and exports after Brexit.  
Every day until the anniversary of the Brexit vote on 23/6 we will be posting a picture from the #MarchForEurope  There are too many people from all across Scotland who came demanding #DemocracyOnBrexit, and they cannot be forgotten or ignored #AlwaysEuropean  
If we are to tolerate a Government fixated 24/7 with Brexit, we must accept, too, that it will be inevitable things will start to fall apart: the NHS, knife crime, the economy, schools, infrastructure projects etc can only be dealt with now cursorily 
Properly funded childcare Or BrexitYou cannot have both.Send @UKLabour and @Conservatives a clear message on 3rd May, that you want no Brexit.  
Some Tory politicians claim that people were well-informed before the #Brexit vote. They won't. They were radically misinformed on some of the main issues, massively to the advantage of #Leave.A vote based on misinformation is scarcely democratic. #StopBrexit #VoteEU 
Watch my newest interview with @wallaceme. Will Mogg run? Who will be next leader? How is Britain doing behind the scenes in Brexit? What is going on with Owen Jones? Find out here...  
The public backs a vote on the Brexit deal by an 8 point margin, as revealed in a new @YouGov poll. As facts emerge, and Brexit strays further from what was promised, the public must be put back in control.  
This new poll reflects the anecdotal evidence of my post bag, and what I’m hearing from my constituents: the true costs of Brexit are becoming clear and people increasingly want a ‘final say’ on the deal   
@blairmcdougall  in 2014 you commissioned a company to send 300,000 text messages to Referendum Voters in Scotland, in order to sway their voting intentionsWhere did the data that their numbers were  mined from  come? The people have a right to know!   
44% of people want a fresh referendum on the final Brexit deal  
Ireland’s EU Commissioner cannot imagine any circumstances where U.K. will #StopBrexit. Must be watching @BBCNews. Let’s introduce him to #FBPE & show him he is wrong.  #Remain #FinalSay #remainernow #WATON #StopBrexitSaveBritain #GreatNorthernMarch #Brexit 
The situation in #Burundi remains tense, with a number of arbitrary arrests, abductions and killings occurring. Many of the cases are constitutional referendum related crimes. Meanwhile, neigbouring countries are beginning to push…  
Labour Party’s stock response to any anti Brexit, centrist challenge to Corbyn, is to dismiss it because they’re successful or rich, as if that in itself is an proof of moral turpitude.  It propagates the myth that they alone are the champions of an impotent, noble poor. 
Jesus wept, plenty of us on 'the Labour left' have been discussing this idea for ages. We hardly need help from The Brexit Doer.  
Financial services bosses back the City to remain Europe's hub after Brexit  
In a tweet.Challenge out of time.A referendum, 2 dedicated Acts of Parliament, Supreme Court decision & PM's notification together enough to meet A50(1) "constitutional requirements".Even if case wins, quickly cured by urgent legislation.So imo A50 challenge has no merit.  
Watch Chris Wylie stand up to Marr who apparently has orders from the top of @BBC to not cover the VoteLeave scandal or be combative on it.  Chris insisted on making his point that the referendum was deeply flawed in many ways (and he is a Leaver).  
New post: The complete failure of the Brexit project    
1. There is nothing to prevent national ownership of services under EU law ..Far Left myth to justify #Brexit. 
Where did he get the idea that the world is globalising? It is deglobalising. Consider Brexit, Trump, growth of RW parties across Europe, even in Nordic areas. The world is shrinking back - maybe temporarily -  to old identities as insecurities grow everywhere 
Britain Still Backs Brexit 52% V 48%  
If Corbyn supporters want #FBPE people like me to stop attacking JC, all they have to do is persuade him to start opposing #Brexit. Simples!#StopBrexit #ABTV 
Got questions about #8thref and the law? Check out  where we aim to provide straightforward, clear answers to all your questions about the law as it is now, the referendum, and the proposed new law. 
Devolution could be undone by Brexit, warns Institute for Government   
BIG news that 44% of UK voters want a second referendum actually only involved 358 people having that opinion.   
Public backs fresh #referendum to have #FinalSay on terms of #Brexit #Deal 
New figures have revealed that homophobic, religious and race hate crimes on public transport are soaring. The Brexit vote is listed as a major factor! The gift that keeps on giving #StopBrexit #r4today 
UK has no democratic mandate for Brexit says #CambridgeAnalytica Leaver Chris Wylie so needs a vote 
Former commodities trader Farage and offshore tax supremo Rees-Mogg persuade fishers to burn their own boatsYou could not get a better symbolic demonstration of the Brexit scam 
Kicking off your Monday with some good news: Best for Britain poll shows that the public back a #FinalSay on the final Brexit deal! Come on, let’s have a #PeoplesVote  
So, with Brexit we're meant to be shipping in Aussie hormone-treated beef right around the globe, instead of supporting local British beef. On top of this... how is this a smart option for global efforts on emissions reductions?  
The public back a new Brexit referendum by 44% to 36%, YouGov poll for Best for Britain shows.  
By 44% to 36% YouGov finds support for second referendum on the terms of the final Brexit Deal.   
Anger over plans to build £50,000 Mosque for just six refugee families on Scottish island  via @Your Brexit 
And the repression continues. Three more civil servants from Catalan government's telecommunications center investigated regarding preparations for the 1 Oct referendum  
Public want a vote on the Brexit deal with an option to stay in the EU if they don't like it, according to YouGov poll for @BestForBritain. After stripping out don't knows it's 55/45 in favour of a people's vote. How long before MPs listen to what the people want? 
It’s clear the EU will not relinquish control of our waters, remember Brexit is supposed to give back control over our Trade, Finances and Laws. It’s what we voted for!!!Fishermen protest over lack of control of UK waters post-Brexit - BBC News  
‘@fishingforleave: “Fishermen are sickened that our government has capitulated to obeying all EU law after Brexit. “Consigning us to remaining trapped in the disastrous CFP until January 2021, and possibly trapped forever in exchange for a deal.”  
Over the years, Tony Blair has done many things that have made us doubt his integrity, and sometimes even his sanity. But he really has surpassed himself with his latest plea that Germany should do all it can to stop Brexit... 
I’m commenting in the FT this morning on Labour fury at prospect of new centrist party via @FT . We’re standing in May to force Labour to listen to its members and offer a final say referendum. #FBPE #ABTV 
The BBC is under fire from former cabinet minister Lord Andrew Adonis for its #Brexit coverage. He describes it as far too swayed towards the pro-Leave camp. @Andrew_Adonis #bbcgms 0815 
IF Brexit must be deliveredAND Brexit means BrexitBUT Brexit = FantasyTHEN Fantasy must be deliveredError. 
Public backs fresh referendum to have 'final say' on terms of Brexit deal, new YouGov poll finds  
You know, maybe, just maybe when @theresa_may says " The Will of the People", maybe that's a coded message to say GET OFF YOUR LAZY, APATHETIC ARSES AND GET ON THE BLOODY STREETS AND PROTEST IN YOUR MILLIONS EVERY DAY IF YOU WANT TO STOP BREXIT? 
Trump wins"It was the Russians"Brexit wins"It was Cambridge Analytica"Kurz & Strache win"Austria is not that important"Salvini wins"Oh, that's just Italy"Orban wins"It was not a free or fair election"Head. Meet Sand. 
I fear for democracy in the UK. The issue is wider than Brexit.Crucial democratic norms are being weakened Norms like accepting your opponent as legitimate; accepting rule of law; not lying At heart of this danger is our media which fails to hold to account or is complicit 
The massive amount of airtime this tiny industry gets in comparison with all the others being shafted by Brexit is a direct consequence of it being the choice of Aaron Banks and Nigel Farage. They choose the battleground and #BBCNews duly follows. The other 99.95% of the economy? 
.Indeed....“Long after the exit treaties & terms of trade are written & decided, the DUP will have to answer to the farmers, businesses & people of NI for the destructive, jingoistic, “cut off my nose to spite my face” approach it has taken to Brexit". 
Yet another #Brexit problem only gaining traction now: the consequences EU #copyright law no longer applying in UK 
Fraud unravels everything: Brexit is voidable and Article 50 can be revoked  via @LSEpoliticsblogWill actions match the theory? 
Leave won by 4% in 2016. There is now an 8% margin in favour of a #FinalSay on Brexit. The mood is changing, Brexit is not inevitable.  
To BBC’s Editor of Political Programmes. Here’s how it seems to work. You put Mr Farage on Question Time 32 times. You announce policy that pros/cons of staying in EU no longer ‘live debate’ & boycott reporting anti-Brexit demos. Then you claim those complaining are ‘remoaners’  
Chatting with an angry upset retired fisherman yesterday made me realise just how much so many have been conned by Fartige and this Brexit Government. Such misdirected bitterness was just, well sad.Keep fighting people.#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
.The Brexit Effect..... "Some of my Unionist friends are saying for the first time to me, ‘exactly how would I be worse off in a united Ireland [compared to Brexit Britain]’? The answer is they wouldn’t be worse off." 
BREAKING: @BestForBritain polling shows public backs fresh referendum to have 'final say' on terms of Brexit deal by an 8 point margin! This is a turning point #finalsay 
AgreedWe should stop all this pretence at negotiation, it is just a scam to delay, deny and obstruct BREXIT and to prolong the period that we have to keep on paying OUR money to the corrupt EU dictatorsITS TIME TO GET ON WITH THE REST OF OUR LIVES,WALK AWAY TODAYLETS GO FFS  
Overwhelming majority of leaders in financial services believe London will remain Europe’s top hub after Brexit. Lloyds survey is a boost to confidence in the economy, and Britain’s post-Brexit prospects.  
Most people in Britain support the idea of holding a vote on any final Brexit deal, poll suggests  
This isn’t the way Women should be treated. It’s not how I was brought up. It’s not the World I want our daughter to have to deal with. The thin vein of misogyny promoted by the Brexit Taliban goes unremarked by many. It’s not acceptable.  
For British bosses a bigger headache than Brexit is emerging  
Precisely.  I've seen even otherwise sensible MPs on here saying 'I don't agree with Brexit but since we've had a referendum we have to do it'.  No we don't, if we're still a representative democracy, not only are MPs allowed to stop Brexit, it's their duty to do so. 
Brexit is damaging to the UK and has never been approved democratically. @Reasons2Remain #stopbrexit2018 #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
My heart breaks just a little bit more with each tweet like this, but my determination to stop Brexit grows too.And when we've stopped it we must hold all those who caused this to account.#StopBrexit 
Many many things annoy me about the Brussels EU Empire.But the one that annoys me most is that utter contempt for the wishes of the citizens was deliberately designed into the heart of it.  And is imbibed like mothers milk by every new Brussels Bastard.Viva Brexit! pic.twitter.com/Eni5ihEx1U 
I think (in my opinion) you are spot on in your analysis. I still can't believe that the referendum campaign turned me from a relaxed  pro European at the start, into an angry leaver, by the end of the campaign. 
Remainers!Leavers voted for Brexit DESPITE  the catastrophic predictions from #ProjectFear.Any economic news better than total meltdown is a bonus for us.'Woe - growth forecast to be 1.7% not 1.9%' does not move us in the slightest.Stop wasting your breath and our time. 
The Channel TV show featured a Kentish fisherman who 1) moaned about foreign fleets getting support from their Government and thought Brexit would magically fix this & 2) sold his fish... to the EU27. The fishing debate is so ill-informed even people in the industry are confused.  
They're losing and they know it. The referendum was interfered with and should be voided. They have no arguments in favour of Brexit so they attack us personally,  
Poll puts support for a referendum on the terms of Brexit at 44%  in favour vs 36% against. 
Why do you call a referendum.  Only then will the will of British Columbians be know.  Or are you scared of democracy? 
This guy says he will report you for "hate crime" to the UK police if you excersiced your democratic right to vote for Brexit.  
@mrjamesob, I thought you should know that today is National Unicorn Day -  #UnicornDay #Brexit #BluePassports #Fish 
Brexit cited as most common risk to UK economy. #Brexit  
Homophobic, religious and race hate crimes on public transport are soaring, figures reveal. Spikes witnessed after major events, including the Brexit vote.If I had voted for Brexit, this - among many things - would make me question my decision. 
Brexit: short sea shipping - plans to divert road traffic to sea routes pre-date Brexit. Irish plans (for them) are a happy coincidence. But cutting the post-Brexit UK out of the loop could end up as mainstream EU policy...  #Brexinfo. 
Tory MP Threatened Business Leaders With Dismissal If They Don’t Keep Quiet About Brexit  
'A lot to lose': #TonyBlair wants Germany’s #Merkel to block #Brexit  
"Britain is doing pretty well" ~ Brexit Fan Marr  
Making the referendum advisory and thereby negating the requirement for a treaty changing super majority reduced it to nothing more than an opinion poll as at 23 June 2016.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Rather nice of the Express to accurately report my @guardian piece almost verbatim, and retroactively promote me quite a few grades to “the” rather than “a” former negotiator.Pity they added a video of @andrealeadsom misleading people that there’ll be a Brexit dividend mind.  
It's really very simple.If #Brexit damages business there will be less tax revenue.Which means there will be less money to fund Britain.Which means Brexit will hurt Britain.So please #r4today can you start to address this?You could start here: 
The only way to defeat Brexit is to vote for a party that sacks a shadow minister for having the temerity to suggest that there should be a #finalsay. Uh-huh 
The ‘will of the people’ can change. Ask Clement Attlee.A lesson for Brexit: the postwar Labour government was elected, re-elected and humiliated in the space of six years. Each time, the people ‘spoke’.Now, the people need a #FinalSay to #StopBrexit. 
Don't be fooled, Felipe González wants President Puigdemont, his entire government & the Jordis in prison 4 many years. He simply wants to keep his image clean in front of other countries. In Spain it is worse 2 make a referendum than 2 organize a paramilitary group like the GAL.  
An accessible letter in today's Irish Times, signed by 61 lawyers, explaining some of the legal stakes of the May 25 referendum and rebutting some key myths.  
Part of the reason why Brexit and Trump blindsided the media is their reliance on social media as an accurate tool of measuring public sentiment. It’s not. 
Ax is exactly right. Midterms can be, among other things, a referendum on this Administration, its policies and its supporters - at federal and state levels. Midterms should not be centered around questions of impeachment.  
This could quickly go from being about one person’s terrible comments to being a referendum on what’s acceptable to the whole network and what advertisers are willing to support. This could prove to be the can of worms that, once opened, cannot be closed. 
I’ve been thinking a lot over the last few days about Brexit, and it’s time for me to duck out. The more you look into it, the more depressing it becomes, the more apparent the absolute fuck-up it is.My final comment: I hope this government and Corbyn’s enablers rot in hell. 
This is bad. Same hate-filled anti Immigrant rhetoric dominates the Hungary's vote as it did Brexit, Trump, Geert Wilders, Le Pen campaigns . Far-right figures Marine Le Pen & Steve Bannon call Orbán a “hero”  He is a Neo-Fascist dictator...  
Thank you @Bonn1eGreer for the wonderful quote “if you don’t see yourself you cannot be yourself”. It reminds me of my existence in the UK since 20 yrs as an EU ctzn. Brexit is happening to 3 million of us, not with us, voiceless, yet a used & abused grp of people.  
Therefore parliament and MPs have to do what they are paid to do. Make choices that are best for country as a whole. If Brexit is turning out to be bad for Britain they have a duty to stop it. Or make it clear to the public what the reality is and confirm with a #FinalSayForAll 
How long do we have to continue with this pathetic farce?When are politicians going to admit that brexit, of any kind, is sheer lunacy?The world is looking on in fascinated horror at UK's embarrassing contortions: we should all come to our senses & remain in the EU.#FBPE 
@albertaNDP like to use @jkenney ideas so here is some free advice for them:1. Immediately repeal the Carbon Tax2. Remove the cap on emissions 3. Hold a referendum on equalization4. Set reasonable conditions to build pipelines or else we turn off the taps. #ableg 
Should we just accept we are going to Brexit? Or  No, we should keep challenging it. A repeat of a 2016 poll, as UK is still divided.  Let's see what the result shall be this time?Please vote & RT 
supporting brexit by taking a work boat out of commission, painting a bad pun on the side and setting fire to it  
Brexit looking good for Paris and Frankfurt. Be interesting to see if the whole banking centre of gravity could shift, and how fast. Would need somewhere with culture, willing to expand housing quickly (Amsterdam etc are smaller than you think).  via @FT 
I don’t see what the difference is any more between Labour and the Tories when they both back Brexit.  
The highest support for UKIP was in the areas with the lowest percentages of people born abroad.#StopBrexit #Brexit #ABTV 
Remainers call people who object to Britain staying in the EU Little Englanders. Well, Little Europeans sounds even worse in relation to Remainers because it implies betrayal of you own country for the sake of some sick federal project. #Brexit 
Important thread. I've long noted the lack of female commentators on #Brexit. It's ugly the way the few prominent women are attacked by Leave men - including very well known figures! Check it out yourself. Yet again, the values around #Brexit disturb me. Bode ill.  
"If this happened in Kenya or Nigeria, a new vote would be demanded by international observers." #Brexit  
Brilliant by @williamkeegan. That demographics and polls show movements to Remain is the reason the Brexiters will abandon any red line just to make sure Brexit happens at any cost.  
Petition: “Protect UK Citizens' existing Freedom of Movement rights in Brexit negotiations”.#BrexitShambles#BrexitIsPersonal#BrexitReality 
Annual cost of EU membership vs annual cost of #Brexit - guess which one is larger... much larger!#StopBrexit #ABTV #VoteEU 
Boat set alight as British fishermen protest over perceived capitulation to the EU in Brexit negotiations  by @rosiescammell 
just in case anyone might be interested writer Pat Mc Cabe solidly supports a yes vote in the forthcoming referendumlest there be any misunderstandings #repealth8th 
.@sethmeyers  on @LateNightSeth (talking about Brexit): "It's a much bigger deal for the UK to leave than for a country like Greece leaving. Look at it this way: When Zayn left, One Direction was okay, but if Harry leaves, that's it, it's over — and the UK is Harry Styles."  
No, I’m suggesting that apart from a tiny wealthy minority Leavers are gonna suffer as badly as everyone else when Brexit kicks in. The fact they’ve been too busy gloating to realise this is a separate issue.We’re ALL going to lose. The only difference is Remainers know it.  
Brexit exemption sought for Grimsby seafood trade. Honestly?! I don't think so, causing this #Brexit mess and then not having to deal with the consequences? Just admit it was wrong to vote Leave and help us to #exitfrombrexit #WATON #remainernow 
when will Scotland have it's next Independence referendum? 
BREXIT: Large Pro-EU crowd confront Farage as former Ukip leader attends fishing protest  /#EU #Brexit  
"Hastings fishermen that voted for Brexit protesting against Brexit"  
I Voted To Leave the European Union I Was never asked if I wanted a Soft or Hard Brexit This was made up by those Remoaners who didn’t like the result of the referendum  
As result of the Conservatives pursuing #Brexit Victor Orban has become the Tories best friend in Europe and Hungary a go-to destination for Boris Johnson.You can judge the character of a party & its leaders by the friends they keep!  
.@BBCradio4 doing a feature on #Brexit and the #IrishBorder Claiming that "Brexit is a bittersweet moment" which will lead to great opportunities for some business.This "impartiality" really is utter BS. 
Brexit doesn't gain any independence for the UK. It just gets vassal status via subsequent trade agreements with the EU, USA and China in which they, having much larger economies and not being desperate for a deal, impose their demands on us.#StopBrexit #Brexit #ABTV 
"Best midfield in world now? Has to be Liverpool, Jeff. Ox, Hendo and Millie - I get tears in my eyes when I watch them play Jeff, I'm telling you. This is why I voted for Brexit. English teams, English players. Keep Wiyalldon or whatever his name is, on the bench"  
Great stat.This shows British people still have values.Those values would be sacrificed on the alter of #brexit. #StopBrexit #FinalSayForAll 
Tony Blair Wants Germany’s Merkel to Block Brexit. Can we technically call this treason yet? He is asking a foreign government to subvert the will of his own people after all. 
For the first time in my life I'm considering not voting @UKLabour,  because in my opinion their current tactics on brexit will hurt the country and our democracy. But most of all it will mean our other policies will not be affordable. 
In actual fact, The Government guaranteed to Parliament that the Referendum Bill didnt need to be amended to require a super-majority *because it was only advisory*.For them to then turn round & claim otherwise had no Parliamentary mandate.  
So a majority of labour voters don't support brexit. It's  not economically sensible, and the outcome of referendums legitimacy is in doubt. But you want labour rebels to blindly follow the leader down this brexit dead end that will damage the country. 2/ 
For the first time in years, Britain is being outperformed by its trading partners  
"These are local elections, they are about getting good local representatives, but it's also going to be an opportunity to pass a verdict on the way in which the government is handling the Brexit negotiations."  
SCOT goes POP!Landmark Panelbase poll finds 42% of Scottish public want a very early independence referendum 
The NUS backs a people’s vote on final #Brexit deal @InFactsOrg 
Not having my vote again until they oppose Brexit. They have let me and the nation down. 
More people turned out to protest against #brexit on 24 March 2018 than all working fishermen in the UK. Yet @bbcnews reports the fishermen + did't report the marches of the 52%. What kind of democracy do we live in? Shame on #BrexitBroadcastingCorporation + our trash tabloids 
Leave lies are coming home to roost. My home region in the NE England is waking up to the reality of Brexit - that it will hit us the hardest here. Labour have betrayed their heartland. Labour voters are turning on the party they were once proud of. #ABTV 
You can fight for the people OR you can enable Brexit.Not both.  
Fishermen take to Britain's rivers to protest Brexit 'capitulation'  @MailOnline 
Independence referendum?  The mandate tendency say Sturgeon is honour bound to call indyref2 before 2021. But her MPs fear the wrath of scunnered voters. My column.  
Won EU Parliamentary Elections 2014 for UKIPBarely turned up to represent us in the EU's main law-making bodyTurned up mainly to insult peopleWon Brexit vote by claiming the British people didn't have an influential voice in EuropeClaims he's our voice now  
Dan, when I tell Brexit voters that stopping EU migrants means taking more from India/Africa they call me an elitist t*** and tell me f*** off with my Project Fear. Could you come with me and explain it to Brexit voters on tough housing estates? They'll love your superior tone.  
I have been reluctant to crucify the BBC as much as some, but today a few dozen fisherman staged protests. Front page & top story on all regional BBC News sites. Thousands marched against Brexit, several times, it was barely mentioned if at all. Bias could not be clearer #BBCBias 
I’ve been attacked by so many Labourites today who think it’s their task to lecture you that if you don’t vote for Labour you get a hard Tory Brexit. I’ve lost count of the number of times I’ve explained you get a hard Tory Brexit if you vote Labour because they are enabling them 
Join the club guys. No one has a voice in May's madcap Brexit except the fruitcake Brextremists with their kamikaze bravado.Let's keep plugging away though. She can't ignore us, or common sense, forever. #FinalSay 
Interesting piece. The long-term issues/failures of regional inequality/policy contributed hugely to Brexit and, ironically, will be massively exacerbated by it. If, by some miracle, we avoid Brexit they must be addressed.  
You know what’s a daft waste of time? Brexit.  
Thanks to @fishingforleave for doing our work for us. Fantastic EU flags on a wrecked boat called Threason May. Looks like a good pro-EU protest. Let’s stop Brexit, keep CFP, keep export markets and save British Fishing. #FBPE #Stopbrexit 
The fact is that both Labour and the Tories are pro brexit.The fact is that the LibDems and Greens are not just pro EU, now they are anti brexit loud and proud. Vote #proEU on May the 3rd #abtv Let's kick some ass. X pic.twitter.com/0KBSd8sH8y 
Wider implication: Brexit will exacerbate l/t trend of eroding UK tax base (). And ending FoM will exacerbate l/t erosion of productivity & welfare sustainability due to ageing population. Coming years will be v v tough unless young & skilled or old & rich. 
Does anybody get this yet? #CambridgeAnalytica is a military grade 'information operation'Along with AIQ, during #Brexit and #Trump, they automated billions of fake events (not ads/not declared campaigns/events) to change the minds of key swing voters. 
Theresa May embroiled in growing row over NHS for sale in post Brexit US trade deal  via @LondonEconomic 
Nearly 20 banks have committed to Frankfurt since Brexit vote, German officials say  
You really are an old con @Nigel_Farage. It’s too well reported that you did nothing for them whilst in Brussels. You’ll walk away from them just as you did from working for a solution to Brexit after the referendum. Only there for publicity 
EU membership is growing more popular among people in Denmark  
Watched #paddington2 again this afternoon. What a treat of a film. Has that London 2012 best of British (especially London) glow bottled right up. As if Brexit never happened!   
16-17 year olds were denied a #Brexit referendum vote primarily to appease the Tory right. Britons abroad for more than 15 years were excluded in spite of a Tory manifesto promise to give them the vote. EU 27 nationals were denied a vote granted to Commonwealth nationals.#FBPE 
Hot take from #OwenJones  and the Guardian: Hungary is killing democracy by holding elections, and then implementing the will of the people. If only #Brexit was that simple. #HungaryElection2018 
British fishing industry in flames. Theresa May has betrayed our fishermen. Brexit must mean Brexit.  
BBC has given more coverage to ‘fishermen’ protests today than it gave to all the anti-Brexit marches a fortnight ago #BrexitBroadcastingCorporation 
I'm being told, not unreasonably, that the fishermen are not protesting against Brexit, they are protesting because they don't like the way Brexit is being negotiated because it doesn't suit their industry. Glad to clarify. 
'SAVE OUR COUNTRY!' Furious Newcastle fisherman PROTEST ON SEA against Brexit betrayal  
Woman DEPORTED for refusing to take off her niqab at airport security  via @Your Brexit 
It's a strange phenomena that I've noticed. Post whatever you like about the Tories and you never get challenged.Suggest the Labour party is pro brexit and kaboom. So here we go again.If you are pro EU don't vote Tory or Labour.#FBPE #StopBrexit #brexit 
'Brexit: Nearly 20 banks have committed to Frankfurt since vote to leave EU, German officials say'Brexit feels like a liquidation sale and we're watching our assets getting sold off on the cheap - while 17m people say "Good! We didn't want them anyway!" 
Significant that a key #leave campaigner now thinks there is no democratic mandate for #Brexit:  
I like some Lib Dem policies. I like pretty much all Green policies.I think the Tories need to be booted out of Government for at least three terms so that they can remember what they are.But I won’t support a party that supports Brexit. 
Today 4 years ago, an agreed referendum supported by 60% of the Catalan Parliament was rejected in the Spanish Congress. Instead of a political agreement Madrid chose repression.From the three people in the photo, one is in prison and another had to go into exile.  
This is an important piece from @DMiliband. When Britain voted (narrowly) for #Brexit, the world was very different (i.e., pre-#Trump). The people of Britain should get to vote on the final deal in the context of this very different world. 
So true. The remoaner strategy of using....remainers to argue against Brexit shows just how bad the liberal establishment is at campaigning.  
I’m canvassing for a YES vote in the upcoming referendum to remove the Eighth Amendment. Do you have any questions? A handy graphic on how to canvass for a yes vote! You can find information on your local groups here  
The Brexit-Dreyfus parallel: Dreyfus was condemned to life imprisonment on a remote island, on false evidence. There was a campaign for a retrial, & the campaign never gave up. After 12 years Dreyfus was exonerated. - We will not let it take that long to stop/reverse Brexit. 
The British public rejects Liam Fox’s hard #Brexit, deregulatory US trade deal 82%-8% - Fox - you have no mandate. #ttip 
Whitstable: Farage joins fishermen for burning of boat draped in EU flags from 5 p.m. to 6 p.m. as part of nationwide 'Brexit Betrayal' protests.  
The EU Referendum is tainted with Fraud by senior Tories & Russian interference.The deal we were promised has evaporated and the effects are calamitous.Any politician trying to enforce the Coup d’Etat of Brexit in these circumstances should be hounded out in disgrace. 
The Brexit vote was a vote to take back control of our own country so we can make our own laws, control our borders, reclaim our fishing waters & make our own trade deals. It is time for UK politicians to start doing there job, back Brexit & deliver on the vote. UK not EU 
If Brexit isn’t stopped it’s effect on British society will be like the effect of the Dreyfus Affair on France. If it is stopped, it will have been a nasty temporary hiccup, soon forgotten. 
#brexit has already happened at Bristol Airport  
This is the kind of toxic racism Steve Bannon and @BreitbartNews patron Robert Mercer spread to swing voters. Bannon and Mercer co-founded #CambridgeAnalytica to boost hatred and fear. It worked during #Brexit too. We need to rescue our democracy from this demagoguery  
And don't forget that during Ref, Brexiters like Liam Fox said the Remain campaign "went way beyond acceptable limits" in suggesting Brexit had implications for Gibraltar. Full quotes, links and analysis here:  
In the era of Trump and Russian aggression, EU withdrawal is more reckless than ever, writes @DMiliband. Labour must back a second referendum 
Why #Brexit is illegal: Please widely RT this poster and accompanying report of news about legal action against #UKGov on the #Article50 notice being invalid. Link:  Because Brexit is a sham.  
Before SatNav family cars would drive over me, clearly lost, but you could hear the dad inside shouting “We’re not lost! We’re not f**king lost! I don’t need to look at the f**king map, ok!!! Now shut up so I can find the f**king hotel before it’s dark!” Just like Brexit 
Barclays plans to split euro trading hub over Brexit  
Tony Blair is trying to destabilise the #brexit vote. This is the same Tony Blair who is hugely responsible for the horrible world we live in today. I’m sorry mr Blair but the British people stopped listening to you a long long time ago #traitor #warcriminal 
'SAVE OUR COUNTRY!' Furious Newcastle fisherman PROTEST ON SEA against Brexit betrayal 
Some leavers think after #Brexit the UK will be able to choose what immigrants to let in. They clearly don't understand that talented & skilled workers choose what country to work in, not the other way around. A slow growing, xenophobic UK won't be popular.#StopBrexit #ABTV 
#SeaWhatEUmean - the 83% thing particularly annoyed me - & has made me determined to  vote #ABTV in the #LE2018 - never again will anyone say I voted for a #brexit party - whatever they promise me!  #Stopbrexit 
We assumed progressive politics had won & fascism beaten in WWII. We allowed them to wage a silent cyber war filling Twitter & FB platforms w/ vile propaganda,stealing data & targeting our citizens. Then watched in horror as their vile experiment blossomed into trump & brexit. 
Secret plans for a new political party drawn up with £50m backingAs long as they support a Full Brexit, what harm can they do?  
Good Friday Agreement chair George Mitchell issues Brexit warning  
Four years ago the Spanish congress rejected a proposal for the Catalan administration to organize a referendum in agreement with the State. Three members of the Catalan parliament presented it in congress. Today, one is today in jail and another one in exile.  
#SeaWhatEUmeanIs #Brexit a fish too far?Is the Govt out of its depth?Is dead-fish-tosser Farage really the Fisherman's friend?Surely there's a better way to protect our #fishing industry than throwing every other industry under the #Brexit bus?#ABTV #WATON #FinalSay #VoteEU 
Stop the populism narrative to explain Brexit and Trump : the establishment was part of their successes | says Yan-Werner Mueller #ulisses 
Nigel Farage:"It’s not just our commercial fishermen protesting, it’s our anglers too.Under Brussels rules, they cannot take a single bass home for tea.Fishing industry & coastal communities who voted overwhelmingly #Brexit feel very badly let down"#EU 
Good negotiation is:WITH not AGAINST;OPPOSITE not OPPONENT;PROPOSAL not DEMAND.Britain’s approach to Brexit is NOT good negotiation. 
Farage Joining Fishermen for Whitstable Boat-Burning at 5 P.M. as ‘Brexit Betrayal’ Protested Nationwide  
Brexit: Nearly 20 banks have committed to Frankfurt since vote to leave EU, German officials say - The Independent  
Ireland and UK need to realise ‘what’s at stake’ in Brexit talks– George Mitchell  
The majority of the Welsh fishing fleet and industry are likely to be worse off after Brexit,Most of the seafood produced by the Welsh fleet is exported to EU countries or through EU trade agreements,#SeaWhatEUmean@fishingforleave 
If we don’t stop Brexit, we will become a twilight zone on the edge of Europe and anyone who can leave Britain will leave. As we try to renegotiate trade deals after Brexit, we will not have the upper hand. We will be over a barrel.By @DavidLammy 
Both clueless backing a government in tatters unable to negotiate #Brexit  
I have turned part of myself into art. I call it ‘Hello Brexit’  
#Poole: a trade-hub and port since at least the Iron Age, is now facing #Brexit-induced decline. Like ports up and down the country, Poole fisheries are reliant on export of fish they catch ... to the EU! #SeaWhatEUmean #fisheries #WATON #ABTV 
Friends! We need an impartial alternative to the pro-Brexit 'Today' programme!Here's my proposal:Presented by Our Adenoids, the 'Stop Brexit Today' programme would feature all shades of pro-EU opinion, balanced by an equal number of anti-Brexit views!Talk about objective!  
Hastings fishermen that voted for Brexit protesting against Brexit.  
The investigation into #CambridgeAnalytica is tugging at a loose thread that is connected to the very fabric of our society. This scandal isn't about #Facebook, #Trump, #Brexit etc. It is about the way corporate power subverts our democracy to its own ends pic.twitter.com/8yxqjipO2N 
What it's all about. Fight to save our communities & families way of life & heritage plus 1 of our nations gt industries.Brexit was about having our destiny.Politicians & @Conservatives should be ashamed to think these young people are 'expendable'.#CoastalCommunitiesCount 
With great respect Mr Lammy knows absolutely NOTHING about business industry & commerce! So please pipe down on trade, BREXIT and all matters beyond your ken! 
As @nick_clegg states - it is not over.  Those with political influence need to keep up maximum pressure for a #FinalSay as #Brexit a decision that will be difficult and expensive to unwind after 2021. #FBPE 
Smell something fishy? Has Farage got you trapped into towing his line? Brexit might feel like the answer. But it just muddies the waters. With lies and hake news. Don’t let Westminster off the hook. Let’s be crystal clear who to blame #SeaWhatEUmean 
Today our seas and rivers are far cleaner than they ever were in my youth. The Thames is alive with fish again thanks to the #EU #Tories would not volunteer money for this, it won't continue should we brexit #SeaWhatEUmean 
Why give our best jobs to EU cities and make UK less attractive to firms? 200 big co’s following Unilever lead in HQ relocation talksNo “jobs first Brexit”, only JOB LOSSES Brexit!When facts change, minds change #FinalSay #FairVote #FBPE #StopBrexit 
If 83% want Brexit, why is Redwood bothering to write to you? If he’s right, we Remainers are irrelevant. But he’s not right. He knows Brexit is being shown to be nonsense and he’s frightened voters will turn against it. The truth always frightens liars. #FinalSay 
Stop justifying a vote for Labour to keep out Conservatives.Stop justifying a vote for Conservatives to keep out Labour.BOTH are going to deliver Brexit.Don't want Brexit? Then don't vote for THEM.DON'T FEAR the future. CHANGE it.Vote Lib Dem/Green/SNP this May. 
Lord Adonis has the name of, but not the body of his name.He hates the EU referendum result because the plebs voted. He of course is a Lord and no one votes for him.  
There is much talk of wasted votes. I completely agree, if you don't want Brexit then don't vote Tory or Labour, to do otherwise would be a wasted vote, May @theresa_may and Corbyn @jeremycorbyn both want Brexit. Send them both a message on 3rd May that you want no Brexit. 
And how EXACTLY are they supposed to do that !!*sigh*I am BORED to tears with this repetitive nonsense & the ridiculous hash tags that seek to validate an opinion which is essentially anti Labour & it's Leader - & offers no cogent arguments on how *stop Brexit* can be achieved,  
If you had asked me 3 years ago - who can you trust for impartiality and impeccable journalistic standards? I would have answered - the BBC. Then along came the EU referendum campaign and Nigel Farage was on the BBC around the clock telling lies unchallenged a lot of the time. 
I voted Labour at the GE, I most certainly DID NOT vote for Brexit. I won't be making the same mistake again mind! 
The irony is that the 39% Murdoch owned #SkyNews (who has complete editorial independence) is doing a better job challenging the far right (and Murdoch's own pro-Brexit press) than #BBCnews, the Brexit bias of the BBC is there for all to see, or we wouldn't be having this debate. 
Not good enough.Labour needs to come out as totally against Brexit, and stop it, or forget it.  
John Redwood in an email to me continues to peddle the disgraceful falsehoods: ‘the people have spoken,’ ‘83% supported Brexit in the General Election’ - !!! - You couldn’t make the likes of Redwood up, but there they are, cheating & distorting as hard as they can go. 
Enormous irony to the fact  government believe crime figures are the result of social media influence, but referendum results are not.  
Great piece, as always! I have called it the difference btw balance and fairness.Balance offers equal time to all opinions.Fairness places opinions within the framework of reasonable evidence. #BBC lacks the expertise to do that on #Brexit. 
A visual picture of #Brexit: fragments of broken bits and pieces that don't make any sense and a dead fish #SeaWhatEUmean #Iameuropean #fishfacefarage 
The National Programme for IT cost £12.8 billion. It failed because it had too many interdependencies and too few people engaged with the detail. Brexit is orders of magnitude worse.  
Brexit going brilliantly well so far.  
So true @iamhamzaabbasi #Kashmir is a cause that concerns all decent humans, with a sense for justice.We need to push for a referendum & one effective way is NO business with an occupier! It would be brilliant if you give support to #BoycottIndia #FreeKashmir  
Young people. Support the party that plans to deliver Brexit and end your freedom to live and work anywhere in the EU.If you're a turkey you may want to vote for Christmas.  
Who wants Brexit anyway? It’s filled the UK with fear & negativity, and threatens to destroy all in its torturous flightpath; including positive alliances with our loyal friends in the EU, the Good Friday Agreement, and interrelationships with families & friends.Pls vote & RT 
Starting to think that #brexit won't wash? Want to make some waves? not turned out as you expected? #SeaWhatEUmean - twitter storm from 3pm - let's talk about the positives of EU involvement with our seas & beaches! #Stopbrexit #FinalSay 
Britain’s trade performance with EU has been woeful.UK has run trade deficit in goods & services every year since 1999.Doubling from £41bn to £82bn between 2012 & 2016.EU Single Market & Customs Union designed to suit Germany NOT Britain.#Brexit #EU 
Although, there is a part of me, that thinks once the Middle Class is impacted, it might wake some people up. Like your property value plummeting in a just a few months, because a post Brexit Britain will be worse than Greece ever was. 
I'm bored of all this infighting as well. I'll be there to fight and campaign for #indyref2. But truth be told, if it's not held BEFORE Brexit impacts us, like thousands of others, I may no longer be here. 
Happy to speak at The North East Independence Conference about @YSINational and the importance of young people ahead of a future referendum #ScotRef 
Brexit is putting the Good Friday Agreement in jeopardy. 40,000 people were injured and over 3,000 were killed in the troubles in Northern Ireland. To Mrs May and all Brexiteers I say...HOW DARE YOU! HOW DARE YOU! #stopBrexit 
'There will be no EU Army' Remainers such as Clegg assured us with full, complete, total, absolute, 100%, utter, out-and-out certainty!The EU Army is shaping up slowly but surely.Wasn't it the Remainers who didn't know what they were voting for?#Brexit  
Brexit whistleblower @chrisinsilico also said that the Leave campaigns may have illegally coordinated spend. But Marr kept cutting him off, and the @BBCNews story forgets to mention it... 
Shocking to see Marr repeatedly shut down the Brexit whistleblower as he tries to explain serious allegations that the Leave campaigns may have illegally coordinated spend.Watch for yourself and see if there is @BBC bias: 
.@nick_clegg: “repeated allegation that vote to withhold parl consent would ‘defy the will of the people’ ignores fact that the version of Brexit presented to MPs will be utterly different to the version promised to voters &  that the world has changed dramatically since 2016’  
The BBC should desist from characterising people as either BREXITER or REMOANER. REMOANER is a particularly offensive epithet, in my view. Everyone is entitled to their opinion, and the BBC does not appear to recognise that the referendum result was actually very close 48 to 52. 
Rob, do you think we can't see the difference between the respectful silence Marr employs to interview Fox, Davis et al with the tag team attack squad (Hartley-Brewer or Oakeshott usually) deployed to interrupt, disrupt and demean anyone remotely threatening the Brexit mandate? 
If we continue as we are, one day we will wake to find that everything has been taken from us. Not only everything we had but everything we could have had. Sharia May is a globalist. She cannot be trusted and has proved this with her broken brexit promises. She has to go. 
The Brexit whistleblower: “It is extremely uncomfortable to consider that our democracy may have been corrupted.”His allegations into the Brexit campaign need to be fully investigated.The public need a #FinalSay to #StopBrexit. 
#NutJob & #Unelected #LordAdonis says the #BBC created #Brexit: “The BBC gave the Elected #NigelFarage a platform he would otherwise not have had.” #SkyNews's #NiallPaterson on #Adonis: “You’re turning into the crazier, shoutier end of #Twitter.” 
The problem with BBC's Brexit coverage is not bias but shallowness.They are rarely able to ask hard questions of anyone, on any side, so nod along and are reliant on briefings.Channel 4 broadcast news far better.  
Old people caused Brexit. Apparently.So where do these undemocratic old throbbers fit into the picture then?*looks at A C Grayling, Tony Blair, Kenneth Clarke, Richard Branson, J K Rowling, Patrick Stewart, Emma Thompson, Eddie Izzard, Arsene Wenger et al* 
For the umpteenth time, if you believe that Corbyn will save us from a Tory engineered, hard Brexit, that will be disastrous for ordinary working people, please unfollow and block me. We're wasting each other's time :-/ 
Brexit’ll destroy the Welsh inshore fishing fleet. They need rapid access to the EU market, yet Brexit will prevent that. They don’t need distant fishing grounds or quota, since they fish for non-quota species. #SeaWhatEUMean #StopBrexit 
This was THE best moment on #Marr today and this year... Don't let the story die. Keep sharing. Keep writing to ministers, Parliamentary select committees and your MP, asking those questions about #CambridgeAnalytica #BrexitGate our Tory-tamed, #Brexit-loving press won't.  
Only a mind as bent as #AndrewAdonis's would accuse the #BBC of being pro-#Brexit.  Advice to #Remainers: it's no use having a radical outrider to try and infect doubt if everything he says is contradictory and downright stupid.  #LBC #SKY @LBC @ConHome 
Chris Wylie: 'I want a democratic mandate for Brexit' #marr 
Tony Blair believes NI deal 'still possible' but warns over Brexit  
I do NOT want Brexit but I agree with this  
Nearly 20 banks have committed to Frankfurt since Brexit vote, German officials say  
If I were a secondhand car salesman, I'd ask each customer if they voted for #Brexit. That way I could easily sell any broken down old bangers to #Brexiteers, as they're gullible enough to buy anything. 
Why pay billions for Brexit, when we could #StopBrexit and fund our NHS insteadMake sure everyone knows that Brexit is hurting not helping our NHSSign and share this petition to transfer Philip Hammond’s £3bn Brexit Preparation Fund into the NHS Fund:  
Also interesting to reflect on what #Leave voter #ChrisWylie said on #marr today - a man who despite being Canadian had a say on the fate of our #EU27 citizens because he's from a Commonwealth country, whereas #EU27 citizens themselves did not. #Brexit is trashing #BritishValues. 
It's not about my ease of travel on a short break to France- that's one small part of the bigger Brexit picture. Younger generations will be hindered from the larger loss of freedom of movement. For example, when I was 21, I moved to Ibiza & opened a record shop, because I could. 
No wonder as a country we’re divided on Brexit when we can’t even all agree on the name for a bread roll! 
.@observer reports 34th new party in last 3 months. Why bother? @LibDems already serious alternative to #Brexit Tories and @jeremycorbyn Labour. Leading campaign #StopBrexit #FBPE . Record membership. Fighting strong local election campaigns. Could make good use of £50 mn fund. 
Adonis: *is a repeated shit about academia*Academics: Adonis is very badAdonis: *criticises Brexit*Twitter: omg heroAdonis: let’s take money from the bbc and give it to skyTwitter: hang on am I missing anything 
The #Brexit referendum was advisory (graphic 2) and the result therefore cannot be an instruction. But in this petition response the government blatantly lies that it was an instruction. Such lies make a mockery of Brexit as a democratic process. #StopBrexit #VoteEU #ABTV 
"No one [in #Europe] has asked [#Spain]: 'So why did you insist on violent suppression when you could simply have ignored the referendum and opted not to recognise it?'"1/3 
If anyone tells you there will be a meaningful vote on the Brexit deal BEFORE we leave the EU, they are lying. The EU have already stated that the deal won't be concluded until AFTER we enter transition.#FBPE 
Well @AndrewMarr9 what this really hangs on is whether, given the evidence, Vote Leave conspired with BeLeave, Veterans for Britain and the DUP to subvert the referendum result and how Michael Gove and Boris Johnson could possibly not have known about their own criminal activity,  
The government won't permit a 'disruptive' public sector strike unless at least 40% of union members vote in favour. But it loudly asserts that 37% of a gerrymandered electorate is enough for #Brexit and constitutes the "Will of the People"!#StopBrexit #ABTV #VoteEU 
By @LesleyRiddoch: Unwarranted silence over @ClaraPonsati"How can a regional parliament elected with a mandate to hold an independence referendum be misappropriating public funds when it does just that?"1/2  
As you see more and more come out about Cambridge Analytica/AIQ's influence on the brexit result please remember that Kanto, a group HEAVILY linked with Cambridge Analytica, is currently working for the Save the Eight campaign. 
Brexit needs a democratic, fair and reasonable mandate, this means a Brexit referendum based on facts not untruths.Brexit architects differ on the destination and route, didn’t have consensus on the meaning of Brexit. So we voted for different things.  
There is an international extreme right conspiracy. They are all connected, and they use billions in cash and state of the art technology to spread racism, hatred and lies. Brexit is one of their projects. It is unfathomable to me how a party like Labour can support their aims.  
Adonis worked for Tony Blair when he promised us a referendum in 2005 and for David Cameron when he promised us a referendum in 2015, but apparently we wouldn't have had a referendum without the BBC interviewing Nigel Farage.  
This guff about £50 million & a new Party. Would this be people who sat on the fence while Article 50 triggered?Waiting for what?We have already a Party with over 100,000 members/infrastructure. Councillors/MPs who are fighting Brexit every day#FBPE 
A low corporate tax rate and a cheap pound have helped to offset any damage done by Brexit to Britain's reputation  
Remainers need to get over the fact that they lost the referendum. Despite the arch Europhiles playing every card in the pack to thwart the result, a majority – as shown in recent polls – remains in favour of #Brexit.  
Watch deleted video of Nigel Farage thanking Steve Bannon and Breitbart for Brexit  
The majority of Scots would oppose independence by 57 per cent to 43 per cent if there was another referendum, according to a new poll. 58 per cent do not want another referendum in the next few years.Read more on the poll here:  
Wrote a piece that lays out some of the evidence of possible cheating in the Brexit referendum. We need to urgently investigate this before it's too late. Not about Leave vs Remain. It's about the rule of law.  
60% support for a referendum asking the British public if they would accept or reject any EU deal is at its highest recorded in a Survation poll.Poll from @Survation(the pollsters that called the GE2017 correctly)(Ignoring "don't knows")We need a #FinalSay 
Landmark Panelbase poll finds 42% of Scottish public want a very early independence referendum -  #ScotRef #UseTheMandate 
Tony Blair has urged Germany to foil Brexit. Hasn’t he noticed The referendum was in Britain not Berlin 
100% correct.The future belongs to #Remain and #intraconnectivity.#Brexit  
This is how badly Brexit will impact your part of the UK.If you want to prevent that damage, vote against pro-Brexit parties on May 3rd.#ABTV 
I've been posting some of the good things the EU has done for British fishermen since the Brexit vote. Add any others you are aware off and spread the word. The EU is good for fishermen #seaWhatEUMean #StopBrexit 
Brexit paradox:1. Abandoning Brexit would be a betrayal of democracy, unless it is shown that the electorate has changed its mind.2. We may not determine if the electorate has changed its mind, because asking would be a betrayal of democracy.It's a false paradox, of course 
The referendum did not create two tribes. Millions of people voted, accepted the result and got on with their lives. A few thousand politicians and journalists did not. 
If despite everything you believe that the UK is best placed as a member of the EU, I respect that and there’s a legitimate and democratic way to pursue your belief: start the campaign to rejoin post 2019. But seeking to stymie the referendum is for the birds. 
After two years of Brexit debate, @Femi_Sorry has had enough of being called #ProjectFear just because Cameron and Osborne overplayed their hand. 
Nigel Farage - "When you go into a negotiation, the other side needs to know, if you don't get what you want, they are walking out of that."That is how negotiations work. They work frankly through fear, fear that is the other side will walk out." #Brexit  
Yet another party that won’t represent me. I’m not a centrist. I want a left-wing party, but one not wedded to right-wing Brexit and immigration policies. Ah well.  
Brexit gives our country a unique chance to return control of our borders & have an immigration system that genuinely fulfils the needs of our nation. 
Professor Gwythian Prins - "Britain is doubly lucky because we are leaving the EU at the time it is moving into the zone of the risk of collapse and we are returning to a rising Anglosphere." #Brexit  
Great initiative but would be too late to offer people a Brexit alternative. We must join forces so we can offer people an inspiring vision for the future - & a way out of this mess! Let’s #RethinkBrexit & #RenewBritain  instead!   
Fisherman John Nicholls - "What we need is a clean break when we leave the market next year."The problem we got at the moment is the transition period because the day we leave the EU, one second after it’s implemented, we hand back control of our fisheries to the EU." #Brexit  
Petition: Declare the 2016 referendum vote null and void due to foreign interference  It is clear now that foreign influence and inaccurate facts were highly influential on the electorate during the Brexit referendum so the result should be null and void 
A vote for Labour at #LE2018 will be interpreted as a vote for Corbyn and a vote for Tory Brexit.Place your X wisely #abtv 
Chris Wylie: 'I want a democratic mandate for Brexit'  
It's funny to see all the right wing leave voters who complain about BBC bias now standing up for the BBC because Lord Adonis is blaming them for their part in Brexit 
Genuinely baffled by the LibDems' opinion poll ratings. Surely if so many Remainers are outraged by Brexit, they ought to be polling at least 20%? Is Uncle Vince proving to be a dud leader or is the Remain outrage confined to @Andrew_Adonis's circle of friends? 
The government's approach to #Brexit planning has been akin to a pilot taking off in a plane without a destination, a map or any idea of how much fuel is on board, it's never going to end well. 
Strong evidence our democracy has been cheated.  Why are so many MPs silent?Why is the @BBC minimising this story, & not helping investigate it?This is about money buying power. Our response will define our future in the world.We must have a vote on #Brexit deal. #Marr 
Lord Adonis says the BBC created Brexit: “The BBC gave Farage a platform he would otherwise not have had.”Sky News's Niall Paterson on Adonis: “You’re turning into the crazier, shoutier end of Twitter.”  
Just told @SkyNews that Brexit not a done deal, Parliament has yet to decide whether to aprove Mrs May’s exit terms or stay in the EU, & BBC in breach of duty of impartiality by announcing it is ‘no longer reporting’ the campaign against Brexit & giving Mr Farage huge coverage 
British #fishing problems have been caused by Westminster (& Iceland), not by Brussels.  And #Brexit not the solution.  @johnLichfield 
I have a theory that the reason Corbyn did so much better than predicted last time is that many people thought there was zero chance of him winning and it was a safe vote to cut the Tory maj plus an anti Brexit factor.Neither will happen next time. 
.@Andrew_Adonis claims the BBC "created @Nigel_Farage" and played a large role in making #Brexit happen too #Paterson 
Presumably Labour refuse donations from rich benefactors then?Oh, wait. They don't.From a party enabling a Brexit for the few not the many, who dominate British politics party because they are better funded than smaller parties, this is hypocrisy.  
Votes cast for leaving the EU in the 2016 Referendum - 17.4 million Votes cast for Lord Adonis - nil #paterson 
I’m tanning and on social media. Twitter - I have a BREXIT argument going on with followers. Instagram - Indians v Pakistanis arguing over my pic I posted! This world...?!?!?!   
Brexit has driven some people completely mad. This is utterly barmy.  
Amongst EU citizens in the UK, women are the ones who will lose more due to Brexit. They have often become the carers of elderly people or handicapped children, or they are stay-at-home parents or part-time workers. Unless CSI is removed, they are in a precarious situation.  
But at the same time, Keir, you also failed to support any way to cancel Brexit. Which means if the "deal" doesn't pass, we leave without one.#FBPE #ABTV 
So many questions about lack of info during referendum -Brexit’s impact & alternatives-& now evidence of deeper manipulation using private data. We owe it to future generations & our democracy to give people a vote on Brexit terms now we know more  
@DavidLammy What a massive over statement. I'm Remain but this scare-mongering doesn't work politically and if we do leave, its the duty of every one of us to make a success of it. #brexit 
Brexit vote was meant to:-Cause WW3-Cause Scottish independence 2.0-Increase unemployment 500-800k-Cause a recession -Make us all racist-Decrease our global influenceRemind me who the scaremongers were? 
This cavedwellinbushfightinuncrushedcitizenofnowheresaboteurremoaner wishes all registered voters a blessed Sunday and reminder to register if you haven't then to ask you only to vote for a party that does not support Brexit on 3rd May. That means not @UKLabour or @Conservatives 
One in four grants under one of the EU’s most prestigious research programmes has been awarded to UK-based researchers. That’s about £145m the UK might lose access to after #Brexit  
French newspaper organize a poll "should the Kurds have an independent state?"40000 votes 91.4 % yesRoughly the same number in south Kurdistan referendum. 
#Marr's no longer a serious political show.1) Pushed the 'Brexit cheated' nonsense.2) Pushed the 'police cuts caused knife crime' lie, then closed down @sajidjavid when he tried to address this with facts.3) Pushed fallacy that NI peace is under threat from Brexit.#Propaganda 
"If we don’t stop Brexit, we will become a twilight zone on the edge of Europe and anyone who can leave will leave."  
So up to now on #Marr I'm being told by him  (regardless of what interviewee has to say) social media is not responsible for subverting elections or referendum but is to blame for rising knife crime. How's that work then? 
When Brexit fan #Marr couldn't think of a question to interrupt Chris Wylie with, he interrupted him to tell him "we're running out of time." 
100% support for IPOB's stance.Referendum is the only way out. You can't restructure a rotten structure.  
Excellent appearance on #Marr, Christopher Wylie @chrisinsilico - thank you for stating facts and issues so clearly, and for not allowing Marr to derail the interview away from the illegality of Brexit (as he was clearly trying to do). 
Chris Wylie: "I want a democratic mandate for #Brexit".As he's explained very clearly, there is now extensive evidence that the current narrow "mandate" was obtained through wholesale electoral malpractice.This is about protecting our democracy from crooks & fraudsters.#Marr 
#marr We voted to stay in the EU or to Leave it. Nothing else. We did not vote for anything, including future arrangements. How could we? They are unknown until Agreed or they happen. People either wanted EU membership or they didn’t. They chose to Leave. No 2nd referendum needed 
Wasn't @chrisinsilico magnificent on #Marr! He was cool, he was factual, and he absolutely would not let @AndrewMarr9 talk over him and stop him making his points.And he's right. Whichever way you voted in the referendum, we all deserve a #FinalSay on the Brexit deal. 
Great job by @chrisinsilico!Leave cheated, democracy was demeaned, the Brexit mandate is not valid. We demand a #FinalSayForAll#marr 
Chris Wylie is showing #Marr up for the establishment poodle he is. Good on you @chrisinsilico. These are huge questions for our democracy, EU Referendum and corruption and the media are burying them. 
If the EU Referendum had been corrupted , it would have been corrupted byI) misuse of civil service time to produce Remain propaganda II) £9m taxpayers money spent on pro Remain pamphlet Iii) Remain massively outspending leave ( even overlooking II) Leave still won #Marrshow 
It’s now being realised by more and more people that we can have a properly-funded world-class #NHS, or we can have #BrexitBut we can’t have bothRetweet if you agree 
So why is Brexit fan #Marr who deviously tailors his show & questions to help Brexit interviewing Chris Wylie? 
I’m not sure which idiot is more useful to the Kremlin. In terms of Brexit, the Kremlin owes them both, big time.  
'Losing Britain is WORST thing that could happen to Europe' Academics demand Brexit deal  
Is Polly Toynbee high? She seriously thinks people decided to vote #Brexit because of an advert on Facebook? We've lived under the EU for 40+ years, we don't need adverts to tell us about the #EU's Fourth Reich policies - we lived it. #marr #marrshow 
On way to @SkyNews for 10am interview. Brexit not a done deal. Since BBC said last week that in their view it is, I will suggest that other public service broadcasters get a share of BBC funding so they can report fairly on the biggest issue facing the country 
Always thought my beloved Ireland will have a silver lining somewhere in this Brexit nightmare. Nothing would make me happier to see Commonwealth countries invest heavily in Ireland as a bridge to the EU markets Post Brexit.  
On @MarrShow this morning talking about Facebook, data and possible cheating in the Brexit referendum 
The evidence reveals Brexit will deliver the opposite of what Jacob Rees-Mogg promises - higher prices, lower standards, and a crippling blow to some UK industries.  
During the referendum that great panjandrum Charles Powell claimed Maggie would be a remainer. Ridiculous as this now shows.  
Scottish public preference for second independence referendum:Not in the next few years: 58%While Brexit is being negotiated: 17%Following the negotiation of Brexit: 25%via @Panelbase 101% due to rounding 
I'll keep posting this in the faint hope that some of it will get through to those advocating indefinite postponement of a new independence referendum. | Threat and response  via @BerthanPete #Referendum2018 
My interview with The Sunday Times’ Tim Shipman, on reviving the dream of home ownership, Brexit and anti-semitism. 
These Welsh sheep are worried about devolution after Brexit, and whether intergovernmental machinery is fit for purposeGiving them a taste of the new @instituteforgov paper (out tomorrow) while we wait for the lambs (hopefully out soon too) 
Brexit is going to affect 500m people, only 45m of whom had a vote, only 37% of whom only 17m voted for it.And the Brexists say the EU Is undemocratic?  
Funny, isn't it. No-one wants lower standards. But that's pretty much what Brexit guarantees. Lower levels of food hygiene, lower levels of wealth, lower levels of prosperity, lower levels of safety and security.Still, those blue passports look fab.  
Brexit can still be stopped, because MPs have been given a meaningful vote. Elected representatives can do the right thing.  My latest @FT column: 
BREXIT should be overturned! Read this before you starting shouting and screaming otherwise -  
Ok folks, packed your sun-tan cream?  Today it's "#BREXIT-BY-THE-SEA"! 6 ports, flotillas of boats, thousands of nice pro-Brexit people! Places & times:  PLEASE come along to support our fishermen and #Brexit! #coastalcommunitiescount 
Watch deleted video of Nigel Farage thanking Steve Bannon and Breitbart for Brexit  
Also - Milford Haven-10am, Newcastle-12 noon, Portsmouth - 2pm, Plymouth - 3pm, Hastings - 4pm and Whitstable with the boat burning! - 5pm.We ask all Brexiteers rally behind us to get a clean Brexit. Come down to the harbours #CoastalCommunitiesCount  
Brexit whistleblower Christopher Wylie says:‘I am a progressive Eurosceptic. I supported Leave. This is not about “remoaning”. It’s about upholding the rule of law. The UK is about to embark on the most profound change to its constitutional...  
If it’s so great, why has the UK long frustrated the EU-India FTA negotiations by stubbonly refusing to allow it? Why should Brexit change anything?  
1) US sub-standard food (eg chlorinated chicken) permitted in UK worrying, but also . . 2) Only way UK farmers could compete is to lower animal welfare & food standards too3) These devolved powers _specifically_ being grabbed from Scotland by WM after Brexit.Join the dots. 
Poaching UK academics won’t be difficult with current threats to pensions. What happened to the value of the UK ‘knowledge economy’? #USSstrike #UCUstrike @UCU #Brexit  
Blair: Germany will Stop Brexit and Force Britain to stay in the EU.Well, I suppose Germany is about as an elected representative as the House of Lords.Bring on the Next Battle #Brexiteers#Brexit #LeaveEU #DemocracyInDanger 
Britain’s ability to maintain a global military presence post-Brexit has been greatly enhanced by the opening of the Royal Navy’s new permanent base in the Gulf, according to one of Britain’s most senior officers.  
Fishermen from Cornwall are in Plymouth today to support a national day of action for the industry. They say they feel betrayed by politicians who said Brexit would mean taking control of our waters - @DefraGovUK says it's ensuring a smooth transition out of the EU. 
British banknote printer De La Rue has hired legal heavyweight Slaughter and May to help it fight the Government’s decision to let a Franco-Dutch rival make the country’s new blue passports after Brexit.  
That’s my wife and kids, my brother’s kids, my friends.  Brexit has real consequences. They shame UK.  
I feel a bit sad for my Corbynite friends who are #PCPEU. Remember if we let Brexit pass it doesn’t usher in a hundred years of socialist heaven. More likely Corbyn wins a chalice poisoned by Brexit and destroys socialism in the UK for a generation. 
De La Rue hires top lawyers for fight over post-Brexit blue passports.#Brexiteers with any sense would ask De La Rue why their quote was £120m more than the competitors.But it's #Brexit at any cost - right?#Marr  #BluePassport 
More than enough evidence to 1) redo Brexit vote and 2) regulate Facebook’s use of data.   
Elected representatives will do the right thing on Brexit  
#LyricSquare#BrexitIsItWorthIt#BigRedBus #LyricTheatre #LyricSquare #BeadonRoad #KingStreet #Hammersmith wed 21st #February2018#HammersmithW6#BrexitFactsBus #BrexitFactsBusRolling#Brexit #BrexitReality #StopBrexitSaveBritain@theresa_may @10DowningStreet @RoyalFamily 
Today’s Observer says a Labour philanthropist has been forming a new centrist party with up to £50 million available to it.But who will lead it? And which MPs will desert to it? And what policies— apart from opposing Brexit— will it have?How will it differ from the Lib Dems? Um. 
Ditch trade deal with Trump rather than accept chlorinated chicken, Britons say - The finding amounts to a public vote of no confidence in Theresa May's Brexit trade strategy  - The Independent  
Introducing Linda Chung @LCinNW as the third approved #ABTV18 candidate for #HampsteadTown Ward in #Camden. We love Linda's 'exit from brexit' campaigning!  
Hero Catalan police chief Major Trapero is being tried by Spain for 16th century crime of "sedition" because he didn't order his officers to violently remove referendum voters from the polls.  
SO, YOU CHOOSE TO VOTE TORY OR LIB DEM & GET A TORY BREXIT, GUESS YOU VOTE FOR CUTTING OFF YOUR NOSE TO SPITE YOU FACE ON THE SAME LOGIC ??? CAN'T YOU SEE A CORBYN NEGOTIATED BREXIT WOULD BE INFINITELY BETTER THAN A TORY BREXIT, BEARING IN MIND SOME FORM OF BREXIT IS INEVITABLE ? 
Brexit IS a local issue! Screwing the country means screwing every part of it.So make sure that you register now to send a message in the local elections.NO PRO-BREXIT PARTIES! 
I live in hope that Brexit may yet be cancelled. After all, this is a country whose national motto is “mathematically, we could still qualify.” 
Smart insights echoed by @mikemckenna3 in our story: “If this turns into a referendum on who is doing more for the president’s agenda, Pruitt will win.” 
The crimes & manipulations at the heart of the EU Leave campaign nullify the referendum. This is a major constitutional issue: it is not just political dishonesty but CRIME. The UK is being stolen by criminals. STOP BREXIT is a priority. 
Politics:"good morning UK""omg you fascist racist alt-right conservative idiot, brexit brexit back in my day brexit why don't you stop colluding with Greenland brexit Tony blair toothpaste prices are going up, fix this country idiot brexit left turn moron" - paul, lancashire 
Ditch Brexit trade deals rather than accept chlorinated chicken, Britons sayBritons would rather scrap post-Brexit deals than accept lower food standards.And the majority now want to #Remain in the EU, polls show. So we need a #FinalSay to #StopBrexit. 
Tony Blair is absolutely right on this one: “The most important thing is to keep the door open if the British people decide to reverse their decision by voting on the outcome of the Brexit negotiations".  
#brexit is a national mental illness since it means demanding a course of action incredibly harmful to the nation brexists profess to love 
Leave campaigner admits a second referendum is required one negotiations are over  
This is the good news. The bad news is that the BNP and other fascist groups may well feel that their views are quite adequately represented by the Brexit ultras within the Conservative Party.  
Brexit: the exercise of power - operating on an international level would give us much greater control and that is what Brexit is all about. But the exercise of power costs money. That is a lesson we will need to re-learn...  #Brexinfo. 
If 82% of Britons do not want a trade deal with the USA if it entails the lowering of food standards, can #Brexit work? #marr 
Our growth is blighted by SNP policy, rather than fears of Brexit 
SNP support slips, with little relish for referendum until after Brexit 
Irish novelist warns of Brexit-style revolt against elite on abortion vote  
Brexit batters science job market.‘Confidence is at rock-bottom in the UK's ability to attract and retain the best scientific and engineering talent from Europe.’But fish, fish, fish..... 
Without more immigration an aging population will result in Britain's economy collapsing says Credit Suisse economist  #Stopbrexit #Brexit #ABTV #VoteEU 
The only party able to fill the current political void & win new votes will be one that supports a full Brexit , revitalises the NHS , aids the homeless , halves the aid budget & immediately implements managed migration. Anything else is the same old stuff rebadged. 
The UK is being stolen: 4 reasons we are still angry about Brexit  
Julia’s been a role model for me my whole life. She’s one of the smartest, most committed, most principled people I’ve ever known. It’s not a barrel of laughs being anti-Brexit in Sunderland, but she knows every single person is important. She should really be in Parliament! 
The Germans think Brexit is Katzenfutter von Lidl (catfood from Lidl)What do you think? 
#poll You, Jeremy Corbyn & Brexit! Please retweet once voted - Many thanks  
Austria and Germany to SNUB EU demands for more billions leaving huge Brexit BLACK HOLE  
Thanks to all the quitters for reminding me that they won.Without them twitter would be dull indeed. But, I smell fear in their bravado.#FBPE #StopBrexit #brexit 
Over the last couple of days there have been a good number of threads on the abuse women who speak out against Brexit receive. They are all lovely statements of solidarity. So let's turn this into something positive and follow all who are identified in these threads, tweeps   
I talked to fishermen who voted Brexit because they looked at Iceland as a successful alternative. Iceland is in Schengen and the EEA. That is what a lot of Brexiteers voted against. Those fishermen have been deceived. Their livelihoods will not be improved by hard Brexit. 
“A German judge denying the crime of rebellion for organizing a referendum was all it took for Spain's ruling PP to go anti-EU and attack the Schengen treaty. And they said it'd be the Catalan Republic who left the EU...”  
Brexit puts Britain at mercy of larger powers, David Miliband warns  
For £50million could we just cancel Brexit and bring back Ed Miliband instead?  
on the upside at this rate new centrist political parties are definitely on track to take over from financial services as the largest sector propping up the UK economy post-brexit 
#ABTV = make your voice heard this 03/05/18 local electionsAnti-Brexit Tactical Voting = don't waste your vote, don't think it won't matter, every vote does.. make yours count..vote anti-brexit parties... simples.. 
How about the insecurity for my generation? In terms of jobs, the economy, our rights being taken away from us.And what about the #EU citizens whose lives are in limbo? @InLimboBrexit#Brexit is a devastating, scary, populist move that will take our country to dark places.  
Sunday’s INDEPENDENT DIGITAL: Public unwilling to accept lower US food standards for trade deal after Brexit #tomorrowspaperstoday 
If the UK wants to prioritise "making our own laws" above all else, I will step aside and let Brexit happen. But what I won't do, is stand by while the UK does that, in the belief we'll be richer, when years of University study and working in EU affairs, says we'll be poorer. 
I had a customer yesterday saying that 48% of the Union don’t want Brexit, but that’s democracy. I explained to her that there was nothing democratic about Brexit. Lies, no vote for expats, no say for young people. A Tory agenda, delivered! 
Austria and Germany to SNUB EU demands for more billions leaving huge Brexit BLACK HOLE  
There's just one week to go until the big day of anti-Brexit action. Find your nearest event here.  
Warning signs of a False Flag "Labour Supporter'1. Claims to be life long Labour member/supporter2. Repeats Tory slurs3. Worried about "Leftist take-over" of the party4. Won't vote Labour because of Brexit5. Not concerned about any other issue - starving kids, homelessness 
Only 8% of people polled would accept a post-Brexit trade deal which resulted in lower food standards. 
When you hear someone say they still support Brexit  
European universities, despite public dismay about Brexit, also privately see it as an opportunity to poach UK-based academics 
The inconvenient truth about centrism/Brexit; Many of the #fbpe people tearing their hair out over #Brexit never lifted a finger to help the people who were being battered by the Tories since '10. Why should these 'stupid' people who suffered change their views to suit centrists? 
Remind me how a never ending transition , £40 billion bribe to the EU, selling out fisherman & open door immigration to continue , is a commitment to Brexit ?  
I had not seen this before .... Also: my eyes hurt. The head too. Probably because I've pulled all my hair out and the top blew off  What Britain looks like after Brexit  
With a negotiated, compromised Brexit deal - how would you vote? 
Lexit. We reject it as we reject the Tory Brexit.It's backward looking and it's inward looking.We're internationalists, we're socialists, collectively at national Conference or before, we will return to our long held pro-European stance.#StopBrexit 
The #SpecialRelationship post-#Brexit- “The US will effectively push to allow American-produced Cornish pasties or Cumberland sausages..”via @Independent#AmericaFirst 
'So, we're a new centrist party' 'Like the Lib Dems then?' 'Er, no' 'So different how then?' 'Anti-Brexit' 'So like the Lib Dems?' 'Er, no' 'How are the Lib Dems doing?' 'Mentioning the Lib Dems is a SLUR' 
1. No evidence that EU27 workers take jobs from Brits2. Lack of affordable (social) UK housing not the EU's fault ( UK govt. policy)3. #Brexit will cut tax revenues by hitting growth (=> less for NHS) 4. Brexit damages UK business & jobs by raising trade costs#remoanathon 
Identification with Englishness is the best clue to understanding support for Brexit  
It's also one of the many factors that makes me have a distinct feeling of foreboding about Brexit. The slide is not inevitable and is still avoidable but I'm getting that feeling you get before a thunderstorm and I don't like it. Something is in the air. 
Brexit will be stopped, unless you leave it till the week before.Like you did during remain campaigning.And look where we are now #FBPE 
Brexit is wrong for Britain (we can’t leave the institutions of our Continent without huge damage) & ‘Lexit’ is wrong for progressives: Labour the only vehicle for radical Left governments in the last century. Stay, fight, ignore the snowflakes  
Tony Blair asks Angela Merkel to do ‘everything possible’ to reverse Brexit 
Unless you wake that idiot Corbyn up before May 3rd it wont happen..and LAb will be decimated in the locals ...  Wake him up and get him to categorically and unambiguously PROMISE to stop Brexit and I guarantee Lab will win at the Locals and the GE..   with a landslide. 
Paradox of Brexit is the most left wing leader of Labour in my lifetime should also back Brexit, the most right wing policy of my lifetime. 
Prof Prins:EU looks like an empire.It walks like an empire.It certainly talks like an empire – listen to Mr Tusk.It treats its subjects like an empire.The former Commission President Mr Barroso said it was an empire.And empires collapse"#Brexit #EU 
It's important to fight against the things that have a detrimental effect on the planet such as global warming, pollution, Brexit, Trump, racial hatred, intolerance, sexism, war.It's equal important to reflect, enjoy the moment and enjoy the beauty of life#LifeIsShort #PMHT 
The video where Rajoy admits Puigdemont did not misuse public funds on referendum  
Lord Adonis I have great respect for what you are doing but the eurosceptics have too strong a grip. Sticking with Labour will only passively enable #BrexitCountry before party, it has to beThere's no time to fight #Brexit *and* for Labour's salvation 
Labour & the Labour movement is the only means to defeat Brexit & bring about a radical reforming government. Believe me, I was a founder member of the SDP: it failed & we can’t fail this time, the stakes for the country are too high   
Study the people who campaigned for Brexit or the Press barons who champion it now.They're not talking about our NHS any more, or more money for ordinary people, they're talking trade deals and globalisation.It's a scam. More fool us if we fall for it. 
The UK is being stolen: 4 reasons we are still angry about Brexit  
Remain need to pull the rug from under Corbyn’s feet. Remember if we let Brexit pass it doesn’t usher in a hundred years of socialist heaven. More likely Corbyn wins a chalice poisoned by Brexit and destroys socialism in the UK for a generation.  
If post Brexit UK wants a trade deal with the USA, it will have to scrap all the food and health and safety standards set by the EU for the protection of the public. The US does not like them and does not want them in any trade deal. 
Arron I hate to be crass but how does this square with your tweets denying you used @CamAnalytica in Brexit outside of an initial meeting - when you posted it six months AFTER #Brexit happened? 
At Antwerp's sprawling port, the ripples from Brexit are already apparent  
Please vote ONLY Anti-Brexit on the 3rd of May #ABTV #StopBrexit #FBPE 
In a future wasteland,kids will ask their grandparents why they didn’t vote for the one party that opposed Brexit.’Tuition fees,’they’ll say 
REVEALED: Shock report shows EU nations most DAMAGED by Brexit  
I agree with Nick. Brilliant article from @bbcnickrobinson in the @NewStatesman on why @Andrew_Adonis & @mrjamesob are both barking up the wrong tree about the BBC, its motives and impartiality. And I say this as a consumer of news, not a Brexit supporter.  
BREXIT: Tony Blair calls on Angela Merkel and Germany to block Brexit /#EU #Brexit  via @MetroUK 
There was Major, Blair, Heseltine, David Miliband, Clegg, Cable and Andrew  Adonis.And then there was Brexit: a desire for a sovereign, independent, self governing, self-determining, exciting, dynamic, entrepreneurial and global facing Britain. Brexit is a plan. For our future. 
Reminder: @TheGreenParty has consistently opposed #Brexit & wants a #FinalSay referendum. We also stand up for the environment and have a full set of policies to tackle inequality. And we want a fair voting system to #MakeVotesMatter.#VoteGreen2018 
More and more revelations about dodgy dealings in the Vote Leave Campaign.  What more do they need.  The referendum should be declared null and void!    
Unionism has no answers after #Brexit is implemented. They cannot answer basic questions about multinational companies leaving, the border, social mobility, etc., so they’ve now turned to threatening violence if #IrishUnity happens due to Brexit’s severe impact. #UDADUP 
Last time Sterling performed this bad was during Brexit.#ManchesterDerby 
U.K. Universities Face Uncertainty as #Brexit Looms  
Article looking at Britain, its anti-Semitism, its press, its Foreign Secretary and its handling of Brexit negotiations. Cool Britannia we are not.  
Petition: The EU referendum result must be dismissed as not fit for purpose. #FBPE #BrexitShambles #ExitFromBrexit #EU 
Between #trump and #brexit we need to take control of our world away from this older generation who wont have to deal with the future world but votes like they will. This year the world needs to see a REALIGNMENT in the US and the UK. Enough! #NeverTrustaRepublican (or Tory). 
David Miliband tells Labour to call for a new Brexit referendum  
'I wanted my first piece of art for Brexit to be richly European, enlightened + optimistic, even as it landed with a democratic punch,' says @TychyWordpress about his intriguing story, which makes an acknowledged nod to Voltaire's 'Candide'. Recommended. 
@jeremycorbyn. Assume you will be even handed and, as you did with @OwenSmith_MP, now sack Gardiner  who undermined Labour's six test for the Withdrawal Agreement and said Good Friday Agreement is "a shibboleth" in Brexit negotiations  via @TheRedRoar 
Spanish Government: "we will NEVER dialogue with Carles Puigdemont".They say no to a referendum. No to release political prisoners. No to dialogue. Now the international community will understand what the Spanish State really is.  
The people of the Borough of Hastings voted 54.9% for the United Kingdom to Leave the European Union. The constituents of Hastings & Rye voted 55.94% for Leave. By any measure, there was a decisive majority in Hastings for Brexit.  
The constant stream of anti-Cymraeg messages on social media. Is there some resourced British centre which generates the guff and shoves it out to people who front it? Could be part of a deep operation post-Brexit to re-incorporate us? Sort of #BritBots 
Plotting? A few people would want to grow up.....#brexit  
#FBPE - even the Daily Mail now reporting Brexit cheating by Leave campaign & AIQ!Facebook suspends Canadian firm AggregateIQ over data scandal  via @MailOnline 
Thought long & hard about this one & this is not meant as a criticism of anyone we are all entitled to our opinion. However #Brexit presents a golden opportunity for Scotland to become an independent nation. If we don't go soon we will not be going in my lifetime! 
Former Tory leader Iain Duncan Smith says dividend after Brexit: no new migrants without job no benefits for 5 years. Sounds great 
Getting all ready for tomorrow afternoon!! :-DCome rally behind the flotillas to stop the Brexit transition betrayal that could see our fishing culled.#CoastslCommunitesCount #NoDealsBetterThanABadDeal #SaveBritainsFish #WalkAwayMay 
Brexit trade deal: US lays out 'wishlist' and it does not look good for the UK  
Looking forward to welcoming fmr Labour leader @Ed_Miliband to discuss the politics of Britain, #Brexit and Europe. @UChiPolitics Tuesday. 5:30 p.m! 
Brexit/Trump: a world revolution to enrich the few at the expense of the many.   
So Robin doesn’t want a United Ireland mentioned in the context of Brexit as that would be ‘exploitive’ but using is to ‘cherish & amplify the Union’ is ok!   
Irish shipping companies are making plans to bypass British ports after Brexit and travel direct to the continent to avoid new customs checks and possible tailbacks. 
Check out these dedicated supporters selling @Together4yes  and @repealproject merch at the Pop Up Mart in Rathmines today! Everything sold helps in the referendum effort #together4yes 
Facebook suspends AggregateIQ amid Cambridge Analytica and Brexit claims  
After much helpful advice, my twitter biog now: “Labour peer, Brexit denier, ‘Farage of the Centre’ (Nick Cohen), ‘twisted weasel’ (Farage himself)” 
Dear future historians, Please write about the Brexit lie-spinners and reality-twisters in the terms they deserve!  
Britain's "mature democratic tradition" is broken. FPTP prevents new political forces emerging. The referendum was a coup built on lies and deliberate cheating. Ironically, the only scrutiny is coming from the unelected Lords. Britain is rapidly becoming a former democracy. 
You want Corbyn to win but you're not gonna vote for him? And you expect him to stop Brexit, which he can only do as PM? If we don't have an election in next 12mths it will be too late!  
Obviously you live in a neighbourhood that is untouched by years of Tory austerity b/c right now that's the overwhelming issue destroying lives. And as a psychiatrist you should know the stages of grieving and understand Brexit will come unless a new deal is struck for the people  
Far from saving the BBC, their supine stance on Brexit could be the destruction of them.  
How much harder would #Brexit have been had the UK adopted the euro back in 2000? | @yanisvaroufakis 
The ability to question *if* Brexit happens ended in June 2016 when the British public, in unprecedented numbers, gave their instructions. And every time Tony Blair,  @campbellclaret and their pals say we got it wrong, I venture that support for delivering it grows yet further... 
Does anyone know how #Skripals became 'news'? Two unknown members of the public became ill & then international 'news'. Given NO ONE could have known what is, still, unproven about nerve agent responsibility, WHY is this even 'news'? #CambridgeAnalytica #ToryElectionFraud #brexit 
So it turns out Brexit Burnley, everyone’s favourite overachievers, are actually a team of divers and time wasters. Who knew? 
Tony Blair asks Merkle to help reverse Brexit. Where to start on this...   
Would you rather Fund Brexit or The NHS? @PhilipHammondUK is setting aside £Billions to cover the cost of Brexit (if you’d prefer that spent on the NHS please sign and share:  ) 
Newt Gingrich: California may elect a Republican governor -- Incredible as that sounds! Let’s get behind this man!!! Turn Cali Red referendum on liberal derangement!  
Brexit IS a matter of when not if. The PEOPLE decided that. 
I now declare from this point on that if you mention any on the list below you have no original thought.HitlerTony Blair war criminalLibdem tuition feesAny use of the prefix "neo"EliteAnything I've  missed?#FBPE #StopBrexit #brexit 
."Tucked away in the Good Friday Agreement is provision for a referendum on Irish unification, but 20 years ago no one imagined it would be triggered.Brexit & the prospect of new border posts dividing north & south changed that.". 
According to reports in Brussels the EU faces bigger problems than Brexit as Hungary goes to the polls and the popular vote is against open, unchecked borders. Hungary, Poland, the Czechs, Italians, Slovakia and others are planning to keep their sovereignty and vet immigrants. 
'Hungary is a BIGGER threat to EU than Brexit' How Orban's victory could TOPPLE Brussels  
Spot on from Owen Jones : Orban’s quest for an ‘illiberal state’ another reason to stop Brexit  
This Northern Irish girl had to fly to Turkey to get affordable private healthcare when the NHS waiting lists were too long.Our NHS is in real trouble and Brexit is already driving away staff and increasing costs. 
#marr Every political program on BIAS BBC, out comes bloody guardian journalist bore. Every one says same thing always. I hate Donald Trump & I hate Brexit YAWN, YAWN, YAWN, YAWN. Polly Toynbee one worst of them all. Stop putting them on  BBC no ones listening to them FFS.  
The man's a hero. He shouldn't have been arrested in the first place. A medal for bravery would be far more appropriate. #BBC #LBC @LBC #SKY #UK #EU @Conservatives @ConHome #ConservativeParty #Tories #Labour #BREXIT @theresa_may 
Port of Southampton ready for Brexit, claims Fareham MP Suella Fernandes. The Hampshire port handles £40bn of exports each year, 90% of which is destined for countries outside the European Union.  
The more I read about the way the Brexit referendum was subjected to undue influence and the subterfuge of the immoral, the more I fear how the body politic of our nation will be harmed by this cancer of dishonesty. Nothing grows well in soil tainted by lies and malice. 
Oh, good strategy. Don’t vote Labour get Tories and a hard hard Brexit. FFS 
There is no making the best of it.There is no mitigating the damage.There is no other deal worth having.There is no soft Brexit.There is only #StopBrexit 
Not only did Vote Leave overspend, they also used a data firm that erroneously used users' Facebook data to benefit the campaign. Without a doubt this brings into doubt the legitimacy of the referendum result and Parliament must act accordingly. 
Vote Leave's marketing firm gets booted off of Facebook for suspect behaviour. The referendum was meant to be an honest debate about our country's future - it's a shame on our politicians that it is mired in conspiracy and controversy. 
Even centrists like @Andrew_Adonis are losing faith in the @BBC over Brexit.@BBCNews has presented Brexiters’ claims, lies and soundbites as fact.And it has ignored the campaign to #Remain.#StopBrexit views must be given full and fair coverage.  
I notice on you're bio that you say you hate the Tories. Do you not realise that if you don't vote for Labour that is in effect a vote for the Tories. As has already been said Corbyn can't do anything about Brexit. So if you really care about ppl vote Labour at every opportunity 
Mr Robinson seems to think brexit is over. It's not. It is an ongoing uncertainty. It is the most massive socioeconomic change ever envisaged but has not yet even been defined. Everything, EVERYTHING happening in the UK is impacted by it right now. Ignoring that imposes his bias. 
Johnny Marr: How Trump and Brexit inspired political new album 'Call the Comet'  
No. It is that the BBC has decided Brexit whatever form is a matter of when not if. Not covering binary choice.  
This is a good defence of the BBC on Brexit, but fails to address a key complaint: not that Brexiters are allowed on air, but that their claims go too frequently unchallenged  
Brexit: giving away everything we have to take back something we already had. 
Apparently I suffer from a condition called ‘Brexit denial.’ The only know cure is not to Brexit & make Britain great again 
Article also hints at wisdom of holding the second independence referendum in next 18months max .. remember great window, loads of new allies in Europe and a weak UK Gov ruining itself on Brexit. #NowIsHour 
The company which received the bulk of #Brexit @Vote_Leave spending is banned from Facebook because of its links to #CambridgeAnalytica Seems @carolecadwalla's 'conspiracist hearsay' is gaining more traction day by day 
I'm not sure I understand the emoji but it looks like @chrisinsilico & the AIQ/Brexit data scandal just went mainstream. FINALLY.  
Brexit: Shipping groups plan to bypass Britain.Freight hauliers plan to bypass UK ports as concern grows about queues and red tape.Brexit is putting jobs and trade at risk. #StopBrexit and #Remain. #FBPE. 
Just a reminder that Everton can not beat B team Liverpool with Klavan at LB and a Brexit upfront 
Brexit trade deal: US lays out 'wishlist' and it does not look good for the UK.US Trade Representative wants to scrap a host of EU rules on food safety, chemicals, animal welfare and the environment 
Facebook suspends AIQ data firm that used personal information without consent for Brexit campaign AIQ was given £3.5m by groups campaigning for Brexit, including Vote Leave, the Democratic Unionist Party, Be Leave, Veterans for Britain 
Our daily reminder to register to vote for local elections in England.Deadline to register: 17 AprilElection Day: Thurs May 3 Send a #StopBrexit message (#ABTV = anti-Brexit tactical vote)@The3Million @nusuk @OFOCBrexit @YEM_UK @BrexitStudents … … 
If this is true, Labour have an even bigger problem on Brexit than before.#ABTV 
The right think out of the wreckage of a hard brexit will come an unfettered free market, the left think out it will come the People’s Socialist State of Britain. But I reckon we’ll just end up skint, like a badly run nursing home,or Cuba without the sunshine and cigars. 
A safe life??? My life is in tatters because of bloody Brexit! I am one of @the3million treated by the government as a pawn, dehumanized and bullied by the right wing press and the Home Office. Not knowing if I can stay here after 30 years. What an insulting post! @InLimboBrexit 
Responding to @Keir_Starmer’s speech“The weight of opinion is shifting towards the @LibDems position, & I urge Keir Starmer & @UKLabour frontbench to listen to brave voices on their own benches who back the Liberal Democrat call for a vote on the Brexit deal” says @thomasbrake 
Merkel MUST BLOCK BREXIT: Blair urges Germany to do EVERYTHING POSSIBLE to stop UK leaving  
Incredibly important & measured response by @37paday to @bbcnickrobinson statements on BBC impartialityRobinson (and the BBC) may be suffering from unconscious bias on #Brexit, but it's still biasRobinson's ukip-lite language on FoM & sovereignty clearly reveal this  
Remember that a promise to treat the referendum as binding is a promise to do something which is illegal.#A50Challenge Parliament hasn’t voted to leave the EU, it’s merely said PM may notify.#Brexit is an illusion.  
What a foolish thing to say.Like millions of others, Brexit will affect, or has affected:My futureMy careerMy wife's residency rightsMy retirement plansMy savingsMy living costsMy faith in UK politicsTry thinking about others for a change.#FBPE 
EXCLUSIVE Shadow Trade Secretary Barry Gardiner calls the Good Friday Agreement a "shibboleth" and says Keir Starmer's six Brexit tests are "meaningless" at a private briefing in Brussels.  
.Mainstream Unionists are getting very nervousThey can see where Brexit is heading....& they don't like the final destination of the Big Red Brexit Bus#Dublin 
The Boris Brexit Bus:  
If you're not aware Tory MEP @CharlesTannock has been opposing the madness of #Brexit and campaigning to keep the UK in the EU from day one. So let's give him a big cheer, and a whole lot more follows!#StopBrexit #FBPE 
'The book’s publication is timely. It is to be hoped that many young women will read this book and understand the vision of women like HSS. But also, in this era of Trump and Brexit, we would also do well to remind ourselves of HSS’s internationalism'  
If you are among the thousands who demonstrated again Brexit a fortnight ago only to have your voice silenced by the #BrexitBroadcastingCorporation, please lodge a formal complaint: 
So @Lawyers4Choice are out in City Hall with @freesafelegal and @Together4yes to answer any questions people might have about the upcoming referendum , feel free to pop by  
10 days left to register to vote in the Local Elections. You have a voice. You need to vote. You need to send a clear message to @UKLabour and @Conservatives on May 3rd that we will not roll over and have Brexit imposed upon us. We demand a #FinalSay #ABTV 
My problem with "Reality will stop Brexit!" ? Think of any country that was broken by a fascist coup. Reality didn't step in for any of them."Reality will stop Brexit!" is Remain's own flavour of British exceptionalism. As deluded as blue passports or cherry picked trade deals. 
Now Blair is demanding that Merkel do everything she can to block Britain's brexit. Perhaps Murdochs ex wife could help - he´s tried just about everyone else. Blair is Toxic. A worm who through corruption and dishonesty avoided justice for Iraq. 
Facebook suspends AIQ data firm used by Vote Leave in Brexit campaign  
Why are we (US) paying "Moneybags" Miliband, a British national, nearly $700,000 salary to run a refugee contracting agency and he is busy debating Brexit with British leaders. @theIRC #refugees 
What we need, right now, is for the more than four hundred MPs who understand that #Brexit would be a disaster to get together in the @HouseofCommons and use whatever parliamentary procedure is most appropriate, to #StopBrexit. It is their job to do what is best for the... 
ICYMI: The National Union of Students has thrown its weight behind a people’s vote on the final #Brexit deal. Read more here: 
This sounds like a threat from David Trimble to mobilise Loyalist violence. He should be stripped of his Nobel Peace Prize #brexit  
Brexiters see the Commonwealth as their trading empire. They are sadly deluded.Nearly every Commonwealth country opposed Brexit. Old imperial patterns won’t replace lost EU trade.We’re better off if we #StopBrexit and #Remain in the EU. #FBPE. 
Lack of UK Govt thinking about post Brexit food supply is worrying. Is old arrogance resurfacing that others should feed the Brits? Australian Trade Minister speech to FDF 27 March was clear Oz has other priorities. See my piece for Farmers Guardian:  
Why do such easily disproven lies keep pervading brexit. Ireland had a vote they voted against EU, Irish government went to EU to get a better deal and got one leading the country to vote stay by 67% it now has the highest satisfaction rate in the EU of being in the EU 
IDS writes up his proposal for a sensible Immigration Policy post Brexit - Which many we would argue should always have been the case #COMMONSENSE 
As Food Brexit totters on, please note the weakened state UK food 'police' are in. Since 2011 big cuts in environmental protection, food inspection, veterinary staff. See figures:  U-turn now underway! Massive recruitment now happening. What a mess! 
A big potential Brexit dividend: drop tariffs on solar tech. We don’t produce it. The EU has a 65% combined (anti dumping & anti subsidy) tariff. Good for consumers. Good for energy production. Good for the environment. EU presently stopping it. Let’s take the lead on this. 
#ABTV #FBPE #Labour The only way to end Brexit is with a pro-EU LabourThe only way to a pro-EU Labour is to replace CorbynThe only way to replace Corbyn is to reject Labour until he is forced outVote for any pro-EU party, we don't care. Just reject Brexit. 
."When it comes to Brexit, as Whitford put it to me, many Scots feel like “we’re not in the back seat of Theresa’s car, we’re in the boot”.". 
From a fellow Remoaner @MatthewParris3 wise words from sadly a very small chance now given perfect Brexit storm between HMG determined hard Brexit & @jeremycorbyn support for it for diametrically different reasons. 
UK’s youngest Brexit voter has died aged seventy three 
Problem with those in Govt who wanted Brexit is they are by nature moaners, not doers. They moaned for 45 years. They’re not used to doing. 
Burning their boats: Fishermen in nationwide protest against government betrayal that keeps them in the disastrous EU Common Fisheries Policy  #Brexit 
The MPs who voted for the 2016 ReferendumThe MPs who voted to trigger Article 50The MPs who passed the withdrawal billThe MPs who approve the new EU Treaty WITHOUT a #PeoplesVote on it.If Brexit happens, with all the obvious consequences, Voters will remember how we got here. 
Putting a stop to Brexit, which is still achievable, doesn't fit in with either party's plans for power. Doing the decent thing is an altruistic act that serves neither party. Only those who oppose Brexit can stop it & we must do everything in our power to do so. For our nation. 
Well done In the mean time children starve.Kids get stabbed in London.The NHS dies before our eyes.We get a Tory hard Brexit.....fuck wit!  
Be able to say "I was there"! Tomorrow, help to turn back the tide of defeatism. Support our fishermen and stand up for a true, clean #Brexit.  All up-to-date details of tomorrow's events are on our site here:  
We voted to LEAVE - Not be trapped in a Transition obeying all EU law AFTER Brexit!WE IMPLORE ALL BREXITEERS TO COME SUPPORT THE BREXIT FLOTILLAS THIS SUNDAY AFTERNOON! #CoastalCommunitiesCount #WalkAwayMay#SaveBritainsFish 
Putin is engaged in a hybrid war against democracy, which he sees as a threat to his autocratic grip on power. #Brexit & its politics of lies are handing Putin a massive strategic victory in that war.The government is helping Britain's enemy.#BrexitBetraysBritain#StopBrexit 
.Despite all The Sun's bravado, do you think the penny is finally dropping with its editors, 'journalists' & readers that Brexit Britain will be a place to avoid, a place to bypass..... an irrelevance?.  
Exactly this. Brexit CAN be stopped. Now.We could spend money on the NHS RIGHT NOW. Schools, the police, affordable housing. WE COULD FUND THEM RIGHT NOW!Instead we are spending billions on Brexit to get a worse deal. #StopBrexitSaveBritain#WATON 
Meanwhile in the UK....the search continues for a #Brexit voter who can explain how #Brexit is going to benefit Britain  
The government hasn’t even got a withdrawal deal yet, but already we can see more clearly the sheer damage Brexit is capable of doing. So why not have a #FinalSay? We deserve a #PeoplesVote so we can really decide if the government’s final Brexit deal is one which works for us.  
BOOM: Just one year to go until Brexit and UK exports of goods and services is at a record high.Another nail in the coffin for Project Fear. 
Slowly but surely, Brexit is starting to shape up.  
Answer me this. There was no money available or political will to address the issues that became the causes of Brexit. Now suddenly we can afford to haemorrhage money to pay for Brexit and both @UKLabour & @Conservatives are grimly determined to see it through. Tell me why? 
They have to want to come. That is what @OwenPaterson and others have never grasped. Immigration is not guaranteed. You have to be attractive. And after Brexit we're far less so. Hence, NHS and farming are already in crisis.  
Hear this! We will leave the open sky’s agreement and 750 other international agreements when we leave. #Brexit is madness, it can and must be stopped #ExitFromBrexit 
I’m guessing Nigel doesn’t want you to RT this.  You know what to do. Watch deleted video of Nigel Farage thanking Steve Bannon and Breitbart for Brexit  
Would you please send me information about government activities that have gone well. Anything will do: infrastructure programmes, IT projects, defence procurements - all those success stories. Things to really get me behind the idea that Brexit wouldn’t just be an omnicluster. 
3) Because Nz has delicious milk it also has delicious chocolate. @WhitakersChocs outsells @CadburyUK Britain needs @WhitakersChocs Hokey-Pokey chocolate like it needs another referendum. 4) And yet for all their tasty milk their cheese is mostly meh. 
There is no strategy and nothing Remainers say or do can undermine whatever nonsense the government is trying but failing to do.This one is on you, brexists.If we get a crap deal, it's because brexit is a crap deal, you did that.#StopBrexit 
The EU can tell the US to go whistle. One small country on its own can’t. As brexit supporters tell me - wrongly - we export more to the US than EU. In that case we are even more vulnerable. Just buy EU products post brexit - it’s healthier. #StopBrexit 
Of course, the #Brexit negotiations give Spain leverage on #Gibraltar issues. Thanks, reckless #Brexiters! 
The US 'wishlist' for the post-Brexit US-UK trade deal requires the UK to align food safety standards enabling the US to more easily import... chlorinated chicken and steroid filled livestock anyone? BrexitShambles #StopBrexit 2/ 
Left wing: If only people could see the world as we see it.Right wing: If only people could see the world as we see it.Centre: Lets see the world as it is  create a space for everyone.Extreme positions can only work for some. Society has to work for all.#FBPE #brexit 
According to SOME comments on my t/line  there seems to be a CURIOUS notion that the PM is accountable ONLY to Parliament & not to the ElectorateHow STRANGE !Given that she has attempted unsuccessfully to by-pass Parliament on #Brexit & Cameron ALSO tried it on with Stat.Inst. 
I just came across this - which I wrote in Dec 2015 about the "Brexit dividend" (then being promised to science & NHS by Vote Leave).It's even more true today. See:  
None of us know what the final Brexit deal will look like, a deal which will affect us for generations. That’s why the people deserve a #FinalSay. Remainers AND Leavers are entitled to voice their opinion on whether they like the deal the government gets. We need a #PeoplesVote 
."Nearly every Commonwealth country opposed Brexit. Leavers are wrong to hope old imperial patterns will replace EU trade.". by @IGJack in The @guardian 
Iain Duncan Smith is spot on. After Brexit we can manage immigration to choose the very best talent from the whole world.  via @MailOnline 
The Irish border issue can be solved by having no controls on the border......say those who insist that Brexit is about UK taking control of its borders. 
Keir Starmer says Labour is prepared to vote down Brexit bill  
It is hard to imagine this could be written by an MP from a Scottish constituency in the midst of #Brexit & Tory imposed #austerity.  It’s a sad example of both Labour tribalism & the triumph of flawed political dogma over the daily experience of social & individual suffering. 
2. There's no way any politician can justify proceeding with this #BrexitShambles w/o at least Retesting the current Will of the Ppl.W/o offering a Binding #FinalSayForAll on the Autumn Deal + a #StopBrexitSaveBritain option, no #Brexit can be deemed legitimate. #FairVote #ABTV 
Sinn Fein's Northern Ireland MEP says she has obtained secret Civil Service documents outlining "the disastrous consequences" Brexit will have on Northern Ireland. 
1. When will those craven MPs, who fail to put natl interest 1st, wake up to the harsh reality; the #Brexit vote & process was subverted & flawed, the Will of the People unclear & misrepresented & that our country can only end up Poorer, Weaker with Fewer Rights & less Control.  
Less than seven weeks to go until the referendum!! It’s SO important that you check to make sure you can vote on May 25!   #together4yes 
56 murders this year and not ONE word from Hope not Hate. If just one of them was a racist murder their pages would be screaming. Just saying like #coventry #norwich #ipswich #brighton #brexit #trump #westham #pienmash #5w 
."There's every chance to stop Brexit and I think it's the Northern Irish border that will trip the whole thing over.". 
In today's news:- Fishermen in mass protest at EU transition- Brexit talks focus on Ireland- Britain opens first naval base overseas in 50 years- Polish leader backs Hungary's eurosceptic PM 
Remember how much fun the credit crunch was? That was about a 2% dip in economy.  Brexit predicted to be worse by civil servants.  Why are we doing this? It can and must be stopped!  #ExitFromBrexit @LibDems 
*VOTE & RT*Should the London Assembly pass a vote of no confidence in London Mayor Sadiq Khan?-Murder capital-Incessant self-promotion-Getting into debates way above his remit (Trump & Brexit)-Hate crime hub-Acid attacks-& lots more!Send a firm message: #SackSadiq 
Catalan Mayor: “I’ve been notified that I’m being investigated for disobedience for having participated in the organization of the referendum on Oct 1 in Molins de Rei …. They won’t budge my determination to achieve a better society with more freedom.”  
The Brexit scam unravels further...  
Wow...for ‘hear no evil, see no evil’ Facebook to suspend a company it must be dodgy. Please read this thread by @carolecadwalla It highlights he key points in this Brexit-Cambridge Analytica scandal. #FinalSay 
Remember, send us your questions about the legal effects of the May 25 referendum, and the proposed reforms! There's a lot of bad lawyering out there, and we're here for all your myth-busting needs. 
Awful that Major Trapero, former leader of the Catalan police force is being charged with sedition for refusing to order his officers to brutalise peaceful voters on referendum day. The leaders of the Guardia Civil and National Police should be on trial  pic.twitter.com/mVpzhaF8tT 
Bus not invent yet, or Brexit. So just paint random lie on cave wall for now. 
It was an honor & pleasure to invite the official delegation from the UK parliament & Local SL business leaders. UK is our partner & As  Minister of Investment we can offer to UK a comprehensive free trade deal agreements (post-Brexit )@SDoughtyMP @Gobannimo @RosieTapper1 
Brexit not invent yet, so just make big dumb random tribe mistake of pointless huge stupid for now. 
Britain's fleet will be BANKRUPT: Fishermen protest in fury over EU Brexit transition deal  
Government, Foreign Secretary and BBC itself have all lost credibility because of Iraq and BrexitThis leaves the whole country vulnerable to Kremlin propaganda#r4today 
There once was a vote for a #brexit,The country decided to exit,The effects are now clearer,EVERYTHING'S dearer,Believe we DON'T have to accept it!#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
“Well my own feeling is that Brexit is unnecessary. I have a son who married a Swedish girl, and I have a daughter that married a German, and I absolutely refuse to regard my own grandchildren as foreigners" #stopbrexitsavebritain #FInalSayForAll  
As Brexit Britain will be so big and tough I fully expect Trump to roll over before our trade might and adopt all UK trade standards across the US. Anything less than them all having British plugs is failure.  
As a Dutchman having lived, worked and raised a family in UK,the feeling that best describes my #brexit emotions is:Come on UK, I love you and respect you, but also be aware,there’s nothing special about you as a country that means you  deserve ‘special treatment’ from  EU. 
The worry for Leavers is that this added to the finance issues currently under investigation by the Electoral Commission could undermine the legitimacy of the referendum outcome.  
"#BREXIT-BY-THE-SEA!" It's tomorrow! Choose one of 6 ports around the country, mass protest organised by @fishingforleave and supported by @Facts4euOrg .  PLEASE attend, it's important and it will be fun. For details:  
Well said! “The Scottish Government should do all it can to maximise growth..However...it is absolutely crucial to realise the limitations of Holyrood’s powers, which pale into insignificance relative to the backdrop of UK Government austerity and Brexit.”  
If there's one thing Jonesy won't stand it's the denial of democracy.Unless you count the Brexit vote as democratic.In which case, he's denier-in-chief.  
Enough is enough. Labour’s disastrous Human Rights Act is an abomination. A charter for crooks, terrorists & other undeserving cases. We need a referendum to force MPs to get rid of it.   
‘I don’t regret the obsessive interest we Remainers are taking in this great question of our time. For the (Tory) party and the country Brexit has been a huge mistake, and I’m not conceding. I still argue that we can reverse the decision’ @MatthewParris3 
Labour are red.Tories are blue.Brexit's a fraud.They're all conning you.#StopBrexitSaveBritain#Brexit 
Former foreign secretary David Miliband has again called for a second Brexit referendum, warning global instability since the 2016 vote has made it more dangerous for Britain.  
Is @BBCNews covering the suspension for possible wrongdoing of the company without whom Brexit  wouldn't have happened (according to Vote Leave itself)? Of course it isn't.  
Britain sees the Commonwealth as its trading empire. It is sadly deluded: Nearly every Commonwealth country opposed Brexit. Leavers are wrong to hope old imperial patterns will replace EU trade  
David Milliband "joins former prime ministers Major and Blair, & Liberal Democrat leader Cable in calling for another vote on Brexit - something both Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn have ruled out."Good. We need him back in UK politics.#brexitshambles 
Facebook suspends Aggregate IQ - misused in the Referendum by Vote Leave, BeLeave, Veterans 'for Britain' and (Theresa May's coalition partner) the DUP - because of possible links to Cambridge Analytica (). 
UK’s youngest Brexit voter has died aged seventy three 
Watch Filthy Lying Traitor Trudeau Suck Up To Chair of UN Refugees For His UN Seat.ONLY 8% Of Canadians Want More Immigration/Refugees. CANADA -  Contact your MP/MPP/CIty Hall - DEMAND REFERENDUM & CHANGE.#cdnpoli #TrudeauForTreason #Overtaxed #mybordersmychoice #UN #Soros pic.twitter.com/mAXwLYdeRm 
David Miliband tells Labour to call for a new Brexit referendum  
Farage Thanks Bannon, Breitbart for "helping hugely" in #Brexit In light of Cambridge Analytica, this clip isn't aging well...#TheResistance 
Latest on Facebook suspensions by @carolecadwalla to better understand how Trump, Bolton, Brexit intersect across USA, UK, Canada and companies called AggregateIQ, Cambridge Analytica, and SCL Elections.  
Here it is. > Facebook suspends AggregateIQ.> Cambridge Analytica data scandal implodes. EVEN MORE> Key questions for Vote Leave, official campaign which employed firm and paid it 40% of entire referendum budget 
If Leavers are a real majority how can they be thwarted by a 'minority'? Here's a novel idea, maybe Brexit is just a bad idea & the larger markets will always win out? Maybe you'll learn the lesson when the US faxes its *demands* for a trade deal & the UK just signs it. 
“Despite initial civil service claims that it had no assessments, we have now received more than 30 papers on the impact of Brexit which it had shared with the British government.”Well.    
#British #fishermen were sold down the river in 1973 and they are being betrayed once again in the #Brexit negotiations. @fishingforleave have organized nationwide protests this weekend. Get yourself down to one and help save our #fishing industry!   
Since Brexit means Brexit, surely by the same token CHEATING MEANS CHEATING! 
Brexit: an isolated offshore island? - the rest of the world is not waiting for Mrs May to make up her mind on Brexit. They are making their own plans and, in many instances, these do not include the UK...  #Brexinfo. 
Brexit trade deal: US lays out 'wishlist' and it does not look good for the UK.US wants to get rid of our rules on everything from animal welfare to chemicals.Stop chlorine-washed chickens filling supermarket shelves. #StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
Many will agree that the Brexit vote was a shortsighted and unfortunate decision much motivated by misconceptions & myths about what was happening in the relationship with the EU.If Brexit is fair, sensible and just, then let’s vote on the final detail.  
Wow, this is big. Surely that referendum must be challenged by our government now. No more excuses.#StopBrexit 
653 days since the manipulated, advisory fucking referendum. 653 fucking days listening to fucking muppets telling me they fucking knew what they fucking voted for. 25 days until I know what I will be voting for, & that's no Brexit, so no @UKLabour and no fucking @Conservatives. 
“The BBC is no longer reporting on the binary choice which faced the electorate..." is chilling statement, a news blackout on a subject opposed by millions. Now I know why @BBCNews failed to report on the thousands at the #GreatNorthernMarch #Brexit  
Brexit, with all it's inherent contradictions, undermines itself. It's an ill researched & poorly understood proposition by even it's own advocates that's now being ineptly negotiated by the Tory gov't to the detriment of the country. It's a national embarrassment - on steroids. 
The UK is, and always has been, remain apart from a short period over the referendum.  
When we need to stay close to our friendsWe push them awayWhen we need to build bridgesWe pull them downWhen we need to be openWe put up a wallWhen we need to prove our trustworthiness We prove our deceitBrexitFucked up beyond reason, beyond logic, beyond words. 
 Food safety Chemicals Animal welfare Environmental standards Geographic indicatorsThe US sets out its 'wishlist' for de-regulation in a post #Brexit trade deal: 
Brexit talks stuck on Ireland  via @Politicoeurope 
I am hearing a lot from his supporters. I just want to hear Mr Corbyn @jeremycorbyn say for himself he doesn't want Brexit. 
Let me see if I’ve got this straight...Brexit is bad for farmers, fishermen, every region of the U.K., risks peace in Northern Ireland, is costing billions and leading to more cuts  and the major right wing Brexit accounts are now like “Yeah whatever now about these Muslims...” 
Astonishing stance, official: “The BBC is no longer reporting on the binary choice which faced the electorate in the referendum but is examining the Brexit negotiations and the impact of Brexit on the UK and the wider world”  
Uachtarán Shinn Féin @MaryLouMcDonald asking young people to speak out loud, to tell us what is the #OneThing about #Brexit that concerns you? Have your say - use #OneThing  #RudAmháin 
.@BBCNews .@BBCr4today Your right wing pro Brexit bias and lack of reporting on remain activities means I no trust your impartialitySack Humphreys#BBCBias #BrexitBroadcastingCorporation I now rely on channel 4, CNN, @SkyNewsBye#StopBrexit 
#DavidDavis must be a happy bunny these days. With all the fuss surrounding the alleged Russian poisoning no one remembers about his role in negotiating the sort of #Brexit deal that would have got him a meeting with the hangman back in the old days. 
Should Nicola Sturgeon call for a second referendum on Scottish independence to happen before the United Kingdom exits the EU? by Alex Barrett  
Awful that Major Trapero, former leader of the Catalan police force is being charged with sedition for refusing to order his officers to brutalise peaceful voters on referendum day. The leaders of the Guardia Civil and National Police should be on trial. #Catalonia #TrapHero pic.twitter.com/Koq3JkCRIa 
Economic consequences are clear, as you say. The regret will come from a younger generation deprived of jobs and opportunities. The important part you don't mention is that Brexit is a right wing project supported by a wealthy middle class. It wasn't just rage against austerity.  
Liam Fox has said standards would not be lowered, but other Tories like Rees-Mogg have been calling for just that, & here is the USA saying it wants to scrap a host of EU rules on food safety, chemicals, animal welfare & the environment #Brexit #StopBrexit 
‘61% of UK small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) want to reverse the Brexit process and retain membership of the EU’#ExitFromBrexit #voteonthedeal  
Wow. If anyone had any remaining doubt that Brexit was ideologically driven, have no more doubt. Failed politicians threatening UK business leaders - support Brexit or else.  
This Brexiter troll  with a very large following supports both Farage and Rees-Mogg. And this shows that Rees-Mogg is no longer a Tory, but the candidate of the Trump-Bannon-ERG axis - a political extremist allied with foreign forces. #StopBrexit #Brexit 
Why @UKLabour must back a new Brexit referendum.In the era of Trump unilateralism and Russian aggression, EU withdrawal is more reckless than ever, says @DMiliband.It’s more important than ever to have a #FinalSay vote to #StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
No public money spent on the referendum, says Mariano Rajoy. VIDEO subtitles in German  
Nigel Farage thanking Steve Bannon & Breitbart for helping secure victory for the Leave side in the EU referendumBreitbart has deleted the clip  
BFE: Teaming up with the other leading national movements opposed to Brexit and promoting unity and cooperation with our European partners, we're proud to be a part of the Joint National Day of Action on April 14th! For more, log onto   and join in! #FBPE 
Try talking to the people who have already lost their jobs to brexit. Talk to farmers, fishermen, the owners of small service industry companies. Actually make a pass at balance. 
Brexit batters science job market  
When you can at least mention tens of thousands of people demonstrating monthly against brexit, and to save the #NHS, maybe we’ll be able to agree there’s more balance. 
Fulham now owe it to Wolves manager Nuno Espírito Santo to catch Cardiff and deny them automatic promotion. This is bigger than football. We cannot let Warnock succeed. Sod Brexit, this is the big one. #ffc 
It is simply not acceptable for these gentlemen - whose knowledge of these things is very limited - to trash anyone’s professional competence because they don’t like her, forceful, personal opinions on Brexit. 
“Well done Breitbart. Well done Bannon. You helped with this, hugely”.  Deleted by Breitbart, here’s the clip of Farag thanking them for helping the Brexit result.   
Panic at David Davis’s Brexit dept tonight as staff are informed their pay will be performance-related  
Brexit is simply the greatest risk the UK has taken in 70 years or more, and it’s based on nothing but falsehoods, hype and irrational ideologies.   
Why should we vote only for pro-EU parties in the May 3 local elections? Here is a DExEU response to a petition claiming, misleadingly given the intention of the claim, that 85% voted for parties committed to respecting the referendum result.#StopBrexit #Brexit #ABTV #VoteEU 
Michel Barnier, the European Union’s chief Brexit negotiator, has repeatedly warned that frictionless trade is impossible outside of the bloc’s single market and customs union even if there is a UK-EU free trade agreement.Who’d of guessed?#FBPE 
Jeez .... Awful. But if anything this makes me even more determined in the fight against Brexit.  
EU on the brink as Netherlands issues THIS warning to Brexit negotiator Barnier   
I am so up for the local elections. I'm so up for telling Labour & the Tories where to shove their #Brexit I'm so up for fighting for a #FinalSayForAll this year, next & beyond. I'm so up for the next General Election & voting for a party that believes in being part of the #EU 
Clip of Farage thanking Bannon for Brexit disappears from Breitbart  @thesilverfox971 @OldBobCyprus @dontbrexitfixit @ThatTimWalker @lesbonner @acgrayling @MutliRaceMan @BrexitBin @The_Flaneur16 @David_T_Evans @RCorbettMEP @julie4nw @City_Livery_SM @GDE60 
Both @AgataGostynska and @JMPSimor got more personalised abuse in a week than I have had in two years writing about Brexit.Do #follow both, as they are excellent. 
I'm very glad to see that the @LibDems and @TheGreenParty have agreed to work together in the Richmond Local Elections. Why shouldn't two radical parties who oppose Brexit and support PR work together to stop the Tories? #RadicalAlliance #ProgressiveAlliance 
And when the BBC says it is impartial but uses loose language and then chooses to cover Nigel Farage throwing dead fish into the Thames but not thousands marching up and down the country who oppose or wish to mitigate the impact of Brexit, it does not look impartial /18 
The abuse received this week by @AgataGostynska and @JMPSimor has been disgusting. They got it for analysing Brexit (which for some = defying the 'will of the people') as do I and others. But they got more, and more vicious, abuse because they are also (smart, professional) women 
The Liberal Democrats are so hypocritical..LibDems: LET’S STOP BREXIT*Conservatives: We want the hardest possible Brexit or we’ll leave with no deal**Labour: We want to respect the referendum result and get the best deal*LibDems: TORY COALITION 2K22 
Government petition response: "The UK Government is clear that it is now its duty to implement the will of the people and so there will be no second referendum".Goebbels after a referendum victory: "the will of the people is the will of the government".#StopBrexit #Brexit #ABTV 
Informal talks are going on about Gibraltar post-Brexit future—sovereignty would not be an issue, instead Spain wants joint management of Gibraltar's airport and more co-operation on tax fraud and border controls 
Nice evening with a disparate group of friends I hadn’t seen for a while. Interesting that whether anyone voted Leave or Remain everyone now believes Brexit is a mistake. 
Johnny Marr opens up about how Trump and Brexit inspired his political new album  
There's a "strange silence" from Britain, according to Germany's Brexit coordinator  
An excellent, straightforward explainer from @Raphael_Hogarth & colleagues @thetimes on the challenges for trade across Irish border after Brexit. Helpful comparisons from what goes on at EU's borders with Norway, Switzerland & Turkey (inc. this table). 
Labour politicians seem to think that it's acceptable to wrap UKIP style anti-immigration rhetoric in a red flag and hope that it goes unnoticed. The vacuous Labour solidarity rhetoric of 2014 has been completely undermined by their language on Brexit. 
Why then did this Government, the one implementing Brexit, say in February 2017 that the UK Parliament has always remained sovereign during our membership of the EU? /4  
The bit I find troubling is the two Brexit related examples you give and the words you use which manifestly are not the “best obtainable version of the truth”. 
I struggle to take Labour politicians seriously when they talk about solidarity, both domestically and internationally, when they ignore the plight of politicians in Catalonia and can’t see their hypocrisy over Brexit. 
Farage is a disgrace. How can any Labour supporters be for Brexit knowing Farage, Breitbart & Steve Bannon, the racist right wing extremists are the ones behind it. 
Let’s ignore for a second that solidarity shouldn’t require political union, and the difference between Scotland joining the world and UK withdrawing. Sweeney has forgotten that his party is enabling a Brexit that, by his own logic, is creating a new ‘invisible line’ near Dover.  
I'm Voting #UKIP again for many reasons, they are the only party I trust to get us out of the #EU and I'd love to see the faces of Labour/Cons especially Khan if we can give UKIP the votes they deserve.#Brexit  
"It is not the BBC’s role to act as an echo chamber for a government.Sadly, on Brexit, that is what it is in the main doing right now"- @campbellclaret.Please RT - @BBCNews must have full and fair coverage for #StopBrexit and #Remain. 
Ah yes, the party of ‘stop Brexit’ will only govern with the party of ‘hard Brexit’   
The Tory government have managed to get Brexit off the MS media leading into the local elections in May. Don't be fooled. Discussions with the EU are continuing under the radar. Discussions over the status of Gibraltar are going on. Brexiteers need to keep the focusing. 
The real project fear is of course that of the Brexit propagandists - fear of the EU, immigrants, refugees, Muslims, an EU superstate, an EU army, Turkey, German domination & all the other things the #Brexit billionaire press whipped Leavers up to fear.#StopBrexit #VoteEU #ABTV 
Oops. I appear to have accidentally shared this clip link of Nigel Farage thanking Steve Bannon for Brexit. I hope no one else shares it in case it upsets Nigel & his chums.BTW - the original was deleted from Breitbart's site, so careful not to make a copy, either.#StopBrexit 
Brexit crisis: It turns out that the EU27 haven’t fallen out over the negotiating guidelines, they’re maintaining a united front and Eire and Spain still hold a veto.That wasn’t supposed to happen, what to do?#remain #FBPE 
Irish shipping to bypass British ports after Brexit 
The myth of a post-Brexit surge in hate.  
Vince Cable said he would rule out a coalition with Labour but not the Tories. A vote for Lib dem isn't a vote for remain. It's a vote for hard Brexit.  
Ok, this is where Brexit and the fantasy of ‘Global Britain’ negotiating trade deals gets real... frighteningly real. US Trade Representative’s 500 pages of demands make grim reading. We’ll do as they say or go away empty handed. #FinalSay 
There is much debate about Brexit on social media. There is also a maelstrom of excrement. If you want to see mob behaviour, bullying and outright misogyny on Twitter, driven by some very self-important 'names' check the replies to @JMPSimor @cliodiaspora @carolecadwalla daily 
For the first time since early 2016 I think we’ve gone a whole week without doing a Brexit phone-in. It’ll never catch on... 
If Scotland was a Independent country between the years 2008 and 2014 we would have been 8.3 Billion better off GOVERNMENT EXPENDITURE & REVENUE SCOTLAND published by both governments come to the same conclusion. With the Oil price rising along side Brexit its time to get out 
Sinn Fein MEP claims to have obtained Brexit Northern Ireland impact papers #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Get following @Onethingbrexit on Twitter. Let us know the #OneThing about Brexit that most concerns you - simply tweet a pic of video with #OneThing 
The UK is the major destination for "economic migrants"  the truth is now out just as Nigel Farage and myself predicted in the EU referendum but remainers still choose to ignore 
We've just added this list with even more anti-Brexit events.  
Why would you vote labour, to get Brexit? Get lost as far as I’m concerned. Get a grip and grow some balls. You’re the opposition party. Provide some opposition. #StopBrexitSaveBritain #ABTV Vote labour you get the same as the Tories. Brexit. 
Chairman Pakistan Peoples Party @BBhuttoZardari has nominated Hadayat Ullah Khan to lead the People’s Unity of PIA in the coming referendum which is going to held on 9 to 19 April 2018. 
Excellent piece. Key issue raised is that if it wasn't for Brexit there's no way Johnson would be Foreign Secretary. via @politics_co_uk 
May isn't your saviour.Farage isn't your saviour Corbyn isn't your saviour and neither is Cable or Sturgeon.Liberal democracy is, and as a country we just bypassed the most important part of it. Parliament.Brexit is a mistake. Let's stop before it's too late#FBPE #brexit 
Another article that absolutely challenges assumptions and proclamations by the hard Brexiteers.  As he states, 7 or 8 months ago the landscape was totally different regarding reconsidering Brexit: "remain campaigners are having an effect."  
Looks like someone is trying some fairly feeble spin.It's not a secret that @libdems won't enter into a coalition with either May or Corbyn, or anyone else determined to make the madness of #Brexit a reality.A vote for @LibDems is a vote for an #ExitFromBrexit 
"Despite initial civil service claims that it had no assessments, we have now received more than 30 papers on the impact of Brexit which it had shared with the British government" - @M_AndersonSF on the hidden #Brexit papers 
One day, but I'm afraid too late, people will understand that the underlying role of the torrent of Trump-#Brexit lies is not primarily to inculcate false beliefs, but to destroy the basis of informed political debate, & so abolish democracy in any meaningful sense.#StopBrexit 
Will the government's plans deliver a "frictionless", "invisible" border in Ireland after Brexit? Our investigation, looking at borders across Europe, suggests not: 
As I see it @bbcnickrobinson, the BBC has neutered itself thru ‘institutional Brexitism’ where only the details of Brexit, not its fundamental wisdom or inevitability, are allowed to be open to question.By all means ignore criticism you think is party-pol, but this is different  
Superb piece this, well written, informative, well worth a read. 
EU on the brink as Netherlands issues THIS warning to Brexit negotiator Barnier   
Meet the young Devon activists who are fighting Brexit  
Scottish & Welsh artists speak up for the devolved Parliaments and against the UK government’s Brexit power grab.  
Will YOU be joining thousands of  pro-EU activists in the BIGGEST action day the UK has ever seen?We will be everywhere on Saturday 14th - don't miss out!#Brexit#PeoplesVote 
Shop Prices Fall as Barclays Boss Says Brexit Impact Negligible, UK-U.S. Relationship More Important   
Nigel Farage smirking as he thanks the white-supremacist Steve Bannon and the Alt-right website Breitbart for helping inflict Brexit on Britain.  
Here it is. The Irish border remains the biggest obstacle to a Brexit deal. Reporting from Ireland, Northern Ireland and 3 other countries that border the EU, The Times investigates what the border will really look like after Brexit.  
Rebutting recent claims that Brexit is inevitable in a single paragraph, Dr Ali M El-Agra goes on to state that "whatever the outcome of the negotiations, we can predict with absolute certainty that it will be much worse than EU membership."  
What better proof could there be that the decent, tolerant, open-minded Britain we were promised is gone for good, a rattled, angry, insecure stranger in its stead, than if it said: "No. We're not going to let you to have a referendum"? That's not the Britain we were offered. 
We're excited! Not just because it's the weekend but also because authoritative #Brexit and @The3Million voice @cliodiaspora is coming to our next branch meeting to talk about the Scottish diaspora! Weds 11/4. 730pm. St. Anne's, Soho.All welcome. 
#PPP Chairman @BBhuttoZardari nominates Hadayat Ullah Khan to lead the People’s Unity of #PIA in the coming referendum  
Few points:1. Brexit was your idea.2. The reason Brexit is going badly is because Brexit is a shit idea.3. Brexit was your idea.4. Blaming those who highlight that Brexit is a shit idea for Brexit being shit is demonstrably silly. Like Brexit.5. Brexit was your idea.  
Femi: The best way for you, as a member of parliament, to wash your hands of the damage Brexit would do to this country, is to get the People to sign off on it. 
MP: That's your opinion. What makes your opinion more valid than anyone else'sFemi: a) The debate is on the effect of EU law(s). Judging that depends on your knowledge of EU Laws. I've studied it for literally years.b) 9/10 experts (inc UK Gov) also say Brexit hurts the country 
MP: The Parliament will decide. That's the choice it will have to make. We need to all work together to get the best possible deal.Femi: But your own party's government has concluded that every possible deal isn't good enough and goes against the two main wishes of Brexit voters 
“I am announcing here on this stage today. That if re-elected I will support a national student-led UK wide demonstration to call for a people’s vote on the final Brexit Deal. Because no matter which way you voted we need a say on the final deal." 
"It is not the BBC’s role to act as an echo chamber for a government. Sadly, on Brexit, that is what it is in the main doing right now."  
Brexiters. We had an advisory referendum. Based on that you insist on enacting Brexit. You claim this is important because of 'democracy'. I trust you are now fully behind demanding an investigation to ensure the legality & validity of the referendum process. Because DEMOCRACY 
All civil service Brexit assessments should be released - @M_AndersonSF 
Letter: Council elections could be a last chance to halt Brexit I don't believe it's the last chance, but it's an important chance.@Bremaininspain @the3Million 
Great video from FT about the potential customs gridlock at Dover after Brexit. Big thanks to @Bournemouth4EU for the link! 
Mark Mazower on anti-Semitism, anti-Zionism, Zionism, the Labour Party, Jewdas, Brexit, the Bund and his grandfather. READ IT  
Revealed: the A-Z guide to the Brexit Broadcasting Corporation. Contains first details of the BBC's Elders of Brexit secret codebook.  
.@Nigel_Farage "We Voted to Take Back Our Lives & Our Future " Educating Students at US Colleges this week about #Trump 2016 & #Brexit Votes#MAGA 
Brexit talks stuck on Ireland  via @Politicoeurope 
.@M_AndersonSF doing all the local heavy lifting re disastrous local impact of Brexit.... here, she uncovers documents they first tried to deny! What’s else are they trying to hide?? #Brexit  
Can't remember the NHS protest or the Brexit protest marches being covered.Can on the other hand remember them being covered up.  
#BrexitBroadcastingCorporation – my reply to Nick Robinson; why it’s central not sideshow to Brexit  
Agree. ‘The BBC is no longer reporting on the binary choice which faced the electorate in the referendum but is examining the Brexit negotiations & the impact of Brexit..’ is a revealing & quite extraordinary statement, saying there’s no choice to be made about the deal itself  
This is by far, one of the best (and well written) articles I've read that accurately sums up how I feel about our current situation on a social level after #Brexit - it's exactly the reason I feel so passionately and have set up @LondonLeavers 
SNP MP @MhairiBlack said she hated @theSNP White Paper in 2014 - and told people to “ignore it”.Do you agree? If so then join the majority against another referendum today! Sign up here: Read more on the story here:  
View from Germany: Brits are in denial about their diminishing importance.Brexit, like Suez, will reveal the limitations of the Tory nationalist mindset.  
@mikegalsworthy Thing is Nick, it's not that we're hearing things we disagree with, it's that we're not hearing what more than half the country agrees with, namely that Brexit is bad for Britain, by our government's assessment.There's no voice at the BBC calling for #FinalSay 
This is how civil wars start :-) #Brexit  
#EU common fisheries policy has basically failed.There’s been big stitch-up between French &Spanish.Can you imagine French or Spanish allowing decimation of their fishing fleets?After #Brexit we can reinstate 200 mile border & who fishes in our waters 
In that case, why did the BBC NOT report on the marches against brexit the other week, all over the U.K.? Please answer. 
The US has laid out its Brexit trade deal 'wish list' and it could be disastrous for the UK  
Brexit trade deal: US lays out 'wish list' and it doesn’t look good for UK‘Trump's administration wants to scrap a host of EU rules on food safety, chemicals, animal welfare and environment.’Taking back control my arse. 
Very good trip to Finland this week - important to listen to, and learn from, all EU citizens and businesses affected by Brexit. Working with  industry to mitigate the impact of #Brexit on EU’s connectivity with the rest of the world. pic.twitter.com/nXHuJo4Dlo 
.@M_AndersonSF has uncovered 30 Civil Service Brexit impact assessments after Civil Service denials of their existence  
Breitbart deleted this clip of @Nigel_Farage thanking Steve Bannon for Brexit #CambridgeAnalytica  
It's often not what is said, Nick, but what is not said, not covered in reports, deliberately ignored, that makes it biased. Editorial policy to tell the viewers/listeners that Brexit is inevitable is a disgrace. 
Lord Adonis blocked me a while ago now, I hear I'm missing out on some excellent *Brexit has driven me Actually Mad* content 
A good way to eliminate suspicion of Russian involvement in Brexit is to have the verified Leave account tweet Russian propaganda.  
Eh, wasn't it Unionist politicians who five mins ago were accusing anyone who mentioned Brexit's risk for peace process of 'scaremongering'?? Have to say I don't know any loyalists willing to go to war over Customs Union. But maybe Trimble does from his Vanguard days...  
Nick, I once would have defended @BBCNews but the last couple of years has seen its transformation into a Brexit and Tory Party spin machine. The recent reporting on Corbyn and Skripal/Boris (shameful) plus the non reporting of Cambridge Analytica affair has topped it all off. 
That was true of BBC I joined as journo about time as Lord Hall. The complaint specifically about @BBCr4today is that it never challenges demonstrable untruths from Brexit propagandists and you can hear lips curl of some presenters when Europe discussed. That’s new @NickCohen4 
Watch deleted video of Nigel Farage thanking Steve Bannon and Breitbart for Brexit  
I am an experienced businessman who has spent 25 years exporting UK products and services around the world. The number of times I have been listening to R4 or BBC news and thinking that is complete nonsense in respect of Brexit and the EU is nearly every time I heard it debated. 
I spent an hour waiting at Calais to be very much controlled by UK Border guards and my American daughter-in-law was made to cry by Border Force at Stansted Airport for daring to visit the UK in the era of (and I quote) "Brexit & Trump". Open borders my arse. 
 After being released on bail from a German prison, Carles #Puigdemont has called for the release of so-called political prisoners in Spain, notably those who were arrested for their involvement in the Catalan independence referendum. More here   
Finnish constitution says, that Finland is undivisible without parliaments decision. However, even every municipality in Finland has the right to organize a referendum about ANYTHING. And then we vote. And then we negotiate and mediate. You do not have these skills in Spain. 
Bloody Ireland, risking peace by calling a referendum in the UK then getting the UK to vote leave then getting the Tories to insist on leaving the Single Market and the Customs Union without any workable alternative for the border. Curse them!  
America! Is the UK Parliament whipping your arse? (Translation: "ass") You've got Zuckerberg though. So can you please ask him about a) Brexit b) why he's refused to speak to us. Thanks, Britain.  
#BREXODUSDespite civil service claim it had done no analysis, no assessments on impact of #Brexit, I now have access to more than 30 such civil servant assessments which include the dire impact on our health service, on manufacturing & on higher education #DemandingTransparency 
India calls on Britain to do free-trade after Brexit in boost for UK without EU  
There are many reshoring reasons to believe in Brexit  via @CityAM 
When Singapore became independent from Malaysia in 1965 no-one gave it a chance. But it embraced independence and free trade and now it's over four times richer than Malaysia. A lesson for Brexit Britain from @connarmcbain 
Without sorting the Irish border problem, leading law firms including Ashurst and DLA Piper warn that the transition “provides no legal certainty” for companies. #Brexit is harming our economy and @theresa_may must put national interest over internal party politics. 
NUS backing people’s vote on the final deal shows young people increasingly see Brexit as not inevitable - and will fight to be heard. 
The truth about Brexit is that none of the politicians advocating it would ever dream of investing a single penny of their own money in it. 
I see Sturgeon is off to China. So naturally all the newspapers that hailed Theresa May getting a great #Brexit trade deal from the Chinese will now condemn Sturgeon for talking to them. 
BREXIT CRISIS: Germany HEAVILY hit by UK exit - shock EU report devastates Angela Merkel   
A young activist is working tirelessly for what she believes in. She just received the Young European of the Year Award in Berlin. Brexit will impact her generation so much more than yours. You are an old racist who wants Jacob Rees-Mogg as prime minister. The joke is on you.  
If people were prepared to cheat on an industrial scale to win the referendum by a tiny margin, dont under estimate what dirty tactics they might try in the future. There will be infiltration and turning remain activists on each other. Don’t fall for it #StopBrexit #WeAreRemain 
Rep. Beto O'Rourke says he does not think the enthusiasm for his Senate bid against Ted Cruz is a referendum on President Trump  
Just looking at Breitbart London , a disgusting far-right site peddling hate of immigrants and refugees. Here's Farage thanking Bannon's Breitbart for helping win the #Brexit vote. #BrexitBetraysBritain#StopBrexit 
Rep. Beto O'Rourke says he does not think the enthusiasm for his Senate bid against Ted Cruz is a referendum on President Trump  
#TanjasDaily: Your stories - Today it's the one of an EU citizen left disappointed and shaken by the Church of England's positioning on Brexit  
Thanks for the heads up.Be awful if @CamAnalytica and @Nigel_Farage saw this . Let's hope nobody saves and shares it.#SteveBannon#Breitbart#Brexit#Farage#CambridgeAnalytica 
@UKLabour are backing the tories on this disastrous #Brexit & the electorate should know that the @LibDems are the only ones backing a #FinalSayForAll on the #Brexit Deal.I debate with @NeenaGmep on @bbcasiannetwork. 
Another #FFS article in @InFactsOrg today. Check it out and join the growing movement of students and young people calling for a people’s vote on the Brexit deal.  
John Redwood's sinister threat against pro-EU businesses made in 2014. Was he the only Tory MP making such threats? Were more threats made privately by him and others? Were businesses cowed into silence during the referendum campaign? #StopBrexit #Brexit #ABTV #VoteEU 
I for one would never go back to England to live or work. Great place, great people - but hijacked by tax-avoiding austerity-driven discriminatory bigoted  Brexit-craving swivel-eyed loonies.  
A man who doesn’t even live in Britain any longer and contributed to Tony Blair’s disastrous 1997 (open-door immigration) manifesto wants YOU to re-run a referendum because HE doesn’t like the result.If ever a tweet encapsulated all that is wrong in politics...  
The State Bank of India sees "London as the ideal launch pad for a global presence" and has "full faith that, despite Brexit, London will remain the premier international financial centre"  
Brexit Explained pic via >@PickardJE 
This brings up an interesting point about the cost of UK participating in EU programmes or agencies (if it can) post-Brexit. 1/  
Please be aware that BBC employee and famed Brexit mouthpiece @afneil was involved in raising money for Leave. This explains his ongoing bias and increasingly hysterical tone in relation to his failing Brexit project. Hope this helps.  
Arguing with some brexiters is like playing chess with a pigeon. It just shits on the board then struts  around like it won.#FBPE #StopBrexit #brexit 
"The common fisheries policy has basically failed. There’s been a big stitch-up between the French and the Spanish. We have very little say on who fishes in our waters, the conservation of our fishing stock." #Brexit  
Just remember the Brexit catastrophe won't be "Brexiteers" fault, it will be Remainers fault for doing it wrong! 
No. NOT candidates! Don't vote for #Brexit parties, regardless of what individual candidates say. Unless that is you'd like to see your pro-EU vote spun as an endorsement of the main parties' pro-Brexit policies.#ABTV 
If you voted for Brexit because you didn't know (nobody told you) it would damage the Good Friday Agreement (peace in Northern Ireland), that's not entirely your fault.But, now you do, if you don't help us protect it... 
Not against Brexit in principle, "pretty" or otherwise.Want UK to be part of Single Market and Customs Union, but not fussed about actual membership.Been against every EU treaty since Maastricht.Was once Bill Cash's research assistant.Happy with an Association Agreement.  
My friend @Nigel_Farage was on @foxandfriends this morning. He's been debating Vicente Fox this past week at college campuses. He's also starting a new podcast!I interviewed Mr Brexit on my show last night. Give a listen —  #RealTalk #Dupree 
This is not Ireland's fault!!!!!David Trimble: Ireland risks provoking paramilitaries over post-Brexit border 
Brexit Explained  
PROTEST VOTE MAY 3rd Idea = use #localelections2018 to send "your pro-#Brexit stance sucks" message to #Tories AND #Labour. JC said he won't lead Brexit opinion; he'll follow it. So,vote against Cons to give them a bl**dy nose, but also against Lab to signal Brexit opinion #ABTV pic.twitter.com/5vK6OiUXHO 
M. Rajoy denies that the Catalan referendum was financed by Public funds... 
"The Govt’s incompetence, foolish disregard for the complexity of Brexit & indecision has stood in the way of any significant progress & millions of concerned residents still do not know if their jobs will be safe..." Indeed!Good piece,please read. 
Yes. But to try to explain this in UK means getting continual comments that "you don't understand Brexit is about politics not law.  
1,079,031 - that's the number of Brits whose Facebook data was improperly shared with Cambridge Analytica. Was this data then used to swing the Brexit referendum? We need to know. My latest  
Brexit is an the unexpected threat to peace in Northern Ireland, writes @NicRobertsonCNN  
Brexit campaign @LeaveEUOfficial was forced to correct their racist tweet about ‘Londonistan'. They still got every statistic wrong.  
Spain set for capitulation on threats to derail Brexit transition deal over Gibraltar after backlash from other EU states  
There is growing evidence that an exodus of EU migrants from the UK after #Brexit will have a negative impact on the staffing of the #NHS >  < 
Even centrists like Andrew Adonis are losing faith in the BBC over Brexit | @ta_mills 
What a terrible outcome of #Brexit  
Ample opportunity for an about-turn on Brexit. #Article50 can be withdrawn before March 2019 but only if a People's Vote was for Remain & Reform - for the UK to  be the progressive leaders from within the EU  via @financialtimes 
In the #EU, #Britain gains #sovereignty. As a full member, we have a say in the running and future direction of our continent, as well as our country. Please RT. Link to full article by @Jon_Danzig:  Because #Brexit means we lose.  
Student in Oral Exam : I like football. I follow Liverpool.Examiner : Ah Liverpool in the United Kingdom. What do you think of Brexit and the political and economic consequences for the Republic of Ireland? 
Brexit & the future of industry and business. Round table discussion hosted by @prospect_uk What the Associated British Ports  were not transparent about was how much business they will get post Brexit due to increased to freight traffic  via @prospect_uk 
Breitbart delete clip of @Nigel_Farage swigging pint and thanking Steve Bannon for Brexit after Cambridge Analytica scandal  
At least when u voted Tory you knew you were voting brexit. Labour got a lot of votes under false pretences as they said brexit deal had to meet tests which were equivalent to what we have now and they are clearly supporting brexit now. I am so angry at labour stance 
Another example of #brexiter promises turning to sand : any post-#Brexit India-UK trade deal could take nearly 7 years: Report  via @economictimes 
Wondering how many people are thinking:But, hang on, if we bring down the current UK government, not only will the likely replacement be an opposition committed to Brexit but they are currently choosing the side of Putin in a broader sense. In any case making more mess... 
Boris, Liam Fox, Jacob Rees-Mogg and David Davis treat their Brexit mess like a game.  However Ireland's border question is no joke, and the hard work - and hard questions - mount up each time they dodge them.  
Blog - if the BBC think their supine stance on Brexit will save them from the hard right they are naive in the extreme  
We must have a referendum on the deal, and that referendum should be argued on facts and an understanding of the beneficial role that Europe has played in British society.  
The promised big, bold post-Brexit trade deal with America isn't going to happen. My report from Washington explains why.  via @TheEconomist 
'In about 30 months, the UK must have sorted how it is to be fed – by whom, on what terms, at what price, with what impact. At present, no-one seems to have a clue' - Damning stuff from @ProfTimLang who's written for our new #Brexit hub  
I know we are getting very excited about the messaging Vote Leave put out during Brexit through AIQ. The truth remains that the Leave campaigns combined anti-EU messages were dwarfed by Russia:  
Productivity rose by 0.7% in the last three months of 2017, the second quarterly increase in succession. This leaves productivity 2% higher than the first quarter of 2016 before the referendum  
Disgraceful that the Hungarian Government are using UKIP's Brexit poster as background propaganda during an election campaign. They want European money but reject our values. Hungarian people deserve better!  
The latest British Retail Consortium figures show shop prices fell 1% in the year to March 2018, despite Remainer claims that Brexit was pushing prices up  
Yup, any vote on the deal *must* be, accept the deal or revoke BREXIT. Not accept the deal or crash out.  
"Shipping companies are planning to increase direct freight services between Ireland and continental Europe in order to bypass UK ports after Brexit. This is due to freight hauliers’ concerns about the queues and customs checks at the borders of UK ports." 
Renew is in Greenwich, we are feilding two Candidates Ese Adjekughele (Plumstead) and Ziaur Rahman (Woolwich Common). If you want to Renew your local area and show the Government that Brexit isn't a full gone conclusion. Then vote for Renew!!  
Here we go.Voting down the withdrawal agreement, which has vital protections for UK and EU citizens, when UK is automatically leaving EU, is irresponsible.If you want a vote on Brexit, have a vote on Brexit.But don't turn a vote on another thing into something it is not.  
The reason I like David Allen Green is that he doesn't actually have a pro-EU agenda, and isn't ideologically opposed to Brexit. He has no axe to grind.His role is that of the seasoned artisan watching the cowboy builders next door, sadly shaking his head at the unfolding mess.  
Is it possible to stop Brexit? Yes, absolutely. Here’s why.  
Commentators said Singapore couldn't succeed as an independent country when it left Malaysia. Look at it now:  #Brexit 
Is Brexit to blame?  
The only "meaningful vote" would be a straight vote on instructing the government to request that Article 50 notification be revoked, ie cancelling Brexit.Putting the withdrawal agreement at any risk, when UK is leaving EU by automatic operation of law, is deeply irresponsible.  
Voted for Brexit?Feel that it was, on balance probably the wrong decision.Fair enoughThe ref was not an easy decision & since 2016 we have all been educated in that decision & the consequences more.There should be no blame or guilt.It was just a referendumTell your MP  
In the real world, away from the #brexiteers land of unicorns and green pastures, shipping companies are ramping up direct freight services between Ireland and continental Europe as the UK's  hauliers make plans to bypass British ports after Brexit. 
Searching for Aggregate IQ: What role did it play in Brexit?  
Now that Nick Robinson is a player in the Brexit debate, can I debate these views with him on the Today Programme? I’m free tomorrow. Maybe chaired by @afneil, who is well known to be independent on these matters @BBCr4today 
"You think you are papering over the crisis of democratic legitimacy, but you are making that crisis all the more evident." a joint Scottish & Welsh artist response to Brexit:  #DefendDevolution 
Read this to see how horrific post Brexit customs will be... yes...customs clearance will take DAYS ..not hours in many cases, and when EU customs officials find the UK trying to breach rules, they will either ban UK imports to the EU or delay them so long it will stop UK exports  
#Catalonia | After freeing #Puigdemont on bail rejecting charges of rebellion, the German judiciary has to decide whether they'll extradite him on the grounds of misuse of public funds. Here Rajoy admits Puigdemont didn't misuse public funds on referendum.  
This shows how Brexit the BBC has become. EU immigration undermines ‘fact’ that we ‘control our borders’, says Nick. But last year there was MORE immigration here from outside the EU. So we don’t control our borders even when supposedly ‘sovereign’ either?  
‘India in no 'rush' to sign a post-Brexit trade deal and will tell Britain to accept more migrants.’How dare they?! Don’t they know we once ruled them?! Haven’t they heard about British Empire 2.0?!! 
Neither Tories nor Labour give a damn that #Brexit will remove our right to EU Freedom of Movement. Tell them you care.Vote pro-EU in the local elections on May 3.#ABTV #VoteEU #StopBrexit 
Irony: @LeaveEUOfficial have built their entire brand around a .eu domain name. If they want to keep their website address, email addresses, etc after Brexit, they'd have to move the organisation to the EU.  
State Bank of India makes London its post-Brexit launchpad  
Depressing & partisan by Nick Robinson. We’ve got to stick with the Brexit BBC because otherwise we get Trump & Fox. Excuse me, Channel 4 News & Sky do a better job than you Nick - & not by aping Fox. It’s you that are Fox-lite  
For those guys "church" means a Norman building with Captain Mainwaring on the front pew and slightly stale biscuits in the village hall afterwards. It's got nothing to do with actual Christianity. It's Brexit nostalgia with a hefty teaspoon of racism. 
What will happen to the status of Gibraltar after #Brexit? Read our briefing to find out how the Brexit negotiations deal with Gibraltar  
There have been strenuous efforts to blame Brexit and "confidence” but the numbers showed confidence and car purchases soared for nine months after the vote, and then plunged as the taxes came in and car loans were tightened by regulatory action. I blame the taxes. 
Post Brexit gov relationship with the EU is basically Sinn Fein in Westminster. Not taking part on the principle that the institution has no right to govern, pretending to have some sort of proxi influence, and all the while having to accept decisions made in their absence 
This seems to be Davidson's MO. Crawl out from under rock, lob an untrue grenade (No-one earning up to £33,000 will be worse off) crawl back under rock to avoid Brexit/Russia scrutiny 
‘We WON'T hold UK hostage’ Spain BACKTRACKS on hostile Brexit position over Gibraltar  
Well done @Andrew_Adonis for forcing an ASTONISHING admission of bias from @BBCNews in its OFFICIAL POLICY - they say #Brexit is a DONE deal.  No Parliamentary vote or protest will be reported, even though Labour WILL vote down May’s deal with rebels!!!  
Can't recall who said it first - "Brexit gives away everything we have to recover something we never lost"  
BEANOBrexit existing as name only./ends 
For 40 years the UK has thrived as a gateway to Europe.It is increasingly clear that Brexit will turn us into the road block to Europe.As the world realises this, our trade will ebb away and we will all become poorer.Tragic if it happens. #FBPE 
And if so, the EU will have deftly used Brexit to retain full access to the UK market and to remove the UK's pesky formal representation at EU institutions. Slow hand clap for the Brexiteers. 
The video where Rajoy admits Puigdemont did not misuse public funds on referendum  via @elnacionalcaten 
And then there's this on how EU money keeps Orban in power. The only good thing about Brexit is that our taxes will stop lining the pockets of a corrupt bunch of thugs 
Fantastic article by @PeatWorrier on, what else, that 2nd referendum. I hope all those with a view read it.  
An independent Singapore was never given a chance, but it embraced free trade and independence and reaped the rewards. Brexit Britain should learn from its experience, writes @connarmcbain 
India says a post-Brexit trade deal must make it easier for its people to travel to the UK. Tricky for any PM, not least one who promises net migration <100,000. "Lofty free trade ambition runs up against domestic political reality." — @SamuelMarcLowe 
Post-Brexit remake of Fawlty Towers to star idiot English waiter  
20 #GlobalIrish groups have co-signed a letter to Ireland’s Minister for Diaspora @ciarancannon requesting that the Minister;1) Engage with diaspora regarding #8thref2) ensure that their voices are heard in the upcoming referendum #Together4Yes 
The march the BBC boycotted under their new editorial policy that they don't report the 'binary choice' of Brexit (ie whether it should happen or not) as it's now a done deal. Ignore the British constitution, we're the #BrexitBroadcastingCorporation 
Put the effect of @BreitbartLondon and #CambridgeAnalytica on #Brexit -  both funded and run by Robert Mercer and Steve Bannon - you have a glaring example of foreign interference. Where are all the patriots on this?  
India in no 'rush' to sign a post-Brexit trade deal and will tell Britain to accept more migrants  via @BIUK_PoliticsIf Fox, May & Davis didn't see this coming then they really should give up & go home now. 
Shipping groups boost Ireland-EU routes ahead of Brexit as the market delivers its verdict on government claims of frictionless trade and invisible bordersHard Brexit will devastate UK shipping and haulage sectors#BrexitReality 
VERY IMPORTANT. Rajoy denies that the Catalan referendum was financed by Spain’s Regional Liquidity fund.@nytimes @cnnbrk @Telegraph @guardian @washingtonpost @BBCNews @ScotNational @DailyMirror @lemondefr @FinancialTimes @maggieNYT @wikileaks @Corriere @TriciaMarwick @KRLS 
No public money spent on the referendum, says Rajoy. VIDEO subtitles in German  
Political reality in this country now is that the SNP are so dominant that Labour and the Tories have to collaborate to EXIST...not just in a referendum but in order to register politically at all. They're trapped with each other.  That's a measure of historical change. 1/2  
.@theresa_may’s #Brexit strategy is that of ‘any deal will do’ as long as it keeps the Tory party together. For her, Conservative Party politics are more important than the national interest. She must grow a backbone and grant parliament a free vote on the deal. 
Brexit campaign @LeaveEUOfficial was forced to correct its racist tweet about ‘Londonistan'. And every statistic is still 100% false. 
‘BREXIT-BY-THE-SEA’!  Thousands are coming!  Get a breath of sea air, support our fishermen, and meet other normal pro-Brexit folk!  THIS SUNDAY, 6 locations! #Brexit Facts4EU is supporting @fishingforleave. Full details on our site:  
you have to feel for Britain's Brexit negotiators, it's like a team of explorers who set off on a glorious mission a year ago only for the general public to lose interest 
How else can you pay for Brexit Mr Corbyn @jeremycorbyn? There is no Magic Money tree so the vulnerable, the poorest and most needy suffer the consequences. Brexit means more Austerity, more cuts, for the many not the few.  
This is what happens when you elect a weak PC obsessed labour mayor. Remember this London when you are casting your votes in May. Especially you muppets planning on doing an anti-brexit ‘protest’ vote.  
There is probably not enough time to stop Brexit by 29 March 2019.And there is not enough time to do Brexit by 31 December 2020.This is the daft position the UK is in.  
The SNP guide to ‘getting out of it’;Blame England (Westminster);It they can’t do that;Blame England (Brexit);If they can’t do that;Blame the council/ police/ health board/ foreigners/ anyone but the cult. 
Yet another consequence of #brexit - no participation in agencies key for UK national interest (Europol, Air Safety, chemicals to name but a few). No need to go through with this if not what was promised @Open_Britain 
Message to @BBCNews:- "We are a legitimate and substantial body of public opinion which believes that referendum notwithstanding we should not leave the EU and do not have to do so. You have an ongoing duty to reflect our views and our rationale for holding them". Please RT. 
Is Brexit one more reason for younger people to complain that baby-boomers have seized opportunities for themselves, but denied them to their children and grandchildren?But mitigating effects of Brexit is just not good enough.Still time to #StopBrexit 
One of the most significant patient safety initiatives of recent years is now being significantly weakened by Brexit, politics, cuts to local councils and a lack of will to deliver it in full. A huge shame:  
Just imagine History recording that the fall of the Tories and escape from Brexit was precipitated by national outrage over the neglect of two hamsters and a cat...'They did not die in vain...' 
#Follow @JMPSimorOne of the best Legal #Follows on Brexit, and should be supported all the more in the face of abuse.  
EXCLUSIVE: "GERMANY TAKES 4 TIMES MORE FROM SINGLE MARKET THAN UK" - UK’s share of Single Market is only 5.6% - this is one-third of what it should be. Full shocking #Brexit story:  
Yes. It could be different. Corbyn could not stand shoulder to shoulder with Jacob Rees Mogg on screwing the UK and workers with #Cambridge Analytica fuelled Brexit.  
The future of the EU, the role of regions and the regional impact of Brexit: conference on 10 April @EU_CoR, programme:  live streams   @regstud @EU_Regional @EU_MOOC @eprc_eu @CCRECEMR @CPMR_Europe 
It will be #Brexit in name only, and UK will loose its veto and become a rule taker. Brexit is stupid! 
Brexit defined well here, too: lying on the web and getting the key message out ‘it’s all somebody else's fault.’  
I was bothered by the script line in the trailer - "Brexit...how will it affect you?" Well, it has not happened yet. The question(s) should be: what is it, do we still want it, is it deliverable, have voters chanaged their mind? etc etc 
Brexit bias EXPOSED: @Jacob_Rees_Mogg leads calls for @ElectoralCommUK resignations BREXIT bias among the Electoral Commission has sparked calls for members to resign after it emerged that 40% of the board breached the association’s impartiality rules. 
RT if you’d like stop and search applied to @Nigel_Farage ‘s off-shore bank accounts & connections with #RussianMoney #CambridgeAnalytica #SCL #LeaveEU #Brexit #Farage #Assange 
Agencies we will need to replace before Brexit to ensure our standards - this is madness  
REMAINERS FINALLY REALISING THEY CAN’T STOP BREXIT 
The injustice & insanity of the current Govt's Brexit obsession summed up very well. Brexit is not the will of the British people, not in the best interests of Britain, it strips millions of their rights, it's hostile, aggressive, destructive & needs to be cancelled. #StopBrexit 
I had this hunch a year ago.Glad people liked @carolecadwalla are doing the real work.Sad that our worst suspicions appear to be coming true.Hopeful justice will be served.#brexit #FacebookDataBreach #ukip#StopBrexitSaveBritain 
I'm Voting #UKIP again for many reasons, they are the only party I trust to get us out of the #EU and I'd love to see the faces of Labour/Cons especially Khan if we can give UKIP the votes they deserve.#Brexit 
Any vote for a Labour councillor will be taken as support for the leadership's Brexit position.#ABTV 
In a surprise announcement, the European Commission says Brexit could mean the loss of over 300,000 ".eu" domain names—and their content. But there's nothing in the regulations forcing this.  
On #MARTA survey about how to spend referendum money: "The Most Favored section of the reports tells the story. Atlantans want their tax money spent on trains for the @AtlantaBeltLine." #beltlinerailnow 
As promises on Brexit turnout to be almost irrelevant, we move onto the next stage of disappointment.Australia begins to put down unworkable demands on beef, busting EU regulations & the inevitable collapse of the EU negotiations draws closer.A pseudo trade war looms.#FBPE 
The kipper on Oakeshott in this video about the sudden shyness of Leave campaigners keeping their promises..... 
Are you one of the people who truly and honestly want to take our country back?IT CANNOT BE DONE WITHOUT TERM LIMITSFORCE CONGRESS TO PUT A TERM LIMIT REFERENDUM ON THE NOVEMBER BALLOT!! 
If Hannan is the best they've got, is it any wonder that Brexit is an international  joke? 
Have any rural MPs commented on this shocking #brexit revelation ???They've been mute thus far ! 
"A group of Lyon County residents filed a referendum petition...to oust prostitution from the rural county (to create) a more family-friendly environment to attract tech workers to their communities."Hello, Tesla and Apple, goodbye cathouses?The Nevada, it is a changin'.  
A common thread between Mercers/Brexit campaigns LeaveEU & VoteLEave/Putin/Trump/Geert Wilders/Le Pen/ Bannon/Gorka/RW ideologues /is virulent Islamophobia. John Bolton is a board member of Secure America Now and also is the Chairman of anti Muslim think tank Gatestone Institute.  
For anyone like me wondering what means #ABTV: Anti Brexit Tactical Vote.As a Dutchman, used to Proportional Representation, tactical voting is hard to support, because it distorts the picture of what the people really want. Okay, anything to #StopBrexit Stay with us, UK! 
I know we can still stop #Brexit Steve Bullock.Time 4 those backing a #FinalSayForAll + a #StopBrexitSaveBritain to redouble efforts & recruit to the cause. Once left the UK's unlikely to rejoin DIVERGENCE & Ref rule changes (2/3 maj) will pre-empt this. 
If @RobbieGibb, @afneil, @JohnHumphrysr4 @bbcnickrobinson think Brexit is so great, let them explain its benefits in honest debate cos I haven't found any, just a stifling of truth about harm of Brexit expected in totalitarian state media, not @BBCNews @BBCRadio4 @bbcquestiontime 
Make sure you don't watch this video of Nigel Farage thanking Steve Bannon & Breitbart for Brexit: "You helped with this. Hugely."Breitbart have deleted the original for some reason (*cough*#CambridgeAnalytica*cough*), so make sure you don't share it or save copies, either.  
Excellent thread.  Brexit is not feasible.  HMG will have to spend the billions it's set aside for Brexit on sorting out the country instead  - there's lots to do....  Can we just do it now ?  
Alan Hastings (Fishing for Leave) - “The transition is a second betrayal of fishing, of the #Brexit vote, of an opportunity and is a second surrender of our communities.”  
Brexit campaign @LeaveEUOfficial was forced to correct it's racist tweet about ‘Londonistan'. And every statistic is still false. 
Ooh. How interesting. I was going to post my favourite clip of @Nigel_Farage thanking @SteveKBannon for Brexit. 'We couldn't have done it without you...you helped hugely etc.' But Breitbart has pulled the video.  
From the outset I never believed the government was telling truth. In  fact when have the Tories ever told the truth. Lied about Brexit. Lied about Austerity. Lied about Syria.  Lied about Russia....... 
Here they are. Brexit's unholy trinity.Breitbart - UKIP - Cambridge Analytica  
So many boyfriends of gals I know think the upcoming referendum is solely to do with abortion!! Educate your significant others and also make sure they're registered to vote!!!! 
Is A. Foster's politics zero-sum politics?Another Protestant politician in Ireland -W. Tone- said the French Revolution instantly changed Irish politicsPerhaps Brexit is similar as Irish unity discussions evoke new possibilities rather than images associated with past conflict  
lets make these things come true & send a brexit message! Only vote for pro EU parties at #Le2018Get involved in #ABTV & @VoteRemain2018@The3Million EU can voteStudents can register to vote either at home or Uni. Make your voice heard! 
"It is not clear why other EU member states would give Britain a better deal than they themselves enjoy."Theresa May 25th April 2016#FBPE #StopBrexit #brexit 
THE WORST PERFORMING ECONOMY of all advanced & emerging economies for 2018 and 2019. Is this Brexit? Or is it the sheer incompetence of the Tories and their ruthless austerity.Brexit cannot be used to cover the dreadful performance of the Tories. They have destroyed the economy!  
True granite Brexit, working class people simply put buckets outside and wait for the rainwater to fall to have a drink. 
Brexit means:Higher InflationHigher Interest RatesHigher Public DebtHigher Private DebtHigher TaxesLower GrowthLower GDPLower Investment Poorer Public ServicesIncreased AusterityJob lossesSkills ShortagesLess Money For NHS#FBPE#ABTV 
Vauxhall job cuts & Jaguar production slowdown as UK motor industry prepare for #Brexit tariffs is not what people expected so let’s give the Public a #VoteOnTheDeal 
Andrew Neill is a Brexit fund raiser!?! No wonder he is having HISSY fits...  
Here’s Mary Christine, she voted leave but now thinks she was seduced by #brexit lies and thinks the whole idea is a terrible mistake.@Christine_mfa well done for speaking out as a #remainernow but you do not have to accept the result, write to your MP, we@can #stopbrexit 
David Lammy on Brexit January 2017:"There is an increasing sense of blame and scapegoating of recent arrivals to our shores for our nation’s problems"David Lammy on London violence April 2018:"There are big gangs, eastern European, Albanian, that traffic people and guns"  
Grand but what about a referendum on Cork independence first?  
We will #NeverGiveUp to #StopBrexitBREXIT SABOTAGE: Britain's former EU negotiator says Remainers CAN still stop Brexit  
High level analysis...1 The Tories have made a mess of the NHS. 2 Brexit is a catastrophe but creates a fulcrum3 There's no money4 The public love the NHS and hate politicians.5 The NHS is very efficient but people don't believe it.  
Brexit is the most ridiculous bit of nonsense but tremendously damaging. Farage, Corbyn, Johnson, Cameron, May, Gove, Rees Mogg, Davis, will be effigies that our descendants mock in place of Guy Fawkes.  
Maybe we should stop calling Brexit the 'Will of the People', given that it would be going directly against the will of the British People, for the rest of time....  
#Brexit as seen from Finland  
Oh dear, the Daily Express once again try to mock someone who is politically active, articulate and against the Brexit Bullshit Express to nowhere.  
And then why you ignored the warnings that things would get even worse if Brexit actually happened.  
However, Brexit voters, if it actually happens and we start to see the full economic and international effects of Brexit, you're going to have to explain, especially to your kids, why you ignored the warnings from actual experts in the field before voting.  
I am going to say something I realise is unpopular.There can be no rerun of the referendum. The disinformation warfare environment makes this utterly unsafe.Efforts best focused on lobbying MPs to revoke Article 50 while hybrid war is ongoing.Clock’s nearly out. 
Vince Cable would rather prop up Theresa May's cruel austerity policies than Jeremy Corbyn's compassionate anti-austerity policies.But he opposes Brexit, so he'll get let off by the #FBPE brigade. 
Today, I spoke to an acquaintance I haven't seen for ages.Eventually, we got onto the news of the day, specifically Tory austerity, National Debt & Brexit.Without prompting her, she announced that as far as she could see, Independence was the only option left - & she's a Tory. 
The infamous moment when Rajoy himself explained there'd been no embezzlement or misappropriation of public funds in the Catalan referendum! You've got to hand it to him, he's our best double agent ;)   
The video where Rajoy admits Puigdemont did not misuse public funds on referendum  
Surely progressive MP's are now waking up to the realities of Brexit.Brexit is not the destination, it is a Trojan horse, a doorway to a society of everyone for themselves, a small state bereft of protections, for the richer not the poorer. We reject it. 
'It's game on': Meet the woman fighting for a second Brexit referendum  
Tomorrow's front page ... Barcelona's hero police chief who refused to attack Catalan referendum voters faces trial for 'sedition'  
There seems to be quite of lot people who believe the government narrative on #Salisbury. Presumably the same people that voted for Brexit. #dysbrexia 
Should Puigdemont be extradited for misuse of funds?Wouldn't make sense. The Spanish Government itself recognises that zero euros of public funds were used in the referendum.Extradition is an excuse to judge him on other issues like sedition.  
In Eastern Europe, the E.U. faces a threat more serious than Brexit: The battle for its soul  
51 weeks to Brexit & it's more important than ever we make the case for free movement for musicians. Get involved. It's easy! Here's how >   #WorkingInTheEU 
Any short-term hit from #Brexit will be so minor it'll go unnoticed. Britain can become more competitive after leaving the stranglehold of the EU. Any threat to London's dominance is from New York, especially if Britain sticks to EU regulations.-  Barclays boss Jes Staley.  
SO TRUE: The Good Friday agreement is 20 – and Britain can’t afford to forget it /#EU #Brexit #Ireland 
London = RemainTories = ukip brexitLabour = tory brexit No brainerVote pro EU May 3rd #WATON #ABTV #FBPE 
Britain opens a new naval base in the gulf, reversing half a century of weakness, since Harold Wilson's withdrawal of all British forces east of Suez. A turning page for a bolder, global Britain?#Brexit  
Are you a healthcare worker interested in the #savethe8th & #loveboth or #repealthe8th referendum? Why not come along to our #8th Amendment & Medical Care Conference on 21 April 18 from 9.30am-5pm & listen to medical & legal experts discussing the 8th. @loveboth8 @Savethe8thInfo 
Brexit poll: Stats expert REVEALS Brits DON'T want Corbyn to lead Brexit talks  Well knock me down with a large feather  
Here are the shipping routes to continental Europe that Irish hauliers will ramp up as part of plans to bypass UK ports after Brexit  
“It’s game on” for a new Brexit referendum.The public need a #FinalSay vote to choose between the Government’s Brexit deal or staying in the EU, says @BestForBritain’s @EloiseTodd.And she is increasingly confident of success. #StopBrexit. #FBPE. 
“The EU is corrupt... not only do they get £50k per year pension... but there is a 2nd secret pension fund... I mean this is public money” @StevenEdginton interview with Telegraph Brexit correspondent @JamesERothwell#ThankEUGoodbye #Brexit 
Thanks. Also, you talk about Dover, but other problem is N Ireland. There we have 275 border crossings, more than anywhere else in EU. The NI people would prefer to leave UK and join a United Ireland in case of hard brexit, unacceptable to many Tories and all DUP. #StopBrexit 
There is probably not enough time for the fresh primary legislation required for a further referendum.Those calling for a new referendum overlook it will need about a year's legislative effort to make it even happen.Won't happen by magic, with a click of the fingers.  
Shipping groups boost Ireland-EU routes ahead of Brexit  via @financialtimes 
I've never understood why if Remain thinks they have the numbers to stop #Brexit in a referendum that this government won't ever implement why they don't call for a General Strike?  
Dear Russia: Britain is still holding the burning log of Brexit b/c it just can't help playing with fire.  
No public money spent on the referendum, says Rajoy. VIDEO subtitles in German  
UK civil service knows it's not possible, but politicians prefer to lie to us, then criticise civil service for telling the truth. Eventually we will have to join CU & SM, IMO, and become a rule taker rather than rule maker. #Brexit is a fairytale, but without a happy ending 
BARRHEAD BOYWe are starting without you!Shortly after the HOOP gathering at Holyrood, I suggested that there was a feeling that the campaign for the Independence Referendum had begun. 
Searching for Aggregate IQ: What role did it play in Brexit?  
Tonight, I’m delighted to be selected  as YOUR Westminster candidate to fight this election! Vote McCrossan  on May 3rdIt’s time we had a voice on Brexit and strong Representation standing up for you!YOU NEED TO MAKE A CHANGE, SO I CAN MAKE A CHANGE!  
28,000 people in around 7,000 cars use the Eurotunnel each day. They roll off the train and straight onto the motorway. Wonder how that's going to work post #brexit . 
Remainers Finally Realising They Can’t Stop Brexit  
Blair signed 'secret deal' to hand over Gibraltar to Spain and end UK's 300-year control  via @MailOnline 
“It’s a disgrace they’ve scrapped double yellow lines in my constituency. I demand a (second) referendum.” - @DavidLammy#DavidLammy 
This is exactly what Brexit looks like seen from Europe. Ignorance, incompetence, and right out demonization of EU.  
There are over a hundred anti-Brexit events taking place in the UK in the coming weeks. Find your nearest events here.  
David Miliband tells Labour to call for a new Brexit referendum  
IMO we're in a dark scarey place right now*Brexit*Escalating trade war between US and China*Increasing breakdown of Diplomatic relations with RussiaALL with Global repercussions & unknown consequencesMeanwhile UNDER the radar - Tory carnage of *austerity* continues. 
No wonder David Cameron took to his heels when the referendum didn't go the way he hads expected !!....You just cannot trust these Tories !!...Theresa May used the close referendum result for her own political position and job protection !!  #FBPE #StopBrexit #StopTories #ABTV 
If lies come to dominate political debate, then voters won't know what is true or false, reasons and facts will lose the power to persuade & democracy will sink into the empty charade of Putinist managed democracy.This is the Trump-Brexit strategy.#StopBrexit #ABTV #Brexit 
  Any final UK-EU withdrawal agreement will need to win the approval of the European Parliament according to Article 50. If it doesn't, there will be no deal.Watch our video to find out more about the European Parliament's role in the #Brexit negotiations. #Article50 
Please if you want our country back and you want brexit, vote @UKIP if you can't, I urge you to check your available candidates & vote for those that support leaving the corrupt controlling EU. Hit them where it hurts  
This man @GuitarMoog is very bloody wiseYes Brexit can be stopped. Give the people a vote and let them decide!I’ve negotiated with the EU – and I know we can still stop Brexit | Steve Bullock  
BREAKING! (C4 News) AIQ Canada...after the Leave ‘victory’ which they played a part in ‘engineering’  their comment...”We’ve destroyed the European Union, what next” Brexit must be stopped NOW! @acgrayling @mrjamesob @thatginamiller @ThatTimWalker @IanDunt 
Like it, but not as snappy as Nick Cohen: ‘Adonis is the Farage of the Centre.’ That’s why I’m demanding 32 appearances on BBC Question Time to put the case against Brexit. Oh & then I won’t have to do so much on social media!  
Remember the huge stink kicked up by Remainers last year over Brexit and its supposed impact on shop prices? Well, according to British Retail Consortium figures just released, shop...  
“I’ve negotiated with the EU – and I know we can still stop Brexit”#Remain campaigners are having an effect, says former EU negotiator @guitarmoog.So keep up the campaign to #StopBrexit. It’s hard work and the odds are against us - but it’s working.   
Interesting post on cross-border civil litigation after Brexit, although note:1) UK government policy goal is to sign Lugano Convention, plus broader treaty with EU2) EU guidelines (para 10) say EU is willing to discuss cross-border family law issues  
Please Read.  Don’t believe anyone who says Brexit is a done deal.#StopBrexit#FBPE 
Brilliant piece here. Nothing to gain from ‘getting behind Brexit’ if you oppose it, except handing ammunition to those leading us to disaster. This has always been a series of long-haul campaigns. Single market, customs union, chance of no Brexit at all. No time to wobble now.  
With less than a year to go until #Brexit it's nice to see the Royal Mail have released some new stamps reflecting what we have to look forward to.  
Netherlands facing Brexit CRISIS: Dutch fishermen demand access to BRITISH waters  
My comment in @standardnews: My family are #Brexit bargaining chips... #FBPE #EU @The3Million @ThatTimWalker @acgrayling @nickreeves9876 @Bonn1eGreer @MatthewGreen02 ... Please share... 
Of all Brexit's bitter pills the forcible removal by the old of the identity of the young is the hardest to swallow.  
After Brexit over 300,000 .eu domain names registered to British organizations and individuals could disappear, taking their content down with them, if the European Commission has its way. But here's why they have it all wrong.  
From the "Brexit Broadcasting Corporation" to the weapons grade conspiracy mongering, it's been another very depressing week in Britain's political discourse. Another depressing week for those of us who still like the truth and facts. 
I wrote a Ladybird book about Brexit. Obviously this is a stopgap while I write my Proustian memoirs in long, meandering sentences.  
I completely agree with you. Every Brexit scenario, even a Norway style EEA, will leave UK worse off. Seen from Finland it looks like a Monty Python show, except it’s not funny at all. 
TONIGHT MUST WATCH @Channel4News @JackieLongc4 live from a shocked North London as the violent crime wave continues; @facebook admit 87 million people had their data taken; @paraicobrien goes in search of the data firm credited with Brexit; and @alextomo Yulia Skripal speaks @7 
Thank god. Someone gets it at last. It's not just overspending, co-ordination and overspending that's been alleged over the #Brexit vote rig.... it's foreign influence, Mercer and Putin. It's a national security issue.  
Inside the Brexit Broadcasting Corporation  
'We didn't know what we voted for!' EU Supergirl SNUBBED as she attempts to stop Brexit. We Did!   
Brexit would be important for Britain at any time. But this is not just any time. In the era of Trump and Russian aggression, EU withdrawal is more reckless than ever.  My thoughts on why Labour must back a new Brexit referendum, on @NewStatesman 
Why the fuck would the Government want to distract people from how shittily they're handling Brexit by being shitty at handling Russia? Use a little critical thought, Chris and then, you know, maybe think about using that critical thought on platforms other than Russia Today.  
Wait two years for either a Brexit win or a consequence of Brexit that’s genuinely funny and then they both come at once. Maybe  will do us all a favour and ? (via @brexit)  
Whistleblower Chris Wylie in tonight's @standardnews urges re-run of EU referendum: "There's too much doubt surrounding the integrity of the result," he said. "Something must be done to right this wrong." #FBPE #StopBrexit2018 #StopBrexit #WATON #ABTV #VoteRemain #BrexitShambles 
Overview of the Brexit talks on the NI/Irish border, by @lisaocarroll - doesn't seem like much progress is being made - 
Comparing Dover and Svinesund I can’t see how Dover could handle even an EEA style Brexit. 10,000 trucks, 4 minutes per truck + passport check for driver. Nah! 
- “The New Brexit Atlantis, made in Global Britain!”- “Excuse me; this isn’t what we were expecting. It looks a mess. Will it even work?”- “Stop talking the country down! You ordered it!”- “Righty ho. Well, I am British so I’d better not complain. Here’s all my money.”  
This is what #Brexit UK looks like to the world....and the wheels are definitely going to fall off.  
Here’s Luke, he voted #leave in 2016 but now has realised #brexit is not as advertised & has changed his mind!@LukeSamuel_  to you for (a) looking at #brexitreality & changing your mind & (b) for speaking out about it. You are far from alone, so many #remainernow like you! 
"It is important that we offer voters an alternative that is inclusive, progressive and liberal and can change the status quo...especially in the context of the Brexit negotiations." @allianceparty #WestTyrone 
Then there’s the Irish Border of course. Again not possible to have a soft border between NI and ROI if UK leaves Single market and Customs Union. Even an EEA, Norway, solution would require a hard border here. Brexit is stupid! 
. @DMiliband A world in which an unstable USA is retreating from its postwar global security role and in which Russia & China are extending their influence is not one in which the UK should be quitting the EU. #StopBrexit #Brexit #ABTV #VoteEU 
My overview of the Brexit talks to date -  
Labour MP accuses government of using Salisbury attack as 'diversion' to distract attention from Brexit 
Animated, breathless, Brexit discussion amongst strangers on the treadmills at the gym this a.m. All agreed that the last referendum is totally discredited and there must be a #FinalSay. Also talk of changes of heart from #Leaver friends and family and agreement to write to MP  
European Commission Chief Brexit Negotiator @MichelBarnier says the agreement on Britain's withdrawal from the EU must include a solution that avoids a hard border while respecting the integrity of the Single Market. 
If anyone having seen @PatricKielty's fantastic My Dad, The Peace Deal, & Me still thinks Brexit is more important than the peace process, here are some pics of  Belfast today. One is the peace line & the other a police station.This is what our fellow citizens live with.  
Good discussions today with Finnish Parliament @SuomenEduskunta Grand Committee and social partners. Transparency and public debate remain at the heart of our approach to #Brexit negotiations.  
A business leader owes their duty to the shareholders not to Mr Redwood. If they think speaking out against Brexit is in the interest of their company, shareholders and employees then they are duty-bound to do so. #StopBrexit 
The civil service must stop frustrating Brexit, says @johnredwood 
It's no surprise when Alastair Buchan, Oxford’s head of Brexit strategy says “this is the single biggest challenge to our universities, in the same way it is the single biggest challenge to our nation, since the Second World War,” regarding Brexit.  
David Miliband is right, Labour should back a 2nd referendum on Brexit. It's the pragmatic and sensible way to "avert the damage of Brexit" - by considering the final options, given the ambiguity & uncertainties that the first Brexit referendum brought us. 
Oppose Brexit even to the bitter end because even if we can't stop it we can still have all the I told you so. 
The government is declining to carry over all environmental legislation in the EU Withdrawal Bill, risking the protection of nature, water and air quality. #GreenerUK #Brexit 
In the year to March 2018, UK shop prices fell by 1%. This is despite Remoaners telling us Brexit would lead to an increase in the cost our weekly shop! Yet another lie propagated by #ProjectFear 
Stopping Brexit has always been a long shot, but it’s possible. We must continue to oppose what we know to be wrong and damaging on principle. Acquiescing would bring no benefits anyway with a Government that never listens.Me for @guardianopinion 
Labour's Chris Williamson tells Russian media that the government have used the Salisbury attack to distract from the problems of Brexit. Russia lapping it up. It is, after all, one of their own talking points. 
‘I’ve negotiated with the EU – and I know we can still stop Brexit’Great piece from @GuitarMoog about the political mess that is Brexit and why a political solution is still our best option#StopBrexit 
Hi @fbsecurity, could you delete the following @facebook page?Followers were collected via hundreds of demonstrably fake competitions run on your platform over 3 years.Now they're spreading vile false narratives to affect an upcoming Irish referendum.  
“I’ve negotiated with the EU – and I know we can still stop Brexit” by @GuitarMoog  
What I dislike the most about brexit, despite the lost privileges and opportunities - the way that we have squandered the legacy of the 2012 Olympics and the soft power that we spent decades building. Brextremists have well and truly killed UK's power.  
End the isolation. Farm workers urged to speak to others about issues like relationship problems, Brexit & weather. Better mental health support needed @GranadaReports #Farmers #Cheshire #Lancashire @yellowwelliesuk @cheshireagchap 
Concerned that Brexit could be like boiling the frog - going to be disastrous but phasing in is going to be so gradual that people get used to it and see it as the new normal. At that stage it’s going to be just as hard to convince them as it is now.  
I think one reason I'm beginning to change my mind is that those who counsel delay are putting their faith in the true disasters of Brexit becoming undeniable, swiftly. They may in fact only be objectively demonstrable in retrospect, by which time it'll be way, way too late. 
Great to join the team as we officially nominate @OrfhlaithBegley as the Sinn Féin candidate for the West Tyrone By-Election on 3rd May.  #NoBetterWoman Standing up for your rights, for equality and for respect. Standing against Brexit & Tory Austerity.  
Wes Streeting is right - 's tweet is nothing to do with Brexit, however it is everything to do with the lack of 's morality. Brexiteers are shamed by this group, but they do not speak for all who voted Brexit  
I rather fear Andrew reports first to the Barclay brothers - who are rather keen on Brexit - and the BBC second.  
It's not too late to change your mind about #Brexit. (please RT) #FinalSay #FBPE #StopBrexit 
I will look upon Corbyn as the opposition when he starts acting like it on Brexit. The LIE of a Brexit for jobs is as bad as any of the Tory LIES to date.  
I imagine Liam Fox sitting here all the time & ordering another pint every time he hears of a new Brexit development.  
Leavers of London is the place where the general public can meet have a pint, exchange & challenge ideas about our future in #Brexit London.  We are where REAL politics happen  
The Guardian has now changed its reference to me from "anti Brexit campaigner" to a "respected Brexit commentator".Still false, but far more pleasing.But the mischaracterisation of my argument that people should "get behind Brexit" still there.Don't get behind Brexit, kids. 
Brexit will have a huge negative impact on the music industry and performing arts, which hugely rely on ability of musicians, bands, orchestras, crew and support staff, to travel and work freely across the EU, with their instruments, equipment and merchandise... 
Alex & his wife Chiara will be cycling to 28 capital cities in Europe in protest against #Brexit. They're coming to #SODEM on their way back so we'll keep you updated so that you can join us in welcoming them - good luck guys! #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Great: after spending two days being told off for not opposing Brexit in principle, the Guardian accuses me today of being an "anti-Brexit campaigner".See the link some dappy Guardian editor has added to the first paragraph of  
Nigel Evans MP - "A second vote would be a threat not to Britain’s relationship with the EU, it would be a threat to democracy."We have just gone through the largest exercise in democracy that the United Kingdom has ever seen." #Brexit  
Interesting that the responses here are utterly dominated by anti-Brexit comments.  
Conservative party priorities for Wales:- Tidal Lagoon - Electrified railways - A fair devolution settlement - More powers post Brexit - Fair funding - Bridge named after unelected elite  
Article 50 one year on: negotiating Brexit @StevePeers @Uni_of_Essex 
New Dublin-Rotterdam/Zeebrugge/Cherbourg routes to bypass UK.Shipping groups boost Ireland-EU routes ahead of Brexit -  via @FT 
To all those MP's hiding behind"The Will of the People"Red Blue or Orange. If you cite this excuse you are unfit to be an MP.16,141,241 will remember how you did nothing to save our country.We will not forget.#FBPE #brexit #ABTV #waton 
This is ultimately why I’m implacably opposed to any Brexit.Brexit on current terms makes no sense, and does not meet VL claims.By failing to be honest about Brexit’s contradictions, May makes the “betrayal” idea so much easier.We should all be VERY worried about that. 
I agree: the “transition” will last forever.Key Q for Parliament is: will it prioritise the unity of the Tory Party or will it reject a Brexit deal that is the exact opposite of “taking back control”?  
My day on Twitter1. Write post on law of Brexit, carefully pointing out that legal issues may yield to politics.2. Tweet link to post.3. Get replies saying that I ignore, or do not understand, Brexit is a primarily political not legal matter.4. Put head in bucket and cry. 
SNP MP @PeteWishart warns against indyref2. If you agree with Pete then join the majority against another referendum today! Sign up here: Read more on the story here:  
Remoaners Finally Realising They Can't Stop Brexit It’s only the cranks still saying Brexit can be reversed… via @GuidoFawkes 
As a consequence of Brexit, UK will no longer participate in work of EU agencies. I welcome European Chemicals Agency's #Brexit preparedness work. @EU_ECHA in Helsinki fulfills important regulatory functions for single market and a key role for environment & health protection. 
In Eastern Europe, the E.U. faces a rebellion more threatening than Brexit  
Survey by Pinsent Masons found 51% of companies had triggered their plans for a no-deal Brexit, including shifting work abroad to European branches. This gvt.s catastrophic #Brexit negotiations have harmed our economy. The impacts will worsen if we pursue this reckless cause. 
Imagine going to the electorate in 2021 again asking them for a mandate to hold an independence referendum that they'd given us five years ago but which we hadn't exercised because we were frightened they might vote No. Our opponents would have a field day. 
nearly two years after the EU Referendum, the government has a transition deal but still no withdrawal agreement... so they have a timeline for a plan, but still no actual plan  
The "I am 9 weeks old. I can yawn and kick. Don't repeal me" posters are misleading people on the stakes of this referendum. Remember the 8th is not just about abortion. 
Anti-Brexit events popping up all over UK. Show your face, wave your flag, support the local group.Make sure you have the big marches in your diary for June & October - @Bremaininspain will be attending both. 
Incorrect. This shadowy BBC Censor does veto Brexit related programmes likely to offend No 10. I know because it’s just vetoed one in which I was involved, although BBC sponsored. More anon.  
Join our campaign to help secure a #FinalSay #PeoplesVote - The country deserves more than soundbites, they deserve to know what Brexit will actually mean to the #NHS #foodprices #security #travel and more.  pic.twitter.com/IBGTQV9izz 
No tidal lagoon, no post-Brexit replacement funding, no rail electrification to Swansea but Tory Secretary of State has managed to get a bridge renamed. Pathetic. My comments for @BBCWales #bridgegate 
'It's game on': Meet the woman fighting for a second Brexit referendum” That’s @eloisetodd also a member of @TechForUK ! 
The BBC have been burying Tory Scandals and Spreading Tory Propaganda for a long time. Scandals like Involvement in Brexit result, Carillion lost Billions, Nat Debt passing £2Trillion, Cambridge Analytica, Nerve Gas/Russia Lies. As F/S & PM May knew of Manchester Bombers. FACTS.  
When is the UK is going to wake up to Theresa May? She opposed Brexit. Then she became PM while promising to implement it. Since then she's dragging out the process, trying to make sure Brexit never happens, while paying lip service to it & doing enough to keep herself in power.  
This is amazing !!! 30,000 Brits take to the streets to take their country back !#TheTRUMPEffect has sparked #Patriotism all over the globe !! #MAGA Meets #MBGA #BREXIT 
TIME TO STAND UP, EVERYONE! Huge #Brexit peaceful protest at 6 ports around the country on Sunday. Support our fishermen's flotillas as they sail for freedom. Details where to meet:  and  
I’ve negotiated with the EU – and I know we can still stop Brexit | Steve Bullock  
Yakovenko says, outside EU, most countries do not accept UK’s claims about #Russia being to blame for #SalisburyAttack. IF that’s true: Could it ALL be about #Brexit? 
I am far from alone in being unconvinced by Pete Wishart’s hyper-cautious approach. Veteran commentator Ruth Wishart (no relation) is one of many who have taken him to task for his vacillation. | Referendum 2018  via @BerthanPete #Referendum2018 
Brexit means shambles: 15 things you definitely didn’t vote for...  
Russia: Britain did because of Brexit. Corbyn people: The Tories did it because of council seats in Wandsworth. Owen Jones: Hats! 
“The end game in order to avert the damage of Brexit is going to need to be in the hands of the people.”   
Am writing an article in response to this “brexit now can’t be stopped” stuff that seems to be around lately. Spoiler: yes it can, this is very far from over. 
The UK industry makes more than 300,000 journeys a year with 75,000 British lorries. #Brexit raises so many questions and it is time for @theresa_may to step-up and provide clarity. 
A hardheaded analysis of Brexit as seen from Germany. Sober and sobering.  
Andrew Neil has been lying for Brexit for years, he tailors his BBC shows to help Brexit, he repeatedly talks about a Brexit dividend, he keeps showing unrepresentative clips which he dishonestly says shows politicians said we'd be out of the SM. He's a lying unethical journalist  
Very happy to be in Helsinki today meeting Prime Minister @juhasipila and ministers @PetteriOrpo and @SampoTerho We need to finalise the Withdrawal Agreement and build a close future relationship based on a balance of rights and obligations. #Brexit  
"Their reasons may be different, but the end result is the same; the Tories are Brexit’s architect, Labour the handmaiden, and much of the country left wondering what on earth the opposition thinks its job actually is."  
Either way - I don't think we're at a point where we can say there's no way to stop Brexit. Or that it is likely that Brexit can be stopped. It remains unlikely but possible. 
No deal Brexit, or very hard Brexit under a Rees-Mogg type, or extending Article 50, or revoking Article 50 would all be perfectly likely outcomes. 
Let's get one thing straight....There is NO gender pay gap in this country.You can't compare a MALE airline pilots pay to a FEMALE flight attendant...or a MALE surgeons pay to a FEMALE nurse...It's just utter b*llocks pushed by failed P.M. 'Sharia' May to deflect from BREXIT!  
Bit baffled by last few days of Remainer debate on here. The rejection of the Brexit deal in parliament is a precondition of stopping Brexit, it would not stop Brexit in itself. 
Hi. Probably the most famous Corbyn supporter on Facebook here. Corbyn rambles on too much. He's too willing to forgive & forget those who have knifed him in the back. His 1st year in the job was a mess due to learning on the job. His Brexit stance could be a lot better ... 
Brexit Britain can rejuvenate global network after years of EU dilution  
The denial of a #FinalSayForAll + an option to #StopBrexitSaveBritain proves beyond a doubt #Brexit is no longer about Confirming the Will of the Ppl but both Far Right & Far Left imposing their will on the Ppl.DON'T VOTE FOR PARTIES BACKING THE #BrexitShambles#FairVote #ABTV 
READ: my article for the @edinburghpaper on Brexit.The referendum was not a mandate to trash the economy and tear up the Good Friday Agreement. That is why Parliament and the public must have a meaningful say on the final Brexit deal. 
David Miliband urges Labour to back new #Brexit referendum in latest intervention in UK politics  
..."Denmark joined the EU in the same year as the UK and has long been seen as one of the more eurosceptic or anti-EU countries. But Euroscepticism has fast lost support as the consequences of Britain’s vote for Brexit become clearer." ...#FBPE 
Massive gap between wage growth in Germany and the UK is not caused by large-scale immigration (which both have had). It's down to policy failures by the UK government which it is using Brexit to cover up. #FBPE #StopBrexit 
Getting utterly fed up of brexit voting fishermen crying foul now. You voted for this. No one forced you. You’ve been the cause of your own downfall and now you want to protest with the very folk who sold you out? Idiots. 
Brexit doesn't get any independence. It just gets vassal status via subsequent trade agreements with the EU, USA and China in which they, having much larger economies and being much less desperate for a deal, impose their demands on us. #Brexit #StopBrexit #VoteEU 
#ReasonsToBoycottBBCThey gave a platform to Brextremists They sought out far-right audience members for Question TimeThey help the push for hard BrexitThey gloss over the impact of Cambridge Analytica on democracyThey don't challenge obvious lies and scams 
If this guy had led Labour instead of Corbyn, we'd now have a Labour government, an end to austerity and no Brexit.David Miliband urges Labour to back new Brexit referendum#FBPE  
The message from Westminster since the Brexit vote is very clear:"YOU ARE A PRINCIPALITY.YOU BELONG TO US"#PrinceofWalesbridge 
Trailer for the film I made about @BorderIrish...It won't make you laugh as much, but it might just make you think#Border #IrishBorder #Brexit #BrexitShambles #Ireland #uk #Europe 
Brexit’s latest victim is the Boris Johnson-Michael Gove unstable bromance  
Douglas Carswell, I see you’ve responded to my tweet questioning your attitude to female anti-Brexit voices. As telling as your attitude.   
REVEALED: Contrary to popular assumption, most Britons living in the EU27 aren’t retirees / #EU #Brexit  
For anyone in London, if the telegraph is predicting a wipe out at the locals you know it's bad.Let's see if we can get rid of all brexit supporting candidates in the locals, regardless of party. I'm going Green in Islington.Go for it @SebastianSandys 
David Miliband tells Labour to call for a new Brexit referendum  
John Redwood threatens to silence businesses who speak out against #Brexit.Businesses must retaliate fast and speak out against being threatened by John Redwood. Those who believe Brexit is bad for Britain must help #StopBrexit 
Dear Customer Services,Your Brexit thing is eating itself.Yours, absolutely grossed out,The Irish Border 
#BREAKING: Former #Catalonia police head charged by Spanish "justice" with "criminal organization" and "sedition", for refusal to comply with enthusiastic beating up of old women during independence referendum.  
Dear Customer Services,Why does this Brexit thing look away from me every time I try to talk to it? In any case I would be grateful if you could remove it and refund me. This product is deficient. Yours (implying legal action, frankly), The Irish Border 
MPs like Frank Fields and others are asking questions in the House, in Select Committees and elsewhere.  When IDS came up with UC, many of us expressed serious concerns & Gauke doesn't understand the issues. A Govt with no heart & now no bandwidth due to Brexit at all costs  
Brexit ringleaders are terrified of a final deal vote because they know they fluked it by lying and cheating last time and wouldn’t have a cat in hell’s chance.FUCK them and their “you don’t respect democracy”. They subverted democracy in 2016 and have hidden from it ever since 
Theresa May has constantly been invited to the European Parliament to set out her Brexit plans and forge relationships with influential MEPs. Macron is doing just that in two weeks time. @guyverhofstadt 
Brexit is changing.With every step of the negotiations. With every clause in the New EU Treaty. With every decision by foreign investors & countries... The thing you voted for is changingIn 2016 you made a calculation that Brexit was good for the UK.What about now?#TreatyVote 
This is what 11 years of the SNP gives you.No wonder Ms Sturgeon is too scared to call for an independence referendum & it also explains why her Growth Commission report has disappeared without trace.  
Remember when I said last week—when I was once again subject to a day of tons of insults and abuse—that Brexiters *always* question credentials/intelligence/professional standing when it comes to female anti-Brexit voices? Meet @DouglasCarswell & @DanielJHannan everyone  
Dear Customer Services, Further to my last, this Brexit thing makes growly noises which I do not comprehend. Perhaps it is asking for help, but it looks like it wants to kill me. Please send either: a translation guide; or the location of the Off switch. Yours, Irish Border 
#Catalonia | The Spanish National Court (a special and exceptional high court in #Spain) charges former Catalan police chief Josep Lluís #Trapero with criminal organization and sedition, in relation to independence referendum. Criminal? Really?!  
Five areas where @BBCnews should engage with its constructive critics1 Failure to hold govt to account2 Bias against Scottish Indy3 Bias against Corbyn4 Bias against opponents of Brexit5 Coverage of #CambridgeAnalyticaBBC aggressive defensiveness to criticism not helpful 
I was given this Brexit thing as a present by a grumpy relative two years ago and you had promised to send me instructions on how it is going to work. But I have not yet received any instructions. Your assistance in this matter would be most appreciated, Yours, Irish Border 
Facebook played a role, maybe a decisive one, in the referendum. If Facebook was a state we wouldn’t allow it. Yet it has more power than many nation states. And it is not co-operating with our national investigations. This is a national security issue, no?cc @YvetteCooperMP 
So Redwood says he will make sure businesses & their execs go through hell if they refuse to stay silent over brexit - ie speaking out about how brexit will seriously damage their businesses - surely those businesses know their businesses better than Deadwood Redwood does 
Cambridge Analytica is under investigation for its role in referendum. As is its affiliate AIQ. Yet Zuck made no mention of referendum. Why?  
OECD forecast shows the UK is projected to be the worst performing of the world’s leading advanced & emerging economies in both 2018 + 2019, with economic growth of 1.3% for 2018, slumping to just 1.1% in 2019,demonstrating the negative impact #Brexit is having on the UK economy. 
Mr Redwood promising ‘punishment’ for business leaders opposing Brexit. But they wouldn’t anyway get reported on #BrexitBroadcastingCorporation 
Remainers Finally Realising They Can't Stop Brexit:  
Dear Sadiq KhanAt this moment in time , no one really cares who you are having a selfie with today , why u don’t like Trump , why u oppose Brexit or why you’re a feminist etcStop virtue signalling & making out you’re some unbelievable humanYOU’RE NOT #ResignKhan 
"Brexit means “taking full control” of our economic and social policies. Continued EEA membership would make this impossible," writes @RuthLeaEcon  
Tired of hearing that 85% of voters supported Brexit in the 2017 GE?Please consider carefully, if you're voting in #LE2018 . A vote for Con/Lab *is* a vote for #Brexit .#ABTV #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
Before people tweet me about sovereignty I’d like to point out if the UK hadn’t retained its sovereignty we couldn’t have held the referendum in the first place.Ask the Scots about that.. 
.@Will_DryOFOC asks Can we stop Brexit?... The answer is SIMPLE - YES, Theresa May doesn't have a majority - ANYTHING can happen!  
Brexit:You can't go through itYou can't go around itYou can't go under itYou can't go over itYou can't get on with itBrexitJust, stop it 
#BREAKING Spanish National Court charges former Catalan police chief Josep Lluís Trapero with criminal organization and sedition, in relation to independence referendum pic.twitter.com/2O7XMD8aIw 
Except the bit where she lied about asylum seekers cats, foreign student numbers & "health tourism" & demanded a "hostile environment" & won't intervene as black elders incarcerated & denied NHS as result & hid her Remain views from sight during the Referendum cos of her ambition  
Romanians, Bulgarians, Latvians etc. will have passports giving them the right to live, work & study across the EU. We'll have #Brexit blue passports, giving no such right; crap passports, among the most useless in Europe. We will be the laughing-stock!#StopBrexit #ABTV #VoteEU 
Election Poll for the swing voters out there: Would you vote for a Labour Party led by Corbyn or a more centrist candidate? #UKElections #Election #Labour #Corbyn #Brexit [Please RT] 
Nissan, Toyota and Vauxhall have all now announced important investments in the UK post the referendum. We were told the opposite would happen by Remain. During our time in the EU Ford pulled out of making vehicles here and BL collapsed completely. 
Didn’t catch the Patrick Kielty programme, but I’m surprised Arlene Foster intends to leave Ireland in the event of a vote for reunification. Where’s she going? After all, it will have been a British Government that called the referendum in the first place. 
'The weakest, most riven government I've ever seen': Scotland's Brexit minister says May's 'paralysed' Cabinet is damaging negotiations  via @businessinsider 
Do you remember them all brainwashing the Brexsheep to bleat "The EU project is failing" ?It isn't. They are. Brexit is failing the UK. They lied to us.  
The idea that the UK is leaving the EU is nonsense. The EU will still be the economic superpower next door having a massive influence over our economy & lives, but we will have thrown away any influence in its decision-making. #Brexit is stupid. Brexit is lies. #StopBrexit 
This @PatricKielty doc "My Dad, The Peace Deal and Me" is so touching and great. Well worth your eye ball time, especially if you're wondering why the NI border issue is such an important part of Brexit:  
Join us for our largest ever day of action on Saturday April 14!Find your nearest event and sign up to campaign to give voters a right to have a say on the Brexit deal and save our place in the EU. 
I was born the week before the referendum on the 8th Amendment in September 1983.Do you know what I want for my 35th birthday this year??BODILY AUTONOMY!!Come on folks...we've got 50 days to ensure I get my present!!  
Did the Greeks want us to Brexit? No. 55% were against it and 25% for... did we listen - and stay with them in solidarity? No... many Brexiterrs exploited the Greek crisis just to push Brexit.How does Brexit help the Greeks?! Any answers? 
Let us be quite clear the Unionists have been fighting this inevitable referendum ever since May 2015 when the SNP landslide happened.  
The EU Commission have ordered  to change their name after Brexit. Oh the irony.  
A quarter of Devon farms could go bust post-Brexit as European subsidies are withdrawn.Many farmers voted for Brexit. But now the reality is clear, they should be able to choose to #Remain.Give the public a #FinalSay to #StopBrexit. 
Hi @fishingforleave, will you be protesting against the British fishermen who sold their quotas to other EU fishermen?  PS: Welsh fishermen are going to be hit really hard by #Brexit. Maybe they should have voted to Remain.  
I write a post yesterday which said:"little is inevitable in policy and law: if political will changes, the legal dots will be joined. A combination of bad news and political upheaval could still mean that politics of Brexit could change and process delayed or cancelled."1. 
Do you know, part of me thinks this whole brexit car crash is because we are jealous of Germany. They've managed their economy better, they manufacture at the highest standard in the world, they're richer......and there's the big one....they're better at football 
We can start this NOW!  COMMONWEALTH 2.0: Brexit Britain can rejuvenate global network. This should be part of the British government's strategy once the UK is free of the European Union.  
Has the success of Russia’s disinformation war during and since Brexit hit home yet, now the fractures are becoming ravines and the wedges easier to drive with every passing day?They eroded the fabric of this country and are now sticking their figures in the wounds. We’re done. 
Don't worry u're in good company & am sure they consider me the thickest MEP psychiatrist (I'm the only one ) they've ever met as I refuse to see the merit of Brexit or English nationalism (Hannan calls himself a liberal nationalist whatever that contradictory oxymoron means!) 
I´ve just booked a flight to go to the demo for @BremainInSpain on Mon 30 April to coinicide with the important debate in Parliament.#StopBrexit better than a bad Brexit@SODEMAction @acgrayling @Suewilson91 @CofEverywhere 
Barclays boss: Brexit will allow the UK to take back control of its future and can benefit the economy 
Project fear DESTROYED as Luton van factory creates thousands of new jobs for Brexit UK  
Tory Brexiteer @nigelmp warns Remoaners attempts to THWART Brexit are a 'THREAT to democracy'  
Why Labour must back a new Brexit referendum@DMiliband lays out the disturbing geopolitical consequences of BrexitSurprised but pleased to day I agree with every word of this 
'This myth about the irreversible nature of Brexit must be confronted' — Rupa Huq MP writes for Business Insider  via @ #Stopbrexit #FinalSay #FairVote 
Excellent from @DMiliband but he and the many Labour parliamentarians who share his view need to start thinking of what steps they'll take if Corbyn & the hard-left continue to refuse to allow Labour to back a #finalsay referendum 
This changed because a reader got in touch with us, and we got in touch with Facebook on her behalf. Contact me and @AarRogan if you see anything strange on social media in the run up to the referendum. 
Of course, we should leave the EEA on #Brexit.  
This is why you should not vote for a pro-Brexit party. People like this will say you are pro-Brexit. They will say it's proof that 80% support Brexit, despite it being patently ridiculous.  
"The Department for the Environment, food and rural affairs is ready to lose up to a quarter of farm businesses when Brexit bites" 
Do you remember them all brainwashing the Brexsheep to bleat "There is no hard or soft Brexit?"It now appears there is. There always was. They lied to us.  
Tory Defence Committee Chair wants defence spending up 50 per cent due to North Korea threat but supports losing our money with #Brexit & sailing away from our EU friends. Bonkers   
Brexit: Eloise Todd is fighting for Britons to be given a second vote on EU membership — and is increasingly confident of success @BestForBritain @eloisetodd 
On this regulation demonstrably shaping privacy standards across globe incl Facebook, UK data watchdog (ICO) sits on A29 group implementing, UK civil servants helped design, UK legislators voted for it - obv Brexit means none will occur from a year’s time:  
#Eurogroup finance ministers to @yanisvaroufakis upon hearing about idea to hold a referendum: "Are you serious? Are you going to ask the common, average citizens of #Greece to make such an important decision? I said yes, it's called #democracy. This is what we do in democracies" 
ICYMIThe Dangers of a Skeleton #Brexit  
BIG PRO-#BREXIT PROTEST ON SUNDAY - Hi everyone, we now publish details of where and when to meet on Sunday.  A great day out by the seaside! DETAILS:  Brilliant organisation by @fishingforleave  
"From Ted Heath onwards, Prime Ministers have used our place in Europe as a multiplier of our power... Brexit weakens us when we can least afford it." @DMiliband 
In today's news:- Vauxhall picks UK plant for new investment- Spain says it won't hold Gibraltar hostage over Brexit- Barclays boss says Brexit is opportunity to boost competition- Curry Houses furious over plan to prioritise EU migrants 
Brexit is personal!I don't want it.I won't support any party who wants Brexit.3rd May, send May and Corbyn a message, no Brexit.  
Brexit can be stopped. It's not straightforward, not easy, but it's a million times preferable to trying to rejoin. Eyes on the prize, as they say, and fight to persuade our politicians to withdraw the toxic Article 50 notification, while we still can. 10/10 
This isn't John Lewis. You can't return Brexit if you don't like it. Once we're out, we are out. Brexit means Brexit. Do not be seduced by siren voices saying we can fight to rejoin - that is far more of an uphill struggle than stopping this now while we still have a chance. 9/ 
This in the week Annan is devastated by huge job losses - many of which are being shifted to Grimsby. This is the story of Scotland IN the union. And Theresa May has refused to rule out tax rises after Brexit btw. ScotTories for you.  
.Let's make sure Brexit DOESN'T Mean that MORE people will die in IrelandStop Brexit. Just stop it.#BrexitWillHaveABodyCount. 
“ You get the society you deserve”No compassionIntoleranceHatredRacismBrexitWhere did we go wrong? #r4today 
Trade expert @SamuelMarcLowe writes for Business Insider: Why Britain's vision for post-Brexit trade deals is probably an illusion  
Investors are more interested in Berlin's tech scene than Frankfurt's Brexit imports  
Ian Murray: ‘Will of the people’ must be heard on final #Brexit dealThe public has a right to examine the Brexit deal and be able to compare it against what we have now. That’s democracy and ‘taking back control’ in action.#StopBrexit #FBPE #FinalSay 
#Brexit in name only threatens democracy - me for @CityAM  
Brilliant from @RupaHuq - exposing the reality of #Brexit and calling for the British people to have the #FinalSay. The more Labour MPs have the courage to speak out like Rupa, the better our chances. 
Applications for nursing courses down by 10%. Might be useful to see whether cutting the nurses bursary had any bearing on these numbers. #ScrapTheCap #NHS #Brexit 
. @trevkilburn not only did I vote leave,I was a constituency coordinator for Vote Leave,ran pro Brexit Facebook page,a pro Brexit blog,sent outpro Brexit emails&used this twitter account to promote Brexit.Plse report me to @NYorksRPG I don't visit London, it's a 3rd World slum 
160,000 children set to lose their free school meals under Tory cuts. For many this is the only proper meal they get each day. What sort of party starves children?Yet they've got billions for bribes and #brexit.  
"Nissan, Toyota & Vauxhall have all now announced important investments in the UK post-referendum. We were told the opposite would happen by Remain. During our tine in the EU, Ford pulled out of making vehicles here and BL collapsed completely." - Rt Hon @johnredwood MP, this am. 
Is it me or does it seem like the British establishment is going out of its way to deliberately kick Wales down at the moment?  No Justice powers, no say in Brexit, no rail investment, and here you go - fawn over your colonisers, peasants! #IndyWales can't come soon enough! 
And you know who else worked on the same campaign? AggregateIQ, the Canadian firm, @vote_leave used during referendum. Here’s the ‘murder video’ Cambridge Analytica made for them to distribute  
Mass pro-#Brexit protests in ports nationwide THIS SUNDAY.  Will you help?  Brexit Facts4EU calls for all decent people who respect democracy to tell Mrs May that #CoastalCommunitiesCount. "Your Chance To Play Your Part In Brexit History" - read:  
The British media right now:Distract the public with endless stories about the Royal Family or negative messaging about Jeremy Corbyn. This conveniently marginalises any real scrutiny over the government’s handling of Brexit. 
#VoteLeave promised that we wouldn’t lose any funding as a result of #Brexit.Failing to deliver this promise breaks the 2016 referendum mandate.  
They keep asking what Igbos want ?Igbos want Biafra an independent nation of their own where they can create a better nation than Nigeria and thus maximise their potentials. Just organise a referendum amongst ndiIgbo to put this question to test.@UN @AmnestyNigeria @POTUS 
What is it about being poorer for next 10-15yrs that Brexit leavers find so attractive. What is it that makes leavers wish upon themselves to pay more in taxes to make the rich richer &  pay more just to live, potentially losing their jobs, their homes their friends & families? 
No, you have a leader who sent GO HOME vans to drive around Immigrant communities scaring the shit out of people and currently panders to racists by pretending Brexit isn’t social and economic suicide.Thin ice, Tim  
“Instead of pushing for co-sovereignty, Spain is now hoping to use the Brexit process to secure concessions such as the joint use of Gibraltar’s airport and ... “ extradition of @ClaraPonsati from Scotland? It wouldn’t surprise me. It looks like Spain will try anything. A farce. 
"After Brexit the British government will descend on Scotland like a wolf." We can't keep delaying this referendum. #Referendum2018 
358 days to stop Brexit. Want to join the fight for a people’s vote on Brexit Deal for young people? Sign up at #FFS 
France to launch 'EUROPEAN ARMY' by June – and the UK is invited to join even AFTER Brexit - Express  
A call to #follow two Brexit tweeters who received crap yesterday.Both @AgataGostynska and @JMPSimor are, in fact, two of the best and most informed and insightful tweeters on Brexit.  
THE REAL NEWS#ForeignSecretary's lies risk warRich buy #Brexit vote and 2017 General Election150,000 of British citizens killed by unnecessary #austerity measures@BBCNews joins Murdoch/Dacre press as official Govt propaganda outlet'Centrist' @UKLabour MPs help Tory Govt 
“For me Britain is the last country with common sense in the EU, when Britain leaves we’ve losing an ally for reasonability”“The whole of the EU, itself, is becoming, over time, a much less attractive, competitive place” @HansOlafHenkel#Brexit 
Giving up = lying down to die.Nope. Not doing it. Not while I've got life in me. #Brexit is wrong for this country, for me personally and even for those who voted for it, and I can't *unknow* that. I will not join the #BrexitTaliban cult - not ever. I am die-hard #StopBrexit. 
Local Elections being held in May ARE NOT a back door to stop Brexit. Shame on LibDems. Voters will elect people who govern  daily life: Waste/Recycling Collection, Housing, Licensing, Car Parks, Leisure Centres Planning/Building Control, Tree Preservation ...  
#Brexit "was a great leap of faith by the British people".But faith is often blind and stupid.We need to help them see sense and reason.#Brexit only exists so long as people continue to believe in it.Crush the belief in the fantasy and #Brexit ceases to exist.  
Brexit can be stopped. Keep up the fight. 
Brexit is not a done deal. It can be stopped.  
Our community group is calling for a No vote in the upcoming referendum on abortion. Happy to support #savethe8th . @Savethe8thInfo 
The British government seems in no hurry to inform its people about the inevitable negative consequences [of Brexit]. At some point, Ms. May will have to tell the truth.   
IMAGINE if the $25.7 million spent on the referendum went into Middlemore?  
HUH Corbyn will just rubber stamp it - wouldn't trust him any more than I would trust May - both in it together.  Corbyn is the Tory Brexit Enabler whom I hold in as much contempt as I do May.  
Con & Lab party activists will breath sighs of relief & get back to fighting each other on issues they feel comfortable about and will try to marginalise people who complain about Brexit 25/ 
"The Scottish Parliament, elected by proportional representation has a mandate to deliver a Scottish referendum on Independence. Now is not the time for those we have elected to dither."  via @NewsOrkney 
This - most likely #brexit outcome is.....err...no actual Brexit outcome  
We really need a complete & accurate picture of CA's relationship with the MoD, GCHQ, the DUP, Vote Leave, the Conservative Party & the Kremlin Troll Factories - and a precise account of exactly what made Cameron call the Brexit Referendum. 
English players finally perform under a German management. As fucking if this country needs Brexit. 
COMMONWEALTH 2.0: Brexit Britain can REJUVENATE global network after YEARS of EU dilution  
Since 1934 #SNP has never established how separating Scotland from UK would lead to higher growth, they still can't, hence @AgentP22's telling tweet!#Brexit process incomparable, snapshot in time, 64% Sco biz with rUK.Dividend to be had working closer together in UK!  
Very wise words on the importance of the @Europarl_EN from my colleague @AgataGostynska - and its strengths and weaknesses, and its key role in the Brexit negotiations. @CER_EU 
To the BBC Andrews, @afneil & @AndrewMarr9. You're the most important men in politics at the BBC. You've both rubbished the story. You've both denied any link between referendum & Cambridge Analytica. Can you please just watch this? And keep an open mind? 
23/ So while I feel my MP is someone I should give up on, while there is still time for him to stop or mitigate Brexit I won’t give up. There is still time for us all or Parliament to have the final say. 
They’ve already said they won’t make further noise about Gibraltar after Brexit “if” ... 
18/ I owe it to my countrymen because I believe Brexit will make us poorer, reduce our healthcare, education, safety and opportunities 
‘Close to 100% of UK farms could be worse off after Brexit’Whatever sector you work in, Brexit is putting jobs at risk. We’re better off if we #StopBrexit and #Remain in the EU. #FBPE. 
17/ I owe it to Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland because the UK agreed to put peace first and way before the referendum was proposed. I won’t support a political project that risks peace in Ireland. 
13/ But it also goes deeper than that. I will not give in to a Government that has no plan that leaves us better off and will only base its Brexit strategy on the mantra “will of the people” and to appease a few ultra Brexiteers who really do not care about you or me 
Not that I want more, but it’s disgusting that female academics, analysts, campaigners and commentators on Brexit get far more, and more personally offensive and threatening, abuse than I ever get. I know this is nothing new but it’s still shocking and utterly unacceptable.  
So Arlene Foster the captain of the Unionist Brexit Titanic has admitted she will be the first into a life boat ahead of the women and children in the event of a United Ireland..."Iceberg straight ahead Arelene"....what a leader 
Dear Britain, if you've heard @chrisinsilio's bombshells about Facebook & Cambridge Analytica, please try & listen to what he says with an open mind. Same scandal at the heart of referendum too. Really not Leave/Remain. It's so much bigger than that. 
A slightly more combative than usual version of me in this #Viewsnight clip explaining the role of the European Parliament in the #Brexit talks.  
The best thing about Brexit is that not a single person will get what they actually wanted. We will be united in disappointment. It’s the British way. 
Brexit boost: Vauxhall chooses UK over Europe as French car giant SAVES 1,400 UK jobs  
We need Farmers Against Brexit -  we know for a fact they exist. Happy to help make it a voice on Twitter and elsewhere. Any takers? @Scientists4EU know you'll back this! 
Patients with long-term conditions may have to pay for private health insurance cover when travelling to other European countries after Brexit, a House of Lords committee has warned. 
Many things to think and talk about, but remember our number one priority is to get the largest possible vote for pro-EU parties on May 3. We have this one chance to use our votes, we must not waste it. #VoteEU #ABTV #StopBrexit #Brexit  
The threats to Gina Miller are reason enough on their own to stop #Brexit. They are terrorism. We must never surrender to terrorism. #Brexit must stop NOW!#StopBrexit #FBPE #ABTV 
You see this Porton Down debacle, Boris. This is what happens when you don’t listen to experts. See also: Brexit. 
Fed up with the UK being the laughing stock? Do you want TM to #SackBorisJohnson? Why not sack the lot of them! And Labour Party too for enabling a Tory hard Brexit. Send both main Parties a clear message at #LE2018 on 3rd May. Vote for ProEU Parties ONLY. #ABTV #VoteEU 
Foreign Office makes up stuff, tweets it, gets busted fake newsing, deletes tweet. Crazy stuff. Fast heading towards being a banana republic. Brexit accelerates UK decline. Quality of our politicians is the wind in its sails. A once great nation sleepwalking into the abyss. Shame 
Johnson, Farage, Fox, GoveCambridge Analytica #Brexit scandalHidden fundingLeavers, I suppose it's "possible* that Brexit could have been brought about by universally dodgy people via a very dodgy campaign, & still be the right thing to doPossible, but bloody unlikely 
I was so saddened when Indian & Pakistani diaspora voters told me in Referendum they were going to vote leave as they'd been promised a lifting of visa restrictions from commonwealth countries.About as likely as the £250m per week to the NHS "promise"   
The deputy of the Israeli Parliament @KseniaSvetlova, who was one of the International Observers at the 1-O Referendum, denounced the arrest of President @KRLS in Germany & speaks in favor of the right of self-determination of the peoples .. 
81 % of Leave voters in England believe destabilising the Northern Irish peace process a price worth paying  for Brexit.Leave voters consider Brexit more important than the UK That is, they would accept Scottish independence if doing so guaranteed Brexit  
Sep. 2017: Metroscopia publishes survey in which 82% of Catalans say they want negotiated referendum (incl. 57% of Ciudadanos voters & 49% of PP voters). Instead, 6 months of brutal repression & refusal even to respect election results. Spain, April 2018.  
Amigos, ffiends in Trump's swamp here in Wash.DC.Don't miss the greate debate tomorrow at 6pm Maryland University.Globalization Nation State. On this corner  on the other Sr Farage promoter of Brexit & dogmatic trump follower.  
Whether or not this swung US election (or Brexit) isn’t really the issue, but use of personal data to attempt to swing an election (which is goal of political campaigning) should really concern folk. There’s basically no regulation of online digital ads. No record kept even  
In which @GuitarMoog describes my position on Brexit in a tweet better than I have managed over a few thousand.  
When David Cameron tried to garner EU support for his renegotiation the idea of an emergency brake on migration was ruled out. He had to settle for the thin gruel of an emergency brake on benefits. Why on earth would EU leaders now agree to an emergency brake post-Brexit? 
‘Many farmers are privately sceptical that Defra under Gove has any real interest in maintaining the UK’s ability to produce home-grown food. They fear Gove believes the global market will be able to make up any shortfall if UK farming suffers a downturn as a result of Brexit.’  
We now know from Facebook that Cambridge Analytica harvested over a million British people’s data.  We know Leave .EU used Cambridge Analytica's services during the referendum. Was OUR stolen data used to sway the referendum result? #fairvotenow 
What did we do to deserve duplicitous David Davis, mendacious Boris Johnson & disgraced former defence secretary now trade secretary Liam Fox? Has there ever been such a trio of incompetents in charge of the country? #BrexitShambles #Brexit #humiliation #StopBrexit #ToriesOut 
DAG is not opposed to Brexit in principle, but believes (not wanting to speak for him of course that a) it became impossible to do without serious damage once Maastricht was agreed; and b) it has been mishandled at every stage. Reasonable positions IMHO. 
Watching Patrick Kielty on @BBCOne. Feeling angry that #Brexit is endangering the GFA and peace in Ireland. Why, so that Banks,  Rees-Mogg and Farage can get richer. So that Gove and Johnson's political ambition to can be met. #StopBrexitSaveBritain #fbpe 
Rees-Mogg Defends Brexit from Fresh Push to Block Clean Exit   
With #Brexit & Trump, Cambridge Analytica proved it's possible to interfere in democratic elections & referenda. Whilst Trump has 8 years max. (dear God), Brexit could last forever. If we're not given a #FinalSayForAll , CA & others will feel theirs is a viable, ongoing strategy. 
1/2 Abroad For Yes has been set up on FB to help (registered!) voters get back to take part in the referendum. I snared a fairly cheap flight, so can donate towards someone else's costs. Ideally a male voter, there haven't been half enough of them coming out of the bushes so far  
What a fantastic documentary that was with Patrick Keilty on 20 years of the Good Friday Agreement on the @BBC. Compelling, empathetic, forgiving and inspirational. Their stupid, chaotic Brexit must not be allowed to threaten the GFA. 
WATCH: Remainer admits he 'heartily regretted' giving into fear and he WISHES he voted for Brexit.  
We're happy to talk in local elex about stopping Brexit - the no.1 issue of our generation! But we'll also talk air pollution, council tax cuts, affordable housing! @MarxdeMorais was right to ditch dysfunctional Tories- come and stand for RENEW  #LE2018 
My Dad, The Peace Deal And Me is a shatteringly good documentary. Should be compulsory viewing for any Brexit voter. 
This film by @PatricKielty on @BBCOne is so good, and so important. The thought of all the work of the GFA being undone by bloody Brexit is just horrifying. 
TONIGHT: "The European Parliament has the power to veto any Brexit deal." - @AgataGostynska #viewsnight #newsnight 
Good thread. Accepting brexit as likely makes it more likely. If there were a serious political lead on halting brexit, opinion could change significantly which  wd transform the debate. 29/3/19 may be the day to accept it not now.  
Remember all the Facebook, he said/she said, whataboutery, Corbyn is anti-Semite stuff is interesting/disturbing but is essentially chaff. The fact is that what Leave did in campaign coordination to win the Brexit is illegal. Thats the point.  
Hey @BBCNews - you’ve not mentioned the link to Brexit or the Leave campaigns in your story on the Cambridge Analytica scandal.We need fair coverage of the reasons to #StopBrexit. And with the Brexit vote not free or fair, the public need a #FinalSay. 
Spain won't hold Gibraltar hostage during Brexit negotiations, Madrid says   
BIAFRA: FORMIDABLE ZONE TWO IGWEOCHA WARRIOR ON EVANGELISM FOR REFERENDUM  
Yes we do need a competent Government @Conservatives. If you are unable to provide this country with one, then call a General Election. The people have had #Enough of your EU shenanigans.  #Brexit  
The UKs EU membership is based on fraud, lies and deceit. The British people voted for a common market and then suffered a 40odd year coup d’etat of their sovereign & independence by the corrupt unelected anti democratic institutions of the EU.#WeDidntVoteForThisEU#Brexit #FBPE 
With all this talk of tests, red lines, I'd like to state my own simple test for Brexit.The current rights, freedoms and future opportunities of my children and their friends are unconditionally guaranteed. 
Dear #Russia - You've no need to try & discredit the UK Government because the UK Government lead by:@theresa_may @BorisJohnson @DavidDavisMP @LiamFox and @Nigel_Farage is already so throughly discredited right around the world. #BrexitShambles #Brexit #StopBrexit 
This is the key issue and like everything else it comes back to Brexit. No one seriously believes that Johnson is remotely competent to be ForSec - he's too lazy, too dishonest & too untrusted abroad - it's only because of Brexit that we're stuck with him at this crucial time.  
So after decades of the constant demonisation of Muslims, migrants, non-white people, foreigners, & the EU by right wing politicians & newspapers, can anyone explain why the phrase "take back control" had such resonance with right wing British people?#Brexit#CambridgeAnalytica 
This is not the place to come if you are looking for good news about the legalities of Brexit.  Thread.  
#BPS2018 Claim Validation Day 333. I cannot recall a time when I have been so fed up with the day job. Appalling weather, uncertainty due in large part to politicians squabbling over Brexit and monstrous red-tape that defies all common sense #EndlessCrap 
That is spot on, because most of the well-organized 'noise' the BBC receive comes from the Ultra Brexiters (who, btw, loathe the BBC, irrespective of Brexit). Crucial, then, to keep reminding them that there is another, albeit less vociferous, constituency.  
Brexit means losing out on £500m p/a of funding from the European Social Fund. Organisations funded by the ESF provide support & training for some of the most vulnerable in our society - help which ends if we leave the #EU#stopbrexit #resistersisters 
Nice from my favourite Brexit expert, and the only one who warned of the problems of the Article 50 process months before the referendum.  
I agree with @davidallengreen analysis. Even if Westminster voted down the withdrawal agreement (which is unlikely) that would not necessarily stop #brexit from happening.  
JLR "absolutely committed" to UK post-Brexit.TOYOTA builds new Auris in UK.HONDA remains committed to UK.DYSON has 300 automotive vacancies in UK.ASTON MARTIN opens new UK factory 2019.VAUXHALL to build to Vivaro van in UK.NISSAN UK to double UK-sourced components to 80%. 
#Brexit was a ground-breaking exercise in control & manipulation of an electorate, under the guise of a free & fair referendum. The masses believe it was entirely democratic in nature; those in power know otherwise, and attack anyone who questions it as 'enemies of democracy'. 
DID YOU SEE MILNERS TACKLE BREXIT MEANS FUCKING BREXIT 
Always worth looking overseas to gain an objective assessment of #Brexit >>"On the other side of the English Channel, Ms. May’s upbeat message met with near-total incomprehension. British nationalists have failed to win over European public opinion."  
I think most people know this. But if it is upheld, will the govt respect the rule of law? If there is an attempt to repeal the 2011 act will it be a free vote (like 2016) or whipped? And, importantly, what would the @UKLabour whip be? #StopBrexit #Brexit  
My goodness. Top QCs mustn't be educated. I guess @afneil, notorious brexit advocate will be attacking judges next for being "exclusive" and "elite'.  
If you cancel Brexit I promise to delete this stupid account 
Here’s a good idea (stolen from the #resistance). Why not “adopt” someone who didn’t vote in the referendum, and persuade them to vote against Brexit / get involved. We only need c. 600,000 previous non voters to swing any future vote... #wecandothis #stopbrexit 
The HardBrexit Legatum & ERG supporters want a cheap food policy based on the Anglosphere & will pay any price to deliver such a promised Brexit dividend including our food security & UK farmers  
Dear .@jeremycorbynAre you aware your "no further ref" stance is illegal?EU Act 2011 requires a referendum on any law which purports to give Brussels more power over UK. Transition Agreement qualifies. Ergo, we must have another ref.cc .@Keir_Starmer 
Why a second Brexit referendum is required by law  via @prospect_uk 
Are you from the farming community & know farmers that voted for #brexit on promises by people like @michaelgove that their industry & subsidies would be protected if #brexit happens? Well, this  is #BrexitReality! Farmers must speak out as #remainernow & seek a #FinalSay 
So the reaction to this is pretty shocking.People who have for two years criticised #Brexiteers for ignoring experts and acting entirely off of feelings are now ignoring @davidallengreen's expertise and acting entirely off a feeling that they can stop #Brexit  
The EU Act 2011 requires a referendum for any law that proposes to give Brussels more power over the UK.The Transition Agreement would be such a law, as we will be subject to new directives & regulations we will have no say in making. #BrexitShambles 
Please take time to read these moving words by #PatrickStewart urging a re-think on #Brexit. We must be given a #FinalSay on our own future #StopBrexitSaveBritain #ABTV #FBPE 
Labour’s mission is to transform Britain with devastating Brexit austerity. Don’t let them get away with it. Vote anti-Brexit.  
For Boris et alA Dead StatesmanI could not dig, I dared not rob:Therefore I lied to please the mob. Now all my lies are proved untrueAnd I must face the men I slew.What tale shall serve me here amongMine angry and defrauded young?Kipling#FBPE #StopBrexit #brexit 
Charles Tannock Tory MEP - I regard #brexit as a selfish & destructive act againsts the EU... for all its faults it remains the greatest peace, prosperity & security project in the world. "You do wonder where the strong mandate is for such a hard brexit" #StopBrexit #FBPE 
Good questions from students at University of Winchester about higher education, liberal democracy and Brexit.  
I seriously feel sick - why is no one reacting to this? Why are zombie-like MPs saying "Of course Brexit will happen" this is a full scale betrayal of democracy. Horrifying.#stopbrexit  
Don't abstainDon't spoil your ballotDon't vote for Brexit Don't vote @UKLabour Don't vote @Conservatives Vote! 
Absolutely right. Brexit was a mistake for Cameron. A disaster for everyone else not in his income bracket.  
WE GO LIVE TO BREXIT  
 Watch my interview with comedian @GeoffNorcott who talks Brexit, Corbyn and freedom of speech. When was he 'no-platformed'? Find out here...  
Even if they just happen to support Brexit - and might even be close to some newspaper proprietors - no politician should ever be allowed to become unsackable in this country.  
Remember how you tactically voted for @UKLabour in the last General Election to bring down Mrs May @theresa_may? Remember how your vote was then seen as an endorsement for Brexit supporting Tory or Labour? 85% of voters wasn't it? You won't make the same mistake 3rd May will you? 
Aaargh! If I see one more dickhead saying "But who else could it have been but Russia?" and using that to excuse Boris arse pimple Johnson, I will be forced to send the legbreakers round. Meanwhile, Brexit is a clusterfuck, in case you'd forgotten. 
Your leader sent “Go Home” vans around mixed communities.Her Tory Brexiteer colleagues spent the referendum campaign whipping up anti-immigrant bigotry and lies which caused hate crimes to surge in the streets. Your Mayoral candidate ran a vile anti-Muslim campaign.  
There *is* a path to stop Brexit, and to stop it within this negotiating period.We need a people’s vote on the terms of Brexit this year !  
Important thread on legal chaos brexit threatens to cause  
Do you really care about #Brexit?- RT for larger sample size - 
Whitehall chaos puts the UK's Brexit trade strategy in doubt"Strategy? What strategy? The trade strategy is basically tweeting out flag emojis”, a senior civil servant says 
You tell me which bit isn’t true. The video wasn’t made by them? Or they didn’t work on Brexit? 
And the Tory brexit "engineers" &  Labour Appeasers thought they'd got away with it...They tried to keep our voices silent, but THE SILENCE WILL DEAFEN.. and defeat.16m+ Remainers 3m+ EU Citizens = 19 million MINIMUM#ABTV #Stopbrexit #FinalSay #FairVote #HearOurVote #WATON 
Did the Constitutional Research Council get referred to the DUP campaign by a @Vote_Leave board member who was the DUP's Head of Westminster staff?DUPs @J_Donaldson_MP hasn't responded to us asking on twitter.#FBPE #DUP #BREXIT  
Good point in a good thread. No reason for us to accept Brexit, still less govt’s approach to it, just because odds of stopping it are slim. We must keep highlighting facts and trying to persuade ppl until last minute, and then after that too. Else what’s the point of any of it?  
Recent interview on @bbcasiannetwork on why I left the @Conservatives & joined the @LibDems and the @Conservatives fixation on carrying out #Brexit come what may!  
A quarter of Devon farms could go bust post-Brexit as subsidies are withdrawnThe turkeys really did vote for Christmas.   
100% of farms expected to be adversely affected by Brexit, and 25% to go bankrupt, according to a secret report by #DEFRA. #BrexitShambles #BrexitBetraysBritain #ABTV #WATON #FBPE #FinalSay #FairVote #VoteEU #StopBrexit 
Comres survey: 68 percent of Britons think that those who voted against quitting the EU "should respect the majority" for leave.Isn’t it time this recalcitrant minority stopped trying to refight the referendum? 
President @vanderbellen with a very thoughtful pro-European message to the Austrian Diplomatic Corps: Brexit, sad as it is, served as a wake up call to all of us. The beauty of Europe is that we profit from the strengths of our neighbors & partners, not from their weaknesses!  
EasyJet boss demolishes Remain scaremongering that flights will be grounded post-Brexit  
On the false statements about citizens' rights in the Brexit referendum, by @mediawhizz -  
Patriotism should cut both ways ... who exactly are the British Government working for ?#Brexit #LeaveEU #AreWeNotMen ... #WeAreDevo  
Hi David. I’m amazed you are not more concerned about the malpractice that has characterised Brexit so far. As for Article 49, why would we take the long road back, on much worse conditions, rather than trying to keep what we have? It may be a tough fight but it is worth fighting  
Interview: ‘The more people send me hate, the more I’m determined to stop this’ – Brexit campaigner  
That’s why I, with some trepidation, disagree on this point with the person I consider to be the very best commentator and tweeter on Brexit 38/38 
I fear that @davidallengreen is correct in the @FT. Unfortunately the chances of stopping Brexit are minimal; Remainers need to focus on post-March 19.  
So we are having an effect. It may not be enough. It probably won’t be. But we should still continue to oppose Brexit on principle, and as we practically gain little or nothing from stopping. 37/ 
We want a #finalsay ... but in the meantime we will use #le2018 to pass judgement on the state of #Brexit - time to vote for Pro-EU parties #abtv #fbpe 
7 or 8 months ago, those arguing to stop Brexit, or even for a vote on the deal, were dismissed as cranks and fantasists. Now we have MPs from all parties arguing for one or both, and both being discussed as real possibilities, even on the BBC 36/ 
'I'm shocked at how fundamentally right-wing, biased and corrupt the BBC has become'Yep, you should have tried living in Scotland during the Independence referendum.'Oh, but that's different' 
A heartfelt article from Patrick Stewart about what the EU means to him and what we are turning our back on. As the implications become clearer, @theresa_may must grant the public a meaningful vote on #Brexit .  
Five areas where @BBCnews should engage with its constructive critics1 Failure to hold govt to account2 Bias against Scottish Indy3 Bias against Corbyn4 Bias against opponents of Brexit5 Coverage of #CambridgeAnalyticaBBC's aggressive defensiveness to criticism not helpful 
Politicians' tactics used to work 10-15 years ago - we've come a long way since then. May's masking her Brexit failures for now, but she - along with her 'weak and inept' government -  won't get anywhere playing the blame game. 
Ignore this “no paths to stop Brexit” stuff.The only way it could ever be stopped is politically anyway - it’s always been UK’s decision.May is bluffing when she says rejection of “deal” in Parliament this year = leave with no deal.Rejection of deal probably means no Brexit 
No child should suffer Mr Corbyn @jeremycorbyn and yet here you are, supporting Brexit which will cause suffering for many hundreds or thousands of children. Please explain, not to me, to them how this is worth it and in their best interests.  
Well said @RupaHuq. Brexit is not carved into concrete, untouchable and unchangeable. As the promises turn to dust and people can see the economic, social and political damage, and as it starts to impact personally, people are entitled to think again. 
The #EU announces the European Disability Card. Something else to be lost because of idiotic #Brexit.  
The key facts are, Theresa May's spy poisoning story is unravelling, which is inconvenient to your Brexit is a mess coverup agenda, and pretending May's "strong and stable" for the local elections you're going to get trashed at in May. 
Vince Cable: Local elections a chance to pass verdict on Brexit  
Please don't use that phrase "after Brexit" - it gives me the willies.I prefer "in the unlikely event of Brexit" of "after Brexit is cancelled", but please feel free to come up with your own.  
Conservative Party, Labour Party and Lib Dem’s all Promote:Cultural Marxism Mass Migration Brexit betrayal Islamisation End of Free Speech Capitulation to the EU Common Purpose Denial of grooming gangs Vote for anyone apart from the establishment 
4 arrested in Punjab. They trying to publicize pro-Khalistan campaign ‘Referendum 2020’ supported by Pak, by setting buses & liquor shops on fire. They're radicalized by ISI agent via Social Media. Khalistan elements who're in abroad are also responsible for tensions in Punjab. 
Enough is enough. England's electorate voted for the horrific, xenophobic Brexit. Scotland did not, we voted in every LA area to remain in the EU.Time to break off the Union with England.I would prefer #indyref2 in September 2018. 
The three legal paths to stop Brexit are blockedRemainers should now look to what happens after 29 March 2019By me, at @FT:  
And, as a ‘meaningful vote’ by Parliament, or, if it wishes, in a referendum, requires an alternative other than the certain disaster of no deal to be meaningful, Parliament would have every right to require the Govt. to request an extension or withdraw Art50. 11/ 
Tony Blair is one of the biggest Brexit traitors!   
Student leaders across Further and Higher education calling for a people’s vote on Brexit Deal. #FFS 
Concerned about the impact David Davis' Brexit deal will have on our NHS? Now is the time to speak up!Calling all nurses, doctors, care workers, health researchers, patients and supporters of our NHS - sign up for our new movie! 
Every day that passes more evidence comes to light that #Brexit is going to be an absolute disaster for business, for people and for jobs. Why isn't the government taking note? Why isn't Labour opposing it? Who is driving this madness on and what are they getting out of it? Arghh 
With the very best will in the world, the BBC neither created Brexit nor Farage. It’s not a side issue; it’s a non-issue.  
Good article this - Why Labour must back a new Brexit referendum"Today it is no longer possible to be so sanguine. The values of liberal democracy are in retreat. The threats to peace around the world are more acute than ever"  
Very good news. The death of post brexit uk Manufacturing appears to be a myth.  
Secondly, there is some chance of success. The odds are against stopping Brexit, but it can still be done. The main obstacles are political, not legal. A change in the stance of the Labour leadership, for example, could alter the odds significantly in our favour. It’s possible 5/ 
Another great read - Government's current Brexit strategy is seeing UK lose control slowly, slowly - voters being heated like boiled frogs. Let's jump out of the water before it's too late  @InFactsOrg 
Now, arguments from principle. Firstly, we should oppose what we know to be dangerous and damaging. We know that Brexit will harm our families, friends, neighbours, fellow citizens and country. We should not therefore cease to oppose it. 4/ 
The Science and Technology Committee (STC) has just published its report on “Brexit, science and innovation.” The government, it implies, is failing dismally to safeguard British science against the damage of leaving the EU. 
We're demonstrating in ports nationwide as the EU can cull our industry in 21months by enforcing inept policies. A Clean Brexit repatriates a £6-8bn industry, food security + tens thousands jobs in rural communities.Every part of the economy matters and #CoastalCommunitiesCount 
Vince Cable said: "These are local elections, they are about getting good local representatives, but it's also going to be an opportunity to pass a verdict on the way in which the government is handling the #Brexit negotiations"#StopBrexit #FBPE 
No surprise that in a nation where one can be arrested for a joke & threatened w/ hate crime charges for #Brexit vote, that 78 y/o homeowner would be arrested for murder after defending himself against two burglars We must defend #2A or end up like that! 
Labour must back a new Brexit referendum, @DMiliband argues   
No. May’s local elections are about issues in your local area, not Brexit, Theresa May or Jeremy Corbyn.  
Carlos Tavares Vauxhall chief - #Brexit remains a concern for our business... we welcome the transitional arrangements... but there is still work to do to secure frictionless trade.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
GDP stats out today: Is the UKgovernment becoming concerned that their economic model doesn’t work for Scotland?  If so, will they a) do something about it b) do nothing and attack the ScotGov, or c) make matters worse with Brexit ineptitude? 
"Will EU flag be taken off our UK driving licence's once Brexit is over?"I don't know but it certainly should be.EU flag should be removed from everything.It is a symbol of when we were taken over by a foreign power for 45 yearsA sad period in the history of our great country  
Off to discuss Brexit and museums with @DCMS this afternoon. We @MuseumsAssoc are making the case for:- replacement funding for museums- maintenance of cultural links with EU- as free as possible movement of people and objects across European borders. #Museums #Brexit  
This is a simple elegant, eloquent message. Back Britain not Brexit. Try it out on 3rd May, if you don't want Brexit then don't vote Tory or Labour. Give them a message, you back Britain, not Brexit.  
latest poll by ComRes found 65 % felt "result of the 2016 Referendum should be respected and the country needs to move on'. Remoaners take note 
Andrew Neill helped fundraise for Brexit. He organised a supper for Aaron Banks at his exclusive dining club which counts, amongst others, Micheal Gove. He is an out and out promoter of this failing Brexit project. That may help explain his increasingly hysterical responses. 
Why Labour must back a new Brexit referendum - David Miliband's piece from tomorrow's @NewStatesman. 
"This myth about the irreversible nature of #Brexit must be confronted. We live in a democracy, and living in a democracy means always having the right to change your mind if you want to" says @RupaHuq 
Morrissey on Brexit: “Almost two years on from the result, the EU still has not allowed the UK to leave its clutches – which simply explains exactly why the Leave campaigners voted as they did in the first place,” 
Morrissey says Brexit has "been a strike for democracy because of the disgust that the political elite had shown towards the people who did not vote the way that they were warned to by media bullies.” 
There have been many complaints about the @BBC coverage of Brexit. Aside from accusations of 'bias'; how could the BBC develop a deep, comprehensive, evidence-based resource for public who want to browse data on complex issues? Some working examples: 
Nick Ferrari:“Hello. Has anybody seen the mayor?We're on mayor watch!Day two:48 people dead now, Mr Mayor, and still nothing.What about getting something done?”#SadiqKhan#Brexit #EU 
There's a little-known legal requirement for the govt to hold a public vote on any Brexit deal. The 2011 Referendum Act ensures that the people get a say on any treaty change to UK-EU dynamics of power - such as the transition & final deals. 
Worrying to hear that the top Department of Exiting the EU civil servant tasked with finding a solution for the Irish border has quit after 3 months. This gvt.s #Brexit strategy has been chaotic and reckless throughout negotiations. 
Brexit would be important for Britain at any time. But this is not just any time. In the era of Trump and Russian aggression, EU withdrawal is more reckless than ever, writes @DMiliband. Labour must back a second referendum 
According to a source close to poisoned Russian ex-spy Sergei Skripal, he was investigating Collusion between Internet Research Agency, AIQ, Cambridge Analytica & its parent, SCL in Brexit Referendum Campaign & Trump's Campaign 2016  
PROTESTS: @fishingforleave announce mass, synchronised flotillas across UK protesting about Brexit transition deal sell-out."Fishermen are sickened and enraged that our government has capitulated to obeying all EU law after Brexit." 
Our CEO @eloisetodd is in the Standard today, talking about our fight to give the people the #finalsay on Brexit. Read it here >  
Pakistan will support Kashmiri pure indigenous independence movement. We shall not take any criticism from other side of border. The bloodshed must be end, Referendum according to @UN resolutions is the only solution. 
Undoubtedly the weakest point of Pete Wishart's "let the ScotRef mandate expire" letter was his 'truthy' claim that it doesn't matter if we lose the pro-referendum majority at Holyrood, because we wouldn't have been able to win a referendum anyway.  Here's why it's nonsense -  
That's true and all Remain groups should brace themselves for Brexit day and come together to adopt the ruthless and doggedly ideological approach of EU sceptics since 1973 and setup a national rejoin movement cross-party. But we will speak the truth rather than lie & dissemble!  
WELL SAID LORD ADONIS-For those urging me to go quiet on BBC its important to understand that Brexit & Farage are largely a creation of BBC. It is not a side issue but a central issue if we are to win next years final deal referendum to honour our EUropean destiny as a people. 
Norway is not in the EU. So yes, EEA is #Brexit. If you are in a position where at first you are in the EU and then you are in an agreement where you are not in the EU then you have left the EU. How much more brexity can it get? 
So sick of being told that we didn't know what we were voting for when we voted for #Brexit - we knew very well and would be even more likely to do so now after seeing the appalling arrogance of Juncker, Tusk and Verhofstadt  
Journalist Request. Please Share: I am looking to speak with people who were aged 18 and voted for the first time in the 1998 Good Friday Agreement referendum  
In calling on local election voters to send a message to pro-Brexit parties by voting for the most likely candidate of an anti-Brexit party, I'm saying it's right to prioritise opposition to Brexit over local issues.If you don't slap Brexit down, Brexit will soon slap you down. 
I wonder why Theresa May's sentences and logic appeared to flow more easily and naturally before the referendum than they do now?... Have a listen.  
Because Brexit! Drown me in Remoaners tears! Deafen me with their howls of anguish!Let me hear Mad Andy Adonis wailing in agony once again! 
Interesting thread - and does highlight that after we 'leave' the EU officially on march 29th 2019, the referendum mandate has been fulfilled and any option (from rejoining EU, joining EEA (SM+CU),  to complete outsider) is then as equally valid as any other.  
“Kids, don’t do hate”. 
 via @StamAdvocate"Theresa May's inability to solve the Irish border dilemma could see the whole of the UK remain permanently in the single market and customs union, according to Scotland's Brexit minister."Indeed. Sensible. #brexitshambles 
Furious Brexit row erupts as reports warn Britain won't be ready to leave the EU in time - Mirror Online -  #bbcdp #ToriesOut2018 #BrexitShambles #brexit @theresa_may 
Vauxhall has announced it will build its new Vivaro van at a plant in Luton - securing nearly 1,500 jobs until well beyond 2030. This is yet more proof that the doomsayers of Project Fear are spouting nothing but hyperbolic nonsense! #Brexit will be a tremendous success! 
So, Mr Johnson, do you still stand by this statement? #FreeMovement #Brexit  
It's a pity you weren't in Scotland in the two years prior to our independence referendum in 2014. That was the training ground. It felt like actual mental assault. Not just the BBC but every single news outlet in Scotland pumping out exactly the same, too wee, too poor lines. 
One year younger than Brad Pitt... amazing what brexidiocy does to people. 
New blog post: “England to wave goodbye to Northern Ireland to secure its Hard #Brexit?”Why the backstop, and Northern Ireland with a special status towards  is where negotiations are going 
There is over-regulation but this Commission has this "Better Regulation Agenda" designed specifically to cut red tape. That began in 2014. (wasn't mention in the referendum) But the greens both here and there are worried that this means corporate deregulation. Again, not simple. 
I do wonder whether commissioners should be directly elected and there has been talk of moving that way. But there's an argument that that would be a step towards a truly federal Europe. So Brexit voters would complain either way. 
Communist Party of Ireland statement on the 1937 Referendum on The Constitution  and the Election held the same day.  
This is only the start of the great Brexit sell-off. Our currency is down, our investment is down, our growth is down. We are weak, whilst the rest of the world is strong. We are the lone man in the desert with no water. They are the vultures circling overhead.#StopBrexit 
Err ... try opposing Brexit. The fall in the pound due to Brexit helped to make this takeover possible. The asset strippers will be out in force if we actually leave.Stop Brexit.Save the UK.#FBPE 
With respect, I disagree with DAG. The referendum's mandate is as dodgy as a nine pound note, and we should be focusing all our efforts on securing a withdrawal of the Article 50 notification until it's literally too late, on 30 March 2019. Leaving is a catastrophic mistake.  
I've given up on the #UK. The UK bullies Wales. It taunts by devolving policing to Manchester, and justice to London whilst refusing to do so to Wales. It underinvests in rail, grabs powers post-Brexit & ignores Welsh interests time & time again. The UK doesn't work for Wales.  
It's good to see MPs are finally emerging from hiding, to admit that May's insane #Brexit is a stupid idea that CAN BE STOPPED. And it MUST be stopped.Do you know who COULD stop it stone dead in about a day? The four hundred or so MPs that understand we want to #RemainInTheEU. 
It's difficult to go against voting habits of a lifetime, but we can't expect our MPs to be brave & stand up to do the needful in respect of #Brexit, if we won't do it ourselves. Please set aside party loyalties on May3rd & vote tactically for a pro-EU party. #ABTV #VoteEU #FBPE 
A big debate here Phil. For most of the country, last 40 years, not just 20, have been v bad. Almost everwhere in England outside London& SE, and large areas even there outside commuterland. If we don’t understand this we won’t reverse Brexit or reassert progress successfully.  
MPs urge EEA/Norway type of relationship with EU if we #Brexit - but committee is split. No consensus on alternative to EU membership   
'Nearly four years on from the first Independence Referendum, we can now categorically state that our decision to become the first country in history to vote against itself was utterly disastrous.'Can't argue with @rossauchenree.via @NewsOrkney 
.@UKIP leader in the Lords, Lord Pearson leads the charge against  BBC Brexit bias - 'Can't find a single show examining Brexit opportunity'  
You may think you're doing good by voting no to try 'save the babies' but you're not, abortion will still happen in Ireland regardless of this referendum and regardless of whether you turn a blind eye to it and pretend its not happening just so you can feel better. 
Once again HMG have told me not to worry my pretty little head about Brexit. They’ve told me all my troubles will be vaporised by glorious new trade deals in brave new worlds; free from the shackles of oppression. But here’s the thing... 1/4  
Isn't it time the people get a say on where our country is headed? #FinalSay #PeoplesVote #FairVote #Brexit  
To enforce a plebiscite as legal mandate is unlawful. A mandatory referendum would’ve had to have supermajority. #brexit is a confidence trick: an assault on our democracy.  
Gina Miller told us she will take UK gov back to court if it pays Northern Ireland without parliament's approval, #Brexit negotiations can't extend into transition period, & @UKLabour party has a problem with anti-Semitism. Full Q&A with @thatginamiller:  
Labour Peer SLAMS Brexiteers who had 'no idea' what they might 'lose' voting to leave EU. She says that Lab voters who voted for #Brexit did not know what they were voting for.How patronising.Will Lab withdraw the whip for this insult to Lab voters?. 
It's not just the imbalance in what is reported - it's also how it's reported. Last week on BBC Scotland, Sally Magnusson reported that Nicola Sturgeon said "those who supported (Brexit) would never be forgiven'. What she actually said was the Tories would never be forgiven. 
“In the face of an empowered British nationalism, Brexit is being used to grab powers back from our National Assembly to Westminster” They must be stopped#YNewidSyddEiAngen#TheChangeWalesNeedsFull publication here:@Plaid_Cymru 
Brexit select committee demands frictionless borders - and holds out Norway EEA option as a backstop  
"Left to its own devices, Britain is just a medium-sized state with limited global influence, its Empire long gone"Absolutely brutal German op-ed on Brexit Britain  
Excellent summary of where we’re at.Nothing’s inevitable - and certainly not Brexit - in a free democracy where we can discuss ideas and direction rationally.  
.@vincecable:  Three reasons to vote Lib Dems: good local representation, combat cuts to public services and oppose the trajectory of Brexit 
Almost 90% of Tory Leavers think losing Northern Ireland would be an acceptable price to pay for getting #Brexit. I think the Tories have already quietly written off Northern Ireland and Scotland. They are now little more than a tax haven craving English Nationalist party,  
Don’t totally agree, but basic premise here is correct: Brexit is one consequence of denial in UK about our place in the world.Let’s change that and be the successful European country we should be.(BTW May’s threat to leave without a deal is a BLUFF) 
"The trade strategy is basically tweeting out flag emojis": Damning piece on Brexit prep in the Telegraph, of all places  
French-owned Vauxhall announces its to build new Vivaro van in Luton not Germany or Poland. Watch Remoaners say despite Brexit 
Because Brexit is evahso anti-elite, yah?   
We all respect @davidallengreen as a lawyer and writer. As a Brexit soothsayer, his record is more mixed: for ~8 months he predicted A50 would not happen My view is 1. it's all still to play for and 2. it's hard to see how you gain influence post Brexit by giving up on Remain.  
@guardianaudio A leaked audio recording of a private talk given by Theresa May just weeks before the EU referendum contains warnings that companies will move abroad in the event of Brexit. She told the private audience that Britain gained security benefits from being in the EU.  
No, SadiqThe local elections on May 3 will be a referendum on the worst ever Mayor of London who is desperately using London in his bid for Labour leader and under who knife/gun crime has skyrocketed.Step up, stop playing politics and turn up for the day job or step down.  
Indeed. There is a lot of this about. Remainers being called Traitors just after the referendum when it’s now clear for anybody to see who the real traitors are to Queen and UK #StopBrexitSaveBritain #BackBritainNotBrexit 
“Foreigners have invaded Nigeria and the best the government can do is to grant them amnesty? That is why we in the Niger Delta want referendum.”-------Ann Kio-Briggs  
Another beneficial side-effect of Brexit: “The diplomatic effort has helped create “fantastic solidarity” among other EU member states, said Tánaiste and Minister for Foreign Affairs and Trade Simon Coveney” 
Fact check: the referendum result was strongest for Leave in areas with lower immigration. I guess that makes you a liar.  
Leaving the EU could be the single most environmentally damaging act taken by government in the past 50 years #Brexit #environment 
#ABTV is Anti-brexit tactical voting. It is voting for parties that support #remain as Party Policy. There are 16mill who voted + 3mill EU27 citizens. This is NOT a protest vote! EU funds local services too! Don't vote Labour or Tory on May 3rd! #Stopbrexit #FinalSay #FairVote 
BBC BIAS: Remainers DOMINATE BBC - 'Can't find a single show examining Brexit opportunity'  
Well - Brexit is good for something... It’s like an inoculation against eurosceptic fantasy across the whole continent. EU popularity hitting new high.  
Join n up the dots. Lots of businesses are worried. Falling investments & profits. So why should we care about businesses? Because falling profits mean falling tax revenues to spend on the NHS, schools and all the other things that matter. #Brexit will bring more poverty. 
I am one fucking Brexit news special away from kicking my fucking telly out the window and setting the dog on the nearest brexiteer. 
I just got an email from Labour saying "No child should suffer" True, I agree with that, but you are still supporting a Brexit which would make many children, including mine who have a Dutch father, suffer as well. 
Hugh is a blade of grass on me. He has his fibrous root system in Northern Ireland but performs his chlorophyllic alchemy across the border in the Republic of Ireland. What will Brexit mean for Hugh?  
It frightens me that some Irish men are talking about not voting in the upcoming referendum. Read this thread.  
Key post-Brexit trade deals could take 26 years, warns new analysis.Is this what the easiest thing in history looks like, @LiamFox? 
I would like to see 'stars' boycotting the BBC - standing up and speaking out against the sewer of propaganda pouring from our now State TV. The tories would have us at war with Russia, and the BBC complicit. Selling Brexit is bad enough, beating the war drums is another level. 
Another shamelessly false statement from Rees-Mogg. The @CommonsEUexit report does no such thing. It assumes that Brexit will take place and recommends what the future relationship should be. That's literally the whole point of the report. Read the title!  
From the 1986 Divorce Referendum "The Balance of Compassion - 12 Reasons for saying No" ..... Point 11 is fairly grim.  
“Four Seasons Health Care, which operates 260 care homes for the elderly across the UK, said it has experienced difficulties recruiting nurses since the Brexit referendum. It warned it may have to shut services if it cannot hire EU staff.”  
If only Brexit were so structured... but it’s a mess. A mess initiated without a plan. A planless mess hurtling towards a clock.The government have had their chance to make even half a job of it. They’ve failed. Let’s ditch Brexit. 
'This is NOT what people voted for!' John Humphrys SLAPS DOWN Treacherous Labour MP @hilarybennmp Brexit proposals  
Interesting that the local papers seem to be able to report on the reality of #Brexit, while the nationals still pursue the toxic ideology.  
Brexit and Farage are ‘largely the creation of the BBC’. Time for a lie down?  
This article is an amazing compendium of what British businesses really think about Brexit ... from documents sent to Home Office inquiry that contributors  never thought public would see. Tons of examples from household name brands. It’s a must-read.  
This is getting bloody ridiculous. @bbcnews is supposed to be impartial. How can it possibly be impartial when their figurehead @afneil has fingers in so many pies? He’s pro Brexit and pro Tory. And the BBC...?  
Petition: Declare the 2016 referendum vote null and void due to foreign interference  
The local elections in five weeks time will be a referendum on eight years of a Tory government that has been desperately weak on crime – and even weaker on the causes of crime. #VoteLabour 
The British people should get the final say on any Brexit deal in a referendum. Agree? Add your name:  #FBPE #ExitFromBrexit @BrexitBin 
Like I've said before, anyone waiting for the SNP to "use their mandate" is missing the point. Its our Referendum to fight for. Should be organising local Yes groups and getting out to chap the doors ourselves... 
7. The pathways to stopping or delaying Brexit are blocked.But once the mandate is discharged, the pathways to UK rejoining, or being in a close association agreement with EU, within the single market and customs union, will be open, with no obstacles. 
I'm in Dublin for the next couple of days reporting on the abortion referendum campaign, so if you're working to retain or repeal the 8th and wanna chat, I'd love to hear from you!  DMs are open 
5. Instead of denying the mandate of the referendum, or contending that there was no valid constitutional decision to leave, wise remainers should now look beyond 29 March 2019.And not be like generals fighting the battles of the last war. 
New post: Brexit and Corbyn: how our media fails the people   
An interesting read but seems based purely on confirmation bias. The article is based almost entirely on the author’s opinion rather than research or fact. Odd given that he is a professor who ought to know better. The very thought that the BBC is/was pro Brexit is risible.  
The debate over a second referendum misses one, key fact: it's legally obligatory  
May set to ditch promise to reduce net migration to tens of thousands, give preferential access to EU migrants for deal with Brussels. Betrayal on the same level as our fishermen. May must go before she does any more harm to UK. Clearly going for Brexit in name only. 
For those urging me to go quiet on the BBC, important to understand that Brexit & Farage are largely the creation of the BBC. This isn’t a side issue but a central issue if we are going to win next year’s ‘final deal’ referendum to honour our European destiny as a people. 
Sir Vince outrageously labelled older White Brexit voters racists voting for "White nostalgia"Now Cable repeats N-word, using debunked myths to attack us Conservatives as racist. LibDems only national party with ZERO MPs from ethnic minorities. FACT.  
Very good piece from @RupaHuq on why Brexit is not inevitable. People have every right to keep an open mind about whether it's the right thing for our country. 
Message to Hilary Benn and the Remainers on his Committee. The UK is not staying in the #EEA on #Brexit.  
Labour MP & @Open_Britain supporter @RupaHuq writes for BI:"This myth about the irreversible nature of Brexit must be confronted.We live in a democracy, and living in a democracy means always having the right to change your mind if you want to." 
Demographic trends point to a more international outlook from the younger generations. Brexit is definitely temporary. Ascension to the EU requires euro and Schengen, ergo it's inevitable.Quite ironic that Brexiteers might have done more for UK integration than anyone else. 
Spent yesterday in #BelfordHospital in Ft Wm having a minor op. Once again I was overwhelmed by the skill, kindness and care of the staff - of all nationalities. We simply can't afford to lose these people. #Brexit sucks, it really does. 
Rupa Huq of @Open_Britain writes for BI: 'This myth about the irreversible nature of Brexit must be confronted'  
Brexit select committee sets new tests for the government - ones it'll never pass  
.@Will_DryOFOC sat down with FORMER PM John Major! He explains what the Good Friday Agreement achieved - and how Brexit threatens it! Do SHARE!  
Brexit: Trashing our country's future by prioritising the views of the past.  
Anger as Remainer MPs insist that Britain should stay permanently shackled to the EU even after Brexit  
Over past 18 months UK Gov has conditioned public to accept "Hard Brexit" as the new "normal", making any alternative "softer" #Brexit arrangement seem like a victory. Don't be fooled. The prize is #StopBrexit - always was, always will be. #WATON #ABTV 
The whole Anglosphere Brexit construct of @DanielJHannan is nostalgic Empire Mk2 nonsense. English is learnt by over 90% of young EU citizens and the working language of all EU institutions. When I visited rural India and Bangladesh still needed an interpreter unlike Flanders. 
Whilst the worst government in living memory (except possible Cameron's) makes a disaster of the crucial Brexit negotiations - a disaster in plain sight -, the British media, including the BBC, comprehensively fails in its duty to hold them to account.  
Welcome to the new reality of Johnston's begging cringing pathetic pusillanimous gutless Brexit Britain. A country abandoning every principle there is and crawling to Trump and Xi Jinping in the hope that they will buy its jam. 
BREXIT FURY: Remainer MPs' report is shocking attempt to REVERSE EU exit, blasts Rees-Mogg  
Are you an annoying sod who was fanatical about Brexit but has lost interest now?  
AdonisWatch - When Guido Fawkes said that Brexit appeared to have sent some Remoaners mad, I wasn’t sure. But having glanced at Lord Adonis’s Twitter feed this morning I think Guido could be right!  
JRM still peddling his conspiracy theories about “high priests of Remain” trying to thwart Brexit.  It’s getting repetitive and tiresome. He’s only peddling his own agenda, to the detriment of the country and all of us.   
So living under the jackboot of the EU state wasn't too onerous for you, yet you expect those who opposed Brexit to leave? 
."The 2011 Act can be repealed by parliament—but until that happens, it remains a law like any other. That means a second referendum HAS TO happen.". 
Support for EU rises in Denmark as consequences of Brexit become clear  
Are you going to leave once #Brexit is cancelled? 
#Brexit won't be good for anyone in my opinion - apart from the very rich who are hoping to dodge new EU tax laws.#StopBrexit 
Deprived communities face a “disastrous” future post-Brexit unless current EU funding is matched, MPs have warned the government.  
It never fails to amaze me that now the evidence is in of how harmful  brexit will be to the country and almost all it's citizens, people would rather double  down on a stupid decision than step back and say "maybe we were wrong"#StopBrexit #Brexit 
BOOST: PSA Group set to announce production plans today for Peugeot and Citroen delivery vans to be made in Brexit Britain. Project Fear dead in the water.  
Referendum was advisory, full of fraud and Russian interference. It’s Democratic to void the result of a #frauderendum. It’s undemocratic to fly with #brexit on divisive fraudulent result with no mandate.  
Another entire industry is relocating from the UK to Europe because of Brexit.But don't worry, this one only represents our ability to innovate and compete in the twenty-first century.#StopBrexit before there's nothing left.  via @FT 
Ah yes, that knock-on effect Brexiters always talk about .... truly overwhelming.  Euroscepticism plummets in Denmark as consequences of Brexit become clear  
The developments will surely fuel demands for a meaningful parliamentary vote on the Brexit deal this autumn  
Essentially the same point as made by @ScotGov over last 18 months - short of full EU membership least worst formal option is membership of Single Market / Customs Union...MPs urge free trade area after Brexit - but committee is split - BBC News...  
Do @jeremycorbyn @johnmcdonnellMP etc not understand that if they prop up this Tory Brexit, even if they win power the Tories & right wing press will simply pin blame on @UKLabour for the ensuing mess. @Keir_Starmer @ChukaUmunna 
There's this whole class of liberal who helped their sides lose the 2015 election, Brexit, the subsequent Labour elections and the presidential race, but somehow they're still lecturing us on political smarts 
“Defra ‘ready to let 25% of farms go bust post-Brexit’”Will this be small farms?As in, small farms that can be bought over by big farms?As in, big farms owned by pals of the Tories?  
Here is former Miliband adviser @ayeshahazarika being owned by Ann Widdecombe over Brexit:  
.Brexit Means.....Fianna Fáil 'The Republican Party' standing in Northern Ireland electionsBaby Steps to a United Ireland?. 
Brexit will be disastrous for disadvantaged groups, MPs warn  
Pleased that a majority of my colleagues on @CommonsEUexit now agree with @theSNP @scotgov that #EEA option deserves serious consideration for whole of UK. Read out report here #brexit  
REMAINER Gareth Howell revealed he "heartily regretted" having voted against Brexit because of the scaremongering campaign warning Britons would suffer because of the withdrawal from the European Union.   
Shocking, at least British vegans don't have guns. After Granite Brexit, we're banning vegans, clearly unhinged.  
Could you just stop mass immigration please. Could you just stop the islamification of my country please. Could you just fight for freedom of speech please. Could you just deliver Brexit please. I could go on.  
“Corbynism brought hundreds of thousands into politics for the first time, but ...many lacked political education” Owen Jones. While he’s educating them about anti Semitism do you think he could tell them the truth about Corbyn always supporting Brexit?    
I agree with Charlie on the first sentence. But it is losing it because of lack of attention to second re Brexit.  
Inflation has added hundreds of pounds to the average UK shopping basket since the pound devalued after the EU referendum. Has any #Leaver identified an actual benefit, in cash terms, to the average household that #Brexit will deliver? 
"It is vital Brexit does not constrain the reach of musicians" - @ThangamMP on musicians' ability to work in the EU post-Brexit  #WorkingInTheEU 
Strategy? What strategy? Civil servant claims that UK’s  Brexit “trade strategy is basically tweeting out flag emojis."  
Project fear turning out to be Project Reality. But the lying politicians still blaming others - first it was the EU, then experts, now its civil servants. Who next?Whitehall 'chaos' puts the UK's Brexit trade strategy in doubt  via @telebusiness 
The truth finally! Even @Telegraph reports senior civil servant saying re UK trade plans "Strategy? What strategy - it's  basically tweeting out flag emojis." Brexit on the back of an envelope & ordinary people will suffer. Wake up before it's too late!! 
Time & time again we are told by experts & all analysis that every brexit scenario except remain turns out making GB WORSE OFF-SO SOMEBODY PLEASE TELL ME WHY WE ARE DOING IT=we know its not for sovereignty or control of borders or money or taking our country back? so what is it? 
Wisconsin voters resoundingly rejected a referendum to abolish the office of state treasurer.  The measure gained oppo recently (as voters wanted an independent check on government).  Measure won in GOP Waukesha, but opposition crossed party lines #WIpol #WisconsinVotes 
At Antwerp's sprawling port, the ripples from Brexit are already apparent  
A shaken @ScottWalkef acknowledges  — after dramatic setbacks in Tuesday’s voting for state Supreme Court and on the referendum on eliminating the state Treasurer’s office — that “we are at risk of a #BlueWave in WI.” About this, he is correct. 
Just as I predicted in December 2016, the midterms are shaping up as a referendum on the dignity of the U.S. Postal Service, America's most charming federal agency. 
Statement from HSSD Superintendent Damian LaCroix @DLHSSD1 on tonight's referendum results:  
Great Scott! Even the Telegraph has caught up to the fact that the UK has, essentially, no post-Brexit trade strategy.A senior civil servant said "[The] trade strategy is basically tweeting out flag emojis."  
The stock answer to petitions about Brexit makes me very angry: ‘The British people voted to leave the EU’ - NO THEY DIDN’T: 37% of a restricted electorate is NOT the ‘British people’ - this is a con, a cheat, based on a cheat, & must & will be stopped. 
The unofficial results are in and the Carlisle Bond Referendum for the Phase II Projects has been Approved by voters with a 84.9% YES vote. Thanks to all the Carlisle Community members for their support.   
Also scott walker was unable to fool the ppl into falling for his latest scheme to skip necessary elections. His referendum to eliminate the posistion of State Treasurer was destroyed by 130k votes. Rebecca Dallet won by 85k votes. Bring on November. #BlueWave2018 
Also in Wisconsin, Scott Walker and the Republicans tried to eliminate the state treasurer job in a referendum. Voters overwhelmingly rejected that.Pretty sucky night for Scotty. pic.twitter.com/EFutwJl10Q 
Wisconsin voters overwhelmingly reject Scott Walker’s anti-democratic agenda. The statewide referendum that would have eliminated the elected position of state Treasurer is losing 62-38. A very big rejection of Walker and Walkerism. 
The results are in and the Ames bond referendum for a new high school has been approved by Ames voters with a 84.77% % yes vote. Thanks to all of the 5,502 voters who came out and let their voice be heard. #AmesCSD #FutureAHS 
Congratulations to @judgedallet on a hard fought campaign and deserved victory. Tonight’s results are another referendum on the last 8 years of failed governance that has left Wisconsinites behind.  
Dear Brexit supporters (inc MPs) Let's say remainers are wrong and the UK either does the same or better. Remainers will look like foolish worriers.But if the UK does worse, and you denied us a chance to stop this, you'll be hated, not just by remainers you know, but by History 
Just an ongoing part of China’s long game. Own the world, not blow it up. (Brexit assists China, possibly more than Russia or US) While the West squabbles, China diligently marches on.  
This is the moon from my back doorTaken on my camera. Just bonkers really. How blessed we are with technology and the ability to think and embrace the universe. It’s really I think why I fight the small mindedness of Brexit. We are bigger. Better x #WATON 
A Cambridge Analytica Whistle-blower Claims That “Cheating” Swung the Brexit Vote  
MPs urge free trade area after Brexit - but committee is split  
What does Alberta do when Canada becomes increasing anti-Alberta? We need a referendum on our role in Confederation. Is it time we took the hint, our money is welcome but we are not  
The Dutch are part of a "bad-weather coalition" that is trying to see the silver lining of Brexit  
Will Avon Schools “fall apart” with a failed referendum.  Probably not.  Our students will likely do well.  We will be a considered “a pretty good”school system.  But, “pretty good” isn’t good enough.  Our students, our parents, our community all deserve better. #avonyesrally 
Love the way Carole handles those who question her journalistic integrity & thorough research....in this case Andrew Neil ...What's wrong with @BBC blackout of this critical story which has the potential to invalidate the entire #BrexitShambles. For #Brexit t2B legit #FairVote 
Folk actually expect a government that can't even fake a poison attack to somehow come out good after BrexitA small majority of the UK voted for Brexit, the small majority of the UK are gullible foolsWhat a time to live 
BREXIT FURY: Remainer MPs' report is shocking attempt to REVERSE EU exit, blasts Rees-Mogg  
We need to talk about dead Cats again.Evidence is  showing  corruption in UK refThe only story to discuss and promote is invalid referendum and #ABTV Procrastination helps brexit.So positive eu stories and focus on corruption.Do not argue with #pcpeu  it helps brexit. #FBPE 
Yet more evidence that EU referendum was rigged:  If the Brit Est. rigged the EU referendum they rigged Scotland's independence referendum! 
Dude! You do not give a CRAP about the least well-off in society!Your way of judging whether Brexit is going well, is whether multinational CEO James Dyson is doing OK. Screw everyone else!! 
Whilst the tories and labour wreck themselves over brexit, the pro remain parties will quite happily accept your protest votes #ABTV #waton 
The Brexit Committee will today call for Theresa May to make Norway (EEA/EFTA) Britain’s official backup option if she fails to meet her ambitious goals in Brexit negotiations 
Select committees reports are only influential if they are unanimous, dividing on leave remain lines simply refights the referendum #remoanathon 
They're fighting like rats in a sack whilst we all disappear down a rabbit hole for a generation.To think, these charlatans conspired for Brexit all their lives and they never got as far as getting a plan together. Utter imbeciles. 
Another Exiting the EU select committee report that merely seeks to stop Brexit #remoanathon 
Lol. The Bad Boys of Brexit is the gift that keeps on giving. Here's @Arron_banks talking about the time @afneil invited him to meet some potential pro-Brexit donors at his private society, the Addison Club. 
Electing a Govt is for 5 years. Brexit is for life. The EUref was 2 years ago. A lot has happened since then. Now that facts have emerged+the consequences of leaving are becoming clear,we have the right to change our mind #ABTV #StopBrexit #FinalSay 
I love the brexiters comments that the economy is forging ahead. It’s not, thousands are losing their jobs, wait for the economic and social tsunami coming our way. Nothing good will come from Brexit. 
Furthermore, what does @Jim_Edwards expect to happen when a Remainer leads Brexit? But no comment on that. Just straight up lies, poor English, and spin. 
‘Long after the loss of its colonies Britain continued to benefit from the Empire’s fading aura. But with Brexit that magic has finally worn off. Left to its own devices Britain is just a medium-sized state with limited global influence’  #BrexitShambles 
Key post-Brexit trade deals could take 26 years, warns new analysis  #BrexitShambles #BrexitChallenge 
WHY am I even reading this? How can people be so vile to someone they don't even know?#Brexit really has brought out the worst in Britain! #StopBrexit 
Leave EU Brexit outfit pulled this tweet it sent out earlier. This was a particularly sensitive day for UK Muslims and this was a particularly vile tweet that clearly sought to capitalise on the rancid atmosphere afoot on the Islamophobic right. It backfired. @Arron_banks 
YouGov finds that large numbers of voters think that there was cheating at the Brexit referendum.   
BBC is second to none in the world in news provision.  Objective fair interesting authoritative.  Big mistake to bad mouth it because of Brexit obsession from whatever side. 
Brexit explained in one gif.  
So much for Brexit worries? The number of wealthy Chinese getting UK 'golden visas' that give residency in return for investing £2m or more rose sharply last year  
“We still sell bottles of bleach with big labels on that say “do not drink”. Let’s take those labels off, right? For two years. And then have a referendum. (Ricky Gervais: humanity) 
Liam Fox has warned he "will quit the cabinet if the Brexit deadline slips"  
If Corbyn goes and is replaced by a competent anti-Brexit leader, I think May's govt would quickly fall. It's only the threat of Corbyn becoming PM that has been holding the Tory govt afloat. 
Michael Gove didn't say anything about this during the referendum campaign.  
This video needs retweeting again & again & again! How can someone who realises how much better off the UK is in the EU be driving us towards a hard Brexit? Come on country before party @theresa_may! Why not u-turn again & be a #remainernow? #stopbrexit 
Oh dear... Wonder how many voted for #Brexit persuaded by that nice @michaelgove ... 
The Queen does a brilliant job. BBC News, which largely created Mr Farage & Brexit, needs fundamental reform or replacement. As for latter, Channel 4 News or Sky TV both significantly better & could take on lead public service funding & role from Mr Farage  
The notion of the "Will of the People" is a democratic sounding means to demonise political opponents as enemies of the "democratic will of the people", and to justify the concentration of unchecked power in the hands of the government.#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit #VoteEU 
Jeremy, I am a daily listener to your show. I have great admiration for the level of debate on a wide range of interesting subjects.But this is unacceptable.As a @BBCRadio2 broadcaster you are directly accountable for the public's perception of #BrexitShow some responsibility. 
Thank you @RogMull & @MichelleThomson for a lovely dinner & catch up. If you haven’t already read it here’s their excellent report on #Brexit & Scottish business #ScotlandsPlaceInEurope #FBPE @ChangeLtd 
Then @andrealeadsom is a liar. The Govts own figures say there is no Brexit dividend. The figures say we would all be worse off in any circumstance. Andrea knows the figures, but still she perpetuates the lies. A fanatic.  
Catalan official fired for hiding referendum ballot boxes... ballot boxes ! #SpanishInquisition is killing Democracy everyday 
CORE BLIMEY! I AGREE NIGEL. He should lay off attacking Brexit with our money too! @LBC 
7/ the @BBC ignores #Remainers 16 plus million people. It ignores the millions who do not want #Brexit and are fighting to stop it. How can this be impartial or professional journalism? It is a total betrayal of @BBCs natural constituency & supporters. So I can empathise. 
Theresa May has promised Scotland’s fishing communities that she will not cede control over UK waters to Europe after Brexit  
Canada's Immigration & Refugee Numbers Should Be Decided In A National Referendum.  
Go for it. High quality media is really easy. Start a radio station. Spend freely. Anti-Brexit news read by Lord Mandelson. Sport by @campbellclaret . Thought for the day by TB. Guest editor Gordon Brown. 
Oh Jeremy Corbyn, it's been 9 months since you snatched defeat from the jaws of victory. Then, rather than use your advantage, given mostly by Remainers, to oppose Brexit, you courted UKIPers and ignorant Brexiteers. It's a jobs-first Brexit, and yours is the first new vacancy. 
4/ it is the lack of any critical interrogation of the Government or #Brexiters over #Brexit and what it will mean for our economy and even the integrity of the U.K. - this constant pro #Brexit reporting or even worse failure to examine #Brexit and what it really means for UK 
LeaveEU Once Again Hurting Brexit Cause  
How do you think the youngest among us will feel about those who let Brexit happen despite all the warnings and despite the trainwreck we're seeing in the negotiations. 
MUST-READ: Chlorine-washed chicken, hormone-injected beef and no protection for famous British food names like Cornish pasties. All on Donald Trump's hit-list for a post Brexit trade deal with the UK.  
I voted Leave, I didn't vote for any half measures.Share if you agree. #Brexit  
Senator George Mitchell(helped broker the 1998 Good Friday Agreement) - #Brexit will prove to be a catastrophic error for the UK but the real victims will be the people in Ireland. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
I don’t enjoy this you know. I’d much rather watch the BBC and think Brexit was going to be okay; and, frankly, if I did that, it wouldn’t matter; I don’t make a difference. But if all of us took that approach we’d be lost. So here I am; not doing enough, but not doing nothing. 
Oh Jeremy Corbyn, last June millions of Remainers lent their votes, hoping you'd use them to resist Brexit and successfully oppose May's awful govt. You piddled them away. A weak govt that had no right to survive still persists. You've enabled Brexit. Now we're calling you out. 
The Guardian and Independent should stop using the word 'could' to describe the possible impact of Brexit, and begin doing what people pay them to do: report the news. The Guardian and the Independent should start using the word 'has' to describe an event. Stop speculating! 
EasyJet Boss: No, Planes Won’t Be Grounded After Brexit  
"Long after the loss of its colonies, Britain continued to benefit from the Empire’s fading aura. But with Brexit, that magic has finally worn off."  
By accident (honestly) I found myself on the infamous (to Brexit and Ireland obsessives) A3/N54 between Cavan and Armagh. Thread.  
Farmers are set to find out what 'taking back control' realy meant. The plebs that bought into brexit ensure the ongoing gravy train of the 1%.Modern day human sacrifice ie they win, we all lose  
Closing in Annan, Scotland and moving production to Grimsby, England.....Ahhh, the benefits of a No Vote and a neighbouring country's vote for Brexit...Are we all feeling "Better Together folks? 
The empirical evidence now proves that #Brexit is the most moronic course of action this nation has ever undertaken...the idiocracy rules.  
Actually voting against Labour in local elections is a vote for austerity. Moreover, voting against Labour come the next General Election ensures not only will your Brexit be hard but your austerity unendurable.  
If you've wondered about what sort of impulses that might have been behind the Brexit vote, there's a clue in this  tweet 
So the BBC is being destroyed. It lacked allies on the right. Now allies on the left are disappearing due to the very clear pro Brexit and pro Conservatives bias of @BBCNews 
Renua Ireland launched its Pro-Life referendum campaign today in Dublin called "Be our voice" we will speak for the unborn to make sure they have a voice in the upcoming referendum. Renua Ireland is 100% Pro Life and will campaign to save the 8th amendment.  
A sample poll. We've had many. But important Unionist voices are heard. I'd encourage you to VOTE "No" and "Against" and also RETWEET NOW!! The Union - Best For ALL!! . Poll: Do you want Irish unity referendum? How would you vote?  
First Brexit Transition Deal fiasco and now Porton Down fiascoBut not in the newsOnly important news recently seems to be a 96-year old Greek migrant can get hip surgery in a matter of minutesWell done @BBCNews 
The Conservative Party: Jacob Rees-Mogg for Prime Minister after Brexit is complete. - Sign the Petition!  
I don’t want you to win. You are aiding & abetting Brexit. Are you pro-EU? Don’t vote for Brexit parties, which include Labour & Conservative. Vote for a Remain party so that LabCon know where you stand. Write to your MP also & explain your vote so they know. #ABTV #StopBrexit 
Agreed but then @IsabelOakeshott actually looked and behaved rather too rattled for her own good. As she was so close to #VoteLeave she may well know too much about what went on. #Brexit #EURef #CambridgeAnalytica #FairVote #AggregateIQ 
A brand new #TwoLittleDucks poem called 'Le Tricolore', which addresses the daily police brutality endured by refugees at The Jungle As well as the Calais strand, the show also explores the core reasons behind the working-class Leave vote  #Brexit  
As much as I love London, the temptation to leave Brexit Britain grows stronger by the day.  
UBS: “The S&P 500 forward P/E has declined to 15.8x, similar to levels around the post-Brexit and pre- election lows."  
Whilst Labour leadership fights anti-semitism claims the eye is off the ball and Tory stupidity over #Brexit is eclipsed. Post-Easter, our work to shape the withdrawal bill continues. Someone has to take a stand to defend UK interests over political dogma #FBPE 
Arthur's daughter cuts my hair and I just ask for the Granite Brexit special, number 1 at the back and sides and trim the 6 or 7 hairs left on top.  
Reports in @guardiannews of Primary school children going hungry and teachers paying for clothes and sanitary productsMeanwhile the government continues to pour all resources into the guzzling #Brexit back hole#Tories taking us back to Victorian times#ToriesOut #StopBrexit 
Today @SAfridiOfficial made his greatest #BoomBoomAfridi by stating the obvious:- The int. community #UN MUST step up & demand a referendum for #KashmirHe's been trending on Indian Twitter & caused havoc in media.If You ask me, he showed what a SUPERSTAR is!#FreeKashmir 
EU membership is growing more popular among people in Denmark  
#TuesdayThoughts#VOTE#WisconsinMy husband and I just got back from voting for Judge Rebecca Dallet @judgedallet and NO to Walker's power grab referendum.We have a madman at helm and many in the @GOP who are little better. Please VOTE! Every. Single. Time. 
PLEASE HELP get my freedom of movement petition to 100k signatures! All UK residents (Inc EU Citizens in UK) and also British Citizens Outside the UK can sign! Please sign and RT! #keepFOM #remain #brexit #the3million #OFOC #NHS #BritishinEurope #FBPE 
Whitehall 'chaos' puts the UK's #Brexit trade strategy in doubt"Strategy? What strategy?" So responds a senior civil servant when asked how plans for the future of UK trade are coming together.#FBPE 
PS (2): Spain is putting tones of political pressure to get Puigdemont. BUT 20 years ago Spain's justice rejected to extradite to Germany a security head from Hitler. Can a referendum be a more despicable crime than setting up concentration camps? 
16) To conclude:1. Rebellion does not apply to a referendum.2. A referendum is not illegal under Spanish law.3. Spanish Gov denies any public fund was used for the referendum.4. If Puigdemont gets extradited he can be 15-25 years in prison for crimes he never committed. 
This outfit doubles down on its dishonest tweets.1/ If the timeframe of closing churches isn't an issue, why depict Sadiq Khan?2/ Brexit vote wasn't about non-EU migration, which the UK controlled3/ No explanation of the dishonest "sharia courts" claim  
get this thread out to as many people as poss. Jeremy's statement may have been deliberate or a maybe it was a mistake reflecting a subliminal attitude. Either way it is important that the BBC does not suggest that Brexit is a fact rather than a disputed process.#BBCBrexitBias 
Former Boris Johnson advisor @DrGerardLyons says London will remain world's major financial centre post-Brexit  
.@jeremycorbyn I see you’re right: it is a #JobsFirst Brexit after all: jobs are going first. Happy now?  1 in 5 UK manufacturing jobs at risk because of Brexit: study  
13) Coming back to the Puigdemont case in Germany, he is accused of misuse of public funds to organise the 1-O referendum.Well. Surprise, surprise. The Spanish Government itself has publicly denied that such misuse of public funds existed. 
Retweet if after Brexit you intend to continue buying food from the EU because you will be more trusting of its origin.I will. 
More craziness from England. This guy believes that #Brexit voters should be reported for a hate crime and prosecuted because of their vote. This is why we need to fight against PC socialism here in the !!  
10) Summing up for the moment: - rebellion doesn't apply because violence (that didn't exist from the Catalan side) is a sine qua non condition to apply rebellion to Catalan politicians.-organising a referendum is NOT illegal under Spain's criminal code. 
9) Moreover, organising a referendum is not a crime in Spain. The Spanish parliament expressly legalised them through Organic Law 2/2005, which modified the Criminal Code to remove those articles (506 bis, 521 bis and 576 bis), which previously considered this matter a crime. 
Fella on @lbc just cited "something Fred Dibnah said about it" as proof that the Twin towers were felled by controlled explosions before going on to claim  (again) that Skripal case is a conspiracy to stop Brexit. 
For Brexit to be net positive it has as a minimum to deliver the exact same benefits (and not just economic ones) we have now for less than 30p each a day. It’s @DanielJHannan’s job to make that happen. If he can’t, he will have failed. It is his problem. He created it. 
Really? But Brexit is such a golden opportunity, a brave move, breaking free from the shackles of the EU corpse ... why can’t the Danes see that? What’s wrong with them? #BrexitShambles 
It's pretty astonishing how @afneil amasses hundreds of thousands of Twitter followers thanks to his licence payer funder BBC job, and then uses the said Twitter account to relentlessly tweet right-wing propaganda on everything from Labour to climate change to Brexit.  
Having worked at the BBC, I can say the @Andrew_Adonis conspiracy theories about supporting #Brexit are nonsense. Worse, they deflect from the very really issue the largely great institution sometimes *really* struggles with: mistaking balance for impartiality. 
The great #Brexit irony - government has lost the argument, but is (currently) winning the battle. 'Brexit benefits' were so 2017.  'Brexit is inevitable' is the 2018 tune.  They are counting on opponents thinking this is a lost cause. We have to find new ways to prove it isn't. 
Chris Grey at his analytical best. Read it. It clearly debunks, amongst other things, the notion that the BBC can be seen to be impartial because all sides of the Brexit divide are complaining of bias. #stopbrexit #shoddyjournalism @chrisgreybrexit 
If you don't want to know what #China really thinks of #Brexit, look away now... (WARNING: this is tough reading for those of us who love our country & hate to see it brought to its knees by #BrexitShambles) #BrexitBetraysBritain 
Brexit is petty and often groundless resentments dressed up as the highest constitutional principle. If it could take human form it would be having a screaming tantrum in a Disney princess dress. 
The parting words my MP sent as I left Britain for France due to Brexit  
When people say it is unfair to describe #Brexit as xenophobic, racist & filled with hatred & prejudice (which clearly isn't all Brexitters) just direct them to @LeaveEUOfficial's twitter feed.  
I’ve said this about anything the Tories do Russian poisoning diversion from Brexit Anti Corbyn campaign diversion from Brexit Anytime something goes wrong for the Tories there’s a diversion ! 
It's only the adverts I hate but they are just a minor irritation as I can get to the point of wanting to throw my radio out of the window listening to the BBC and its pro brexit/government bias. 
2/ government has spectactularly failed to address the issue of   uncontrolled immigration. We appreciate this issue naturally goes beyond  the Brexit question itself. Our political elite refuses to acknowledge  the seismic cultural shift Britain has experienced over the last 
I was right to say #SkripalCase 'Fantastic Way to Distract British Public From #Brexit' when asked by the journalist: 
Local elections are on May 3rd. Many of you believe that Labour will stop Brexit. I have one piece of advice - unless @jeremycorbyn CATEGORICALLY and UNAMBIGUOUSLY states on TV & Social Media that he WILL stop brexit and save the UK from certain disaster, Voting Lab means Brexit 
Sign up now for popular workshop “ OIL PAINTING IN THE FRENCH IMPRESSIONIST TRADITION” Feb 23-24, before it moves to a Chateau in Provence this fall!  Instructor Valerie Collymore  
Ever since Britons voted to leave the EU in June 2016, we have been told that the #Brexit vote was a product of xenophobia and hate. The assumption is unfounded. As even new research from the EU itself suggests.  
What a brilliant idea. What a total shame that we won't be able to benefit from this post #Brexit. Nor the wonderful EHC cards.I'm not convinced this Brexit caper is a totally beneficial thing, are you?  
Worked for the BBC, it's not so much that journos/researchers are either pro or anti-Brexit, but many are simply lazy and rely on papers and other media to do their thinking for them. Genuine lack of independent minded staff @BBCNews compared to say @c4news 
Poll: Sinn Féin have demanded a referendum on Irish Unity within 5 years. Do you support their call? Please retweet when you’ve voted. 
This isn't about Trump or Brexit - they're just outcomes - one more temporary than they other.This is about democracy and how we conduct our lives. Do facts and honesty still matter? Is an honourable life still worth living?Or, are we now in the age of win at all costs? 
A month today -- 3rd May -- is polling day in local elections across much of the UK, including all London boroughs. This is your chance (including EU citizens; do register to vote, if you haven't already) to say pants to #Brexit! Vote for a party that wants an #ExitFromBrexit 
So the U.K. Government pressured Allied nations to expel Russian diplomats based on a half arsed guess and no definitive proof. Are the Tories are so incompetent or were the trying to distract from Brexit & Cambridge Analytica?  
Brexit is Toxic & Jacob is a Toxic Twat   
Yikes--this is the (Brexit) Leave official (super racist) campaign account.  
I have always defended the BBC and the licence fee but the coverage over Brexit has been an utter disgrace. I can't listen to Today anymore and have switched to Classic FM. I would rather listen to adverts than the right wing tripe being peddled by Humphrys et al. 
I’ve no doubt that there are a handful of anti-semites in the Labour Party but the way it’s being painted as an epidemic frankly stinks. I recognise the tactic from the independence referendum. Glass houses? The hypocrisy in the UK establishment is unending. 
The 21 non-EU countries @tradegovuk are currently negotiating free trade deals with. Brexit Britain is going global and will become a beacon of free trade!   
Just got this rubbish through my door from @CamdenLabour - I will never vote for a Brexit party #finalsay #ABTV18 
Greg, read my books and my essays b/c I am against Brexit. But if Tony Blair and new labour keep coming on stage to say they can save you from Brexit by just repeating the  mantra "neo liberalism works" you most assuredly will get Brexit.  
What sort of Brexit do you want? I WANT THAT ONE ! Here you are then. I DON'T LIKE IT !  
The British public must not be cheated. Our democracy is fundamentally more important than #Brexit.  
Why is it that whenever some organisation comes up with some half-baked prediction of doom for the UK economy post-Brexit it is splashed all over the news, yet real data on the economy gets ignored?  
Excl - Norwegian MPs lobbying EU to ensure it doesn't give Britain any special perks in Brexit deal  
In particular, there is no direct legal "pathway" from the Cambridge Analytica allegations, at their highest, to legally invalidating the referendum result/A50 notification.Fines and other sanctions maybe.  But Brexit continues. 
Would the UKgov distract us all with a Russian spy story in order for us not to look through Brexit and #CambridgeAnalytica shit storms?Just notice how quick they were to avoid any questions on CA 
I was right to say #SkripalCase 'Fantastic Way to Distract British Public From #Brexit'SCIENTISTS from Ministry of Defence's Porton Down laboratory have not been able to prove that the nerve agent used to poison Sergey & Yulia Skripal was made in Russia 
"With the UK wanting to catch more and the EU unwilling to catch less, no wonder we're worried", says Sam Stone, Head of Fisheries and Aquaculture at the Marine Conservation Society.@DefraGovUK #Brexit 
There are only three ways for Remainers to stop or slow down the Brexit conveyor belt.All else is noise and distraction. 
Are ppl genuinely shocked that the British gov has lied about the Russians? Cmon they lied about brexit, lied about collusion in the north of Ireland, lied about weapons of mass destruction, lied during the Scottish referendum....running theme here folks .. question everything 
Well, well, well..... Who'd have guessed that . There is no Russian proof.  UK government red flag to abort Brexit and put the west against Russia, saying "we're stronger together". Public need to open their eyes and minds. 
Shows how out of control May is. Willing to cause a major diplomatic incident to divert attention from Brexit? 
Theresa May is a deranged excuse of a human being with the intellect of dog shit. Forget Brexit, flee now! Escape that flaming dumpster fire of a country before T. May gets you all killed. What as ass...  @piersmorgan @afneil @BBC 
I don’t believe for a second that any but a small minority of leave voters would endorse this dreadful shit.This is what Brexit has unleashed on the country though, and continuing on the path we’re on can only make it worse. We need to think again. #FinalSayForAll  
LeaveEU Once Again Hurting Brexit Cause:  
Good point. Not only has Theresa May mangled Brexit but she has taken the world to the brink of war based on her lies that the origin of this nerve agent was certain.  
BREXIT REALITIES: Key post-Brexit trade deals could take 26 years, warns new analysis /#EU #Brexit  
THREAD- (1)Schleswig-Holstein's prosecutor believes that in #Puigdemont case there’s rebellion crime for "summoning a referendum on October 1st knowing that there could be violence"..when ALL violence came that day from Spanish Policia Nacional in front of peaceful people! 
So with #Brexit, the BBC has consistently - before & after June 2016 - given Fromage regular opportunities every 5mins to spout his misleading, inaccurate extremism on the #EU at the snap of his fingers - under the cover of "impartiality". 3/ #BrexitBroadcastingCorporation 
Given the result of the Referendum, by definition, blocking Brexit cannot be centrist. It is an extreme position.  
The OBR say #Brexit will cost us around £18bn annually, but hey, what do they know. Bunch of experts! I'm sure everyone would rather listen to a woman who lied on her CV.  
So it's ok to appeal against a legally-offered contract that affects a very small number of people, but not to ask for a final say on a dodgy referendum that will affect everyone?? The arrogance & selfishness of Brexiters knows no bounds! #hypocrites 
It is becoming increasingly clear that the Brexit promised in 2016 is not deliverable-No extra money for our NHS after Brexit-a £40bn Brexit divorce bill to pay-& Ministers now admit we wont get ‘exact same benefits’ from a new relationship with EU they had promised. SO WHY DO IT 
Costa Rica, which is majority-Catholic, held its Presidential election. It became a referendum on gay marriage. Center-left Carlos Alvarado won a landslide against socially conservative Fabricio Alvarado. Fabrcio was strongest in more rural areas while Carlos dominated San Juan.  
“@BestForBritain champion and @LibDems education spokeswoman @LaylaMoran said:‘It’s fantastic to see the @nusuk join the growing number of voices across the country demanding a people’s vote on the terms of Brexit’.”#ExitfromBrexit #voteonthedeal 
No. We will not vote @UKLabour simply because you support #Brexit and you refuse to listen to us. These local elections we will send a strong message. We will not vote pro #Brexit parties.Say NO to #BrexitSay NO to LabourSay NO to Tories 
Liz, I am a passionate defender & champion of @BBCNews. I don’t believe BBC is consciously biased for Brexit but it’s the result of flaws in the reporting approach. Taking a general election approach doesn’t work. @chrisgreybrexit explains it better 
Join our campaign to bring #ProportionalRepresentation to British Columbia!  Pledge to vote YES for #pr4bc in the 2018 referendum!    #bcpoli 
Marine le Penn on Remembrance Sunday? Not even an apology, just a sneer. Sorry - you've lost the right to do the  "be careful what you wish for" stuff - nothing could be worse than #brexit & the BBC is letting it happen. #BBCBias #Stopbrexit 
An inconvenient truth for you is most people saw this stunt multiple times across BBC. But you fail to mention Farage couldn't be bothered to turn up 40 committee meetings for eu on fishing. You also failed to mention multiple  anti brexit marches country wide. WHY? 
I agree. I used to think that the agenda of messing up the BBC was so Murdock could get in there, but now, it wouldn't make a difference. The quality of the brexit coverage is trash. I never would have believed how quickly the BBC could become a state mouthpiece, but I doubt that 
It’s Election Day! Please go vote! I just voted for Rebecca Dallet and ‘No’ on the referendum to eliminate the State Treasurers Office. No matter what, please vote. Your vote matters!  
That Radio X 'Best British Song' list in full:1. Wonderwall 2. Wonderwall (Live)3. Wonderwall '984. Wonderwall (Demo)5. Wonderwall (Instrumental)6. Live and Let Die without the reggae bit7. Wonderwall (Reprise)8. Some hiss9. Brexit10. Death 
Dear Racist Tiger.It's been great riding on your back, but now we've reached brexit I'm going to get off.Let go of my leg! Stop biting me! Heeelp!  
Lifelong advocate of the BBC. Considered you fair and balanced. Then 2016 rolled around and I got a first hand taste of how broken you've become.I've been on anti Brexit marches you've farted a piece out late in the day or ignored. Corporation just protects the government now. 
Dear @LeaveEUOfficial, your tweets are doing a terrible disservice to Brexit voters. Your tweets are often crude, divisive and nasty. I don’t know what you’re trying to achieve but I’m pretty sure the British people don’t want it. Please stop.  
"Brexit indeed means #Brexit" says EU over shared cost #satellite system @InFactsOrg 
Okay what have these fake statistics got to do with Brexit? Also, u guys really chose TODAY to tweet this? So irresponsible and dangerous  
Euroscepticism plummets in Denmark as consequences of Brexit become clear Voters now say they would reject a referendum on leaving EU by 55% to 27%In 2016 before UK referendum it was 44% to 37% 
The Brexit listening tour continues! On Wednesday 11th April I'll be in Oldham. Join me if you can  
Euroscepticism plummets in Denmark as the consequences of Brexit become clear.And at home, the majority of the British public now want to #Remain in the EU, polls show.Our MPs need to take note and give the public a #FinalSay to #StopBrexit.  
Interviewed outside of parliament today about why I left the @Conservatives & joined the @LibDems - the only party standing up to this disastrous #Brexit that the Tories are hell-bent on carrying out. #Disastrous #BrexitShambles 
Will any #Remain supporters join us in condemning the abuse of #Brexit voters? Perhaps it could be a good opportunity to let the healing begin. But, 'hatred will never eradicate hatred, only loving kindness will eradicate hatred; this is the law, ancient and eternal'. The Buddha  
So instead of following us other countries are seeing what a terrible mistake the UK has made in voting for Brexit.  #StopBrexit #ABTV #FBPE 
It’s quite simple for any serious journalistBrexiteers - There will be a Brexit Dividend for the NHSIncorrect response - Some on the other side say that might not happenCorrect Response - That is clearly BS Minister why are you lying to the nation? #BBCBrexitBias 
Electoral fraud.The #brexit referendum result is void !#StopBrexitNow 
LiamFox said last year there would be 40 trade deals ready to be signed “the second after #Brexit”.  Now however .....Britain will strike ‘at least two major trade deals’ during Brexit transition | Holyrood Magazine  
They are robbing us blind and stashing their "Loot" In offshore tax Haven accounts! Brexit is a Sham they had to get out of the E.U. to save their Tax Haven accounts from being exposed!  
Euroscepticism plummets in Denmark as consequences of Brexit become clear Having seen the disaster that is Brexit, the Danes no longer want to Dexit. 
I'm not interested in defending Corbyn and I do think he has handled this antisemitism issue badly. But the loudest voices condemning him also seem to be those who shouted down anybody who raised concerns about racism in the EU referendum or the subsequent rise in hate crimes. 
Support for EU rises in Denmark as consequences of Brexit become clear  
When is a Brexit dividend not a Brexit dividend?a) when it's a figment of Boris Johnson's imaginationb) when #Brexit costs us MORE than our annual EU duesc) when it's the way Tories have decided to brand a tax rised) all of the above(CORRECT ANSWER: (d) )#nobrexitdividend 
#Brexit is not inevitable. If the Brexit that was promised cannot be delivered, then people have every right to demand a say about whether it is the right choice for our country.Join an event near you on 14th April and help share this message: Please RT 
"Brexit has created a two-faced ruling class in London too. Very few British politicians, civil servants, business leaders or even many Brexit-cheerleading journalists believe the official state ideology of Brexit. They just mouth the slogans."  
Dear hate preachers, you make me ashamed to be a white British male. The argument for Brexit was so the UK could trade 'freely' with the world; it doesn't give you or anyone the right to incite hatred against religious or minority groups. You have been reported. #BritishValues 
THE UK SHOULD HAVE NOTHING TO DO WITH THE UN! THAT SHOULD BE THE NEXT BREXIT! UN Easter Message: Migration Is ‘Inevitable – Desirable – Necessary’  
Great work Carole. Keep going. Brexit is rotten to the core. The lies and the cheating need to be exposed. If anything, this is even bigger than Brexit. This is an assault on democracy and must be stopped.  
Its about time the @BBCNews stopped repeating "after Brexit" on every bulletin as if Brexit is inevitable. This is a form of subtle persuasion of its audience as if Brexit has to happen. #StopBrexit 
Goodness.... Spain is moving far beyond a mere referendum in its intolerance.  
this might be the strongest case for delaying Brexit I've seen so far  
Scott Walker wants to abolish the elected position of state treasurer in Wisconsin. Voters will decide the issue in a referendum today. A NO vote will reject Walker’s latest power grab and begin the process of renewing Wisconsin democracy. 
The real scandal is that Brexit strips us all of our rights to travel, live, work and retire freely across Europe.@BBCNews should be reporting on that, not just on the Brexiters’ blue passport news agenda.#StopBrexit #FinalSay #Remain 
#FARAGE : May’s handling probably set back Brexit opportunities by 5 years.  MAY MUST GO!              #fo2eu 
Brexiteer MP, Kate Hoey condemns the disgustingly anti-democratic nature of those Remoaners who continue to try and thwart Brexit! 
‘Get on with it!’ John Redwood in furious tirade at Brexit-bashing civil servants  
NUS throws weight behind Brexit second referendum: Hurrah!  
At least ONE Tory knows where his duty lies !!...Most of the other MPs seem to need reminding !!...Unfortunately lying and and deceit seems to be the norm in parliament these days !! Tell the truth for once...AND STOP THE BREXIT DISASTER !!  #FBPE #StopBrexit #StopTories #ABTV 
And here we go again... Spanish Ministry of Interior dismisses Catalan official for hiding referendum ballot boxes. At least she hasn't been sent off to prison. Yet. #Catalonia 
There is a movie called ‘The Brexit Chainsaw Massacre’ but I’m not in that one because it’s just English politicians going at each other 
"Their reasons may be different, but the end result is the same; the Tories are Brexit’s architect, Labour the handmaiden, and much of the country left wondering what on earth the opposition thinks it’s job actually is."  
Since the EU referendum, Irish passport applications from Northern Ireland have gone up by 53%; a new Irish passport office in the North may be necessary  
This 'man' is a remoaner...He thinks that I am stupid and ill informed for voting Brexit....I make no comment on his mental state.  
"The only violence in last October's referendum came from Spanish police who beat people lining up at polling stations" by @JonGatehouse via @CBCTheNational 
Brexit. What Brexit? The London office market is proving surprisingly resilient  
Local police head and four politicians in the Catalan town of Pineda, under investigation for coercing hotels into expelling Spanish police officers deployed to stop 2017 referendum  
EasyJet Boss: No, Planes Won't Be Grounded After Brexit. Another Project Fear myth is busted  
Brexiters have conveniently forgotten that Theresa May warned about the perils of #Brexit.Here's a reminder... 
One month to go until #LE2018.I'm voting to send an anti-Brexit message to the government and the opposition which means voting for an anti-Brexit party. It's time to put aside party allegiance and do the best I can for my nation.#ABTV to #StopBrexit 
Oi! @theresa_may - time you stopped telling lies, and admitted you are wrong when you claim #Brexit is "the will of the people". It never was, and now it is only wanted by a small gang of nutters in Parliament. You should #StopBrexit before you do any more harm. 
The party would SPLIT' IDS warns PM of Tory CHAOS if Brexit pledges not maintained       
Another Vote Leave volunteer (@damidude) comes out to say we need a public vote on the final deal - which contains an option to ditch Brexit & remain.For Leave voters who believe in international collaboration- the Brexit leaders are leading UK astray. 
.@Jacob_Rees_Mogg: Brussels has had the upper hand in the Brexit talks so far, but liberty is still in sight  
Euroscepticism plummets in Denmark as consequences of Brexit become clear  
I fear the damage done to Britain by those who promoted, then secured, Brexit and then were revealed to have acted criminally in the process is irreparable. There is no coming back from this until a leader emerges who will be honest with the country 
."So summing up, would UK agriculture thrive or survive post-Brexit?The findings speak for themselves.Very high proportions are going to be worse off.The magnitude of some of the income loss is very, very dramatic.". 
#TanjasDaily is back after the Easter break ... Brexiters are rattled - don’t be rattled too: keep pushing to stop Brexit  
Three top barristers conclude: 'crime committed over Brexit vote'  
The US govt just released a HUGE report on 'foreign trade barriers,' including 47 pages on the EU rules and regs it doesn't like — basically a blueprint for what it wants from a Brexit trade deal...  
A volunteer for the Leave campaign believes "there is evidence of ethical misconduct during the EU referendum", and that "In 10 years’ time, shouldn’t we be able to look back and be certain that the decision to leave was the genuine will of the people".  
In the Scooby-Doo Brexit movie I am the pesky kids 
This is a very fair essay about the BBC's pro Brexit bias. I do recommend to all #FBPE The BBC has to start taking this issue seriously, and it would be good to know that it's reviewing its Brexit coverage.  
EasyJet Boss: No, Planes Won't Be Grounded After Brexit  
From rotting crops to migrant worker shortages, times are hard down on the farm that #Brexit built.According to the National Farmers' Union, less than one per cent of seasonal workers in British farms are UK-born.  
'Arrogant' EU trade bloc to COLLAPSE like Soviet Union after Brexit warns academic  - OH ,OH  --- PLEASE LET IT HAPPEN 
Michael #Bloomberg: "#Brexit is the stupidest thing that any country has ever done...apart from the US electing Donald Trump-#POTUS". 
If you know Brexit would hurt the countryIf you know it's lies, government failures & ultra-nationalism that brought us hereIf you know the generations most affected desperately want it to stopIf you love the UK & care about its future, you can't let Brexit happen. 
The European Union has similar characteristics to the Soviet Union and will suffer a similar fate within a generation:  #Brexit 
What the Brexit media won’t tell you, but the New Yorker will:How “cheating” swung the Brexit vote, according to the Cambridge Analytica whistleblower.Read this, share widely, and see why we need a free and fair #FinalSay vote to #StopBrexit. 
In the James Bond Brexit movie I am Bond and evil villain Dr Brexit is planning to let his Gove virus infect the whole of Europe with hypocritical atavistic pomposity so to save time I just shoot him 
I've no doubt that many dedicated BBC journos are dismayed at all this. But the editorial line taken by the BBC over many years has fed populist anti-EU sentiment & failed to inform the public about EU realities. The BBC helped create Brexit & is helping to deliver it. 13/ 
Also troubling is the apparent editorial decision to view Brexit as a done deal, reflecting the immutable will of the people, ignoring widespread dissent, legitimate opposition, electoral concerns, serious constitutional question marks, etc. 9/ 
Compare and contrast @mrjamesob who had the decency to leave Newsnight so that he could challenge Brexit through his work as a journalist and a broadcaster. 8/ 
My analysis of the BBC's Brexit coverage. Quotes, and may be of interest to, @mrjamesob @Andrew_Adonis and @HenryCPorter 
 It's almost like Ruth Davidson is desperately trying to deflect from the biggest immediate threat to Scottish growth and our public services - Brexit.  
Imagine if Ed Milliband had won the 2015 election....we would have a Labour govt, a fully funded NHS, high economic growth and no #Brexit. Remember that on May 3rd. 
#ABTV.What is it?#ABTV is a way of spreading the message to vote for candidates from or supporting Anti Brexit Parties, wether Lib Dem’s, Green, SNP, Plaid or independents, at the #LocalElections2018 in May.Send a message to Lab/Con that pro Brexit costs you votes/councillors. 
#BREAKING Spanish government dismisses director of Catalan police training center for having hidden independence referendum ballot boxesPhoto: PacoJMuñoz/ISPC  
Your daily reminder that we're still waiting for Leavers to name one practical, tangible, realistic benefit of Brexit for our daily lives.#FBPE#ABTV 
Three times Theresa May has been asked 'Do you think Brexit will be worth it?' Three times she has failed to answer  
Otto von Bismarck called preventive war “committing suicide for fear of death.” Change “death” to “European progressive liberal democracy & economic cooperation” and you have your definition of Brexit. 
Only revolutionary new laws can stop Brexit harming the environment | Michael Jacobs  
Younger generations from ALL backgrounds, including students, don't want Brexit.These are YOUR KIDS.The people most affected by Brexit.DO NOT DO THIS TO THEM! 
Aamer Anwar @AamerAnwar (lawyer of Clara Ponsati): "The only violence we've seen is that of the Spanish police on the day of the referendum. The real fugitives are the policemen who attacked peaceful citizens who wanted to vote."  
How different would British politics be if, on the Tuesday morning after Easter a year ago, the PM hadn't called a snap election? Very imho. 1. Corbyn would be weaker or even toppled, 2. Brexit would not have been softened, 3. Govt would have a domestic agenda. 
What is the point of @BBCnews if it has no more credibility than a Fleet St paper?BBC news can only secure its long term future by regaining & safeguarding a reputation for topclass journalism and hence credibilityBBC has little credibility on Corbyn, Brexit, Indy to name but 3  
NUS throws weight behind Brexit second ref  
@RoyalAstroSoc president:"Brexit has been a sword hanging over us.We wish to make it clear that Astronomy in the UK is committed to maintaining internationalism."@Scientists4EU#EWASS2018 
Theresa May warned MPs on Monday that her Brexit timetable may slip. But any extension beyond December 31, 2020 would delay our ability to sign trade deals.  
Join @Open_Britain @euromove @_Britain4Europe and @WalesForEurope for a national action day on 14th April.Can you hand out leaflets in your area against this destructive #Brexit? Sign-up below! 
Astonishing. The ‘inconvenient truth’ cited approvingly here by the BBC’s Head of News comes from the Daily Telegraph which, er, has an agenda on Brexit. It’s also the BBC’s agenda, which is presumably why he cites it. In factual terms this is wrong btw.  
Ladies and gentlemen, let me present the real news:A Cambridge Analytica Whistle-blower Claims That “Cheating” Swung the Brexit Vote  
Every day until the anniversary of the Brexit vote on 23/6 we will be posting a picture from the #MarchForEurope  There are too many people from all across Scotland who came demanding #DemocracyOnBrexit, and they cannot be forgotten or ignored #AlwaysEuropean  
The real dirt is his support for Brexit while pretending to support Remain. That overshadows everything else and I couldn't care less about any other dirt.  
Amazing. Home Office in limbo, immigration policy in limbo, EU citizens in limbo.- all because all energy is consumed in helping David Davis & PM with Brexit mess.You know what? If we had voted Remain, immigration policy (using options within FoM) would be sorted by now.  
Tuned into @LBC and within 2 minutes I got the heck outa Dodge, I don’t know who this Tom Swarbrick is never heard of him before but he Started off with Corbyn bashing followed by bigging up Brexit all in one go, he must have sprinted to the Studio today drooling in anticipation 
With less than a year to go until we're due to leave, the appetite for Brexit is weakening and the demand from the public for a say on the final deal grows stronger 
The role of the civil service in Brexit - ministers decide, civil servants advise. Civil servants can warn and restrain Ministers to make sure Ministers obey the law and operate within their powers, but they are not there to write Manifestos or to decide the direction of travel. 
Tell your MP. And this May 3rd be sure to vote for an anti-Brexit party. At the moment, Labour and Conservative are both pro-Brexit. We need to send them a clear message that it's not the will of the people. 
So if you voted for Brexit because you wanted the UK to have a say....I have good news and bad news.  
In the Hammer Horror version of Brexit I am the stake driven firmly and somehow quite sexily through the heart of Count Brexita thus saving the local peasants, and indeed the fine young members of bourgeoisie, entrapped in Castle Brexita from becoming the perpetually undead 
#localelections2018 are for 4 years, #Brexit is for life.Think of that when you cast your vote. Don't let #Labour or #Tories take your vote for granted. They work for you, not the other way round. Send a message of protest. Vote for a pro-#EU party on May 3rd. #ABTV #VoteEU 
Brexit - import frozen, hormone-filled beef from the other side of the planet while driving the UK beef-farming industry to the wall. Happy days  
Well, that's interesting. The BBC bury the Observer #Brexit story for days, yet lead on breaking news from Guido Fawkes. They treat a reputable paper with caution, a gossip blog as gospel. That IS blatant bias 
‘If you march against Brexit, do you support democracy?’  
Summary:1. Our Yoof must fight for their Brexit rights.2. Only by Britain remaining in Our EU can they have the opportunity to be unemployed in 27 other countries.3. So why are so few of them protesting?4. Cambridge Analytica must have brainwashed them.5. That's all, folks!  
#Brexit 12If U think EU is a good idea.then U haven't read EU peoples party manifesto  Brexit means the dissembling stops & Westminster will be held 2 account for these types of decisions. No wonder Cameron & Blair et al don't like the prospect of #brexit ! 
The Brexit negotiations illustrate EXACTLY why the EU exists - 27 countries acting together are stronger than 1 country ! That's why it's a complete mess for the UK!  
For the first time since WW2, the UK has a government which is both anti-business and anti-labour. It is propped up in power by a #brexit backbone of opinion which is anti-everything, including the UK's own best national interest. #BrexitShambles 
Jesus Christ look at the fucking state of this “Now That’s What I Call Brexit” hellscape.  
What have Jeremy Corbyn and the Labour front bench said about #cambridgeanalytica and #BeLeave? They would seem to be excellent issues on which to attack the Tories. One would hope that their support for #Brexit is not holding them back.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Acc to German prosecutors, the October 1 referendum went ahead despite warnings from police that violence could escalate, hence the requirement of violence is satisfied. 
The local elections on May 3rd will be a referendum on your time as Mayor turning London into a “shithole” desperately weak on crime and even weaker on the cause of crime that’s down to you @SadiqKhan and the antisemite @UKLabour #VoteanythingbutLabour 
In the noir version of Brexit I am Humphrey Bogart and I have just pushed back my hat from my forehead and rubbed my chin thoughtfully because I have realized that Mayor May is being manipulated by darker forces trying to get around prohibition laws by legalizing smuggling 
#Brexit 2Peugeot closed its Ryton (was Rootes Group) plant and moved production to Slovakia with EU grant.British Army's new Ajax fighting vehicles to be built in SPAIN using SWEDISH steel at the request of the EU to support jobs in Spain with EU grant, rather than Wales. 
Do you @J_Donaldson_MP use the affectionate name "Cookie"  for Richard Cook or is that reserved for his close friends?In case you've forgotten he's the director of the CRC who gave your party £435k for your Brexit campaign.  
#Brexit 1Cadbury moved factory 2 Poland 2011 with EU grant.Ford Transit moved 2Turkey 2013 with EU grant.Jaguar Land Rover recently agreed 2 build a new plant in Slovakia with EU grant, owned by Tata, same company who trashed our steel industry & emptied workers pension funds. 
Deals with the likes of Australia and New Zealand are expected to be prioritised so ministers can show voters they are delivering on referendum promises  
.@stefanstern on why MPs should remember their Edmund Burke when considering Brexit  
An irony of #Brexit is that many Leavers wanting greater sovereignty for Britain back Tories who want to hand control over much of our nation's affairs to global capitalists who couldn't give a damn about the British people. #StopBrexit #FBPE #VoteEU 
Shame they and so much UK business were all so silent during Referendum campaign. A little late in the day now no matter how well intentioned.  
A lifetime in jail because of her beliefs?So it was nothing to do with alleged sedition, violent rebellion  & misappropriation of public funds to hold an illegal referendum?  
A clear piece today on why we need to be clear about the facts in the Eighth Amendment referendum - Myths and lies about abortion must be debunked #together4yes 
Remain didn't 'lie' about the UK economy who could have predicted it would start tanking 6 months after the EU referendum?  
Britain will have at least two bumper free trade deals in place after Brexit transition ends | Liam Fox warns Theresa May he will quit if Brexit deadline slips beyond 31 December 2020 | Election watchdog officials face calls to resign over Brexit 'bias'  
London after Brexit means uncertainty for banks and Paris will use this to gain competitive advantageAnd before you say ‘good riddance to bad bankers’ just think of how the loss of tax revenue will impact on public services#BrexitReality 
I watched “The Brexit Panel” and it was only during @bbclaurak’s summing up I realised it wasn’t one of two programmes where the views of Brexiters were sought, to be followed by another panel of Remainers. It genuinely made me laugh out loud when she said it was half-and-half. 
In the Marvel version of Brexit I am a wise-cracking and lithe superhero who manages to stop the self-destructive blind rage of the BrexitHulk by swinging up on my rope of common sense to inject it with Prof Political’s new ‘Anti-Dicking-Around-With-The-Peace-Process Serum’. 
The question framed by Brexit is, will you accept that billionaires, their political stooges and modern day mercenaries can steal UK democracy?  If not you need to stand up vote, fight and make your voice heard. #CambridgeAnalytica #democracy #EU 
I wanted a London referendum after Brexit was confirmed.  
Read this. Proof the vote leave and  were linked and illegal funded. The brexit Broadcasting Corporation completely silent on this. CA threatening to sue.#BBCBias #StopBrexit #BrexitBroadcastingCorporation 
I didn't realise just how big the #GreatNorthernMarch was until I saw this video. BBC hiding truth about opposition to Brexit. Tory press too. Same with Cambridge analytica story. Secrecy and lies. Tory propaganda. Was our 'democracy' always like this? @MichelBarnier #stopbrexit 
As #repealth8th referendum approachs, there will be those who peddle disinformation. In @IrishTimes today I write about abortion myths, & why it's imperative we're led by facts rather than falsehoods..  
Little wonder as evidence of damage mounts every day: A majority of British people regret voting for Brexit - Business Insider  
Are you waiting till Brexit is irreversible, Scots locked out of Europe, our economy needlessly trashed and maybe an even more inept and intransigent Tory leader Pete. Carpe Diem while there's still one to seize! 
Please don't abstain as not voting won't be noticed at #LocalElections where tunrover is around 30% in a normal year.Please consider #ABTV (Anti Brexit Tactical Vote) and the parties are all working together.Please lend your vote to @libdems to send a message, or Greens 
Yes the BBC has confused being neutral on Brexit with being neutered 
We need to shock #Brexit ConLab with a big vote for pro-EU parties on May 3. We need leading Remainers to be at the front of this campaign. So come on @mikegalsworthy @campbellclaret @Andrew_Adonis @thatginamiller @Femi_Sorry. Please RT#StopBrexit #FBPE #ABTV #VoteEU 
Subversive Remainers are trying to lead the UK towards Brexit In Name Only     
Lots of sneering from the cognoscenti re @Andrew_Adonis's tweets on the BBC and Brexit. Little engagement with the sharp questions he's asking. 1/2 
We were fifth until Brexit dragged us down. Brexit empowers the people who have ruined UK. Let’s stop them, and their pointless Brexit.  
April issue of BJSP now available online Articles on social class, Milgrim and obedience, Brexit, identity fusion, ego depletion, SDO and much more@WileyPsychology @BPSOfficial @socialpsychUK please RT 
If we are to #StopBrexit, & there's very little time left, we have to drop all party political loyalty. We must see parties only in terms of how they are helping or hindering our campaign, as tools or obstacles, nothing more!#Brexit #VoteEU #ABTV 
This is a cause no Brexit newspaper can take up, for obvious shabby reasons.  
Reality of post-referendum UK investment defies gloomy forecasts ...according to FT!  
IDS destroys 'RIDICULOUS' EU Brexit plot to get Britain to cough up even MORE money   
Brexit is basically a club for everyone who hates everyone. No wonder Corbyn fits in so well. 
Didn’t quitters say that #Brexit would lead to better treatment of animals, or just another #BrexitLie from #Tories  
From rotting crops to migrant worker shortages, times are hard on the farm that #Brexit builtRobots won't save the UK's farms from a migrant labour shortage. Many farmers are worried they won't have enough people to pick their crops#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Michael Bloomberg: Brexit is the stupidest thing any country has ever done  
At Antwerp's sprawling port, the ripples from Brexit are already apparent  
Just look at the statements from Russia on the Skripal poisoning, the 20 plus odd explanation for the WMD attack in the UK, Brexit, the 2016 US election, among others. 3/13 
Our fisherman are the front line behind which we all stand. Let the coastal communities down, and you let us all down. It's NOT just about economic benefit (although the Brexit fisheries dividend will be £6bn–£8bn), it's about national dignity, and rebuilding local communities. 
They had the new "Flu Jab First" So it was ok for them to go in and out! This whole Farce is Pure Tory Anti-Russia or more to the Point Anti-Putin  Propaganda to hide their Power Grab and their incompetent handling of Brexit.  
We Asked Famous Londoner Steve-O His Thoughts on Brexit and He Lit His Dick on Fire  
Another lesson from #JesusChristSuperstarLive: apparently evil people have English accents—a lesson we originally learned from @TheLionKing, #PrinceofEgypt, @Aladdin, @HamiltonMusical and #Brexit. 
Yes,there should one big correction before #Nifty resumes  onward march!It should fall to 8000 or 9000 before it goes to 13000 or 14000,led by global geopolitics,painful #Brexit but most importantly,rising bond yields will dictate equity market moves,unless i've missed something!  
As a doctor, I'm often asked: is there a Brexit gene and can it be passed on to children? We know that Brexit support is usually accompanied by symptoms of what we call alius stultitia (abnormal stupidity) and is linked with excessive Facebook use. It's unlikely to be hereditary. 
Brexit was a wake-up call for the Dutch. Where they were often content to let Britain lead, now they must step up  
#ChristopherWylie, the gay whistleblower who revealed how the 2016 US election was manipulated, details how Brexit--which has utterly upended the UK in many similar ways to the Trump "election--has done the same.#CambridgeAnalytica 
Funny, @JustinTrudeau is using closed door meetings with the AFN bypassing the First Nations collective rights holders to pass his Rights and Recognition framework. @Min_CIRNA is forcing votes on communities in crisis and not being transparent with referendum results.  
And on that note I wasn’t too shabby myself in April (17) :) “Facebook just 1 part of AI” #Brexit  
For those that think @LouiseMensch is trying to cover up uncomfortable truths about Brexit, I give you Exhibit 1@thespybrief@ericgarland@DrDenaGrayson@TheRickWilson@TrueFactsStated 
The @ElectoralCommUK can not & should not be TRUSTED it is run by Pro #EU members who are all anti #Brexit they should all be investigated for their links to the EU! The #electoralcommission is not fit to regulate #UK #democracy, Its independence requires immediate investigation! 
As I reported faithfully, UKIC assess that Russian influence on #Brexit was so great, so overwhelming, as to constitute a referendum that was not “free and fair”.  
Much the same with the press and sadly the BBC in #Brexit Britain. Democracy is under greater threat than at any time since 1945. #StopBrexit 
The corrupt #ElectoralCommission is run by Pro #EU members who are anti #Brexit! The @ElectoralCommUK can not and should not be TRUSTED!  #BBC #LBC @LBC #SKY #UK #EU @Conservatives @ConHome #ConservativeParty #Tories @UKLabour #Labour #BREXIT @LibDems 
Andy was getting his "drama" on ?..figured role playing as PM was the closest he'd ever get to being PM ? really really wanted a pic of himself on a cellphone outside a London phone booth? ...had a real itch to meet his BREXIT hero Boris Johnson ? ....  
Only four major trade deals have been struck in less time than Britain has to set up new agreements after Brexit  
25% of 18-24 year-olds voted for Brexit, but even they think the People should KEEP CONTROL of where this country's heading.Thanks @Damidude 
When your Grandchildren ask you why Scotland is chained to a Brexit EnglandLike a yard dogTreated with contemptAnd fed scrapsWhat are you going to tell them?  
There is a referendum tomorrow to get rid of the state treasurer in WI. Remember to vote NO on April 3rd so this fiscal watchdog stays on guard in Madison.  
I have a huge desire to apologise to you, your mum, your family, other Muslims, Jews, in fact anyone who isn’t a white Protestant. Our country has somehow turned into a place I no longer like. Brexit, Gvt policies, Trump effect etc really have a lot to answer for!  
The Brexit assessments the Government didn’t want released have been published – now everyone can see what they were hiding  via @LondonEconomic 
Majority of UK press (except @guardian and @Channel4News) ignor every aspect of #CambridgeAnalytica story. Same with all anti-brexit /pro-EU stories.While foreign media report the facts, we're fed distraction stories to keep us in the dark Control the media. Control the story 
Having a nice one down the pub tonight. Dunno about all this punish a Muslim malarkey but brexit means brexit  
Whatever way you look at it the UK buys more from the EU than it exports to the EU. That means that trading with the EU under WTO terms Britain will pay more in tariffs than any other EU country after #Brexit.#StopBrexit 
Waiting for the perfect time for the next referendum....There is no perfect timeThere is only nowWe only have todayWe need to move it forwardAnd #StopFannyingAroundNo one will give us IndependenceWe need to take itWe are Sovereign 
Uni of Warwick is to announce a radical series of collaborations with universities in Paris & Brussels in which the three institutions will share staff and research efforts, as well as offering joint degrees in attempt to overcome the effects of Brexit. 
So just 698+ to go then.WTF !!!?"Britain will have at least two bumper free trade deals in place after Brexit transition ends."#FBPE 
It's almost as if @BBCNews and the right-wing press don't want the public to know that the people running #Brexit campaigns were involved in a criminal conspiracy.  
Hated by the right. Despised by the left. When did wanting a free and fair society become such terrible idea?#FBPE #StopBrexit #brexit 
Reading this makes me scared for my business. Worrying about Brexit’s impact on my personal life doesn’t leave time, energy or mental strength to plan for my company...  
The HSSD referendum is on the 4/3/18 ballot. Your voice matters! Remember to exercise your right to vote. Regardless of weather, all polling stations will be open from 7:00 a.m. until 8 p.m.  
This is an amazingly risky statement by Fox. This has gone from a referendum on whether Ingraham was right in bullying a teenage mass shooting survivor to being a referendum on whether a whole network is okay with it. This will likely not go over well with advertisers.  
Hundreds of thousands of manufacturing jobs will be lost to Brexit @unitetheunionOur automotive and aerospace industries alone employ a million people between them. Whole communities will be wiped out for a generation.Lift your heads, you stand on the shoulders of giants. 
In the Disney version of Brexit I am a border collie who eventually persuades Bulldog Brexit that dividing people is a passing pleasure, leading to misery & loneliness, as I know from my own sad backstory, and the Bulldog gets a tear in his eye and says he just wanted to be loved 
If the 3/4 of the Labour Party that are against Brexit and not okay with antisemitism in the party were to declare independence in parliament, become the opposition and take the Short Money I'd campaign beyond belief for them. And many poetically homeless would. #EnoughIsEnough 
For those wondering why it's a big deal, it so happens that several other Brexit campaign groups also paid this obscure Canadian data analytics company. Deliberate co-ordination between these groups would've been illegal, so the coincidence raises big questions about the campaign 
There is no Brexit dividend. net contribution to  is about 0.4% of GDP.Once you factor in reduced growth due to #Brexit, AND increased bureaucracy replicating EU agencies, you end up with Brexit costing much more than it saves.  
Arizona: Koch Brothers Lose in Court, Seek to Quash Referendum Against Vouchers  
Scottish Independence is not Party PoliticalIt will be the will of the Sovereign Scottish PeopleWe have a mandateWe need 5% +1 voteI reckon we have been over that finish line since the Brexit voteWhat we need is the confidence to go for itStopFannyingAround#YouYesYet 
A few people like @Andrew_Adonis are publicising the issue of how scared the BBC are of the powerful Brexit lobbies and the @CommonsCMS are paying attention. But now is the time to look at foreign influence on our press & democracy. #publicenquiry 
Here’s Darren, like so many leave voters he did so out of protest against the government at the time, he did so thinking remain would win the #euref. Sadly, this govt has now taken his vote to pursue hard #brexit!Thanks for speaking out @DazzyB71 MPs must give a #FinalSay #FBPE 
President Trump has congratulated Putin and Sisi on their undemocratic re-elections, he congratulated Duterte on extrajudicial killings, and he congratulated Erdogan on the referendum that sealed authoritarian rule. (Bonus: Trump also praised China abolishing term limits for Xi.)  
From 'titanic success' to 'it won’t be as bad as Mad Max': How language of #Brexit changed @CNNI 
Brexit, approached as it has been, is unstable and illegitimate. That is not sustainable. We must go forward in with integrity. And we aren’t. And people will not just “Get over it”. Their rights are being stripped. 
The experts were right, #Brexit is already badly damaging UK's economy, #IMF tells Brexiteers 
France and Italy in FURIOUS row as Europe plans to move naval base after Brexit  
I just cannot understand why any Labour supporters would vote for Brexit when it enables these people  to cause even more austerity  
Japan says trade deal with EU is 'first priority' over deal with UK after Brexit  
.@BorisJohnson .@michaelgove - fascinated in your thoughts on this? So many questions to answer. #Brexit #CambridgeAnalytica 
I knew they had a solid plan for the Irish border! #Brexit  
Holy cow! The Express is saying Brexit is BAD for workers!!!! Could we all just take a moment to wonder at this. It’s quite something. And I think Brexiteers you should now officially be worried. Good news though is we can stop Brexit. #WATON#ABTV 
Remember all those reports claiming pro-EU bias at the BBC in the run-up to the referendum? Would it surprise you to hear they all came from the same source? This is a must-read: 
No, WWII doesn't. But Brexit politicians and media, for years, using the war to spin an anti-EU message does.  
We voted for a Brexit that meant closing borders, getting OUT of the EU and its every institution and making our own trade deals. Theresa May is out to deny every aspect of this. 
Brexit will strip young people of their rights. They must fight to #StopBrexit to keep them.“Brexit isn’t something young people will just get over. It is a profound betrayal. They were born EU citizens” - @rhiannonlucyc@OFOCBrexit #OFOC #Remain #FBPE 
No ones listening to Kevin Rolling eyes  Maguire the dweeb. Crying   everyday about Brexit, & Donald Trump you never bloody stop. You backed Labour lost, Hillary Clinton lost, stay in EU lost. Your a pundit on TV don’t think so. Couldn’t pick the winner of a one horse race. 
This is the situation facing our youth. Our Govt is starving their opportunities, the police, the NHS, schools, unis... ... whilst burning money on the Brexit bonfire and designing commemorative stamps.  
.And there you have it..... Brexit is a gift to Irish Republicans.Brexit will help them achieve what the IRA could not. "If Brexit can weaken & damage the union, then as republican revolutionaries it is our duty to take advantage of it.". 
Young people despair at losing their EU rights, but they are passive and accepting. I warn them that such passivity will very likely lead to a future in which opponents of the government are tortured and killed. #StopBrexit #Brexit #ABTV #VoteEU 
This is brilliant. Now it’s even clearer why the Irish are playing their #Brexit hand so well. A must read for anyone interested in the mechanics of Brexit.Thanks Gerry for alerting me!    
Brexit Island is starting to sound pretty grim. Think about getting your kids out while you still have the chance.  
Post-Brexit passports contract: De La Rue to appeal against decision  
On a day when it is predicted 1 in 5 manufacturing jobs in the UK will be lost to Brexit I expect you, as my union, to be looking at the bigger picture.  
The Campaign for Science & Engineering (CASE; @sciencecampaign) has a report setting out sector demands with one year to Brexit. Attracting talent is a major concern: "Organisations have started to see a decline in the flow of talent from the EU"See:  
"Science is a success story in our relationship with the EU. But Brexit uncertainty is beginning to bite.... research organisations report falls in application rates from EU nationals and candidates turning down prestigious research positions"  
They've stopped even pretending to care!Children can starve, the NHS can collapse, the poor can burn in their homes.& UK citizens in the EU after #Brexit are not their problem! #StopBrexit@BritsinGermany @BrExpatsEU @BritishInEurope @cliodiaspora @The3Million 
SOMEONE speak up for Britain! If not, I’ll do it! Fisherman destroys EU’s BONKERS Brexit demands saying: 'Britons will NOT stand for it'  
The #remain campaign was and is a cross party effort, I'm sure each and everyone of us will vote in May with many factors in mind.The top priority is to keep calm and carry on fighting Brexit regardless of party.#FBPE 
S&P 500 CLOSES BELOW 200DMA FOR FIRST TIME SINCE BREXIT.TIME TO PANIC. 
Here is the newly redesigned site. Still one or two things to do, but we hope it is easier to use and will be a resource for those that need to argue against Brexit with facts  
Let me get this straight?We're shovelling money into the all consuming #Brexit bonfire Wasting precious time & resourcesWith the guaranteed outcome of a economic damageMeanwhile parents can't afford clothes and sanitary products for their kidsWTF 
Pragmatism must underpin everything we do concerning a second independence referendum. Losing again is simply unthinkable.  
Buy British?Nah let’s Brexit, lower food standards as we sacrifice sovereignty on the table of desperation for worse trade deals than we enjoy now.Who does this man represent. It ain’t the uk!#StopBrexit#ABTV 
An amazing correction in the Observer. These things they are now backtracking on were central to their reporting on Cambridge Analytica. @carolecadwalla’s conspiracy theory is falling apart fast. Has the Observer allowed its hatred of Brexit to cloud its editorial judgement?  
I only tweet on Brexit but N Z-R's case should be supported by all. And there is a Brexit connection: our ForSec's utter incompetence has made things even worse for her & he is in post not because *anyone* thinks he is remotely up to the job but solely because of the Brexit vote  
And what is the common denominators between Brexit and Trump? Pretty amazing thinking back to all of his "support" for Brexit- none of his business really, yet he commented almost everyday. 
If someone who worked at Vote Leave HQ can support a #FinalSay on #Brexit - then @UKLabour certainly can. 
"The time for revoking Brexit has passed"Ever since the Article 50 notification, Brexit was going to happen by automatic operation of law - unless something exceptional happened.  And nothing exceptional has ever looked like happening. 
3 years ago, as HomeSecretary, did she deliver then? Will May deliver on Brexit???  
Another reminder that Brexit will make the UK a rule-taker, rather than a rule-maker. “Vote Leave and surrender all control...” - didn’t see that on the side of a bus, did you... #stopbrexit #ResisterSisters 
Funny. @TheNewEuropean on Facebook running a story about David Lammy saying that we will go off a cliff if we leave EU.Wanted to post an article showing 11,000 new jobs have been created in the city of London since the 2016 EU Referendum result.Discovered I have been blocked. 
Anti-Brexiters: this defeatist FT article sums up received wisdom of ‘where things are at’ & what the Westminster & media village thinks we should do (ie buckle under a softish Brexit & ‘move on’). I don’t agree. The best strategy to Remain is - to Remain!  
Even these idiots must think Brexit may be slipping away...  
If ever the country yearned for a strong Opposition, it is now. On the key issue of the day - Brexit - it fails to oppose and manages to lose an election against the worst Prime Minister in living memory. And now it finally scores a goal - but, needless to say, it's an own goal. 
Brexit or Remain?It surely has to be sensible, fair & reasonable, to hold a second referendum on the final options, given the ambiguity & uncertainties that the first Brexit referendum brought us?What’s your view?Please vote and retweet for a large sample size. Thank you. 
Lord Heseltine says farmers should be worried about EU subsidies post-Brexit. Lord Heseltine rakes in a cool £90,000 a year in subsidy payments for his Oxfordshire estate.  
“I worked for Vote Leave. We need a referendum on the terms of Brexit.The disturbing allegations against the campaign I supported make me want to push for a properly democratic outcome.”The public must have a #FinalSay with a choice to #StopBrexit. 
Yip almost there now Scotland's independence referendum was rigged by the British Establishment!  
I worked for Vote Leave. We need a referendum on the terms of Brexit | Dami Olatuyi | Opinion | The Guardian  
Actually it was the government that cut police numbers, gotta pay for Brexit somehow.  
But, but, but @Andrew_Adonis tells us the BBC is biased in favour of Brexit! Forsooth!  
Michael Romberg doesn’t believe Jeremy Corbyn will ever change his mind on Brexit - here he explains why.  
Granite Brexit needed.  
Here we go again TAXPAYERS set to be rinsed for £billions again!"Bill for @RBS GRG will be BIGGER THAN BREXIT BILL"#Corruption This & Cambridge Analytica &Salisbury attack & and Still this VILE government is in power!What the hell? 
Russia says it could have been in interests of Britain to poison Sergei Skripal  It Was Britain, Brexit Shambles and power grab with the intentions of a "Tory Dictatorship State." 
Oh dear. Part II of the brexit neo nazi plan. Brexit youth with nice uniforms and shiney medals, extra medal for reporting family or neighbours who openly oppose brexit. The slope gets more slippery.  
No one seems worried about the UK’s EU referendum. They are smart enough to know that Britain will remain, whatever happens, in a European free-trade zone. @BorisJohnson 
“You can’t stop me speaking!” says Blair... Oh we don’t want to, Tony. Every time you speak public opinion galvanises further towards a swift, clean Brexit! #ThankEUGoodbye #BREXIT 
The most significant issue around #Brexit facing the British and the medical profession is its workforce.EU nationals play an invaluable role in health and social care in the UK and have been vital in addressing the staff shortages seen across the #NHS. 
Ok then Tony carry on. Every time you open your big mouth about Brexit you simply swell the ranks of Leavers even more.   
I, like countless millions of my compatriots, look forward to the Great Day when the United Kingdom finally extricates itself from the entanglements of the European Union. For, we can be ourselves, enabled, empowered and emboldened. As we approach Brexit, we should be excited. 
Peter Thiel, billionaire, major donor to Trump, owner of data-analysis company Palantir said:"I no longer believe that freedom and democracy are compatible.” ('freedom' meaning unfettered capitalism)I suspect he speaks for many on the Trump-#Brexit right.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Ultimately with Brexit we are heading up shit creek. At some point, we’re going to have to reverse, whether we like it or not. 
We MUST inform our youngsters just how dangerous Brexit will be for them !!...Time is running out and so are their futures !!.... If this atrocity proceeds the devious rich Tories will make it nigh on impossible to reverse !!#FBPE #StopBrexit #StopTories 
I was always an enthusiastic viewer of/listener to @BBC programs before the advisory and gerrymandered Brexit referendum, funded by offshore tax avoiders; not any more.  
EU is about to crumble cos it's become too big, Sighting Brexit as proof of its decline. The Professor has described how anti-EU sentiment is rising across the continent as voters become increasingly frustrated with the actions of the supranational body. 
"The Fianna Fáil leader .. is not one of life’s pessimists. But he believes there is a lack of awareness in both the Republic and the UK about just how bad Brexit is going to be."Agreed.#BrexitShambles#Ireland#GFA 
We’re not too much better off with Brexit so please believe I don’t for a minute!  
BREXIT has raised serious Questions about the objectivity and Impartiality of .@BBCNews Do you think The TV Licence Should be abolished.Please RT for larger sample.. 
Why would they? Are Nats gonna engage in a debate about making the UK stronger? Until a referendum has passed Unionist efforts will be about stopping it.  
The Guardian and Independent should stop using the word 'could' to describe the possible impact of Brexit, and begin doing what people pay them to do, and report the news. The Guardian and the Independent should start using the word 'has' to describe an event.Stop speculating!. 
Don’t you want to wait & see if you’re in it? There’s a very, very short chapter entitled ‘Brexit Supporting Pundits I Still Consider To Be Honest & Decent’. 
A man threw liquid on me and tried to set me on fire saying he voted UKIP to ‘get rid of black bastards like me.’ Even the most conservative POC have felt the change in atmosphere. But yeah let’s talk about the rise in political correctness in the UK post Brexit  
Up to 16m tactically supported Labour in the last GE. This was to bolster Labour against a Tory hard Brexit. That support has not been repaid. In fact for many of us it appears to have been used as a mandate for Brexit.It will not happen again.#FBPE #StopBrexit #BREXIT 
Dear @MargaretAtwood: yesterday, Costa Rica made history. We could have had our Trump, our Brexit, our populist conservative, but people rose and voted for @CarlosAlvQ a decent and progressive person.Many Costa Rican girls voted dressed as handmaids. Thank you for the inspiration 
BTW a senior BBC corr. has DM’d me to sympathise and says the BBC *totally* needs to examine its coverage of Brexit. Happy Easter.  
NEW: @theresa_may 's constituency, 1 yr to go to #Brexit .You won't have seen/heard this on the @BBCNews or @BBCBerkshire - good job we recorded it ourselves then @mikegalsworthy .#BrexitBroadcastingCorporation#NothingRelevantHere #Maidenhead 
"That rise in political correctness that we’re seeing, it’s making the conversation very difficult to have.” This is one Sheffield artist's take on Brexit, and what this means for class and national identity.  
Coming up 7pm don’t miss it @talkRADIO #WinnieMandela #Brexit #Corbyn #Labour #Russia #SkripalAffair #Murder #London #SadiqKhan 
If you don't want Brexit Whatcha gonna do?When the local elections Come aroundDon't vote Red or BlueIf you don't want Brexit Whatcha gonna do?Kick them in the #ballotboxThat's what you're gonna do 
UK Elections Watchdog Under Fire After 40% of Board Members Display Anti-Brexit Bias   
AIQ, the controversial Canadian affiliate of Cambridge Analytica run by former Liberals staffers who worked for Brexit and Ted Cruz, worked for BC Liberals candidates in 2017 election   
There are days when I feel I have 2 choices:Embrace BrexitOrLeave the countryToday is one of these days 
Brexit: Germans Hope Russia Spy Poisoning Will Persuade Britain to Stay in EU  
'You can’t stop me speaking!' Blair claims he will NOT stop speaking out against Brexit. But No Ones listening, you hated odious person!  
Now that I have LITERALLY shown you what @BBCNews have been missing for the last 21 months will you please reflect on @BBCR4feedback and start to provide fair and impartial coverage of our campaignYou are directly accountable for the public perception of #BrexitAct responsibly  
GALLOWAY: Blair’s still calling the shots, we’re heading towards #Brexit in name only #Blair 
“Anti-Brexit campaigners insist the vote for Leave fed off and intensified anti-migrant prejudices. But even the EU’s own figures now show that this simply isn’t true.”@JimButcher2 on the myth of post-Brexit hate.  
Why does the BBC think that #Brexit is a done deal and keep referring to #Remainers as remoaners. More than half the country don't want it. Using derogatory terms is peurileI do wonder if they had to compete for funding, whether they would simply shrivel and wither on the vine. 
Russia says U.K. might have poisoned ex-spy to distract from Brexit | CBC News  
There's been an alarming rise in racism since Brexit.This has been fuelled by divisive rhetoric in the media.To have that same media brand anti-semitism an issue made worse by Corbyn - when he's always stood for tolerance & inclusivity - is not only deeply ironic but shameful. 
Jon Danzig blog, ‘Almost all of Theresa May’s current cabinet, including Mrs May, said during EUref campaign that Brexit would damage Britain-make us poorer-put security at risk & could undo our own union of four countries of the UK.’ So why are they doing it? Please share widely 
Anybody else looking forward to hormone-treated beef madras or spicey-chlorinated chicken burgers from Wetherspoons after #Brexit ?  
Fear is what we #remainers feel about #Brexit Fear is what #leavers feel about the way it is being handled by the governmentNo one is getting what they wanted, so why not remove #fear from ALL of us and #StopBrexit?#StopBrexitSaveBritain #ABTV #WATON #FBPE #follow5001 
This tweet would have outed you as an absolute imbecile, if previous tweets had not done the job already.The intelligence behind Brexit, God help us all! 
Bipartisan referendum supporting overturning Citizens United on the ballot in Wisconsin   
If you want to help combat the bias of BBC ,STV,MSM you need to help support the alternative media.This really needs your support.Please read and share, time is short the referendum will be upon us soon, we need to be ready. 
London is set to retain its dominance as the world’s premier financial centre 'despite Brexit' uncertainty, according to analysis of company flotations data by EY  
If we have school tomorrow, I will vote no for the referendum #joinme #noschoolyesvote @HSSD 
Blair says: "You can't stop me speaking" about Brexit. Believe me mate, we don't want you to stop. You're literally more toxic than Hillary Clinton. PLEASE keep it up! >>   
Very disappointed in BBC lack of coverage of the many politicians campaigners and thousands of members of the public opposing Brexit. When are WE going to get a fair hearing? Why is Farage on QT 32x, and seen throwing dead fish when thousands marching across the UK are ignored? 
It has been mooted (Grauniad Opinion, today) that we should have another referendum with 4 options. It's premature to ask now, as we don't yet know the "deal", but we have a pretty clear indication: 
Most people in the UK don't want brexit. 63% did not choose the option leave. Many of those who did have either changed their minds or were manipulated by lies, dirty money, propaganda, cheating or the cyber manipulation of Cambridge Analytica.  
Public opinion on #Brexit is shifting, albeit slowly. But let’s not be complacent. There is still a lot of work to do to build a decisive majority for #Remain ahead of any #FinalSay. Keep up the good work! #FBPE #FinalSayForAll 
If this UK government had, as Lavrov is claiming, attempted Skripal poisoning to cover for Brexit, they would have baked Novichok into a cake, then accidentally eaten it themselves before standing on a rake and squashing the leftovers into their own faces  
If the BBC wants to ignore the huge Brexit protests 10s of thousands should be outside the windows while The One Show is being broadcast live. 
Hang on a minute, the #ElectoralCommission has been accused of anti-#Brexit bias? Quelle surprise!    #BBC #LBC @LBC #SKY #UK #EU @Conservatives #TORY @ConHome @theresa_may #ConservativeParty #Tories @UKLabour #Labour #LabourParty #BREXIT @LibDems #UKIP 
On this damp and dreary bank holiday I extend this message to the Passport to Pimlico mob. Your dream of Brexit is a shambolic nightmare. You voted for what you were told to believe, you will suffer for your delusions, just as we all will. Now, back to your Dunkirk on ITV4. 
The pro-government stance of most of the British media is a clear indication that the UK is already well on the way to becoming a Putinist 'managed democracy'. We are not merely fighting to #StopBrexit. We are fighting to save our democracy. #FBPE #Brexit  
What an absolute disappointment this current Labour party have turned out to be.Brexit is probably the easiest policy ever, with which to tear the Tories apart and they do nothing.Parliament is conspiring against the best interests of its own people.#FBPE #ABTV 
I worked for Vote Leave. We need a referendum on the terms of #Brexit | Dami Olatuyi  
Friends! Join the dots!Robbie Gibb - 'the 4th Bee Gee' - has now seized total control of the Brexit-supporting BBC!But when Our Adenoids mentioned this to the closet Brexiter, Gina Miller, she just laughed and said 'I think you may need a rest, Andrew!'Talk about deluded!  
Why is the Irish border proving such a Brexit sticking point? Here's a quick guide  
At a guess I would say it's because you spout unsubstantiated nonsense about #Brexit constantly, attacking the result before being disproved combined with pretending to be concerned about democracy despite making no effort to investigate the remain campaign. Maybe. @GuidoFawkes 
An EU report itself states that ‘UK attitudes towards immigration and free movement are noticeably more positive than before the referendum on June 2016’  
The clear thinkers ( ie not Tony Blair) now agree, that #Brexit means Brexit. Time to get behind it and make s success of it.  
FYI, @johnredwood MP on BBC Parliament at 3.10pm. A repeat of his excellent Brexit lecture.  Worth watching if you missed it first time round. A positive Brexiteer who hasn't thrown in the towel !For original daily #Brexit news, try:  
BREXIT: Brexit will strip young people of their rights. They must fight for them /#EU #Brexit  
Russia's foreign minister claims Britain may have poisoned spySergei Lavrov said the attack may have been "beneficial" to the British Government to distract attention away from Brexit!!!  
Brexit will strip young people of their rights. They must fight for them | Rhiannon Lucy Cosslett  
This is for all UK citizens, not just those in the EU27. Did anyone really vote to have their own rights diminished? Petition: Protect UK Citizens' existing Freedom of Movement rights in Brexit negotiations  
Politics in the UK is a corrupt stinking cesspit. Don't tell me Scotland's independence referendum was not rigged!  
I’m surprised @SadiqKhan hasn’t blamed London’s record murder rate on Brexit 
#BBCBrexit panel in #Cheshire...which voted #Leave: 1. What's the one word that comes to you re: #Brexit- "Lies. "2. "How do you feel about what's gone on so far in relation to Brexit?"Everyone laughs.3. "Anyone feel optimistic?" Silence.No faith in either Party re: #Brexit 
It makes me so mad that the billions being wasted on Brexit could/should be used to tackle such deprivation. Just unbelievable that people still keep voting FOR austerity. I despair of this country 
"Brexit is impossible to deliver and it’s not too late to stop it. Remainers have every reason to be hopeful." - @BremainInSpain's Sue Wilson #StopBrexit 
The Cambridge Analytica story is important because MPs are more likely to come out against Brexit if it emerges that the Leave campaign was illegal.It demolishes the 'will of the people' argument - which is the only argument left. 
Brexit be like ...  
We must stand up for the British Fishermen. Mrs May, if ‘Brexit means Brexit’ then let’s get our fishing waters back. Only UKIP is fully behind a REAL Brexit. @fishingforleave#ForTheNation 
As with Ireland, Brexit Ultras have a dreamy, misty-eyed, but wholly inaccurate and deluded view of Canada’s actual view of the UK.  
NHS dentist numbers fall in Scotland, with Brexit blamed. No one voted for this, brexit has many unexpected consequences.  
Cambridge Analytica unfolding! What do you think can happen? Follow story @carolecadwalla for explosive verified revelations! #CambridgeAnalytica #FBPE #BrexitShambles #VoteLeave #Brexit #marr  #PMQs #bbcdp #bbcqt 
That feeling of powerlessness you have regarding Brexit? That feeling of your life being changed irrevocably & you can do nothing about it? That's how disabled people feel when their essential benefits for living the most basic of existence felt when the Tories took them away. 
I wrote this. #brexit The myth of a post-Brexit surge in hate  
A good Brexit will take time and hard work. All the more reason not to waste the next 12 months negotiating with ourselves, writes @MissVHewson 
#cdnpoli poll time. Based on the behavior of Pamela Wallin, Mike Duffy, and other Harper appointed Senators like Denise Batters and Linda Frum, is it time for a formal recall process for Senators to be put into place? Either through parliament or referendum. Yes or No. #SenCA 
This is not an abortion referendum. We have abortion already (though it is illegal or happens elsewhere), this is a ref to decide how we treat people who are pregnant.Do we believe preg ppl should have the right to consent?Do we think women shd be able to access healthcare here? 
Fish merchant tells @BBCWorldatOne that fishing in Cornwall has seen a revival since 1970s ( i.e while UK in EU) & that ‘Cornish sardines’ (EU ‘geog indicator’ for pilchards) are being exportedCounterweight to normal ‘#Brexit celeb’ fisheries story (not that that point was made) 
This is @SadiqKhan London and all he’s worried about is foreigners getting a fair deal in #Brexit  
"REVEALED: Secret dossier shows what top firms REALLY think about Brexit, head office moves and EU workers"Short version, brexit is going to be a shit show for all but the mega rich#FinalSay#FinalSayForALL#StopBrexitSaveBritain#FBPE#ABTV 
*Brexit Explained*  
Friends! Impressive!London's murder rate has overtaken New York's, despite Brexit *and* Trump!And here's some comforting news for you all:Our Thought Police remain 100% committed to tracking down all the dangerous criminals who write Hate Tweets about how pathetic they are.  
Brexit Britain is a hideously intolerant place   
Good stuff- here was my constructive suggestion about how the BBC can fix itself to be a resource of quality, consensus-based, public information on complex areas like Brexit: 
Before the Brexit referendum I took the EU for granted, I voted Tory because that's what I always did without question, I read the newspaper headlines without challenge. If there is a #brexitdividend then it is that I no longer take things for granted, I have found my voice 1/2 
I worked for Vote Leave. We need another referendum on Brexit’s terms | Dami Olatuyi  
Fed up with being cooped up in ‘the room’, the Irish Border Elephant goes on a tour of Brexit Britain. 2018.  
This is it! Tomorrow is the day we’ve all been waiting for! Vote for #DalletOnTheBallot and #VoteNo for the referendum. On Wisconsin! #ES4WI Wisconsin Supreme Court race, referendum on eliminating state treasurer and key local races on Tuesday ballots 
“I hope that there is a police investigation into Vote Leave. This is me trying to shake everyone: ‘They’re fucking with you, you’re not questioning it.’” Brexit whistleblower @shahmiruk to @georgeeaton about the need for another EU referendum: 
All the worse given that, as Grayling should know, much of our EU budget contribution already comes back to support farming, projects, research & skills etc, & in period to 2030, relative to staying in the EU, UK economy will be smaller , post-Brexit with impact on tax receipts.  
As one of the 100 or so accredited international visitors during the Catalan referendum, I can confirm that none of us were paid to be there. We were there simply to defend a democratic vote (that was later hijacked by authoritarian policing) and to make sure there was no fraud  
What a torrid performance by Grayling. No straight answers to a very basic question. Suggests he knows the answer - Brexit brings no benefits. 
Lest we forgetEvery day now until 3rd MayAnti Brexit Tactical Vote#ABTV#ABTV#ABTV#ABTV#ABTV#ABTV#ABTV#ABTV#ABTV#ABTV#ABTV#ABTV#ABTV#ABTV#ABTV#ABTV#ABTV#ABTV#ABTV#ABTV#ABTV#ABTV#ABTV#ABTV#ABTV#ABTV#ABTV#ABTV#ABTV#ABTV#ABTV#ABTV#ABTV#fbpe 
Applies to #Brexit, too.There is no known model that indicates that #Brexit will be a win for the UK.#TheresaMay & #JeremyCorbyn know this. They've seen the data,the analysis and the forecasts.What's their responsibility to the nation..its standing & future?#BankHolidayMonday 
In all the Easter hubbub, I forgot to commemorate the 6-month anniversary of the independence referendum yesterday. Endavant! Visca la República! 
From this point on I will require a minimum of 20 documented hours of work on the campaign before listening to anyone's input on what will win or lose a referendum 
Here's what could unite the UK:#1 We let Theresa May secure the best Brexit deal she can#2 This deal/plan for Brexit is published #3 It's reviewed by the National Audit Office and the Office for Budget Responsibility#4 We vote on it as a nation, based on one set of facts 
Chlorinated chicken and hormone-treated beef accompanied by Genetically Modified vegetables post Brexit .Your Sunday dinner with the compliments of Liam Fox 
I suspect UK's asks are give us a deal, any deal, so we can say it 'proves' that all the Brexit blather about Global Britain making trade deals isn't the nonsense that it is.  
What's the government's Brexit plan?1. Put off concluding a Brexit deal until AFTER we leave the EU.2. Thereby avoid a "meaningful" vote on accepting or rejecting the deal.3. Negotiate a new deal during transition.4. Make that deal law using Henry VIII powers.Simple really  
The cheating that gave Leave a narrow referendum victory (allowing them to put millions more racist images in front of the British people) makes the referendum result invalid.  
A group of #French kids join our protest on #EUsuperheroday @no10vigil outside Downing Street and tell #TheresaMay what they think of #Brexit"Brexit sucks! We need to be united"Then they all shout:"ARRETEZ LE #BREXIT!"Solidarity with the European youth! #WeAreEuropean#FBPE pic.twitter.com/hBs4swxG7H 
Brexit Sunday roast: chlorinated chicken served with hormone-treated beef. Yum.   
The Tories are using the term "will of the people" in a very similar way to Goebbels after a Nazi referendum victory in 1933. #StopBrexit #VoteEU #ABTV #Brexit  
My sources with links to UK intelligence, and these are senior sources, have NEVER MENTIONED Aggregate IQ as being a concern. They know Russian bots and memes targeted and threw #Brexit. Wylie is leaving Russia out of the conversation - as you’d expect from a Snowden fanboy! End. 
Bloomberg says Brexit is a disaster for UK banks - big time.  
Brexit: Japan says trade deal with EU is a greater priority than deal with UK.‘A lot of Japanese companies are concerned with the prospect of the Brexit,' senior minister warns.So much for “trade deals on day one”. We need a #FinalSay to #StopBrexit. 
Sean Curran - If you were to take over UK negotiations with the EU what would you do differently? Lord Heseltine - I'd pull the negotiators back & apologise for the waste of time & confront the people with another referendum.. which I'd hope to win.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
Carole Cadwalladr is doing outstanding work. She is blowing the trumpet that will make the walls of Jericho - aka Brexit - come tumbling down. 
The U in UK is among the first casualties of Brexit. 
Call by @carolynleckie for 3-option referendum on EU after indy. Mind you, we might need one on monarchy too. Precedent in Norway where they voted on indy, monarchy & which language to speak! Great, savvy article.  
From documents released last week by DCMS committee. Kanto is @TBorwick's company. He also beat up on the "Brexit Saboteurs"  
How big a loss will Brexit prove for Britain's banks? Here's a guide to what we know so far  
Quite. No such thing as 'EU money', but the Common Agricultural Policy system is fundamentally flawed, paying landowners like Lord Heseltine for the amount of land they have and driving perverse outcomes. @michaelgove is right to look at reforming it post-Brexit.  
John Redwood: EU gets it, and decides to become more giving & forgiving!Last time the EU succeeded in crushing a UK PM in negotiations it led directly to the vote to Leave the EU.This time it could lead to an EARLY Exit without ANY Deal.#Brexit #EU 
Your daily reminder that those who believe Brexit is wrong have been in the majority since late 2017.#FBPE 
The vehemently anti-Brexit Lord Heseltine says farmers “should be worried about taking a hit to subsidies,” well he would say that, wouldn’t he?Hezza has his nose firmly in the EU's CAP trough, raking in £90,000 a year for his Oxfordshire estate.  
Very saddening, we must stop Brexit before it breaks Britain.“It’s hard to see how anybody could sanely vote for anything that would make the business more difficult. They see the cars coming down the line, they see how many are going abroad, they see where the parts come from"  
Good debate on the then Government's EU referendum leaflet. Read to here.  
Moderate Tory peers central to the fight against Brexit, led by the wonderful quartet of Ros Altmann, the Duke of Wellington (yes - more anon), Chris Patten and Lord Hailsham, son of the Lord Chancellor who inveighed against the 'elective dictatorship' behind Brexit today  
Frank, broad & honest critique of #Brexit from Tory MEP @CharlesTannock. Why do we have to go to French media to hear from this guy?! @BBCNews @BBCr4today @bbcquestiontime @BBCNewsnight @BBCPolitics  via @FRANCE24 
Hey @UKLabour, you emailed me as a member "help write our manifesto". When I search your policy documents for "Brexit" the result is attached. If you won't address my concerns over the most vital issue of a generation you aren't serious about it.  
A great mistake in life is not to believe extremists when they say what they mean. When Margaret Thatcher said 'there is no such thing as society' & the European Union is 'a new super state', SHE MEANT IT. My Labour friends need to understand this & get real about stopping Brexit 
Brexit is personal Mrs May @theresa_may. It affects lives on a personal level, hubands and wives and their children Mrs May. It doesn't get any more personal than this. Did you listen to these stories on your epic tour Mrs May. Will you listen? 
A lot of Leave voters say ‘Stop complaining, it’s democracy!’ Well democracy doesn’t always work. If five people democratically elect to take your iPhone, it’s a mugging.#FBPE #StopBrexit #brexit 
Pretty sick of SNP voters telling me that No voters have changed their minds due to brexit. So tell me, No voters, have you changed your minds on Indy? Please RT and comment. 
Yougov poll shows 45% think it is wrong to Leave the EU against 42% thinking it is right.It is an affront to democracy to drive through a massive change like #Brexit against majority opinion. #StopBrexit #FBPE #VoteEU #ABTV 
No doubt from my own sources the beginning of British Brexit Corporation had its origins here.  
Friends! That's nothing!My own analysis is far more impressive:(a) Literally no-one now wants Brexit.(b) Literally everyone who voted Leave would now vote Remain.(c) Over 100% of Our Non-Voters will vote Remain.(d) 112% of Our Climate Scientists want Our Second Referendum.  
Christopher Wylie, the Cambridge Analytica whistle-blower, testified that the outcome of the Brexit vote may well have been different if not for “cheating” that involved a Canadian data firm closely tied to Cambridge Analytica.  
Australia to demand Britain accepts hormone-treated beef as the price of a Brexit trade deal.Please RT if you don’t want your family eating hormone-treated Brexit beef and chlorinated chicken.We’re better off if we #StopBrexit and #Remain in the EU. 
No, we won’t win this if we allow England’s Brexit institutions, which now include the BBC alas, to rule unchecked. But I love the postbox pic on your homepage!  
Disgusted at #Tory Govt's non-response to the #SCL / #CambridgeAnalytica / #AggregateIQ #Brexitgate scandal? Then give them a kick in the ballots! Don't vote for them in #localelections2018. Send a message by voting for anti-#Brexit parties #ABTVMay 3 @The3Million can vote too! 
Desperate for a deal @LiamFox is held to ransom:- Sod animals, pump them with hormones- Sod consumers, let them eat carcinogenic beef- Sod the environment, trade with the other side of the world- Sod farming communities, undercut themBrexit bonuses? 
Staying in the EU means we don't eat hormone treated beef. But not to worry, as Brexit means we can import lots of the stuff from  Australia!  
Lets get real. We cant justify taxpayer $$ on a referendum for a republic simply to change the head of state. Its not a priority.$$ could be spent on schools/hospitals. The priority must be a FN Voice to Parliament that’ll actually hav an impact on ppl’s lives, health & wellbeing 
READ: Australia is preparing to demand that Britain accepts hormone-treated beef as the price of a symbolic early Brexit trade deal (£)  
Let's assume you normally vote for Labour or the Conservatives. It's OK, most people do.What possible harm could it do if just this once you voted Lib Dem or Green, just to send your party a message that Brexit is wrong?Against Brexit? Vote TACTICAL. #ABTV 
Winston Churchill was one of the greatest men of the 20th century. Today he'd be banned from the UK for his honest, insightful opinions. The UK govt now censors virtually any truth migrants dislike or deny.Sharia is taking root.Brexit won't change that.England is lost. 
Your daily reminder that parliament won't ever get a "meaningful" vote on the Brexit deal, because the deal on our new relationship won’t be completed until after we've left.#FBPE 
#ABTV stands for Anti-Brexit Tactical Voting.Bad local election results will make the Brexit-backing parties take note.Vote for ANY party other than Conservative, Labour or UKIP. 
I think Labour will get most of the blame. Most of their voters are Remainers and in a hung Parliament a different leader could have ended Brexit.  
Those fabulous trade deals Brexit offers. "Could I have a Big Mac with some trenbolone acetate and mayo, please."  
Important...never give up...never surrender...pile on the pressure...#Brexit ain't a done deal.Binding #FinalSayForAll with the option to #StopBrexitSaveBritain May 3rd 2018 vote for parties allowing a #FairVoteNow #FairVote#ABTV 
To the one million EU citizens across our city: you are Londoners, you are welcome here & at City Hall we're making it easier for you to access the information you need to stay in the UK after Brexit.  #LondonIsOpen 
Since Aug 17 polling has shown that the majority of U.K. voters think leaving the EU is the wrong decision.  This includes many of those who abstained and voted leave in 16 who are #Remainernow Given its clear #brexit is bad for U.K. why not #stopbrexit? 
GALLOWAY: Tony Blair's still calling the shots. We're heading towards Brexit in name only, says @georgegalloway."I now have no confidence that anything but a Brexit in name only will pass the House and quite possibly not even that."   
Funnily enough Mickey Harte doesn’t have a vote in the Republic of Ireland, doesn’t really make sense to have him as a figurehead telling people how to vote in a referendum that has absolutely nothing to do with him #repealthe8th 
Poll: Do you want Irish unity referendum? How would you vote? 
The prospect of #Brexit is causing 20% of manufacturers to plan to cut  #Jobs and 58% of them to raise #prices 
6 more countries want EU membership. Brussels agrees - but not right away and not without change  
The EU has similar characteristics to the Soviet Union and will suffer a similar fate within a generation, says Brexit-supporting Professor Gwythian Prins  
First America and chlorine-washed chicken. Now Australia wants to force us to import hormone-treated beef as price of post-Brexit trade deal. Welcome to Global Britain.  
A new survey highlights how Brexit is undermining London's status as a financial hub  
MisReporting Scotland recently......blatantly and repeatedly without edit, misrepresenting FM on HGV drivers in snow, Brexit Tories & forgiveness - and referring to your likelihood of getting your food served by "EU nationals".Careless or insidious? 
Just want to make this perfectly clear to the idiots saying referendum result could have been different because of 'cheating'...I voted LEAVE after 40 years of living under EU and forming a balanced opinion, at the first chance I had to voice itNOT because anyone brainwashed me 
I am sure the vast majority of the population do not realise this is happening. Retirement home in Spain? dream job for grand son in Milan? work and live in Paris, freely travel across europe. The reality of Brexit needs to be made clear to people  #StopBrexit 
Lord Heseltine says farmers should be worried about taking a hit to subsidies after #Brexit given Gove’s approach /  
Yes, you made a complete Brexit of it  
I fear for democracy in the UK. The issue is wider than Brexit.Crucial democratic norms are being weakened Norms like accepting your opponent as legitimate; accepting rule of law; not lying At heart of this sickness is our media which fails to hold to account or is complicit 
An electoral shock might make the Labour leadership change its mind and take up the pro-EU stance of the majority of its voters and members. Voting Labour on May 3 will only convince the Labour leadership they can take Remainer votes for granted.#StopBrexit #VoteEU #ABTV #Brexit 
There was no referendum vote to remove EU Freedom of Movement. There will be no debate in parliament, Our Right to live work and study across 30 countries will be stolen with no mandate whatsoever. #Brexit is robbery.#StopBrexit #FBPE #VoteEU 
If any of our local MPs would like to know how the mood of the people of #Leeds & #Yorkshire has changed regarding #Brexit since the referendum, may we suggest they watch this short video:  
Japan says trade deal with EU is 'first priority' over deal with UK after Brexit  
For those of you who were unable to make it to the #GreatNorthernMarch last weekend, may we commend to you this excellent video which gives you a sense of the scale of the march & rally. #Leeds #Brexit  
Job cuts, production slowdowns and perhaps closures. Brexit is scaring Britain's car industry  
This isn't the right message. We risk dividing the anti-Brexit vote with the bewildering numbering of anti-Brexit vanity project one-man-and-his-dog parties that seem to get launched every week. There is only one viable alternative: @LibDems 
#LocalElections turnout usually ~33%. In 2017 it was only 29%. What happened? #Tory landslide. Why? 'Cos older voters & cranks show-up to vote. #LE2018 May3rd = HUGE opportunity for #Remainers & .@The3Million Register. Show up. Cast an anti-#Brexit vote. Send a message! #WATON 
"If we don’t stop Brexit, we will become a twilight zone on the edge of Europe and anyone who can leave will leave."  
Is the @BBC abdicating its responsibilities over #Brexit, asks Henry Porter:   
'Arrogant' EU trade bloc to COLLAPSE like Soviet Union after Brexit warns academic  
The government is failing dismally in its duty to protect UK science from #BrexitThe report makes little effort to hide its scepticism about Brexit & the government’s handling of it so far.#StopBrexit #FBPE  
Britain is taking a journey into the unknown and frustration about Brexit is felt all over the country  
Chlorine-washed chicken from America. Hormone-fed beef from Australia. 'Global UK' has control of nothing. The cost of your precious #Brexit 
Just catching up with this now. It's a must-read. #brexit #FBPE 
Australia is preparing to demand that Britain accepts hormone-treated beef as the price of a symbolic early Brexit trade deal  
Impressive analysis of polling info that shows: (a) Brexit is not the will of the people (b) An ever growing number of Leave voters are becoming #Remainernow (c) Most non-voters at #euref would vote Remain (d) Remain should win a vote on the deal!  
The UK choses an excellent time to become a minnow in a very large pond of aggressive sharks. - #Brexit @Open_Britain @FFSake_ @Scientists4EU 
Polly Toynbee: These ultras are grimly fearful because, along with David Davis, they are being forced to face Brexit realities, with red lines crossed, hefty bills to be paid, cleaving to vital EU agencies if we can, & border issues unresolved. Keep pressure on to #StopBrexit 
"Two years ago no serious political analysts anywhere in the world gave Leave a prayer. Yet we won."  Read our compelling #Brexit analysis of why we must all fight on:  
When this Irish referendum is over, and the Irish people have voted to not strip away the rights of pre-born children, I'll give a specific example of how the repeal campaign inadvertently gave a helping hand. #LoveBoth #savethe8th #JoinTheRebellion 
"In 20 years the EU has made €1 TRILLION EUROS selling goods to the UK." Read our EXCLUSIVE report here: #Brexit Facts4EU - daily, original, fact-based research and analysis.... even on Easter Monday!  
Of course the ultras are afraid: their Brexit now looks toxic | Polly Toynbee The Brexiters have good reason to be worried. It's not going to plan & the destination they promised is an impossible dream. 
The most recent YouGov poll, conducted one year from the date in 2019 when the UK officially leaves the European Union, shows that a majority of British people now regret voting for Brexit  
Of course the ultras are afraid: their Brexit now looks toxic | Polly Toynbee  
Of course the ultra #Brexiteers are afraid: their #Brexit now looks toxicThey are being forced to face Brexit realities, with red lines crossed, hefty bills to be paid and border issues unresolved#StopBrexit #FBPE  
Of course the ultras are afraid: their Brexit now looks toxic: Another heartfelt article by @pollytoynbee . But don’t give up Polly we can still stop this damaging folly...  
A senior Japanese Minister has said that Japan is more focused on securing  a major trade deal with the EU than pursuing an agreement with a post-Brexit Britain. Japan, a major investor in the UK, would prefer if we stayed in the Single Market... #BrexitShambles #r4today 
Oh dear, Brexitteers, look at this Japan prefers to do deals with the world's biggest free-trading bloc But you promised that everyone was "queuing up" to do deals with global Britain .....160 000 people's jobs already on the line because of Brexit 
"When the UK voted to leave the EU many Brits asked if I regretted leaving the States for the xenophobia & isolationism of Brexit Britain. But if it was xenophobia & isolationism I wanted to run away from, I wouldn’t be running toward America." @garyyounge 
Micheal Martin: "Brexit cannot be used as a battering ram for [Irish] unity, or a platform for unity." “Brexit should be about bread and butter." Does he see any chance of a British change of mind? He shakes his head.. “Only when the damage happens."  
The price of Brexit pt.94 - hormone forced beef the price of Australian trade deal. Could make beef cheaper says Fox.  Do read the non-denial denial at the end. 
City’s Brexit transition deal is nothing to be cheered  
Brexit simplified v @prewar41 
'Arrogant' EU trade bloc to COLLAPSE like Soviet Union after Brexit warns academic  
Brexit: ships that don't pass in the night - on Brexit day chemical tankers to Europe will stop sailing. Then we'll get some small entertainment from the shock and outbreak of those who should have known , but couldn't be bothered to find out...  #Brexit.  
Scandalous that Brexit is seen as a done deal by tame BBC and most media. More than half the country opposes a move that will shrivel UK’s economy and status 
You would have to be certifiable to rely on polling commissioned by the Express. The truth is that public opinion had been turning against Brexit for some time, & that’s the prompt for the Remainer majority in Parliament to act to stop the Brexit madness. 
I seem to be slipping, but being overtaken by the brilliant, fearless @Femi_Sorry and arch destroyer of EU myths @RCorbettMEP is truly a great pleasure.Seriously, this is a great list of people to follow on Brexit that @nik_haidar puts together. 
Read and weep, after grim chuckles at some of the quotations: 11 Brexit promises the government quietly dropped 
Same as I do every day Mrs May @theresa_may. Tweeting my disgust at your Brexit. Expressing my disgust at being treated with contempt. Counting the days until I can place my vote & it won't be for you or for Corbyn.  
English is a Germanic Language. ...West Germanic in fact .... But stil,l I do love, blinkered jingoism - sort of the cuteness the Brexit catastrophy needs :))  
The Brexit assessments the Government didn’t want released have been published – now everyone can see what they were hiding  via @LondonEconomic 
I can't see what Mensch/Bagshaw/Nastybiotics is tweeting now, as all her crazy alters have blocked me. But my guess is that now caught in the pincer of #Brexit #Trump #Russia - all her contradictions are falling apart, loudly and crudely 
A referendum in Scotland without Section 30 would NOT be illegal. It just means WM wouldn't participate. But it would still be legal. And you're right, a YES vote would set us up for a constitutional crisis but we're there anyway coz of #Brexit  
How do you think the Brexit negotiations will pan out? Please Retweet for a larger sample. Thanks. 
A majority of British people regret voting for BrexitThe most recent @YouGov poll shows that a majority of British people now regret voting for Brexit.The majority now want to #Remain in the EU. Let’s #StopBrexit and fund our NHS instead. #FBPE. 
The AIQ code suggests, in detail, something which both Trump, Bannon and Leave EU have always suggested - #Brexit was a trial run for the US Presidency. @chrisinsilico 
BBC Scotland this year have now twisted our FM wording on 2 occasions to make it appear she is attacking the public. This is no accident.FM said...those who supported (Brexit) would never be forgiven' FM actually aimed fire at the British GovTime for a mass boycott of the BBC  
No story about the abuse of young girls doesn't turn into a referendum on how it's the girl's fault for not stopping the predator sooner and stopping the abuse of more young girls, whew, don't abusers get off the hook for their behavior quickly. 
According to @LiamFox, "the beauty of a referendum is that every voter has an equal voice & every vote has equal weight".The ugliness of First Past the Post is that voters have unequal voices and some votes are worth many times more than others.#MakeElectionsBeautiful 
Indeed in many cases it will be LibDem - in some it will be other anti-brexit parties - but send this message loudly - there are enough of us to elect people who are pro-EU & that will also undermine the local base of many MPs who are ignoring this & hoping it will go away. #ABTV 
Make no mistake the UK Parliament cannot ignore this and wish it was shoved under a blanket.  This is huge for every single voter #Brexit #BrexitShambles @theSNP @ScotNational #AggregateIQ :the obscure Canadian tech firm and the Brexit data riddle  
Strong clues here - 50m, Zip codes instead of post codes - to indicate the AIQ #Brexit data derived from the Facebook data breach @chrisinsilico @carolecadwalla @AdamRamsay @PeterKGeoghegan @justinhendrix @WendySiegelman @RVAwonk @profcarroll 
Draft design for the new UK passport post-Brexit.  Made in France. #montypython #brexit #aprilfools 
May Local Elections are a significant indicator for major parties prior to any National vote. Please indicate where your current and indeed potential General Election vote may fall I have excluded LibDem for control reasons equals Tactical#LE2018 #Brexit #Labour #Conservatives 
IMF tells Brexiteers: The experts were right, Brexit is already badly damaging the UK's economy. My own thoughts are that technical arguments like this do not count with Brexiteers.  They are more concerned with emotion and patriotism  
Stuart McDonald #SNP MP, demanded to know why the promise not to require Comprehensive Sickness Insurance was missing from the draft #Brexit transition deal if it had been “waived”. 2/2 
“...Frankly, our first and foremost priority at the moment is the early effectuation of the Japan-EU economic partnership agreement. Brexit...” —Japan says trade deal with EU is a greater priority than deal with UK - The Independent  
Brexit will be stopped 
Scotland has suffered the same since 1707 especially since 2012. I don't remember you complaining in the run up to Scotland's independence referendum! 
New poll showed a majority of voters would back a second Brexit vote if evidence emerged of 'cheating'. The YouGov survey for the pro-remain Best For Britain campaign found that 49 per cent would support a new vote, with 30 per cent against.  #FBPE 
POLL: A majority of British people regret voting for Brexit@theresa_may @andrealeadsom @BorisJohnson @michaelgove@Jacob_Rees_Mogg @DavidDavisMPCan you read? The majority no longer support #Brexit so #StopBrexitSaveBritain via @BIfrance 
Irish Reunification and Scottish Independence are the logical ends to Brexit. Now if we'd had a vote on shall we break up the Union, I bet the answer would have been No.  
INSIGHT: One year to go and Brexit still divides  via @ReutersTV Check the latest update in our #Brexit tracker  
A year later. Brexit has reduced our living standards, divided us, made our country feel small and mean. It is just the beginning.Thanks again to the 52, you were right to vote against triggering Article 50. We need you again now, and we need many more besides.#StopBrexit 
“Brexit and Britain’s two-faced ruling class” 
I've been around for 37 years. The last three have been the worst I've ever known. The fabric of our society is being eviscerated. Hatred, bigotry & intolerance is now so prevalent it has become an acceptable norm. What has happened to this country? #Brexit 
Occam's razor. The reason the Spanish state is on a warpath to prevent a Catalan referendum is because they think they will lose. 
If I were the Queen, I would not be pleased by the way Boris Johnson and the rest of Theresa May’s #Brexit government are trashing Britain’s reputation overseas. pic.twitter.com/6O3nmyBeDr 
'Brexodus' postponed and London city stations getting quiet. Reuters tracks #Brexit  via @ReutersTV Read the report from @AndyMacaskill  
For academics who say that, because Brexit is a matter of High State, the Courts should not presume to challenge the Government’s flouting of the UK’s constitution, we have a simple message: Happy Easter , friends. Stay strong, stay true. 
Here are some very good reasons to campaign for the biggest possible vote for pro-EU parties in the May 3 local elections.#StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexit #VoteEU 
Disgusted by all the stories of long-term British residents, many of whom came as children from the West Indies, now being told by the Home Office that they are illegal and must leave. Such is @theresa_may’s #Brexit Britain. Don’t just turn away; one day they might come for you.  
Tory Brexiters don't want to return sovereignty to the British people or Parliament, they want to put huge areas of British life including the #NHS into the hands of tax-dodging multinationals and the global super-rich. #BrexitBetraysBritain#StopBrexit #Brexit #VoteEU 
The most recent YouGov poll, conducted one year from the date in 2019 when the UK officially leaves the European Union, shows that a majority of British people now regret voting for Brexit.#StopBrexit2018 #FinalSayForAll #FBPE #Remain 
I fear for democracy in the UK. The issue is wider than Brexit.Crucial democratic norms are being weakened Norms like accepting your opponent as legitimate; accepting rule of law; not lying At heart of this sickness is our media which fails to hold to account or is complicit  
No, we've been organise for months and we always knew we could win because brexit makes little sense. We just saw that first, others are following our lead.#StopBrexit 
At 0:36, there’s about as perfect a visual representation of Brexit that you could ever ask for, really.  
Another Brexit myth trashed.They will keep cutting the prediction until they realise that those leaving will have been compensated by new jobs and banks coming to the City of London:City cuts estimate of pre-Brexit exodus in half 
Splyce wins 3-0, the Union Jack descends from the ceiling, the national anthem is being belted out and then Barry Stanton comes out to interview them after. #brexit 
Exactly. If there were a General Election tomorrow, why would you want an exact rerun of GE2017. I voted Labour last time and had my vote deliberately misconstrued as a mandate for a Labour Hard Brexit. It wont happen again. #StopBrexit #FBPE #ABTV 
Heaven forbid that the news, for once reports about the anti-Semitism in the @UKLabour and breaks its anti #Brexit agenda for a few hours   
Why 'alarm'? Why not a rallying cry? Brexit raises valid questions about the wisdom of the extent of supra-national law. That law will be strengthened if its supporters can answer them. If they believe their position to be strong, this is an opportunity, not cause for alarm.  
Which is why so many marched against Brexit last weekend, unreported by #BrexitBroadcastingCorporation 
Simon Kuper: ‘The populist policy of Brexit has made the populist claim come true: Britain’s elite lies. And this will worsen after Brexit’  
The BBC is guilty of shutting down the Brexit debate. I have been to marches with hundreds of thousands and not a mention by the state broadcaster. This is not representative of the license payers. 
TUC bureaucrat labels pro Brexit trade unionists as 'fascists' . Disgraceful. #brexit  
Brexit will either be stopped, but having already done significant damage; or it will continue, doing unimaginable harm. Either way, at some point in the future we will be inundated with vox pops of people saying, “they did warn me but I didn’t fucking listen.” Yeah right! 
Tactics used by BBC in Scotland since 2014 against SNP and pro-independence campaigners now being used in England against anti-Brexit groups. It was only a matter of time...  
POLL: A majority of British people regret voting for Brexit I'll bet some of them feel stupid for being conned so easily!!! 
Between news being very anglocentric in the UK and Brexit/Trump/Putin dominating everything, its only when I follow news abroad that I am reminded how dangerous Erdoğan is. Completely out of control right now. 
Well worth watching this video from 4:35 & seeing Tommy Sheridans miserable face as the referendum results came through.It was all the fault of the bankers, the supermarkets & the “billionerz”!Absolutely nothing to do with having no currency! 
@Femi_Sorry then explained how Brexit gets stopped  
The Lib Dems are the only party that (a) runs lot of councils (b) has a dozen MPs (c) has thousands of councillors and will soon have a lot more and (d) is clear about opposing Brexit. Let the people have a say on the final deal! #FBPE 
20/ I was worried that Brexit would cost me more than the 30p a day it cost me for the UK to be part of the EU. But now I can spend that money as I see fit. Like on a Freddo. I feel liberated 
EU's post-Brexit plans UNRAVEL: Dutch CUT DOWN Macron's EU agenda in stunning humiliation  
what I cannot understand is that where an MP voted against their constituents result on Brexit  so why have those same constituents not called back their MP to discipline or sack them ??? 
Frankfurt is the big winner in the battle for Brexit bankers  
This is Corbyn's problem if Labour wins an election. All the blame for the economy crashing will be laid at his feet, not Brexit. And yet the idiot still supports Brexit.  
Please tell David Davis that the principals are, you do not lie, cheat, abuse the electoral system or commit fraud to win an election or a referendum. 
UK democracy has been cheated in the EU Referendum by Cambridge Analytica rendering it an illegitimate result. We deserve fair play which at least requires a public #VoteOnTheDeal 
People like me voted Labour in general election because we thought they’d hear us on Brexit. They refused. Get even in #localelections2018. 
So keep going, everyone. Keep fighting. Not for what seems less bad, but against the very source of all of this: Brexit. With me. All of us. Together. The journey isn’t over and we gotta hang in there for the rest of the ride. 49/ 
“Nothing happens. Nobody comes, nobody goes. It’s awful.”Samuel Brexit, ‘Waiting for God Knows’ 
This won’t wash. Mr Burgess is UK News Editor & the BBC put him on @bbcr4feedback to explain why BBC boycotted the anti-Brexit marches because he didn’t think they were ‘news.’ Maybe you should spend a few minutes reflecting on implosion of the BBC as a serious news organisation  
Russia had no motive and nothing to gain from the Skripal Event. For Britain, it's a wonderful distraction from Brexit and a while host of other troubling domestic issues, including the widespread unpopularity of the ruling Tories. 
Some pretty impressive analysis of polling info that shows (a) #brexit is not the will of the people (b) an ever growing number of Leave voters becoming #remainernow (c) most non-voters at #euref would vote #Remain (d) #remain should win a #voteonthedeal 
#recap 3 times Financial Times readers nailed Brexit to brilliant effect 
Put misleading information on the side of a bus before an important referendum #AwfullyBritishPracticalJokes 
Lovely French kids shout "Arretez le Brexit" outside Downing Street:  via @YouTube 
But that was just hunky dory when it was the entire British press, the BBC and other broadcasters doing the same during the Scottish independence referendum when Labour worked alongside the Tories.  
We have a year to avert the disaster of Brexit.Think Brexit is bad for Britain? Don’t settle for just improving terms of our departure, says @ianbirrell in @theipaper.Our best option is to #Remain in the EU. Keep making the case to #StopBrexit. 
"Sinn Fein believes there should be a referendum vote on Irish unity within the next five years."- Michelle O’Neill MLA 
Great article sums up reality...there is no fall back; soft #Brexit Pay & Obey No Say is a DELUSION a DECEIT for 1 simple reason. Once we Leave we're out of the EU & the protection of the ECJ.Our Rights, our Future can't be protected beyond 1 Parliament.  
In #indyref1 I was against Scotland breaking from the union.Now, the Union has broken from Scotland due to #brexit and I have completely changed my mind.I don't have any Scottish lineage, but I will support your independence with all I've got, the next time round....#indyref2 
At the moment I bring my German car over to the UK for six months a year. I was going to get it registered and MOTd in the UK (which is quite expensive) but I put that on hold because of Brexit. Will I be able to bring it over for six months per year AFTER Brexit? Nobody knows. 
POLL: A majority of British people regret voting for Brexit /#EU #Brexit  via @BIUK_Politics 
You're one of the few Jo who gives me hope we can still turn this. No #Brexit can be justified w/o at least Confirming if the Will of the Ppl is still to leave or now to #StopBrexitSaveBritain.Binding #FinalSayForAll on the Deal with a #Remain option. 
Sinn Fein calls for referendum on Northern Ireland leaving the UK ‘as soon as possible’  
Britain's firms still face "huge uncertainty" on customs, regulation and migration after Brexit, CBI's Carolyn Fairbairn says  
This thread Moment describes the Smoking gun that should result in #Brexit  campaigners going to jail.  We are living through a coup d’etat & #BorisJohnson is the biggest villain 
.@YouGov: 29/03/2018 via @businessinsiderThe vote to leave the EU was :Right: 42%Wrong: 45%People are discovering that “Britain will be a poorer place under every possible #Brexit scenario.”#Brexiteers#Remain@rburgessbbc-UK News Editor, @BBCNews 
“BREXIT MEANS BREXIT”(5/11)  
How the rest of Europe must see Britain. Even when we defeat Brexit (ever the optimist!) our reputation will have suffered enormously. pic.twitter.com/SFKq4PZw4o 
This afternoon I was watching a guy in Pettigo trying to build a garden shed. He had it half built. Then it fell down. His neighbour looked over the fence and said ‘Sam, are you ok?’. Sam said ‘I’ve made a complete f**king Brexit of it.’ And his neighbour said ‘You have, surely’. 
Hang on! Our UK Intelligence KNEW something dodgy was going on. Was this before or after Referendum? If before, why did @David_Cameron carry on with it? If after, why did @theresa_may (I'm a Remainer!) not call it out!!!@eyejosh @markpalexander @carolecadwalla @spaceangel1964 
Oh beloved Scotland. I know you're chained to a gnashing, mad person right now. Don't go down with HMS Brexit, save yourselves. You go with our blessing.Lots of loveThe remainers  
#TheSundayInterview – @Scotpol1314 with @citizentommy “I think we need no more than a 3-to-4-month referendum campaign...the less time the Unionists have got to gather their distortions and their lies, and to ramp up Project Fear number 2, the better...”  
As people are getting the details & realising how much worse off Britain is going to be they are changing their minds... No wonder Leavers are dead set against an informed referendum.  
Eddie Izzard says Corbyn’s Labour Party offers a platform of hope. As long as Corbyn backs Brexit, all he offers is long-term decline, falling living standards, and under-funded public services.Vote tactically in May so Jezza gets the message - #StopBrexit#ABTV 
Sinn Féin urges unity referendum within five years  
She's facing a jail term for diverting funds meant for education to holding an illegal referendum, amongst other charges. She needs to face those charges.  
Adonis fans -just to point out I wasn’t arguing about Brexit (I’m strongly remain) or even alleged BBC bias in either direction - it was about a public figure trying to stoke up public political bullying of a member of BBC staff (not senior leadership). That leads to a bad place. 
#EUsuperheroes number 35 is @steveg4462 "Steve is Chair & co-founder of Liverpool for Europe, Treasurer of European Movement and he’s co founder of Veterans for Europe. Steve is an early and forceful anti Brexit voice of the North."Check out or heroes: 
Just do the maths. If a quarter of 52% belief they were deceived into voting the wrong way....Leave (39) 45%-55% (48) RemainAdd to that the demographic shifts in favour of Remain.Add to that the economic consequences of Brexit.We're looking at a very very angry country.  
With other MPs @indparltrust I visited @Honda_UK Swindon last weekThe implications of Brexit to them were set out clearly. Remaining in the  EU would be the only positive outcome, & a hard Brexit or crashing out would be disastrous for Co, employing 000s of people  
Sinn Féin’s Michelle O'Neill calls for an Irish unity referendum within five years  
Soft Brexit is better than hard Brexit but no Brexit is best - my @theipaper column on the fight to avert folly & take back control of our destiny 
How much more evidence do we need that Brexit would be AGAINST the Will of the people and would leave people on both sides EVEN MORE angry with politicians? 
Brexit SHOCK claim: TUC boss says UK workers BETTER OFF under EU regulations #StopBrexit 
Northern Ireland - which voted 56 to 44 against Brexit - may be able to re-join the EU, depending on the outcome of a referendum on Irish unity which Sinn Féin has demanded.Irish reunification may not be the outcome of Brexit that the Conservatives and the DUP had in mind. 
Sadiq Khan has spent taxpayers money on trips to India & Pakistan & reports from financial economists to try & scupper brexit.Abusing his position & our money he's doing all he can to ruin London, Brexit & the UK whilst promoting his religion above all else.He's a Trojan Horse! 
It's just hit me.  Remain or Brexit, I will remain poor.  Remain or Brexit, the rich will get richer - as they always do.  It's about bloody time we had a government who stood shoulder to shoulder with the people - not the privileged.  #IStandWithCorbyn 
A top Conservative MP is deeply tied to #CambridgeAnalytica and the #Brexit cheating scandal, including their FB data theft@carolecadwalla caught the crooks, but election fraud places corrupt leaders in charge of investigating themselves#TheResistance 
I'm often challenged as to why I don't respect the outcome of the referendum.My answer,If 52% voted to lower the age of consent to 12 for girls would we have to respect that.The answer of course is no. There is no obligation to accept any result in a democracy. #FBPE 
The majority want to #Remain in the EU, by an ever growing margin.Brexit is not ‘the will of the people’. #StopBrexit. 
After the humiliating collapse of our Brexit negotiating team it is now essential for May to go and be replaced with a hard nosed Brexiteer. 
France issues SCATHING attack on Brussels amid fears Brexit will RUIN 'future of Europe'  
Another great afternoon spent talking all things referendum with @Together4yes Today we were at Croke Park speaking with those on the way to the GAA league finals with @DublinRepeal8 #together4yes #repealthe8th #8thref 
These days, I find myself blocking far more Lexiters than Brexiters. The idiocy of this right-wing Brexit coup is one thing, but left-wing support of it is beyond comprehension.  
》More than 20% of manufacturers are planning to lay off workers to cope with Brexit costs.》More than 11% of manufacturers say they've already lost contracts due to Brexit.》58% of manufacturing companies are planning to increase prices #stopBrexit 
OK target for tonight 20k! Come on people our democracy is in danger please sign and share the heck out of this! #StopBrexit Petition: Declare the 2016 referendum vote null and void due to foreign interference  
Theresa May has apparently granted concessions on immigration, fishing and the role of the ECJ. It makes you wonder what else there is to give away. Northern Ireland, perhaps? #Brexit 
"Brexit is about democracy. It's about preferring a bad parliament to a good king. So many in the elite cannot understand that."@Tom_Slater_ was a guest on this week's @wethefifth podcast, discussing Brexit, guns, outrage culture and more.  
This. Remember an anti-brexit vote is NOT a wasted vote, but will register with the main parties.  Get out, get your friends out and kick these leavers in the nuts.  
#Skripal case helped May’s govt to sideline its failure to negotiate more favorable terms for #Brexit – Russian envoy to UK  
Zuck could tell Parliament the truth about illegality in the digital campaigns surrounding Brexit. But he keeps telling @CommonsCMS to bugger off. What does Zuck know about Trump/Russia? What did Mueller ask the Project Alamo FB embeds?  by @carolecadwalla 
When I see Britnats going on about Churchill, Cromwell, Nelson and Henry the Eighth, I realise that it wasn't Brexit they needed, it was a fucking time machine. 
POLL: A majority of British people regret voting for Brexit  
We Remainers on Twitter are doing a great job finding yet more things wrong with #Brexit. But as a group we are failing to campaign effectively for a big pro-EU vote on May 3. This is our one chance to make votes count, let's not waste it.Please RT!#StopBrexit #VoteEU #ABTV 
Can't remember. A time in the UK when both main political parties, were in such a state of disarray & dysfunction.The country itself is also totally divided, the  divisive referendum is responsible. We are leaderless & while the status quo continues, the UK is in big trouble! 
City of London's top policeman warns Brexit will leave Britain 'on the back seats' of intelligence sharing  via @BIUK_Politics 
No change in our Bregrexit tracker using @YouGov polling: 43% say Brexit the right decision, 45% the wrong decision.  
This tweet has rattled a few #Leavers. The more #Brexit looks doomed to abject failure, the more vociferously they complain that it's undemocratic to disagree with the result, or for people to change their minds. #StopBrexitSaveBritain 
A lot of leavers must be questioning their blind faith in Brexit by now!!...Let's try and get this one shared far and wide so that some of the brighter wavering Leavers get to see it !!....Who knows........?#FBPE #StopBrexit #StopTories #ABTV 
I'm given the miracle gift of a trip to 2016 to prevent Trump and Brexit, squander all the time convincing Luc Besson to recast Valerian and tweak scriptDon't worry I left Rihanna's part all as-is 
#Erdogan has accused #Israel of being “a terrorist state” and also alleged that the Jewish country was behind the Kurdistan Region’s referendum on independence from Iraq last year. #Gaza 
"If - highly unlikely - Brexit is a success, the Tories get the credit; if – almost certain even by their own yardsticks – it is a failure, then the two parties will share the blame."  
The state of May. Making the same phoney promises on schools & the NHS this week she did in her manifesto. She's been part of an austerity Govt which has savaged public spending for 8 years. She says Brexit brings more, it is a lie, designed to mislead. 
This is superb from Jurgen Klopp on #Brexit I increasingly think many of our European friends care more about the future of us Brits, than we do.We need to #ExitFromBrexit 
Thread: On this day, 20 million #Iran'ians (99% of voters) chose an Islamic Republic in a referendum to represent their revolution & govern.  
Does Parliament needs more evidences? Here they are the documents published by Parliament that link AIQ, the firm at heart of #Brexit, to #CambridgeAnalitica!! 
'Countries NEED sovereign rights!' Hungarians BACK Brexit fight against EU intrusion  
To anyone who says Facebook Brexit campaigns had no effect...  
If you accept that BBC Scotland solely aims its propaganda news broadcasts at Scottish Unionists and Scotland's #Brexit followers in order to provide them with their much-needed confirmation and validation, then all of its coverage makes complete sense.  
The govt capitulation to trapping the UK in transition where we obey ALL EU law AFTER Brexit has left fishermen enragedIf @Anna_Soubry can flout Whips to thwart 17.5m who voted #Brexit then Brexiteer @Conservatives need to stand by #NoDealsBetterThanABadDealCOUNTRY BEFORE PARTY 
6 months ago millions of Catalans defied police violence and voted in the October 1st independence referendum.A day that we will never forget.  
Brexit exposes the undemocratic nature of partition. Sinn Féin believes there should be a referendum vote on Irish unity within the next five years. - Michelle O’Neill 
If ever there was a a photo that symbolised everything that is mind numbingly stupid about #Brexit then this is it.Not a single other part of that car, when finished, will be made in UK but in EU states. It's a shell, an empty shell, just like her Brexit.#StopBrexit 
Please join us in paying tribute to Eddie Izzard - the most successful contributor to the cause of #Brexit ever?  
If 16.1 million remainers voted for an anti brexit party there would be change.Remainers who think its a waste of vote and stick to allegiances and vote for a pro brexit party... YOU are the reason its a waste of vote.It can, it WILL work if we ALL do it.#ABTV #StopBrexit2018 
In the 2017 General Election:13.7 million people voted Conservatives.12.9 million voted LabourIn the EU referendum 16.1 million people voted to remain.If you think anti brexit tactical voting is a waste of a vote then you are part of the problem.#ABTV #StopBrexit2018 
One positive from Brexit would be if UK under Labour actually follows an independent foreign policy not based on following  lowest common denominator right-wing EU consensus. UK arms embargo and sanctions on Apartheid Israel now.  
How @Theresa_May went from zero to hero. From handling #Brexit well, to a statesmanlike response to the #Russia poisoning, to her commitment to fixing #NHS funding - she made mistakes last year but the PM is now starting to look like a winner.#ImWithMay 
No Mr Mayor.  They will be a referendum on your abject failure to focus on the things that matter to Londoners, in favour of self promotion for yourself and pursuit of idiotic politically correct nonsense.  
Brexit bias EXPOSED: Jacob Rees-Mogg leads calls for Electoral Commission resignations  
This is like that EU referendum tweet: “Just took 93yr Mum to vote, she’s registered blind. In a very loud voice she said, “Which box for out?” A cheer went up from waiting voters”  
Much as I would like to get involved with #JCsArmyOfHate, Mr Corbyn has to accept that if he gives his enemies ammunition - on this latest of so many problems he's had, including Brexit - they will fire it at him. I voted Labour last time: never again while he leads the party. 
'Countries NEED sovereign rights!' Hungarians BACK Brexit fight against EU intrusion  
The jealous screams of desperate men.EU's chief Brexit negotiator is delaying deal so he can be in the 'limelight', says most senior Tory in Brussels  
6 months ago @sandrawhite and I were at a school in Barcelona as observers at the Referendum. Here’s a wee story from that time. #catalonia 
True Jurgen, there are no Brexit benefits. The proud Labour Remain city of Liverpool know we are stonger together.As Shankly once said "The socialism I believe in, is everybody working for the same goal and everybody having a share in the rewards"#EU 
The local elections on May 3rd will be a referendum on eight years of a Tory government that has been desperately weak on crime – and even weaker on the causes of crime. #VoteLabour 
Only 26% of the UK voted for Brexit. That's why thresholds are important.#ABTV 
Brexit dividend for the NHS is just another lie.  It’s a political sleight of hand that is just one more disgrace to add to the litany of lies that continues to accompany the #Brexit process.#StopBrexit #FBPE 
As this week's show is the Brexit Doomsday Clock edition (), we just had to make this for @IanDunt 
Immigration BETRAYAL: UK to make it EASIER for EU migrants to stay in Britain after Brexit  
If the Scottish Parliament passes a Referendum Bill without a Section 30 order, and if the Supreme Court upholds it (or if there is no legal challenge) then it'll be the opposite of "illegal" - it'll be the law of the land.  "Westminster-approved" and "legal" are not synonymous. 
No, you know EXACTLY what was meant! Until the UK Parliament gives permission,via a s30 order,then any future independence referendum in Scotland would, indeed, be 'illegal' and would therefore have no standing in Scottish, 'English' or International law!Same as Catalonia...  
This article: important, very stinky money trail pointing to collusion between supposedly independent Brexit campaign groups in violation of election spending law. Implicates ministers personally.  
My guess, people, is that this savage anti-Russian campaign and the hounding of Jeremy Corbyn are preludes to May cancelling #Brexit I have never seen such hatred whipped up by a government mired in corruption and grotesque incompetence. Godless liberals who hate Britain. 
Tony Blair - Here in this palace of Westminster... the birthplace of democracy... here our #brexit fate will be decided. I say to MPs.. think of our history.. think of our future.. think of the true meaning of both & make that decision according to conscience & belief.#FBPE 
Britain's response? Brexit, with Rees-Mogg saying Ireland should leave EU too to 'align'with Brexit Britain, & Hannan saying Good Friday Agreement 'the consequence not the cause of peace' in NI. Utterly shameful.  
When Brexit seems unreal, unbritish, like a psychosis. Remember it’s not targeted gaslighting of vulnerable fear and prejudice orchestrated by an uber wealthy minority, it’s just our passionately held EU skepticism. Recall those massive anti-EU marches over 40 years. Me either. 
 BBC Breakfast falls for newspaper's April Fools Brexit joke  
The time Boris Johnson brought Brexit on a rope to visit two Tyrone farmers  
Great thread on the futility of Brexit  
In the wake of Brexit we may need helping hands from all over Europe.Thank you Spain.#FBPE #WATON #ABTV 
I've been commissioned to produce a Brexit English Dictionary (BED) replacing all words with Greek roots with native English ones. So, 'paediatrics' will become 'sprogics', 'philosophy' will become 'witlust' and so on. Please send me your suggestions! 
The last time a Tory government decimated manufacturing Labour stood against them. Let’s not make Brexit the exception to that.   
Every time I disprove a lie told during the 2016 referendum, I hear "Yeah, but my opinions about the EU had nothing to do with them".This thread should stop that little game of political Whack'a'mole. 
Six months ago millions of catalans voted in a pro-Indy referendum. Spanish police used extreme violence against people, including elderly ones. Since then democracy has been sinking in Spain, which has again political prisoners. That day was a turning point. We'll not forget.  
Jacob Rees-Mogg, on anti-Brexit @ElectoralCommUK board members: “This is very serious as the regulator of elections must be impartial. Anyone who has called for a second referendum or made political statements on Brexit ought to recuse him or herself.”  
'Tony Blair needs to SHUT UP!' Even Remainers think Brexit MUST be delivered  
@LeaveEUOfficial? Since the referendum, they have become nothing short of alt-right, sexist, racist, and recently transphobic propaganda. See for yourself. 
1 in 5 UK manufacturing jobs at risk because of Brexit  
Leaving the single market and customs union will mean economic pain. But what will that mean? Don’t expect much Leave regret when Brexit hurts prosperity  
A must read thread from the excellent @carolecadwalla The people at the head of #VoteLeave - @michaelgove in particular - have some serious questions to answer!I wonder #whatdidborisknow?#WATON#FairVote#brexit#FBPE@fairvoteuk 
"The domestic campaign to reverse Brexit is in full swing, as political and corporate interests determined to upend the 2016 referendum try to engineer the reversal of the biggest expression of democracy in British history," writes @LiamHalligan 
Yes, because the big story here is 'Govine' stabbing their friend in the front! 
'Countries NEED sovereign rights!' Hungarians BACK Brexit fight against EU intrusion  
'The party would SPLIT' IDS warns PM of Tory CHAOS if Brexit pledges not maintained 
"If you know any #EUcitizens, please share this article with them because the #SettledStatus checklist needs to be shared very widely," @NicolasHatton in @PoliticsMeans.#Brexit #CitizensRights #InLimbo @InLimboBrexit @the3million #Checklist #Share #RT 
39 years ago on #AprilFoolsDay 98% of Iranians voted in a #referendum for an Islamic Republic not knowing what it was. Today they know what it is and 98% would vote against it!  
Top trolling on #AprilFoolsDay2018 by  @EPinUK of PM May and a UK Government obsessed with an at-all-costs, cliff-edge #Brexit  
Tony Blair on Brexit: “The Europeans, having at first thought that there was some truly cunning plan from the best brains of the British system now frankly think it is the product of the brain of Baldrick”  via @instituteGC 
“They're not bothered about industry. They're not bothered about a border in Ireland. All of that is disposable.”@juliegirling on the handful of Ultras driving UKGov’s Brexit policy. 
Also my experience. Wherever I travel in Europe or the rest of the world people are aghast at Brexit Britain. They can all see it is catastrophically daft in this day and age. They think Brits are bonkers and will now learn humility the hard way.  
#Liverpool #LFC boss #JurgenKlopp speaks out against #Brexit : 
EU approval of #Brexit blueprint comes with Irish border warning. Theresa May has 3 mths to come up with a watertight, legally binding solution to the NI border - Nothing is agreed, until everything is agreed.  
Why a second referendum would be better than the chaotic Brexit towards which Britain is heading  
An investigation by The Sunday Telegraph found that four of the Electoral Commission’s 10 commissioners, including the chairman, had made pronouncements on Brexit since the referendum – all of them backing Remain. Can we really trust them to act fairly?  
6 months ago: Institut La Sedeta in central Barcelona, 1 October 2017. This was the experience of many Catalonians on referendum day. However the conduct and violence of Spanish authorities remains an issue of concern. #CatalanReferendum #Llibertat 
Theresa May came to Wales on her whistle-stop tour of the UK. In Wales, she went to Aston Martin and ironically poses in front of her own Brexit representation... The wheels have truly come off her #Brexit plan.... and the windows.... and the engine...  
Scotland is home: five EU nationals and Scots living in Europe tells us what matters to them in the #Brexit process.  
Top April Fool’s Day trolling of Theresa May and her fellow Brexit cliff edge pals by the European Parliament! Bravo!   
After years & years as a candidate country, tired of waiting to start accession talks, inspired by Brexit and in solidarity with the UK, Republic of Macedonia decides to withdraw its EU application & bid farewell to its European aspirations! #Mexit #GlobalMacedonia #AprilFoolsDay 
The Electoral Commission is infected with anti-Brexit bias! Serious questions need to be asked about its impartiality! 
Jeremy Corbyn having sacked Owen Smith, the leader of the opposition is now closer to the government on Brexit than to a majority of Labour MPs, and a vast majority of the members he claims to listen to.  
I particularly agree with Henry’s point about false equivalences, which the BBC sets up all the time, I’m afraid, & not just in Brexit coverage. I know some within the BBC are also concerned that the current notion of “balance” is false, but it doesn’t seem to be changing.  
*This* is key question nobody has answered. I asked DUP Brexit campaign chief Jeffrey Donaldson, again, two weeks ago where he found AIQ - ‘I cannot recall’  
Always been a big BBC fan and seen it as a crown jewel. But1. The country is bitterly divided over Brexit.2. Right down the middle.3. If you only consumed @BBCNews you would never know.Something's gotta give. 
The moment your new blue passport arrives. Hard Brexit Harry knows the score.  
Every day until the anniversary of the Brexit vote on 23/6 we will be posting a picture from the #MarchForEurope  There are too many people from all across Scotland who came demanding #DemocracyOnBrexit, and they cannot be forgotten or ignored #AlwaysEuropean  
And here they are. Published by Parliament this week. One of a number of docs that link AIQ, the firm at heart of Brexit, to Cambridge Analytica. Parliament now has this info. Question is: what’s it going to do about it?  
Keep digging into this. I think at any moment we'll hit the foundations of Brexit and the whole thing will come thundering down.  
Thread:What happens to my company if we do the hard brexit that hard leavers want?We have a tiny independent perfumery, handmaking small batches of fragrance that we export to the US, France, Italy, Netherlands, India (customs nightmare) & Australia (shipping issues). 
If I was Director General of the BBC the first thing I'd do would be to have Hard Brexit supprting journalists Andrew Marr, Andrew Neil & John Humphrys escorted from the building by security for their dishonest journalism. Should I be made Director General with immediate effect? 
I've just joined the @LibDems Not wasting my time with Labour, they have made their position clear, they are a pro #Brexit party. They are as complicit as the Conservatives in the destruction of this country and have openly blamed immigrants for wage suppression. #StopBrexit 
This is not going away. Brexit was rigged by Leave. Brexit was manipulated by the corrupt & by foreign powers. Brexit was criminal. Brexit was lies. We should think again. #FinalSay #FairVote #StopBrexit #ABTV 
Brexit: Germans Hope Russia Spy Poisoning Will Persuade Britain to Stay in EU  
Call for a stronger Britain:Map shows worrying retreat of global democracy. Few nations have desire & ability to lead a counter to this demise - in very areas UK must reach, post Brexit, to fuel our economy. Int. security helps defend democratic  standards and builds prosperity  
Frankfurt is the big winner in the battle for Brexit bankers  
I don't expect you ever accepted the UK being in the EU and I don't recall Farage accepting it and moving on - so no Remainers won't accept it and won't move on either as Brexit will damage the UK 
Conservative party's refusal to admit plunging membership numbers is embarrassing, says Grant Shapps -  #ToriesOut2018 #BrexitShambles #brexit @theresa_may #ToryMedia #bbcnews #skynews #c4news 
Hard Brexit supporting lying BBC journalist are tailoring their BBC shows & their questions to help Hard Brexit. Unethical journalists like Andrew Marr, Andrew Neil, Jo Coburn & John Humphrys are not being controlled by BBC management. 
Astonishing lack of empathy amongst many separatists re Catalonia. Illegal 'referendum' and expenditure is not funny. Ignoring democratic constitution and constitutional court is not a wee game. Rational legal process and rule of law is key. THAT feels right.  
Catalonia six months on. What has happended since the independence referendum?  
Hang on a minute, the Electoral Commission has been accused of anti-Brexit bias? Quelle surprise! Support us at  
The Telegraph owned by the tax-dodging Channel Islands based Barclay brothers is now trying to attack the Electoral Commission for seeking to ensure the Leave campaigns were lawful.There is a sinister criminal mentality at work on the Trump-#Brexit right. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
And now we women are in the midst of our own torturous referendum where we are fighting to have a say over what happens to our bodies.I'm starting to see the similarities between all of these laws - they all challenge the Catholic Church ideal of the perfect same-sex family. 
As so often on a Sunday morning, @BBCNews takes its lead from Sunday papers. Goes for the anti-Labour stories rather than the spoilt for choice grim economic news on Brexit, perish the thought - they are destroying their own reputation. sad to watch 
Seven hours ahead of publishing this article, Cambridge Analytica threatened to sue. It was nothing to do with Facebook data. It was the link to AggegateIQ. To Vote Leave. To Brexit. 
6 months ago: Catalan referendum: hundreds injured as police attack protesters – video  
Can't wait for #Brexit - millions for #OurNHS, the brightest & the best queuing up to come here because we've made immigrants feel so welcome, homelessness & poverty totally eradicated; well-paid, secure jobs for everyone & to top it all...beautiful blue passports#AprilFoolsDay 
And isn't it crazy that gay marriage was illegal in Ireland up until 2015? That referendum was a torturous experience for the LGBTQ community whereby they were faced with this crap every where they turned.  
Theresa May tells us she’s working in the national interest, but confirms she’s prepared to prop up the pound during #Brexit by wasting a staggering  £250,000,000,000. [Erm... How much does EU membership cost us?] Sheer madness... #fbpe #ofoc @theresa_may @10DowningStreet 
By moving in on Ted Malloch, Mueller is getting closer to the Farage-Wikileaks connection to Russian interference in the US election. I have long wondered if Farage would be a target. And that, of course, has (tenuous)  implications for Brexit  
The #1Oct referendum took place in #Catalonia 6 months ago today.M. Rajoy, the man who refused to do politics, using the police & courts instead, is still in a job. We'll never forget the violence; we'll always remember the dignity of those who voted.#NoOblidem#NeverForget 
MUST-READ: These Conservative MEPs explain why they're opposed to the Government’s disastrous hard Brexit plans.  
Can’t believe fools get their own day. They already got Brexit. 
Industry planning jobs cull to offset Brexit  
We look forward to the day we are bored by Brexit.That day, after it collapses under its broken promises, when Govt finally act on its causes - inequality, austerity, injustice, misinformation, when those who lied are held to account.That day we will be bored but very happy.  
I'm a fully signed up member of #JCsArmyOfHate- I hate the way Tories are devoted to weaponising poverty- I hate the daily lies from 10 Downing Street- I hate to see the daily injustices by the Home Office, DWP and other departments.- I hate Tory #Brexit gerrymandering 
*BREAKING NEWS* Announcing Brexit Simulator: Referendum Your Way out of This! Out soon on all formats! Read more at  #BrexitGame #Brexit #WiredGames 
Julie Girling & Richard Ashworth lost their Tory whips for voting against sufficient progress in Brexit talksLast week, they told me exactly what the thought of how Brexit was going"Horrendous .. so many logical inconsistencies .. deluding themselves" 
Perversity of BBC News Editor’s excuse for not covering the dozen nationwide anti-Brexit rallies:He said BBC covering Farage fish stunt was an ‘in’ to the issue.He also said BBC covered 1-year-to-Brexit this week. So why did they not use the rallies as an ‘in’ to that issue?  
"Concerns that the Legatum Institute, the libertarian thinktank that advocates a hard Brexit, is playing a behind-the-scenes role in shaping Britain’s future trade policy have been heightened"Worrying developments.#brexitshambles 
If you accept that BBC Scotland solely aims its propaganda news broadcasts at Scottish Unionists and Scotland's #Brexit followers in order to provide them with their much-needed confirmation and validation, then all of its coverage makes complete sense.  
Remember the media coverage and outrage in response to Spanish police brutality during the Catalan referendum?Compare and contrast to the response on Gaza, with 16 killed and 1,400 wounded by 100 Israeli snipers. 
Julie Girling MEP (@juliegirling) — whose Tory whip was removed in October — gave me a frank assessment of how the Tories are handling Brexit"It's either a lack of understanding, or it's a deliberate fudging because they don't have a political answer" 
BIAS: Several members of Electoral Commission, which is investigating some Brexit groups, make pro-Remain comments.One even questioned whether it was 'morally acceptable' to press on with Article 50.  
#OnThisDay 6 months ago: 2.286.217 people voted in #Catalonia's independence referendum confronting Spain's occupation forces brutality. We won. We won't forget.#FreeCatalanPoliticalPrisoners 
To paraphrase Luke Skywalker...I hate Brexit BECAUSE I love our country.  
‘’ECO-FRIENDLY, ORGANIC VERTICAL GARDEN.”Translation: Dead lichen, dyed green and glued to a board. *Checks calendar*After brexit anything is possible....  
Here's @RichardAshMEP telling me why he's worried what Brexit could mean Dover, an area he represents"These people are deluding themselves if they think they can just wish it away"[Correction: whips removed in October. They quit the ECR this year] 
BBC News needs new leadership after BBC News Editor @rburgessbbc’s astonishing ‘defence’ of BBC boycott of big anti-Brexit marches last weekend - rubbishing them as of little account on @bbcr4feedback, then giving Mr Farage huge coverage for his fish stunt 2 days later 
In a move certain to infuriate Brexitters, French company Gemalto has announced that UK #passports will actually be green rather than blue, after October 2019.  Having awarded them the contract, the UK apparently has no say in this.#Brexit #StopBrexit #Brexitshambles #FBPE 
2. until 1973 that the UK managed to join and confirm membership in 1975 referendum. Over next 3 decades Britain flourished and amongst other things won most of the EU’s financial services business bringing in 12% of GDP today.What sort of April Fool wants to go back to the 60s? 
Trying to separate today's April Fool jokes from normal stories in Brexit Britain is proving impossible. 
Barnier delaying deal? Looks like the first April fool's joke on #Brexit I found today. Is it? Must be :-)  
The time for revoking Brexit has passed, Britain’s economy has failed to collapse and the EU has moved on, writes Wolfgang Münchau  
.@michaelsavage piece in Observer: 1 in 5 UK  manufacturing firms planning #Brexit related job cuts. Thousands at risk, especially in the North East. There is still time to change course @jeremycorbyn. Don't let this image define you - we can and must do better.  
5 meeting between Legatum institute and Dept for Intl Trade in three months - 'incredible that while MPs & representative groups have no right to know what’s going on in trade discussions...an extreme free trade, hard Brexit thinktank has such privileged access' @nickdearden75 
The Chancellor is setting aside £12 Billion per year for 3 years in order to pay for some of the costs of #BrexitThat’s a huge sum, about £250 Million per weekIf you had the following options, how would you like it spent?(As always, comments welcome, retweets essential) 
I'm incensed that Warner cheating in cricket gets more news coverage than Leave cheating in the Referendum. #StopBrexit #ABTV 
Earlier this year, MEPs Julie Girling and Richard Ashworth were kicked out of the Tory Party for opposing Theresa May’s Brexit plan. Last week in Brussels, they told me why they’re fighting May’s “horrendous, deluded” Brexit.  
Petition: Declare the 2016 referendum vote null and void due to foreign interference   A very important petition.  Please sign share and tweet.  Thank you. #StopBrexit #FBPE 
#Brexit cancelled! “Government responds to months of protest against unpopular policy & acknowledges that referendum was fatally flawed”  
Shocked to learn that non-British philosophers will be removed from Oxbridge undergraduate reading lists after Brexit. 
INSIGHT: One year to go and Brexit still divides  via @ReutersTV Check the latest update in our #Brexit tracker  
V important splash in today’s Sunday @Telegraph on @ElectoralCommUK bias. 4 of the EC’s 10 commissioners, inc the chairman, have made statements since the referendum either criticising the Leave campaign or calling for the result to be overturned. What happened to impartiality?  
So it looks as though whether the referendum was unfairly run - will eventually be decided in the courts  #FBPE 
Corbyn’s “Facebook hate factory” in the Sunday Times & hammering the Electoral Commission...Funny. I think I saw this story already surface....Cambridge Analytica - Brexit ? Good attempt by Govt’s puppetmasters at deflecting  the whistleblower accusations of cheating  
LET ME BE CLEAR TO ALL UKs MPs - you were all misled duped manipulated = the referendum was and is a fraud. the chains are now off for you to do what you swore to do for country - the will of the people was not the will of the people but the will of Cambridge Analytica-DO IT NOW 
Is the BBC abdicating its responsibilities over Brexit?I think most of us would agree the answer is Yes 
Jeremy Corbyn: "Labour are under attack!" "Because we are standing up to the elites who are determined to hijack!""Hijack brexit, to pay even less tax, and take even more of the wealth we create."#HappyEaster Happy Easter #EasterSunday 
‘Brexit doctor, Brexit doctor, every time I move from Foyle to Carlingford I get short of breath’ ‘You need to get more excise’ 
Let's be clear. This is a witch hunt by the Telegraph against anyone who opposes brexit. Brexitism makes McCarthyism look amateurish.  
To respond to Tom Harris on #bbcgms -- supporting Clara Ponsati & unofficial Catalan referendum doesn't mean support 4 unofficial indyref2. Scots deserve same legal framework as before. Catalan situation is not proxy issue. It's human rights abuse within EU. 
See that Murdoch is really going for it today. Cambridge Analytica - Brexit - Govt Cambridge Analytica - Brexit - Govt Cambridge Analytica - Brexit - Govt Cambridge Analytica - Brexit - Govt Cambridge Analytica - Brexit - Govt Cambridge Analytica - Brexit - Govt  
One lie begets another in this Brexit fiasco. Those with power who lie or who sit in silence knowingly do the country harm. Too cowed or fearful to be honest, they lack courage and conviction.Wake up and tell the truth before it is too late.#StopBrexit 
Me on the BBC shutting down the story on Brexit.  
Corbyn did say that not one job would be lost because of Brexit. He's absolutely correct, its going to be thousands.  
Is BBC News Editor @rburgessbbc actually a Brexiter? On basis of his astonishing defence of BBC boycott of anti-Brexit marches last week - not a story, no impact, how many were there anyway - I seriously wonder. A key issue is how many partisan Brexiters at top of #BrexitBC 
An enterprising Ethiopian has set up “Hotel Brexit” in Addis Ababa, for travellers short on cash who don’t mind being a long way from the commercial centre.  
“It’s becoming clear that manufacturers can no longer absorb the costs of Brexit, and so the burden of higher prices is spreading to consumers, to suppliers, to clients and reshaping supply chains"#brexitshambles 
This Valentine’s Day, take a stand and buy your own chocolate. For you and for teddy bears everywhere. #SetTeddyFree 
Today is a good day for me to suggest that Brexit is a brilliantly thought out idea that will guarantee our sovereignty, control and prosperity. Remaining in the EU would be a foolish thing to do. 
Over a million British citizens living in other EU countries remain 'entirely in the dark' about what happens to them if #Brexit goes ahead a year from now: 
Nicola Sturgeon says Scotland WILL have a referendum on independence before Brexit  It is coming Folks be prepared Get out there speak to people explain the benefits for Scotland, change one person to YES and you've done your Job. #IndyRef2 
How would you like your Brexit? Scrambled, fried, poached, boiled, coddled?I'd prefer #StopBrexit#HappyEaster #EasterSunday 
The brilliant @carolecadwalla updates us as to where the fight to uphold democracy in the UK goes next. Gove & Johnson won’t be sitting comfortably. #Marr  #Brexit #FBPE 
This is obviously an April fool from the Guardian.  A genuine Brexit bulldog would be defecating in its own back garden whilst yelling loudly “it’s the will of the people”.  #exitbrexit  
Brexit trolling is best trolling #AprilFoolsDay 
MRS MAY & BREXIT: Note she still never says Brexit is better than the EU, just that we have to ‘unite,’ ‘get on with it’ and ‘get the best deal.’ But as she has said, the best deal is to stay. The job of Prime Minister is to lead the country towards the best not the worst. 
What does this Vote Leave overspending stuff really mean?MPs feel shackled by the so-called "will of the people" to do what they know is wrong for the country.But a court saying the referendum was unfair unlocks those shackles. MPs will be released to vote as they think best. 
Brexit Britain - the asset stripping starts  
BREAKING NEWS: Joint announcement later today from Theresa May & Nicola Sturgeon. In local governement shake up #BERWICK-UPON-TWEED to be transfered to Scottish Borders UA (Scottish juridiction) from Northumberland UA (England) & SNP will now commit to back May’s Brexit policy.  
HURRAH #Brexit was all just a big, stupid joke! We can all go back to normal. #AprilFoolsWishes 
‘Electoral Commission must be impartial’Here is the Torygraph seeking to undermine the authority of the body that will decide whether Vote Leave cheated and whether the Brexit vote was valid#BrexitGate 
Is the BBC abdicating its responsibilities over Brexit? | Henry Porter  
This is very true: Corbyn is a ruthless Brexit collaborator and he will never be forgiven   
A few days back I pointed out that the Tories have abandoned any attempt to defend their dreadful and disgraceful policies and have decided to smear Corbyn instead.For example Data fraud by Leave campaign in Brexit ReferendumSmear Corbyn 
The Legatum Institute, a hard brexit libertarian thinktank, is playing a behind-the-scenes role in steering UK’s future trade policy. It has enjoyed privileged access to trade ministers and civil servants. #ToryShame #StopBrexit 
stop brexit first or there may not be another chance to "smash the tories" 
Is the BBC abdicating its responsibilities over Brexit? | Henry Porter  
Gove’s innocence plea doesn’t stack up; the simple question remains, of Cummings, Johnson, Gove, Elliot, Woodcock, Davidson and Stuart, who took the decision to cheat, when was it taken and who knew?This from a pre-referendum report on the EC website:  pic.twitter.com/NOnHNQc9PC 
When Brexit goes tits-up (which it inevitably will), and your jobs are under threat (also inevitable), feel free to find solace in the weasel-words of another Tory Economic Terrorist.  
From 2 crores Jobs to 15 lakh in every account to lal aankh to woman safety to petrol prices...the list of promises is long and endless, goes without saying that India was fooled in 2014. Indian people tweeting #HappyJumlaDivas on #AprilFoolsDay is a referendum on PM Modi’s Govt 
Nicola Sturgeon says Scotland WILL have a referendum on independence before Brexit  
Brexit eliminates an ally to the Netherlands, but creates an opportunity for it to lead  
Brexit do over? How about US election do over?  
It turns out that four out of the Electoral Commission’s ten Commissioners (including the chairman) have made anti-Brexit statements since the referendum including a demand that the vote be overturned. MPs are demanding resignations.These people have a legal duty to be impartial. 
May is bluffing. She thinks if she says often enough that Brexit will go ahead then it will. Events about to unfold in the US as a result of the Mueller investigation will involve Mercers and links to May's husband, CA/SCL, Vote Leave, BeLeave, Farage etc. It will be interesting  
For decades I’ve assumed that the regressive, impoverished future England of my novel Mona Lisa Overdrive had become one of those glaring anachronisms to which imagined futures eventually fall prey. With Brexit, now, not so much. 
First it was years of propaganda about the disabled, those claiming benefits, Muslims, immigrants & the EU. Then came brexit and more 'respectable' targets were included - to an audience already primed. 
Today is the 39th anniversary of the so-called referendum* that that turned Iran into the "Islamic Republic of Iran."39 years later and we're still going backwards.* 99.3% voting FOR with a 98% voter turnout. #TotallyLegit 
Did Brexit campaigners cheat? And if they did, what does that mean?  
‘Industry planning jobs cull to offset Brexit.’‘More than 20% of manufacturers plan job cuts while more than 58% plan price increases to offset costs of leaving EU.’The price of xenophobia, eh? 
Dutch Parliament agrees to abolish referendum  
I'm sure the Conservative Anti Racism Unit is all over this and will be expelling droves of them as soon as Mrs May is back from her Brexit tour of the UK's cowsheds. 
Clear evidence of the erosion from within of the belief in Brexit, just like Communism as it advanced towards its demise.   
A Tory MSP knows damage he is doing with Brexit so then he develops an obsession with burning the lifeboat!!  
Hard Brexit group @LegatumInst has ‘special access’ to trade ministers 
The real war on Brexit psychology has been fought and won in the middle-class and everything else is a waste of time.  
it's not a "shit" opinion if the majority of people want it repealed so bad to have control over their own bodies for personal circumstance that there's an actual referendum date  
.@ukhomeoffice - if you are trying to inform EU citizens on their #citizensrights post Brexit please make sure that at least you get your info graphics right. You know, the basics. We assume you meant documentation is mandatory from July 2021 not 2020. 
Owen, since the Scottish Indyref most folk in Scotland realised that the BBC is an arm of the WM establishment but it was dismissed as Scots wi’ a chip on their shoulder. It’s only now since The Brexit vote, England is beginning to realise the same. 
If the Remain vote is scattered between parties & the Brexit councillor wins, our campaign will have little or no effect. In the end, a win is a win regardless of the margin. We need Remain party councillors up and down the country to demonstrate our power and will. 
If the vote had gone the other way would you encourage a second referendum or allow leavers to reverse the decision? I doubt it!! 
What will become painfully clear in post-Brexit Britain is how many people completely accepted the premise "immigration is bad" without ever contemplating the question. 
Yay!Reap the whirlwind.The famous #Brexit DividendAs May said...Things will be differentYou bet they will  
you after 24 hours #SupportSmallStreamers #twitchtv @TwitchSupport @kaj33 @Nigel_Farage #brexit #tariffs #newstreamer 
Not just Legatum, the equally hard Brexit Paul Dacre et al are not strangers to the inside of the black door. 
This isn’t entirely true non-FARA-providing, non-US citizen @louiseBagshawe @louiseMensch  Case in point - YOU. Can you pls stop misusing the word patriot, especially given your particularly unpatriotic actions toward your own country re: Brexit. ‘Patriot’  has specific meaning.  
Dear #brexit supporting parties, DUP, Labour & Tories. In a month we will come after you, not with misleading promises or misspent money or analytics, but with the power of our votes #Stopbrexit 
This may be why many Brexit supporters think I'm smart. Except for when I talk about Brexit or EU, then I'm "a muppet" #NigelFraud  
Absolute disgrace. Brexit ads on BBC what the fuck are they up to!!!!!! 
Those in control of labour appear to be in favour of BREXIT. No sure about majority Labour membership - they were duped too. 
You know the answer ... and now we have to address the inability of politicians to handle Brexit properly. 
It's a distraction non-story, but what is it meant to distract from?Just a guess, but could it be EVERYTHING the Tories are doing now & all the damage they're going to continue doing post-Brexit? 
Well the time wasted and mess of Brexit is sure you're divisive campaign. Thank godness you will never run Scotland once Independent. 
"The undergoing displacement community"So theres this weird collectively speaking for community thing I never understood. I can go show the Measure S results district by district.A group of advocates is not a referendum. 
Brexit is 8710 hours away. #brexit 
The arrogance of the political elite trying to force an insidious brexit on us is staggering. Demand a sane brexit! 
